1851.]
APPfcMDlX TO Tttte CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Maim, of Massachusetts.
Ho. or Reps.
that is "conclusive,"—that is, unquestionable, irre-
fragable, omnipotent,—like a miracle of God, not
to be disputed. And this greatest of legal force is
given to the worst of evidence. I say that a law
so worthy of abhorrence, so truculent, so fiendish,
is not to be found upon the statute-book of any
other civilized nation on the globe.
Such, too, has been ttje practical Construction
given to the law. I see? by the papers that in a
late case which occurred at Detroit, the respond-
ent declared himself a free man, and prayed for a
continuance, to^llow him to send to Cincinnati
for his free papers. But the commissioner reftised
the delay, saying that under this law, even free
papers from the very man that claimed him, would
be of no avail; for where the law made the evidence
conclusive, nothing could rebut it. Any counter
evidence must be admitted, on the hypothesis that
the evidence already received may be controlled
by it. But what an infinite absurdity to suppose
that one mass or body of proof can be conclusive,
over another which is conclusive. The law might
just as well have made color conclusive, not only
that the respondent was a slave, but that he ran
away from the man who claims him. The law,
as it stands, is as much a slave-making as it is a
slave-catching law.
It declares that the proceedings shall be " sum-
mary;" and it provides a different rate of compen-
sation, according as the decision is for freedom or
against it. On what principle is this difference of
compensation founded ? Everybody can see at a
glance that when a claimant can prepare his evi-
dence beforehand and in secret, he would be a fool
not to make out a prima facie case. If the respond-
ent adduces no proof, the case goes by default, and
judgment, without delay, is entered against him.
But if the claim is contested, then with esses are to
be examined, arguments are to be heard, evidence
is to be weighed, legal questions to be investigat-
ed, and such a decision made as the commissioner
is willing to have goto the world. It is only in the
last class of cases, the contested class, that the re-
spondent wiH be discharged. The eases, therefore,
that result in freedom will ordinarily occupy six-
fold, or tenfold more time, besides requiring the
exercise of more leg£l knowledge and ability, than
those which terminate fatally to the respondent.
Yet for decreeing the freedom of a man, the fee is
but half as much as when a sentence of bondage
is awarded against him. This surpasses the brib-
ery Of Judas by the high-priests. They had
not diabolical wit enough to present a contrast
between right and wrong, as a special stimulus
for committing iniquity.
The " summary manner" of trial provided'for
by this law, when considered in reference to rights
so momentous, shocks every Anglo-Saxon mind.
One's blood must all be corrupted in his veins,be-
fore he can hear of it without indignation. It is
. the noblest attribute of our race, that we hold civil
and religious liberty to be more sacred and more
pfrecious than life. Yet by what safeguards of
Constitution, of law, and of forms of practice, is life
protected amongst us? There must be a present-
ment by at least twelve sworn men, before a man
can be held to answer to a charge by which it can
be forfeited. Then come the traverse jury, the
right of peremptory challenge, the assignment of
counsel, the right to see the indictment before-
hand, and to know the names of the witnesses
who are to be called against the accused, and com-
pulsory process to insure the attendance of wit-
nesses in his favor! What noble barriers are
these against the oppression of a powerful Gov-
ernment, and the malignant passions of powerful
men! The probable Culprit,—the man laboring
under the most violent suspicion,—though caught
with the blood-red dagger in his hand over the
prostrate body of the victim, is guarded by all
that human ingenuity has been able to devise; by
all the knowledge that we can cotnmand this side
of the omniscience, and by all the power this side
of the omnipotence of God. Yet in the very com-
munity Where these rights are reverenced and up-
held, a man may be seized without notice^ hurried
to a tribunal without an hour for preparation, and
then be bdrne away a thousand miles, where all
thatfife has,of hope and of enjoyment is taken
away, and all that it knows of misery and of terror
is realized.
Let me ask any man'wha ever had a case in court
that was worth defending, whether he was prepared
to meet it the first how he had notice of its exist-
ence ? A respondent's witnesses may be resident in
different States, and distances of hundreds of miles
may intervene between him and them. His proof
may consist of deeds, or wills, or records, which
cannot be found or authenticated without delay.
His defence may consist of matters of law, which
the ablest counsel may require time and the exam-
ination of books to investigate. All these obsta-
cles to instantaneous readiness may exist together, j
and yet the inexorable mandate of the law scorns
his appeal for that delay on which his highest in-
terests are suspended, ahd dooms him to bondage
because he cannot achieve impossibilities. Under
such a law, not one man in ten who will be arrest-
ed, even though he should be free, will be prepared
to establish that freedom. A great portion of these
outcasts from human justice, I doubt not, are better
prepared for the summons of instantaneous death,
than for this summons to an instantaneous trial.
Then .the cruel haste in executing judgment!
The murderer is allowed a season of respite be-
tween the hour of sentence and the hour of death;
the debtor may turn out goods to satisfy a cred-
itor's demands; bmt the alleged fugitive has no re-
prieve. He has no opportunity to solicit money |
to redeem himself, or to negotiate for the ransom
of body and soul. Swift and sure as an arrow to its
mark, he is speeded on his way to the abodes of
toil and despair. The witnesses who swore away
his liberty may have been perjured, but he cannot
stop to convict them. The court may have been
corrupt, but he cannot remain to impeach it. i
However honestly rendered, the judgment may ;
be reversible for error in law, but he cannot stay .
to set it aside.
Now, every one nituit see that where there is so
tittle caution before trial, there should be a liberal
opportunity for revision after it. But here is in-
finite exposure to error, With no chance for recti-
fication. Overstepping the acts of the common
tyrant, there is an infliction of the most heinous
wrong, with a premeditated purpose that it shall
not be repaired. The great ana free Republic of
North America has transferred the unwritten law ;
of Judge Lynch to its statute book. i
However clear the constitutional obligation of I
1 Congress to enact a law for the reclamation of fu-
gitive slaves may be supposed by any one to be,
: there certainly are limitations to this obligation,
I which all the principles of our Goverriment forbid
j the law-maker to transcend.
I In the first place, this constitutional Obligation
! rrtust be Strictly construed. The main and primary
object of the Constitution was to protect natural
1 rights; but the object of the fugitive slave clause
| was to protect a legal right in conflict with natural
' right. All judges of an honorable name, all courts
: in all civilized communities, _ have recognized a
broad distinction in the principles of interpreting
I law. They have held that provisions against life
and liberty should be strictly construed, while
' those in favor of life and liberty should be liberally
[ construed,—the one so construed as to inflict as lit-
tie of pain and privation as possible; the other, to
give as much of freedom and immunity as possi-
ble. These have become maxims, or axioms, of
legal interpretation; and in their long and unbroken
recognition, it is not too strong an expression to
say, they command and impetrate a strict con-
struction of that clause in the Constitution under
which fugitives may be claimed. And the samei
legal maxims, in regard to all subjects touching
1 lift and liberty, bind Congress ih legislating under ,
I the Constitution, as bind the judicial tribunals in
j administering the law. , < j
Yet the fugitive slave law Contains provisions, ;
which there can be no pretence nor shadow of a
! pretence that the Cdnstltution requires. By the
Constitution, " No person held to service or labor
in one State, escaping into another, shall be dis-
charged." Into another what? Indisputably, into
another Stile. It must mean State, and can mean
nothing else; for the laws of language admit no :
other construction. The"expression, " No person
held in one State, escaping into anoffcer TERRt-
roMr" would be not merely ungrammatical and
un-Ehglish, but nonsensical. No man of common ]
intelligence ever so constructed a sentence. Yet|
the sixth section of the act provides not only for j
the wise of slaves escaping from one State into |
another State, but for their escape from a State
into a Territory, and for an escape from a Territory
into a State, and for an escape from one Territory
into another Territory. Pour classes of cases are
provided for by the law, while but one of them
finds any warrant in the Constitution.
Now let any one take a map of the United States,
and see over what a vast area the law extends,
over which the provision in the Constitution does
not extend. The region is continental over which
the law unconstitutionally extends, and this cor-
responds with the vast inhumanity of the princi-
ple which so extends it-
Mark another particularin which the provisions
of the Jfcw go beyond the requirements of the Con-
stitution The Constitution says the fugitive shall
be " delivered up." Thelaw makes provisionfpr
transporting him to the claimant's home. Is there
any similar provision respecting any other species
of property ? If a northern merchant recovers a
debt from his southern customer, does the Gov-
ernment assume the responsibility of seeing that
it is paid to the creditor at his own home ? If a
northern man is robbed, and the stolen goods are
found in another State, does the Government trans-
port thembackandpayfreight? Then, why should
Government interpose in this case to bear costs
and risks, unless slavery is so meritorious an in-
stitution as to deserve the benefactions as well as
the benedictions of freemen ?
Then observe how artfully the law is worded,
to make the assistance rendered to the.claimant go
beyond any supposed necessity in the case. " If,"
it says, "upon affidavit made by the claimant, **
• his agent or attorney, * * that he has reason to
' apprehend that, such fugitive will be rescued by
' force, * * before he can take him beyond the lim-
' its of the Stale in which the arrest is made, it shall
' be the duty of the officer * # to remove him to
' the Stale whence, he Jleil." Thus, if danger is ap-
prehended, within the first ten miles, the Govern-
ment shall see the slave safely home, at its own
expense, though it be a thousand miles. t
But besides th^unheard-of principle of saddling
the Government with the expense of prosecuting
the- private claims of its citizens, within its own
jurisdiction, I should like to know what provision
the Constitution contains, which, though inter-
preted by the most Iatitudinarian constructionist,
confers any right upon Congress thus to take the
money of one citizen to pay the private expenses
of another. There is no clause, or phrase, or
word in that instrument, which favors the idea
that the northern States should bear the expense,
as well as the disgrace of thus remanding our fel-
low-men into bondage.
Besides, if the limits of the Constitution were to
be transcended, in order to deliver an alleged fugi-
tive to his master, would not the slightest element
of equity, or decency even, require that when a
freeman is condemned to bondage under the law;,
his expenses, incurred in returning to the place
where he was plundered of himself, should be
reimbursed to him by the Government, which
had failed in its duty to protect him? If the
claimant of James Hamlet could be supplied witji
a force at the Government's expense, to carry
him into slavery, why should not the expenses
of coming back into a land of freedom be reimr
bursed by the Government to Adam Gibson, after
one of its venal and villanous instruments had
wrested that freedom from him? ,
The law also provides for another thing which
the Supreme Court has expressly declared to be
unconstitutional, or beyond the power of Congress
to enact. It provides that any State court of rea-
ord, or judge thereof, in vacation, may take and
certify evidence which shall be " conclusive" in
regard to two of the three points which are made
sufficient by the law t6 prove a man a slave. Thus,
the two facts of slavery ahd of escape may be
" conclusively" proved by the certificate of a judge
of a State court, so that the judge before whon) the
alleged fugitive is brought, shall, in regard to
these facts, exercise only a mere ministerial func-
tion. Now, he who Has power to take and authen-
ticate evidence, which it is predetermined shall be
" conclusive" in the case, has power to decide tlte
case. This, in its nature and essence is a judicial
power; yet this power is given by the act to any
State court of record, and to any judge thereof in
vacation. Contrary to this, however, the Supreme
