248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
Court has said, " Congress cannot vest any por-
tion of the judicial power of the United States, ex- ]
cept in courts ordained and established by itself." i
Martin vs. Hunter's Lessee, 1 Wheat., 330. "The 1
whole judicial power of the United States should
be, at all times, vested in some courts created un-
der its authority."—ft. 331. " The jurisdictiorf
over such cases, [cases arising; under the Constitu-
tion, laws, and treaties of the United States,] could
not exist in the State courts previous to the adop-
tion, of the Constitution, and it could not after-
wards be directly conferred on them; for the Con-
stitution expressly requires the judicial power to
be vested in courts ordained and established by
the United States."—lb. 335.
Yet, though it is expressly declared that Con-
gress cannot vest any part of the judicial power of
the United States in a State court, the State courts
are empowered by this law to take and certify evi-
dence, which is made " conclusive" in the case.
Look at the subject in another of its aspects.
H ere are some half million of free colored per-
sons in the free States. They are unquestionably
free. They possess, as fully as you or I, those
prerogatives of freedom without which life ceases
to be a blessing. Their freedom is guarantied to
them by the Constitution of the United States, ,
and by the constitutions and laws of the States
respectively in which they dwell. They certainly
are a part of the people. In some of the Sates, as ,
in Massachusetts for instance, the law knows no
iota of distinction, in any respect, between a black j
man and a white man; between one of European
and one of African descent. It is the noble privi-
lege of a Massachusetts man to say, that, as all
men are equal before the divine law, so all men are j
equal within our borders, before the human law.
Now, scattered among this half million, more
or less, of free colored people in the free States,
there are a few hundreds, or a few thousands if
you please, of "fugitives from service or labor,"
as the Constitution cunningly and evasively
phrases it; which, being interpreted, means, as i
the whole world knows, fugitives from toil, and J
fetters, and stripes, and agony; fugitives from |
ignorance and the thick darkness of the intellect; j
fugitives from moral debasement, and from that I
enforced pollution of body and soul that spares I
neither wife, nor mother, nor a daughter's inno- I
cence; fugitives from the disruption of family ties,
and from the laceration of all human affections;
fugitives, in fine, from a heathenism of superstition
and religious blindness into the glorious light of
the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
Now, this free class and this fugitive class be-
long ethnologically to the same race. They speak
the same language, and wear the same distinctive 1
characteristics of feature and of form. All the un-
speakable privileges, all the sacred titles and im- ,
munities of the one class are enshrined in the
same complexion and in the same contour of per- 1
son that attend the debasement and privation of
the other. The vessels of honor and of glory are ;
moulded into the same shape with the vessels of
dishonor and of shame.
Now, after this debased class has been created
by a wicked system of human laws, and after it is
mingled with the free class, another law steps in
and decrees that the former shall be remanded to
their bondage. An awful decree! second in terri-
bleness only to that which shall divide between the
blessed and the accursed before the judgment-seat of
God. Within the compass of human action, there
never was an occasion that demanded more uner-
ring justice and wisdom, that invoked more fore-
sight and solicitude, that appealed more touchingly
to every sentiment and instinct congenial to liberty,
with which God has endowed and ennobled the
soul of man, so to devise the law, if law there
must be, as not to involve tjie free in the horrible
doom of the enslaved. If, in the administration of
penal laws, a knowledge of human fallibility has
forced the maxim into existence and into practice,
that it is better that ninety-nine guilty persons
should escape than one innocent man should suffer,
ought not the same benign rule to be adopted in
our legislation whenever there is a possibility of
exposing the free to the fearful fate of the enslaved ?
But instead of this jealousy and circumspection,
what have we? A law whose first utterance abjures
the distinction between freedom and bondage; a
law which brings the whole free colored popula- >
tion of the United States within the outer circles
of the whirlpool of slavery, that they may be in-
gulfed in its vortex; a law which empowers every
villain in the country, by fabricating false testi-
mony at his own leisure and convenience, to use his
own freedom in order to rob other people of theirs !
I aver, that before any moral tribunal, where right
and wrong are weighed in the balances of the
sanctuary, there is not a felony described in the
whole statute-book that is more felonious than
such a law.
It has become an axiom in the administration of
justice,—an axiom slowly evolved by the wisdom
of ages, but now firmly established and incorpo-
rated into the jurisprudence of every civilized
community,—that the ethical policy of the law will
tolerate no rule of action that opens the door to
fraud or crime, but will even vacate solemn con-
tracts, between parties otherwise competent, in its
jealousy and apprehension of wrong. Hence the
law applicable to common carriers, which will not
allow a man to exonerate himself from liability
even by express notice, lest opportunity Should be
given for collusion and fraud. Hence, too, the
principle of law which forbids an insolvent debtor
to pay, or even to contract to pay, a bona fide
creditor, in anticipation of bankruptcy. Now,
this principle applies with tenfold force to legis-
lators,—withholding and repelling them from pass-
ing any law which may involve the innocent in
the fate of the guilty, or the free in the bondage of
the enslaved.
But the law violates a still deeper principle than
these. I do not recollect the instance of a single
northern man or northern press, utterly false to
freedom, and venal as so many of them have been,
that has professed entire satisfaction with the law.
They palliate it, they strive by seductive party and
pecuniary appeals to beguile men into its support.
They look outside of it for pretexts to hide its in-
herent baseness; but not one of them, so far as I
know, has had the effrontery to justify it on its in-
trinsic merits. Even those northern men who
voted for it have sought refuge from the storm of
righteous indignation that burst upon them, by
alleging that it was an essential ingredient in a sys-
tem of measures, and entered, as a necessary
element, into a desirable compromise.
When this language is translated, what does it
mean ? Simply this, and no more: California was
admitted, and thereby certain political and com-
mercial advantages were gained. This, in legal
language, was the consideration. The fugitive
slave law was passed, and thereby the rights of
freemen, the property of men in themselves, all
the household sanctities, all the domestic endear-
ments of half a million of men, were put in peril.
This was the equivalent given ! A mere barter of
the holiest interests for worldly advantages ! And
these interests were given away by men who did
not own them to give. The whites, North and
South, played a game, and made the black people
their stakes. Who authorized the law-makers to
derive a benefit to themselves from doing this in-
finite wrong to others ? Who gave them the terri-
ble prerogative of making others suffer for their
pleasure? I say it with reverence, but still I say
it with emphasis, that we cannot conceive of God
himself as having power to inflict vicarious suffer-
ing without the free consent of the sufferer! Yet
the atrocities of this law are defended by those
who made it, on the ground that they and other
white men have secured benefits to themselves by
sacrificing the liberty, happiness, and peace of half
a million of their fellow-beings of a different color.
Cause and counsellor are alike; for the defence is
as profligate as the act it defends.
I say, sir, it is the population of African descent
in the free States which is specially put in peril
by this law. Occasionally, indeed, persons of un-
mixed white blood are seized and enslaved under
it. These cases, however, are comparatively rare.
But suppose the reverse. Suppose circumstances
to be such that the whole body of the white popu-
lation should be as much endangered by it as the
colored people now are. Suppose that not only
the white voters themselves, but their wives and
their children, were as liable to be " Ingrahamed,"
as the blacks; suppose this, I say, and would
the existence of the law be tolerated for an hour?
Would there not be an uprising of the people, si-
multaneousand universal againstit, and such a yell
of execration as never before burst from mortal
lips ? The name of every man who had voted for
i it, or who should defend it, would be entered upon
I that apostate list at whose head stands the name
of Judas. Christian and Infidel, Jew and Gentile,
i would execrate it alike. Why, then, if they would
do this to avert such peril from themselves and their
families, do they not do it when their sable breth-
ren are in jeopardy ? Alas! there is but one an-
swer! From selfish considerations; from the love
of wealth or the love of power, they have discard-
ed that heaven-descended maxim, "Whatsoever
ye would that men should do uilto you, do ye the
same unto them."
And it is this very class of men who have thus
abjured the precepts of Jesus Christ, who have
trampled upon the divine doctrines of liberty and
love, that now so clamorously summon us to ail
Obedience to Law.
In answer to this call let me say, that true obe-
dience to law is necessarily accompanied and pre-
ceded by a reverence for those great principles of
justice and humanity without which all law is des-
potism. How can a man pretend to any honest re-
gard for the principle of obedience to law when he
is willing, as in the case of this fugitive slave act,
to transcend our constitutional law, and to invade
the Divine law? It is but an appeal to the lower
rule of action to justify a violation of the higher.
Under the pretext of rendering unto Caesar the
things that are Caesar's, it denies to God the
things that are God's.
' And again, a true reverence for law is a general
principle, and not an isolated fact. It applies to
! all laws collectively, and not to any one law in
I particular. It bestows its greatest homage upon
1 those laws that embrace and confer the most of
human welfare; for, were all the laws of a com-
munity, or the great majority of them, unrighteous,
then disloyalty to law would be the virtue. Can
the class of men who demand our allegiance to
the fugitive slave law stand this test? We have
usury laws, which not only carry the legal force
of statutes, but the moral power of the greatest
names in legislation and in statesmanship. Are
the men in New York, in Philadelphia, and Bos-
ton, who are most vehement in support of the
fugitive slave law, signalized for their regard to
the statutes against usury ?
Is not money lent in all those cities on the same
principle that wreckers send a rope's end to a
drowning man,—for as much as they can extort ? It
is notorious that among the great body of mer-
chants and capitalists in those cities, interest is
regulated by the pressure upon the money-market,
and that no more idea of law mingles with their
contracts, than in California, where there is no law
on the subject.
We have laws restricting the sale of intoxica-
ting liquors, and designed to promote the glorious
object of temperance. For which have our cities
been conspicuous,—for their obedience to th^se
laws or for their violation of them ? A few years
ago, when a question of the constitutionality of a
law of Massachusetts for the restraint of intem-
perance arose, did not its two distinguished Sena-
tors appear in the Supreme Court of the United
States, and make the most strenuous exertions to
annul the law of their own State, and to open
anew the floodgates for overwhelming their own
constituents in misery and ruin,—the self-same
gentlemen who are now so intolerant even of dis-
cussion ?
Look at the complaints which come to us every
day from the friends of a protective tariff. They
tell us that our revenue laws are fraudulently ani
systematically evaded; and they number the vio-
lations of these laws by thousands and tens of
thousands. AV!io are the violators ? Not men
living in the country; not the farmers and mechan-
ics, and laborers,—the substratum of our strength
and the origin of our power,—but city merchants,
the getters-up of " Union meetings," and the
members of " Safety and Vigilance committees,"
who are so earnest in inculcating those lessons of
obedience, by their precepts, which they have
done so little to inculcate by their example.
The southern States are loud in their calls 41 poll
us to execute the fugitive slave law. But what ex-
amples have they set us on the subject of obedi-
, ence to law ? I think I may be pardoned for men-
