250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14 and 15,
31st Cons 2d Sess.
Democracy—Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Reps.
ments. He undertook to tell us that General
Jackson, Jefferson, Monroe, and all the lights of
Democracy on this subject, were found with him.
Well, sir, they were with him a short time ago.
But I desire to call the attention of the committee
to the gentleman's opinions during the session of
1848. Sir, at that time, Mr. Pettit, of Indiana, of-
fered the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That if in the judgment of Congress it be
necessary to improve the navigation of a river, to expedite
and render secure the movements of our army, and save
from dela}- and loss our arms and munitions of war, then
Congress has the power to improve such river.
" Resolved, If it be necessary for the preservation of the
lives of our seamen, repairs, safety, or maintenance of our
vessels of war, to improve a harbor or inlet, either on the
Atlantic or Lake coast, Congress has the power to make
such appropriations."
" The said resolutions were read; when Mr. Pettit
moved the previous question.
" Mr. SIMS moved that the said resolutions be laid on
the table.
" The vote was taken and decided in the negative—yeaa
70, nays 1:24."
That was one of the ingenious clap-traps which
are frequently seen upon this floor. It was an en-
deavor to place gentlemen wl(o oppose this system
of corruption, this miserable bribery of the mem-
bers of this House, through means of their con-
stituents—it was for the purpose, I say, of making
those gentlemen seem to vote against supplying
the necessary means for carrying on the war.
Well, there were some weak Democrats at that
time afraid to vote against the principle. But after
some discussion, Mr. Sims moved that thes
resolutions be laid upon the table. Where, then,
was the chairman of the Committee on Commerce—
he who undertakes to tell us that this system has
been sanctioned, and has met the approbation of
Jefferson, Jackson, Monroe, and Madison? Why, !
sir, the vote upon the motion to lay upon the table
was veas 70, to 124 nays. And among those sev-
enty I find myself, in company with the honorable
Robert M. McLane, of Maryland, the present
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, and
now the special advocate of this system of inter-
nal improvements, with all its enormities.
Mr. McLANE. I should give the same vote
upon the same resolutions now.
Mr. MORSE. Well, then, Mr. Wentworth,
of Illinois, who was the putative father of this
system of internal improvements, introduced the
following resolution:
" Resolved. That the General Government has the power
to construct such harbors and improve such rivers as are
necessary and proper for the protection of our navy and of
our commerce, and also for the defences of our country."
Not for the purpose of trade, not for the purpose
of carrying down the commerce upon our inland
seas in times of peace, but, sir, for the purpose of
defending the country against foreign invasion,
under the clause of the Constitution which permits
us to make war and establish an army, and with
it, as it has been frequently contended, all the
necessary and proper powers. Very well, sir:
" The said resolution was read; when
" Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous question,
winch was seconded ; and the main question was ordered
to be put, viz: ' Will the House agree to the said resolu-
tion ?'
"The quertion being put, was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 138, nays 54."
138 voted aye, and a poor corporal's guard of 54
were found in the negative!
I am happy to see that I was one of that small
Ijotly, and my friend the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, was one of us. Not for the
purpose of saving the munitions of war—not for
the purpose of defending our country from hostile
invasion—not for the purpose of resisting a foreign
foe, could the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce vote that the General Government had this
power, under the war-making power.
Mr. McCLERNAND (interposing, and Mr.
Morje yiedling the floor) said: I may remark that
I very well recollect the occasion to which the gen-
tleman has alluded. The resolution was moved
by the gentleman from Illinois; and before he sent
it to the Clerk's desk, he had moved the previous
question. He offered that resolution, as I then
understood, as censuring Mr. Polk for his veto of
the river and harbor bill; for after the result was
known, he exclaimed, "We have now passed
the bill over his head !"
Mr. JONES (Mr. Morse yielding the floor)
■aid, he saw from the Journal, to which his atten-
tion had been called, that on the 'adoption of the
resolution just referred to by the gentleman from
I Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] that his name was re-
corded in the affirmative, and the name of John
W. Jones, a Representative from the State of
Georgia, is recorded in the negative. This is
wrong—it places me in a false position. I voted
against the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth.] The Congres-
sional Globe, which contains the official reports of
this House, now before me, has my name correct-
ly recorded in the negative upon that proposition.
From circumstances connected with that vote, I
have a distinct recollection that I voted against the
resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I remember distinctly
that your vote was so given on that question.
Mr. MORSE. I certainly never should suspect
my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] of having
voted wrong upon this question. I am very glad
to have afforded him this opportunity of setting
himself right. We all know his consistency upon
this subject, and however the Journal might place
him, every one knows what his Democracy is.
The object of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentworth] was not a simple expression of the
right of this Government to undertake to improve
rivers and harbors as a means of military defence.
It was understood and intended to be a reflectipn
upon the Executive, who had sent us a veto mes-
sage upon this subject.
Now, sir, I find in July, 1848, Mr. Goggin in-
troduced the following resolution:
" On motion of Mr. Gobgin, the House proceeded to the
order of the day, and resumed the consideration of the re-
port from the Committee on Commerce, upon the memorial
j from the Chicago Convention relative to the improvement
, of rivers and harbors by the General Government, and also
upon other memorials upon the same subject; the veto
message of the President of the United States at tile present
session upon a bill of the last Congress, providing for the
improvement of rivers and harbors ; and the bill relating to
tonnage duties. The question beingon agreeing to the sec-
ond resolution accompanying said report, which was read, j
as follows: * '
" Resolved, That the interests of our national commerce,
the Common defence, and general welfare of the United
States, require a judicious exercise of the foregoing power.
" And the question being put, Will the Hause agree
thereto ?—
" It was decided ill the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 53."
Well, sir, under the power given by these words
"general welfaref," more iniquities have been per-
petrated upon this Government than under any
other similar words in the English language. Un-
der the plea of the " general welfare" of this coun-
try, all the distractions which have convulsed this
Union, and shaken this Government to its centre,
have been included. Such was the Democracy of 1
the gentleman from Maryland at that time, that he
was found in the small minority of fifty-three.
Not even for the " general welfare" could he be
induced to give to Congress any such power.
Well, sir, Mr. Polk, to his eternal honor be it
said, sent back a paper which, if he had not affixed
his name to any other document, would have ren-
dered his name dear to what I believe to be the
Democracy of this country. He had the firmness
to send back to this House a veto message against
this river and harbor bill, which condenses all the
arguments that are to be said upon this side of the
question.
There was an attempt then made to pass the bill
" over his head," and a resolution was introduced,
as follows:
" The third resolution was then read, as follows:
" * Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the President in
< his veto message of December 15, 1847, for his refusal to
' approve and sign the bill passed March 3,1847, making ap-
' propnations for the improvement of certain harbors and
' rivers, are deemed insufficient and unsatisfactory.'
" And the question being put, ' Will the House agree
thereto." it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays
72."
Well, sir, there is a negative, pregnant with an
affirmative. They are "insufficient and unsatis-
factory." If they are not, they are satisfactory
and unanswerable ; and, sir, the reasons given are
unanswerable, and they have not been answered ,
to this day. A vote was taken on the passage of !
that resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive. But among the nays we find the name of
my friend the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce. So much for his consistency. So
much for "Satan rebuking sin." So much for
the gentleman who undertook yesterday to read us j
a lecture on Democracy. j
Mr. McLANE. If my friend from Louisiana
would permit me at this moment, before he goes
to-general topics and leaves the cross-road of my
consistency, (and a very cross road it is at the
best,) and will allowme, 1 will say simply, in expla-
nation, that I voted to sustain Mr. Polk's veto on
returning the river and harbor bill because I
thought his reasons satisfactory and sufficient.
That is why I voted to sustain him. His reasons
were satisfactory and sufficient to me, and 1 voted
so. I did so, I may be permitted to say, influ-
enced by his reasons against thf expediency of the
measure, which seemed to render it desirable that
the whole question ought to be postponed until
the termination of the war, and until the Treasury
was in a better position. My friend from Louisi-
ana will not forget, I am sure, that portion of the
message. Whatever other objections or reasons
there may have been, I shall not now notice. I
, am confining myself to my own personal explana-
tion. As to the resolutions of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] and of the gentleman
from Virginia, and another set of resolutions on
the Journal; which the gentleman from Louisiana
has not yet found, introduced by Mr. Hunt of
New York, chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, I voted "no" on one and all of them. And I
would do it again to-day if they were drawn in
that wide phraseology that would catch every-
body; and that, in my judgment, made them res-
olutions, which ought not to be enacted. I would
vote "no" on them to-day. That is my explana-
tion.
Mr. BURT, (Mr. Morse yielding the floor.)
As I gave the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] an intimation yesterday 
! Mr. CARTTER called the gentleman to order.
Several Members. " Oh! let him go on."
Mr. BURT. I wished to say but a few words;
but if anybody here is unwilling, I will yield the
floor. If anybody here objects I am done.
Mr. MORSE. I have never in my life refused
to yield the floor to any gentleman, and I am
willing to yield it now. But if the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] does not desire it, I
will go on with my remarks.
The committee have heard the explanation of
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce. If
he is satisfied with his explanation, I am willing
to leave the question there. If these resolutions
were not sufficiently pointed, if they were so
I vague, if they were not sufficiently expressive of
the power of this Government to makethese inter-
nal improvements, it seems to me that language
. cannot make them plainer.
j The gentleman is willing to vote for it in the
aggregate or in the concrete, in the general or in
the particular. What has induced the change I
cannot say. It may be that the duty of the chair-
man of a committee may compel him at times to
report resolutions or measures contrary to his own
ideas of right. But the gentleman has not even
that loop-hole to escape through. He has told us
that he desires to extend the system further; that
he would have doubled and quadrupled many of
these appropriations, but that he was restrained by
the action of the committee. The gentleman, there-
fore, has sinned with his eyes open, and has sim-
ply to answer for a very common offence with
politicians—that of "turning his coat." [Roars
of laughter.]
Being found an ultra man in opposition to the
system of internal improvements at one time, and
an ultra advocate of that system at another, what
could have effected that change I do not know.
I take occasion to say here, once for all, in re-
lation to Democracy, that I have lost all my bear-
ings. If the Democracy which has been described
and set up here by the gentleman from Maryland
be the true and faithful one, then, sir, I am hete-
rodox. If the Democracy set up in Pennsylvania
for the protection of iron and other great interests,
be Democracy, I do not belong to that party. If
the Democracy which interferes with State rights,
and meddles with the power of the State govern-
ments over its own affairs, whether in relation to
rivers or harbors, or to any other question, be
real Democracy, I do not belong to that class of
politicians. I am anything but that. With me a
name signifies nothing. I go for persons in rela-
tion to their merits, and cannot be brought to alter
. and turn with men who hold every single princi-
