1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
251
31ST CQJIG—2D Sess.
Democracy—Riven <nid Harbors—Mr. Morse.
Ho. or R*?s,
pic antagonistic*! to mine. Sir, some of the old
party issues are fturly dead, and gone to the
" tomb of the Capulets." But there are certain
live questions now which agitate the country, and
on those, I am sorry to say, I find men, with whom
I hare hitherto acted, belonging now to a different
party from me.
Mr. MeLANE. What right have you to iikia
the name of Democrat ?
Mr. MORSE. I do not claim to be a Demo-
crat. 1 aay I am against all those doctrines. If
they are right, I am wrong. I am a Whig, a
Free-Soiler, or anything else. [Gnat laughter.]
I do not belong to any such section of party.
Nor do I belong to the Union party exclusively.
When I aay that, I do not mean to say that I have
no feeling for the perpetuity of this Union. There
is no man in this body; there is no man in Amer-
ica, that has a more warm or deroted attachment
to the Union—the Union of this country which
waa founded by our ancestors, and cemented with
their blood. A man's loyalty cannot be questioned,
whose ancestors have been more than two hun-
dred vears in this country. Yet, I say now, once
for ail, that I am for a Union under the Constitu-
tion, and protected by the Constitution; but that I
am for no Union that rides over these barriers,
and those doctrines of State rights. I belong to
no such Union. Sir, the word " Union" has no
cabalistic meaning with me. My ancestors went
into and established a Union for the common wel-
fare and common advantage: And whenever that
Union is used to carry out measures which de-
grade and dishonor my people, whenever it is
used by a majority as the means of oppression,
1 am for disunion, and no party tics, no fears of
any responsibility, will make me say the con-
trary.
Sir, I hare been drawn from the substance of
the few remarks which I proposed to address to
the eommiuee upon this most dangerooaand mon-
strous proposition. Why, air, we have not been
satisfied with increasing the expense of this Gov-
ernment from some $15,000,000 or $30,000,000,
but we have raised the expense of the adminis-
tration of this Government to some sixty or sev-
enty millions; and bow the spectacle is presented
to the world, of the United States, era barking in a
system of internal improvements, for which we
shall have to borrow money to clean out ditches,
aad rivers, and harbors.. Kir, it is as abhorrent
to me as is the meddling with the slave question.
It is my deliberate conviction, that in danger to
the institutions of America, in a tendency to pro-
duce disunion, and to arm brother against brother,
this monstrous system of bribery and corruption
through the means of the public Treasury, is even
more dangerous than any other that has been agi-
tated in this country. Men who would scorn a
bribe, whether of office or place, can be approached
by this system of bribing tbem through attach-
ment to their constituents.
Look at the bill that is before us. Sir, if an im-
provement be required for tiie benefit of commerce
at the mouth of the Delaware river, or of any other
river, let it stand upon its own merits. Bring in a
simple bill, and let it be discussed upon its own
merits. But by this system of lumping together,
this system of buying the votes of members, the
Government of the United States may be contin-
ued in the hands of one set of men forever.
Sir, in regard to this question,I am an ultra man.
I am opposed not only to internal improvements,
rivers and harbors, and light-houses on the lakes,
but I am opposed to them on the seaboard.
What right has the city of New York to ask this
Government to aid it in inducing and inviting the
commerce of the city of Philadefyhia? Where do
vou get the power to provide for lighthouses,
buoys, and breakwaters? If the people of Phila-
delphia desire to compete with New York, let them
do it. It has been ascertained that every power
exercised by the people is exercised with much
more judgment, much more economy, much more '
use to the public at large, than when exercised by |
the Government. Now, there are gentlemen here
who profess to hold, that the doctrine of a low
tariff, or a tariff for revenue purposes, is one of
the elements of die Democracy of this country. I
ask those gentlemen how they can—believing those
doctrines—vote for a system of measures which
mat inevitably involve this Government in debt
to the amount of hundreds of millions of dollars 
I a debt which will require an increased taxation,
! which will induce other means of raising money
* by borrowing it through the means of a United
States bank, or by raising the tariff?
And I suggest to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Strong,] and other gentlemen who
feel the least interest in this question of the tariff,
that it would be a proper occasion, if it were in
order to do so, to move an amendment to this bill,
so adjusting the tariff as to raise a revenue for the
purpose of supplying thedeficiency expected. For
me it would be discourteous to do so, because I
should be compelled to vote against it myself. I
believe in that principle adopted by my friend from
New York, that provides, that whenever a State
intends to run into debt, we shall also provide the
means of paying that debt. We have already pro-
posed in this bill appropriations amounting to
#1,500,000, and everybody knows, that before the
bill leaves this House its appropriations will be
increased to (5,000,000, or perhaps to $10,000,000.
Now, is it right, is it fair, is it honest, when our
expenditures already exceed our revenues, when
our revenue does not equal by some millions our
cuirent expenditures,—I repeat, is it right to con-
tract obligations we have not the means of paying ?
There is no scheme that, like this stupendous sys-
tem of internal improvements, will carry away so
mw*.h of the public treasure. There is nothing,
•either for which men are so ready to vote. And
why? Beeause few men would be found ready to
vote against an appropriation of $100,000 at their
own doors. Still I cannot, ahd do not, understand
that principle.
I do not quarrel with the Whigs for pursuing
i such a policy. It is their policy to have a splen-
I did Government; it is their policy to spend freely
and- liberally the revenues of this great country,
and even to exaeed those revenues. It is their
true policy to ••protect" all the branches of our
national industry—agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures—by offering bounties. Gentlemen
, talk about this Government being administered
economically—gentlemen who talk about resisting
the oppression of this Government, because they
seek to interfere with the institution of slavery in
the Territories: who talk about State rights, when
Government chooses to characterize what particu-
lar institutions shall go either to California or any
other Territory or State; and then, sir, undertake
to say that this Federal Government can have the
power of spending, in every single hamlet and
locality in the States, any amount of money it
chooses, without their consent. IJtnow that there
is no State in the Union which has been more lib-
erally a partaker in this system of internal im-
provements than the State of Louisiana. And
there isjno part of this State that has been ajarger
recipient of these appropriations than nry own
district, the Red river. There is a raft of fifteen
mites obstructing the commerce of one of the most
splendid rivers in America, running through sev-
eral States; and this is what would come within
Mr. Calhoun's limit of "national improvement."
Yet, I say that the people of Louisiana were
against putting their hands into the Treasury for
the purpose of performing; a work that they ought
to do themselves. I say in reference to this mat-
ter what I would'say to my constituents.
Now, sir, there are southern gentlemen here
who talk to us about ourState rights, who threaten
to dissolve this Union, who threaten everything if
this General Government undertakes to exercise
the simple power of expressing their wishes as to
what shall' he the peculiar institutions of one of
our Territories; and yet they are wilting to vote
millions of dollars for the purposes of corurptkm,
Mid to be spent amongst officeholders and contract-
ors, and other clamoring, brawling politicians.
There could be no better answer to this whole sys-
tem of internal improvements than the numbers of
memorials on our table, asking the Genera! Gov-
ernment to undo what they have done. I say, sir,
that even if we had the power, if the Constitution :
contained a clause directly authorising Congress '
to improve the rivers and harbors of the country,
that it would be better to yield up the power at
once. What do I know of the wants of the rivers
in California, Oregon, or Maine? And what do
the Representatives of distant States and Territo-
ries know about the want* of the people of Lou- >
isiana ? Why have thfe thirty members from the
States of New York or Pennsylvania a right to
invite commerce to their doors by making these
improvements at the expense of tne General Gov-
ernment? It should be left to private competition.
There is not a single power of this Government
that eould not be exercised cheaper and better if
left to private competition. We hear a great deal
about cheap postage; but if we had no Govern-
ment mails, private expresses would bring letters
and packages to our doors cheaper and better than
the mails do. Look at the telegraph, the great im-
provement of the present century, and which has
| conferred immortality on the inventor. Why, sir*
i' if the Government had undertaken to supply the
country with telegraphs, there would not have
been one tenth of the telegraphic facilities that
there now are. The energy of the American peo-
ple is such that wherever private enterprise and
competition are at work, they will beat our Gov-
ernment. I am willing, however, that the Gov-
ernment should exercise every power that has been
granted to it by the Constitution. I am willing,
for instance, that it should exercise power over
the post office; for, although there is no doubt that
in tne older States—in New York and New Eng-
land—the work could be done better by private
enterprise, yet in some of the new States, there
might not be population and means enough.
Mr. Chairman, without the least fear of contra-
diction I invoke the authority of every Republican
or Democratic President, against this monstrous
system of internal improvements; and it is no
answer to say that occasionally they have been
impelled by a stem necessity to sign some isolated
bill, for which, in most cases, they have endeav-
! ored to draw some distinction, and have univer-
, sally made such an act an exception; and though
1 they may be convicted of inconsistency, it is not
i any argument in favor of this power. If you can
improve a river already navigable, and tax the
people of the interior for the benefit of those
residing on the borders of rivers, creeks, and
bayous, why will you not make the canals and
railroads to bring the produce of the interior to
the streams already navigable? It would no
doubt be for the general welfare, as it would also
be to build carriages, rail cars, and all the neces-
sary means of transporting freight to market,
j The absolute impossibility of drawing any real
distinction was so clearly shown in Mr. Polk's
unanswered and unanswerable message, that it
would be a work of supererogation to repeat it.
When General Jackson put his veto to one of
those internal improvement bills, there were more
than one hundred millions of dollars' worth of
internal improvement schemes lying upon the
Speaker's table, and it requires no great effort of
the imagination to foresee that in a few years the
counUry will be indebted many thousand millions
of dollars.
But abandoning all the strong constitutional
objections to this magnificent system, I ask gen-
tlemen how it tallies with their notions of political
economy, to open the door of the Treasury to the
hungry expectants of river and harbor improve-
ments, when we are obliged to borrow money to
pay the interest of our public debt?
If there is not public virtue enough left with the
members of this body, to resist the offer of a
hundred thousand dollars, to be expended in their
districts, I have only this consolation left, that in
a few years the debt for the internal improvments
of this country will run up to many hundred mil-
lions of dollars; and when the people shall begin
to feel the tax, they may hold their representatives
to a strict account; and whenever they put their
veto upon it, the Treasury will be relieved from
this most terrible drain, and the recuperative
power of this country is such that she will soon
recover from the effects, and be once more the
plain, economical Government established by our
flutters, and administered within the receipts of a
scale of duties which looks to the revenue, and
net to the protection of particular classes or inter-
ests, when it imposes a tax upon its citizens.
If the cure of this disease can be effected in thia
manner, a thousand millions would be cheaply
•paid to bring the Government back to the golden
days of Democracy, as understood by Jefferson,
Madison, and Jackson. I am content to rest the
, case upon the argument) as presented J y those
