252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Our Domestic Policy—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
great men, which positioft I understand to have
been adopted by all the national Democratic con-
ventions up to 1848, which nominated Generals
Cass and Butler, and by them fully concurred in,
in their acceptance of that nomination; and if those
gentlemen are now, or have been in favor of inter-
nal improvements, as contemplated by the provis-
ions of this bill, I will only say that it will not be
the first instance in which gentlemen's principles
and votes cut at right angles.
There can be no better commentary offered upon
the whole system, than the fact that there is in the
bill, and that there are lying upon your table hun-
dreds of petitions asking Congress to undo what
they have already done towards the improvement
of rivers and harbors.
The object, m the first place, was to obtain a
large sum of money to be expended at a particular
point, without the least reference to the improve-
ment, and afterwards to obtain as much more for
removing what never was desired or required. If
Congress will, without surveys, or any satisfac-
tory information, injure or destroy the navigation
of streams of the country, there is some show of
reason in requiring that they should place the
place in statu quo, and I submit whether it would
not be well, after the end is gained (the expendi-
ture of the money) to stipulate that the Govern-
ment should be empowered to cede all such
improvements when they shall be found to be use-
less to the respective States, and thus avoid the
double expenditure of undoing what was uselessly
and unadvisedly begun in the first place.
I shall not trespass more than a moment longer
on the attention of the committee. These crude
remarks have been thrown out because, as I said
before, I am opposed to the bill, and the resolution
closing debate compelled me to speak without al-
lowing me an opportunity fully to refresh myself
with a review of various authorities on this sub-
ject, and giving me no time to make anything ap-
proaching to a satisfactory review of the details of
this measure. I now only desire to state to my
friends on this side of the House, and to my Whig
friends, who are responsible for the manner in
which this Government is carried on—I desire to
ask, in sober earnestness, if it is right, if it is prop-
er, now at the close of the session, to bring in a
bill which demands great research, great examin-
ation, to the imminent danger of losing the appro-
priation bills, for the purpose of carrying out thsi
policy ? I ask, if at this late day the monstrous sys-
tem of internal improvements should be forced
through this House without allowing an opportu-
nity fairly to discuss it ? There is not time to con-
sider one half of the appropriations and improve-
ments proposed so carefully and deliberately as
they should be. It seems to me, then, that it is the
desire and intention of the friends of the bill, to
force it, in the very words of the gentleman from
Illinois, " over our heads."
Febrcary 15.
[Mr. McLane, of Maryland, having the right
to close the debate on the bill, devoted a consider-
able portion of his hour to the attempt to show
some inconsistency on the part of Mr. Morse.
The House unanimously granted leave to Mr. M.
to reply after the debate was finally terminated,
when Mr. M. spoke substantially as follows:]
Mr. MORSE. I shall not take advantage of the
kindness of the committee to trespass for more than
a very few moments on their indulgence simply
for the purpose of making a personal explanation,
and to reply to the tissue of miserable sophisms
that we. have been entertained with for one hour.
And if I do not satisfy the House in ten minutes
of the fallacy of the gentleman's arguments, I
promise never to make issue with the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce again.
Sir, when the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, who is the organ of one of the most important
committees in the House, undertook to tell us ex
cathedra what were the opinions of the Democracy
in the days of Madison, Jefferson, and Jackson,
and undertook, by a sort of side-blow, to denounce
those who differ to-day from what he holds to have
been their opinions on the subject of internal im-
provements, I venture to say that whatever might
have been their opinions, the gentleman from Mary-
land was certainly inconsistent with himself, and
diametrically opposed to himself, and I proved it
by his votes on this question. Now, sir, thegen-
tl eman is the father of a general system of improve-
ments of rivers and harbors. I endeavored to leave
him a loop-hole which he might have taken ad-
vantage of, by saying that perhaps, as the organ of ]
the committee, he was bound to present a measure ;
of which he himself did not approve; but he
scorned to take advantage of that loop-hole, and |
admitted that he went even further than the com- j
; mittee; and he boasted of his treason to what I |
call Democracy; he boasted that he would have i
, gone further than the committee; that he would I
have increased the appropriations in this bill by ;
millions of dollars if he had not been checked by 1
the committee. The gentleman attempts to meet
my assertion that the distinguished statesmen to
whom he referred were not in favor of this system,
! by reading a solitary exception to the rule, and by
showing that General Jackson and other distin-
guished Presidents have occasionally, under some
great pressure from without, been induced to sign
bills contrary to their general principles. But in
every single message in such cases therj is an
apology for that act, and an ingenious attempt to
draw a distinction. Sir, all that the arguments of
the gentleman amount to is, that these statesmen
have occasionally been inconsistent with them-
selves; but, sir, the gentleman has to-day endeav-
ored , by a quibble, to get off from his inconsistency j
by saying, that these resolutions against which"
I have shown that he voted, proposed a mon-
strous system of internal improvements, and that
he would vote again against so large and undefined
a system. "Well, now, sir, this is the resolution:
" Retolved, That the General Government has the power
to construct such harbors and improve such rivers as are
necessary and proper for the protection of our Navy and of
our commerce, and also for the defences of our country."
The gentleman voted with a little corporal's
guard of fifty-three or fifty-four against that reso- i
lution. And yet he has the assurance to rise in
his seat here and tell this committee and the coun-
try that the city of Baltimore has always been
represented by men who have been in favor of
the improvement of rivers and harbors. The gen-1
tleman when voting against that resolution, denied
the power of Congress to improve rivers for the
purpose of military defence, or for the benefit of'
the commerce of the country. He has contra-
i dieted himself to-day by voting to improve, at an
enormous expense, rivers that are not necessary
for the purpose of defence or for the protection of |
the munitions of war. If the gentleman cannot j
perceive that the resolutions against which he
voted, narrowed down the poVer to limits infi- !
nitely smaller than this bill does, I am utterly at |
a loss to understand his powers of conception.
But the gentleman, feeling the truth of the charge ^
of inconsistency which I fastened upon him, and
which every man in this committee must per- j
ceive, undertakes to defend himself by turning
upon me. |
Well, sir, suppose that I had been inconsistent,
would that have been any answer ? But let us
see how the matter stands. Instead of taking the
' record and pointing out a solitary vote given by
me during the seven years during which I have !
been in Congress, inconsistent with the sentiments
that I profess to-day, what dots the gentleman
do? He reads us the votes of Mr. Soule in the
Senate of the United States. He tells us of some
j oint resolution passed by the Legislature of
Louisiana. He tells us that a clause was insert-
i ed in the last general appropriation bill for im-
provements in my State, and that I did not get
up to denounce it, when I happened to be some
thousands of miles from Washington at the time.
Am I responsible for the votes of others ? Does
it fix the charge of inconsistency on me, because
some other gentlemen may have voted in a par-
ticular way? And even if he had proved me
inconsistent, would that have justified him? But
the gentleman brings it a little nearer. He says
that I voted for Cass and Butler, and he shows
that these gentlemen have occasionally voted for
bills similar to this. Well, suppose I did vote for
Cass and Butler. It is very well known that the
Whigs, as a party, are in favor of a magnificent
system of internal improvements. And while I t
agreed with Cass and Butler on most questions, .
. it may have been a source of regret, that I could j
not agree with those gentlemen upon this ques-
tion. But it will be recollected that the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] whose name has
been drawn into this debate, has never given us
a statement of his principles upon this subject.
It is stated that at Buffalo, the people there were
extremely anxious to hear something upon this
point, but the " noise and confusion "was so great
that we have never heard it to this day. Now,
there is one charge against me that the gentleman
has been led into by the error of the Reporter of
the Globe, which I desire to correct. I certainly
used very strong language, because I felt deeply;
and when I feel deeply, I do not care about weigh-
ing my words. But I am made to say here in the
Globe, that if this bill passed, I was in favor of
disunion. Now, I used those words, but there
were some other words between, which qualified
the position which I took in relation to disunion.
I was speaking upon the subject of this intermed-
dling with State rights upon the subject of slavery.
I said that this river and harbor business, this
undertaking to go into the States, and embark in
a magnificent system of internal improvements,
was one of a series of encroachments upon the
part of the Federal Government upon the rights
of the States; and I went on to say, that it was
very much akin, and perhaps not less dangerous
than intermeddling with the slavery question. I
then went on to remark on the Union party, and
I stated that I was endeavoring to find my lati-
tude and longitude in relation to politics; and I
desired to state to the gentleman that it was never
my intention to read him, or any other man, out
of the Democratic party. But, on the contrary,
that I only desired to say that my position was
that of the unfortunate wight who, finding himself
in one of our western hotels, and being supplied
with a beverage, enjoined the waiter if that were
coffee to bring him tea, and if that were tea to
bring him coffee, but that he would have no more
of that. That is what I intended to say. I did
not intend to say that I was a Whig, or a Free-
Soiler, or an Abolitionist; but that if the senti-
ments expressed by the gentleman from Maryland
were Democracy, I belonged to some other politi-
cal party. I then went on to say something upon
the subject of the Union, and the interference with
State rights, and that I had no superstitious devo-
tion for the Union; and, sir, I have none. The
Union was formed to promote the happiness and
prosperity of the whole people, and when it is
used by a reckless majority as the means of op-
pression—when a majority seeks to interfere with
the exercise of the civil or religious rights of the
States, I am then for coming out of the Union—
peaceably if we can, violently if we must.
i OUR DOMESTIC POLICST.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
Monday, December 9, 1850,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the reference of the President's Mes-
sage.
i Mr. GIDDINGS said, that from the commence-
ment of the Government, it had been the practice
to discuss the political character of the President's
message, on motion to refer it to the several ap-
propriate committees.
! I am (said he) the more anxious to avail myself
of the present occasion to speak of that portion
which relates to our domestic policy, in conse-
quence of the rumors which inform us that the
present fugitive law is not to be repealed or dis-
! cussed at this session of Congress. That portion
of the message which relates to our domestic poli-
cy will be read with great interest throughout the
country; and while I agree with a portion of the
message, there are embraced in it some matters
which I am unwilling should go to the country
tacitly indorsed by my silence.
For the frankness and candor with which the
President avows his positions upon the most in-
teresting questions now agitating the public mind,
I tender him my thanks. It was due to himself,
to his political friends, and to the country, that
i his views on these questions should be distinctly
