1850.]
APPENDIX TQ THE GQNGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Our Bometiic Policy—Mr. Guldings.
Hq. or Reps.
present Secretary of State, in a correspondence
with ourMinister at London, substantially avowed
it to be the duty of this Government to protect
•outhern slave-dealers while pursuing their voca-
tion. This doctrine, coming from a Massachu-
setts man, inspired his successor (Mr. Upshur) to
maintain the same principles while advocating the
annexation of Texas in 1843. Up to 1841,1 re-
peat, that " non-interference between master and
slave" was the doctrine of the North and of the
South, of Whigs and of Democrats.
It is true that our slaveholding Presidents at
times lent their powers silently to uphold slavery;
but ho officer of Government ever avowed it the
duty of Congress, or the Executive, thus to inter-
fere, until the present Secretary of State put forth
that construction in 1841. I repeat, that, from the
day of adopting the Constitution until A. E>. 1841,
the doctrine of " non-interference with slavery in
the States" was never denied, to my knowledge,
by any public man in this nation; and no member
of this body ever attempted to overthrow it by i
argument, unlil the last session of Congress. To
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] not
now in his seat, belongs the honor of being the
member of this House who boldly and publicly !
demanded that the powers and energies of this
Government should be prostituted to the support
of slavery. The President and his Cabinet may
adopt this new theory-—but the people of the North i
will repudiate it.
The message further says: " The late is the only
turn protection of the weak, and the only efficient re-
straint upon the strong." This, sir, is said with
direct reference to this fugitive slave law, to in-
duce the people to execute it. It would seem that
the President intended to see how far he could
impose upon the intelligence of the public. Sir,
what protection does this law lend to the poor,
weak, oppressed, degraded slave, whose flesh haa
often quivered under the lash of his inhuman
owner, whose youth haa been spent in labor for
another, whose intellect has been, nearly blotted
out? When he seeks an asylum in a land of free-
dom, this worse than barbarous law sends the of-
ficers of Government to chase *him down—to
carry him back to chains and suffering. Thepeo-
ple are constrained to become his pursuers. Fam-
ishing and fainting, he drags his weary limbs for-
ward, while the whole power of the Government
under the President's command, the Army and
Navy, and all the freemen of the land, are on his
track, to drag him back to bondage, under this j
law. And this law, the President tells us, is the
only sure protection to that miserable slave. Does |
the President intend to insult our intelligence? Or <
did he mean to insert in this grave document a
satire upon this barbarous law? j
Sir, there is not a man in this body, there is not |
an intelligent man in the free States, but knows,
if he delivers a fugitive into the custody of his
pursuers, that he will be carried back ana sold to
the far South; and, ordinarily, his life will be
sacrificed in five years, if employed on the sugar
plantations, and in seven years on the cotton plan-
tations. The men of the North look upon this '
as murder, and would as soon turn out and cut the :
throat of the defenceless negro as to send him
back to be scourged to deaui. As soon would
they do this as comply with a law which violates
every principle of humanity, and consigns the
fugitive to a lingering death by a slow torture of
five or seven years. The common law holds him
who aids in a murder as guilty as he who strikes
the knife to the heart of the victim. Under our
law, a man is hanged if he fails to prevent a mur-
der when it is plainly within, his power -to do so. :
Such a man is held guilty of the act, and he is , i
hanged accordingly.
And will any one suppose that he who assists ,
in arresting and sending a fugitive slave to torture
and death, will be less guilty than he under whose
lash the victim expires?
Sir, I have compared this capture of a fugitive
to a common murder. In doing that I do injustice.'
to the common murderer. To capture a slave and
send him to the South to die under a torture of j
five years, is far more criminal than ordinary mur-
der, inasmuch as it adds the guilt of torture to the
erime of murder.
Sirrwe will not commit this crime. Let me say
to the President, no power of Government can
compel us to involve ourselves in such guilt. No!
The freemen of Ohio will never turn out to chase
the panting fugitive—they will never be metamor-
phosed into blood-hounds, to track him to his
hiding-place, and seize and drag him out, and de-
liver him, to his tormentors. They may be shot
down; the cannon and bayonet and sword may
do their work upon them-; they may drown the
fugitives in the blood of freemen; but never will
freemen stoop to the degradation of catching
slaves.
Let no man tell me there is no higher law than
this fugitive bill. We feel there is a law of right,
a law of justice-, of freedom, implanted in the
breast of every intelligent human being, that bids
him look with scorn upon this miscalled law.
Sir, I was about to make some comparisons, but
perhaps they may be regarded as indelicate. I,
however, sliall not hesitate to speak truth. Du-
ring last Summer, two distinguished gentlemen of
the same name occupied much of the puhlic atten-
tion. One was said to have committed murder,
and the other to have procured the passage of this
law.. One was hanged for his crime; the other, for
his efforts, taken to the Executive Cabinet. One
destroyed the life of an individual, the other con-
tributed his influence for the passage of this law,
which, if executed, must consign hundreds, per-
haps thousands, to premature graves. I, sir, can-
not speak for others; but for myself, I would rather
meet my final Judge with the guilt of him who has
gone to his last account resting upon my soul, than
that of him who sits in yonder Cabinet.. Sir, do
you, or does any one conceive that it is less, crimi-
nal to take the life of one of those fugitives than it
would be to slay any other individual ? Is not he
who gives his voice and influence from yonder
Cabinet, for the murder of those people, as guilty
as he would be to lend his voice and influence for
the murder of others? Shall men in high stations,
fi;om ambitious, from corrupt motives, lend them-
selves to the degradation, tne destruction, of hun-
dreds, nay, thousands, of human beings, and yet
be shielded from animadversion by their political
position ? Has it come to this, that place and power
are to be regarded as exempting their occupants
from moral guilt, fcom responsibility both here,
and hereafter?
An idea appears to exist in. some minds, that
obedience, to an act of Congress., however criminal
that act may be, cannot involve the persdn who
thus obeys the law in any moral guilt. In other
words, they appear to think that if under this fugi-
tive law they, drive the famishing slave from their
doors to perish with cold and hunger,, or if they
Beige him, place the fetters upon his limbs, and
drag him to bondage to be massacred under the
lash, to be murdered by slow torture, they will,
when called to their final account, plead this enact-
ment in bar of Omnipotent Justice.
That kind of theology I leave to those teachers
who preach, sermons and -write pamphlets and
newspaper essays in defence of this law—to those
divines who hold that we, the members of Congress,
possess the power to step between God ana our
fellow-creatures, and authorize them to disregard
His command and to commit crimes at which all
the feelings of our nature revolt. Such teachings
may have been received as orthodox in the ninth,
but they will be rejected in the nineteenth century.
Why, sir, no man, not even the slaveholders,
will deny that the fugitive himself has the same
natural and inalienable right to his liberty that
either of us possess; that it is his duty to maintain
and defend that right whenever it shall be in his
power to do so; that it is his duty to escape if he can;
that if while making his way to a land of freedom
the master interpose, and he has no other possible
vM.y of escape than to slay his master, he is bound
by every obligation to himself and his offspring to
resort to that extremity. He has no right tamely
to surrender up the liberty with which God has
endowedhim, and to consign .his offspring in all
coming time to degrading servitude. Our people
so advise the fugitives; and the fugitives are gener-
ally armed, and prepared to receive their pursuers;
and I am informed that one of them, when hard
Er eased recently, shot one of those human blood-
ounds dead, and wounded another, and then went
on his way. Sir, tec all feel that he did right—that
tee would have done the same thing had we been in his
situation.
Some months since, there were said to be fifteen
thousand fugitives from labor within the free States,
including men, women, and children; many of
them were bom and educated among us. These
men with their wives and their little ones were in
the enjoyment of domestic life. Most of them
had acquired or were in the way of obtaining
sufficient real and personal property to insure them
the necessaries, and even ^uiy of the luxuries,
of life. They were educating $heir children, and
becoming intelligent and useful members of com-
munity. Many of them belonged to our various
churches, and maintained an orderly and Christian
deportment.
Against these inoffensive people, the President
and Congress have waged a barbarous and unre-
lenting war. We have required our. officers and
the freemen of the North, when called on, to seize
them; to drag them from their firesides, their
homes, their friends, their schools and churches,
their lands, and their flocks and herds; to separate
husbands and wives, parents and children, and
consign them indiscriminately to all the horrors of
slavery and of the slave trade. I hesitate not to
say that for its barbarity that law is unequalled in
the history of civilized legislation. Is there a re-
I fleeting man who will pretend that this barbarous
> enactment imposes upon those people any moral
duty to obey it? Will preachers of righteousness
tell them to submit, to let the slave dealer rivet the
chains upon the father, tear the mother from her
( children, and doom her to a life of wretchedness?
Will such preachers advise the daughter peacefully
, to surrender herself into the hands of slave-hunters,
and submit to a life of pollution and shame ? And
will such men be called promoters of holiness and
j purity ? I trust there are few such teachers in
this American land. Sir, all good men must
detest this law. God has no attribute which will
permit him to look upon it except with abhor-
rence.
Yet the President assures us that it ought not
to be repealed, that it should be kept in- force;
that these outrages should and ought to continue;
that he regards this law as a final settlement of
the slave question; and that it is wrong further to
agitate the subject. Vain advice. Agitation will
never cease until the law ceases. While such
crimes are authorized by statute, the American
people will not keep silence,
The President, referring to the bill surrendering
to Texas and to slavery fifty thousand square
miles of free territory; and paying her >10,000,000,
and that allowing slavery to be extended over
New Mexico and Utah, and to this fugitive law,
says: " I believed those measures to have been
necessary, and required by the circumstances and
condition of the country.
I rejoice, Mr. Chairman, that he has boldly
avowed this fact. Nearly the whole North be-
lieved that he was in heart and conscience opposed
to this bill. Almost every Whig press in the
North said plainly that the President did not favor
this bill, but that he was coerced—that he signed
it by compulsion. That it was the Whig doc-
trine concerning the veto that compelled him to
sign it. The President's views are now before the
country, and he avows his position manfully. He
places himself upon this law; and here 1 wish to
say to the House, that from this time we all know
where the President is. He is in favor of continu-
ing this law; he not only places himself there, but
his Administration and his party must stand or
fall by this law. I rejoice at.it! They must sink
or swim, live or die, stand or fall, with this enact-
ment. We now know where to find the support-
ers of slavery, and the advocates of freedom,
Every man throughout the whole country, at the
North and South, may now take his position,
knowingly, with a full knowledge of the charac-
ter of the party with whom he acts. Those that
support this law, must consent to obey it and to
enforce it, to the letter.
There is no lingering doubt, no difficulty, no
obscurity, resting on the party who supports this
Administration. All the Whigs throughout the
country—(and I speak it with some degree of feel-
ing, for I once had the pleasure of acting with
them, when they had principles; then we avowed
and acted upon the doctrines I have stated to-
day)—all the Whigs throughout the country must
now feel that their unity is gone. They see that
