1961.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
31st Cong 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Rusk and Davis of Massachusetts.
Senate.
If stamped envolop* were authorised to be tarnished by 11
Ike IVpartnwiil, iiki letter* enckwrd in inch envelopa, 1
and pruperly directed, M exceeding the weight which
aught be wut in melt stamped envelops u prepaid letters,
ww allowed 1  be carried on post routes and elsewhere by
private expresses or otherwise, without incurring any pen-
any, the revenues of Mm Department would.'be increased by
the arrangement. This would be a great convenience to
persons residing in different place* between which there is
treqaeut communication by omnibuses, expresses, femes,
or railroad, tender such circumstances persons frequently
sead oat of the mail, not for tlie purpose of saving postage,
bat because they cannot well wait Ibr lite regular uiail con-
veyance.
If this bill passes, it will greatly increase the number of
letters and the labors of this Department. Souie provision
should therefore be made for the employment of additional
eterka in this Department and in the office of the Auditor
for the Department.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
■errant. N. K. HALL, General.
Hon. T. J. Kcai, Ckstrmo* of the Committee
m tU P«U Ojfice amd Poet .Roods, V. S. Senate.
P. 8. I tad, on reading the above since it was copied for
my signature, that 1 have inadvertently omitted to state that
the financial officer of the Department estimates that the
reduction of the revenue from postages on printed matter,
wteeh would result from the adoption of the House rates,
would exceed by $300,000 the reduction which would re-
call from the adoption of the rates recommended in the last
annual report from this Department; thus makingan aggre-
gate difference against the Department of $1,190,000 for the
next fiscal year. N. K. H.
Mr. RUSK continued: So far as I am concerned,
I believe, u I reported to the Senate more than a
year ago, that a uniform rate of letter postage of
two cents, in all cases prepaid, will, in a very few-
years, yield sufficient revenue, especially if there,
were, as there should be, an appropriation out of
the Treasury for the use which the Government
make of the Post Office Department, such as the
franking of communications by members of Con-
gress and heads of Departments. So for as I am
concerned, I am very willing that the Treasury
•bould defray the expenses of the Department<
until a rate of two cents should be found adequate .
to support the Department. I shall, therefore, vote
for the amendment, though I felt it was due to the
Postmaster General, whom I have found to be a
•very intelligent and indefatigable officer, to present
his reasons for a rate of three cents prepaid and
five cents unpaid.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I should be
very glad, for one, to see my way clear, to vote
for a uniform rate of two cents, with prepayment
in all cases. 1 feel, however, some little embar-
rassment when the Department professes to have
rone into the financial examination of this sub-
ject, and to have reached a result by which they
recommend three cents as the lowest rate which
the revenue of the Post Office Department will
bear. I feel myself more friendly to a uniform
rale, and to prepayment in all cases, and I am en-
tirely convinced that when the country have once
a system of that description, and witnessed
its beautiful workings, they will be entirely satis-
fied that it is altogether the best system that has
ever been adopted. I am told that there are ob-
jections in some portions of the country to such
uniform rate, and requiring prepayment in all
■. That certainly is not applicable to my
portion of the country. I would to-morrow, al-
though some little confusion might grow out of it,
be willing to adopt a uniform rate and dismiss all
books from the post office. What is the operation
of it ? The post offices carry a currency of their
own. They propose to issue stamps, and sell
these stamps. They will sell them through per-
sons they appoint, I suppose, and when any per-
son therefore desires to prepay his letter—and if
the law requires it, he must do it—he buys a
quantity of these stamps, he puts them upon the
letters when he sends them to the post office, and
it is as easily done as to put a seal on a letter, or
to wafer it. As soon as it reaches the post office
they deface it at once, so that it can never go into
circulation again.
Now, sir, some persons have "supposed there
may be some inconvenience in doing this. There <
can be none at all among persons of business, '
among those accustomed to use the post offices,
and there will not be the least inconvenience. I
am desirous, for example, to write a letter to my
correspondent on my own affairs, and not on his.
I wish, therefore, to pay the postage both ways
myself. Now, mark how easily it is done. I
put a stamp on the letter which I write, and I put "
a stamp on the inside of the o e which I send to
my correspondent, and thus I pay the postage
each way. Suppose it is a double letter, we may
have stamps of a double character, or, if you do
not happen to have double or triple stamps, you
simplyjiut two or three single stamps on your
letter." There is no inconvenience resulting from this
currency. It works out the greatest possible con-
venience, and I think the country could adopt it
with the greatest satisfaction. I know, as the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices suggests, that if you suddenly stop the
present system, and introduce a new system with
which the public are unacquainted, some little in-
convenience and confusion would follow. But it
seems to be conceded that no great change can
be worked without some inconvenience.
Sir, I will not enter into the financial view of
this subject; but our own experience has shown
that when we reduce the rates the correspondence
throughout the country increases; and we have
every reason to believe, both from our own expe-
rience and the experience of other countries that
have adopted a system of this sort, that the in-
stant it is resorted to, and the country discover
how cheaply they can command the post office
service, correspondence increases, and vou are
indemnified in the revenue by the increased matter
which passes through the office. There is every-
thing, in my judgment, to recommend a system
of this sort, and to commend it to a fair and dis-
creet trial in the country. I have been anxious,
from the first efforts made here to reform postage
rates, to change the rate of payments. I have
been anxious to come at once to some system of
this sort, and to some uniform rate, and I would
insist on prepayment in all cases, and I would
give the currency I have adverted to, in order to
make it convenient to everybody. I think you
would get revenue enough. I think the country
would be satisfied with it. These are considera-
tions which are impressed on my mind, and which
I felt anxious to see embraced by the country.
But I hope that the Senator from New York will,
out of deference to the opinion of the Department
and the condition of the finances, let the rate of
three cents stand. The Department say they will
struggle with it and get on with it. I will meet
them in the spirit of compromise, for that seems
to be the fashion of the day. I will meet them
on that ground. I would be glad to see a uniform
rate of prepayment. I do not see much twrecom-
mend an increased rate on unpaid letters. What
would be the effect ? Suppose a man chooses to
write to me, and does not pay the postage, al-
though it may be on his own affairs and his own
business; he is not punished. The recipient of
the letter is punished ; and that will turn out to
be the case in about nine times out of ten. If you
raise the rate on unpaid letters in order to inflict
some slight penalty, you infliet it on the individ-
ual who takes the letter from the office instead of
him who sends it. You inflict the penality on the
wrong man. You do not place the penalty on j
the right shoulders; and I do not see much to rec- j
ommend a system of that sort, nor do I perceive
that there is anything to recommend the discrimi- i
nation proposed. I believe the English havesome ;
such principle, but I do not wish to see it adopted '
here. I would be very glad if this motion of the
Senator from New York was drawn in a form in ;
which I could give it my support. I should be
very glad to aid in establishing a uniform rate of
three cents.
Mr. SMITH. It seems to me that it is desira-
ble to limit the gentlemen to the precise question
we have before us. The question is, whether we
shall or shall not cut down the postage of letters
to a uniform rate of two cents? The bill from tbe
House proposes a uniform rate of three cents, and
makes an appropriation of no less than one million
five hundred thousand dollars to make up any de-
ficiency that there may be in the revenue of the
Post Office Department in consequence of the re-
duction. The honorable Senator from Texas has
proposed a substitute, making the rates three cents
for prepaid letters, and five cents for unpaid let-
ters. This, he tells us, will, in his judgment, and
in the judgment of ine Postmaster General, be
adequate to meet the expenses of the Department,
and therefore he does not propose any appropria-
tion of a million and a half of dollars.
The honorable Senator fro* New York, how-
ever, now proposes the rate of two cents to be
prepaid, but does not tell us what appropriation
would be necessary in order to meet the deficiency
in the revenues of the Department, which may ac-
crue in consequence of it. Undoubtedly it will be
more than a million and a half of dollars. I pre-
sume it will be necessary, if we adopt the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from New York,
to make an appropriation of not less than two
millions of dollars in order to cover the deficiency
that will certainly accrue in the revenues of the
Department. For one, I am decidedly in favor
of cheap postage on the one hand, and on the other
1 am for supporting the Department out of the
revenues that will accrue from postage on letters,
newspapers, &c. I would not insist, however, in
this business of reduction, that the revenues in the
very first instance should be adequate to meet the
expenses of the Department. If we had reason to
believe that they would become adequate within
any reasonable period of time, I might be prepared
to support the measure of reduction that is pro-
posed by my honorable friend from New York.
But I am not prepared to agree to this most enor-
mous reduction. I do not believe that the reve-
nues of the Department would be adequate to sup-
port it for years to come at that rate. It must be
recollected that our present postage is ten cents for
a letter for any distance exceeding three hundred
miles, and five cents for all distances under that.
It is now proposed to bring down the postage on
letters to the very low rate of two cents for any
distance, no matter how great; not only for the
transportation of letters within the United States;
not only when the transportation of letters is by
land, but also in all the cases where it is by sea.
The rate will comprehend letters transmitted to
Oregon and to California, where, I venture to say,
the actual cost of transportation will be altogether
more than the rate proposed by my honorable
friend from New York. If we recur to the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, which I now
hold in my hand, we will find, that for the next
fiscal year the estimates of the deficit in the
revenues of the Government are no less than
$865,966 19. To this Jie says is to be added the
interest on the stock to be issued in favorof Texas,
and that amount of stock, as we all know, is ten
millions of dollars; making the deficit estimated by
the Secretary of the Treasury for the next fiscal
year about a million and a half of dollars. Now,
if we pass this bill as it comes to us from the
House, we add another million and a half of dol-
lars, making a deficit of three millions. And I
venture to say, that if we pass the bill from the
House making those land warrants assignable
which we have issued as bounties to those who
have been engaged in the various wars of the coun-
try since the commencement of the present century,
we shall lose every dollar of revenue which is to
accrue from the public lands, which in the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury is estimated for
the next fiscal year at $1,600,000. All that would
be swept away; and then, if we pass this bill as it
comes from the House, there is to be added an
appropriation of a million and a half of dollars;
and how much more is to be added in the event of
the sweeping reduction proposed by the honorable
Senator from New York, I know not. But I do
I not believe the Treasury is in a condition to justify
this most enormous reduction of postage. I am
in favor of cheap postage. I am in favor of a
very considerable reduction, but I am for proceed-
ing in this business of reduction with caution,
making it no further than the condition of the
Treasury would authorize. It would seem to me
that the measure proposed by my honorable friend
from Texas is a proper measure—a reduction to
three cents, in all cases where the postage is pre-
paid, and five cents where it is not prepaid; ma-
i King a distinction, as I believe the substitute does,
1 between cases where the mails are transported by
land and where they are transported through a
• foreign country in part, and partly by sea; or, in
other words, requiring, in the cases of California
and Oregon, some addition to the rates, in consid-
eration of the very great expense which the Gov-
ernment is obliged to incur in order to perform the
service between those parts of the country and
other sections of the Union. It would seem to
me, therefore, that the amendment proposed by
I my honorable friend from Texas is a judicious
