260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 18,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Hamlin, Dayton, and Seward.
Senate.
amendment; that it is a safe and proper amend-
ment; that under it the revenues of the Depart-
ment will probably be adequate to cover all the
expenses; and therefore I am decidedly in favor
of'it, and not iff favor of the bill as it came from
the House, nor in favor of the amendment of the
Senator from New York.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had made some investiga-
tion of this subject, and had prepared myself with
certain figures, which I desired to have presented
to the Senate, or rather to state to the Senate the
conclusions I had drawn from facts which I had
examined. It is neither wise nor expedient, in
my judgment, to address the Senate at this late
hour of its session in long speeches. I forego,
therefore, the views which I proposed to present.
But, inasmuch as I design to vote for the amend-
ment which has been offered by the Senator from
New York, I desire to state briefly the reasons
which will control my vote.
I am in favor of maintaining the Post Offioe De-
partment as a separate branch of the Government,
as a general principle, from its own revenues. I
would not fasten it on the Treasury. I would
not make it dependent on the Treasury for its
support as a general system; and while I adopt
that rule, I would not shrink from imposing a
slight burden temporarily on the Treasury for a
good reason. In my judgment the Department
should pay for the services they receive, and until
these very few years past, all matter which prop-
erly belonged to the General Government, as
every Senator knows, was transmitted through
the Post Office Department free of charge. Now,
it is working no injustice to the people of the
whole country for them to contribute to the sup-
port of this Department, to pay for the postage of !
the General Government. Nor, is it working any
injustice to them if we should ask of them to pay
for Tyhat they have already received. Memorials
have poured in upon us from every section of this
country. I do not know how numerous they
may be. I do not know that the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
could tell us that. They are almost like sands
upon the sea-shore. They come from every hill-
top and every valley. There is no subject upon
which there has been so decided and so general an
expression of public sentiment through the medi-
um of petition as upon that which relates to cheap
postage. What have they askedThey have
asked, I believe almost uniformly, a rate of two
cents prepaid postage. The substitute of the i
Senatorfrom Texas proposes nothing of the kind.
It proposes a rate of three cents on prepaid, and
five cents on unpaid letters. i
I am in favor of adopting the amendment which '
the Senator from New York has offered, because
I believe within a very limited period of years it ;
will yield a revenue adequate to the support of the
Post Office Department. I have already stated the
reasons why I think the Treasury should con-
tribute to produce that result to a limited extent,
and for a temporary period. i
I think the history of the penny postage system '
in Great Britain should not be lost upon us, and
that Senators should not be alarmed or have their
fears excited that we are throwing this Department
upon the Treasury, by establishing here as low a
rate as that which is in operation in Great Britain. ;
The mercantile community, all classes of our peo-
ple in fact, are as competent as the English to see
the advantages of the cheap postage system. And
whatever may be true of that system will be more
than true here. The system that has been found
to effect such great results there, may, in my
opinion, be relied upon with the utmost safety
here. I remember, too, very well the humble part
I took in effecting the reduction of postage in the
other branch of the National Legislature, when it
was reduced from the old to the present rates; and
I think I may say truly that precisely the same
state of alarm existed then in the minds of those
who were called upon to act in relation to cheap
postage that now exists. That result has proved
that low rates of postage, which did not at first
yield a revenue adequate to the support of the
Department, has already began to yield a surplus.
This bill originally proposed prospectively to
giTe the Postmaster General power, whenever the
revenue should sufficiently increase, to reduce the
rate from three cents to two cents. But that pro-
vision has been stricken out. The bill then stands
without any discretionary power being vested in
the Postmaster General, and if we establish the
rates which are specified, my word for it you will
have the same routine, you will have the same
process to go over again in relation to this whole
matter. I think the public mind is already settled,
that if a system of very cheap postage can be sup-
ported in England, it can be supported here. And
the evidence which is furnished to us in relation
to our own recent reduction of postage comes with
the full force for a farther reduction. In my judg-
ment it is vastly better at once, by a single rate,
to establish that system which is so much desired,
and which I think will be agitated until it is ac-
complished, than to adopt it at different periods of
time, and subject the whole legislation of the
country to these periodical perplexities on re-
vising the system, 1 will not say annual, but at
periods of every two or three years distant from
each other.
These are the reasons which will control my vote,
but I will not elaborate upon them. I had looked
into the subject carefully, and there are calcula-
tions in figures, I think, which would serve to sat-
isfy many at least of the feasibility of the pro-
posed reduction, but I do not design to trespass
on the time of the Senate for the purpose of pre-
senting them. I have stated only the reasons
which will control me in the vote I shall give.
Mr. DAYTON. I concur entirely in the recom-
mendations which have been made on different
sides of the Chamber, that it is desirable to lower
our rates of postage, keeping at the same time the
standard sufficiently high to enable the Depart-
ment to approximate at least to support itself.
We have been referred to the system of postage in
Great Britain, where I believe postage is limited to
one penny, which is equal to about two cents pre-
paid, and they have an addition for unpaid letters,
a higher rate of postage. Now, three cents pre-
paid, as a rate of postage in this country, when
you recollect the distances over which the corre-
spondence in Great Britain passes as compared
with the greater distance in this country, is less
than a penny there. That system is confined to
England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, I think.
It has no reference, I take it for granted, to the
colonial possessions of Great Britain.
If you adopt, therefore, the English rule, and
test this bill by their standard, you will find that
three cents is a less rate of postage than that now
in fore? in Great Britain. The House bill pro-
poses a uniform rate of postage of three cents,
while in Great Britain, as I before said, on unpaid
letters the standard is still higher. This accounts,
therefore, in some measure, for the view which
has been taken by the Department here of the
propriety of raising the amount to be paid on un-
paid letters. It seems to me there is a propriety
in that view of the case.
Although I would be willing, as a matter of
experiment, to vote for the bill of the House, the
amendment of the Senator from New York strikes
me as anomalous in all its aspects. His amend-
ment is to reduce the rate of postage to two cents
uniformly, and in the event of the money not be-
ing paid the letter is not to be carried. That I
understand to be the amendment. It strikes me
there are reasons which would suggest themselves
to the mind of every one why it should not be
adopted. Our business men in our commercial
cities may soon adapt themselves to any rule or
any standard we may choose to lay down, but it
will be a very long time before the great masses,
who are scattered from one extent of this great
country to another, can adapt themselves to it.
Besides, there is a positive propriety in permitting
an individual to mail a letter on the business of
another man, giving the man for whose benefit it
is a right to pay. I write to a friend on my busi-
ness. That friend, under the operation of this
amendment, cannot answer my letter unless he,
forsooth, pays the postage. No letter is to be
carried, according totheamendmentof the Senator
from New York, unless he who mails it shall pre-
pay the postage. It seems to ine there are obvi-
ous objections to the adoption of that amendment.
It is perfectly evident, fronwur past experience in
this country, that all the business community will
soon adapt themselves to any rule we may think
proper to lay down. If, therefore, we adopt a
uniform system of three cents for prepaid letters*
and five cents for unpaid letters, the commercial
men will soon conform to it. They will very soon
use the stamps referred to by the Senator from
Massachusetts. We have seen this in the recent
change which we have made. How many letters
do we now receive that do not come in an envel-
op ? And yet five years ago such a thing as an
envelop was considered rather a luxury—some-
thing of an aristocracy. When correspondence
was paid by the piece, that was the case; but since
we changed that system, and correspondence is
paid for by the weight, the whole business part of
the community conform to it, and now there is
hardly a letter that we receive that does not come
in two pieces of paper—one the letter and the
other an envelop. And if we adopt the system
of permitting letters to be paid by postage stamps,
business men will very soon conform to it.
There is a propriety, therefore, it seems to me,
in making some distinction between cash payment
and credit payment. It is a system conforming to
business operations all over the world. He who
pays cash in advance gets the article a little cheaper
than he who gets it on credit. I submit, there-
fore, while I would be perfectly willing to take the
bill of the House, and while I have no objection
to the amendment of the Senator from Texas, that,
in the event of the money not being prepaid, there
should be a little addition to the rates of postage,
and two cents is no great addition. We are ma-
king a great stride in the matter. We are reducing
the rates of postage one half. Instead of the pres-
ent rates of ten cents and five cents, we propose
to reduce them five cents and three cents. For a
single step, it is a great one, and we ought to look
into this matter, not hastily, but carefully.
The bill passed by the House will unquestion-
ably reduce the revenue of the Department very
largely; but still we may adopt it, and conform
ourselves to the general views and wishes of the
Eeople at large; for upon no single subject which
as been presented to the consideration of Con-
gress for the last few years has there been such a
general expression of public sentiment in reference
to the propriety of adopting it, as upon this subject
of cheap postage. I go for it, therefore, with all
my heart; but it seems to me that the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York proposes
to make too great a reduction.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed, and the Senate adjourned.
Tuesday, February 18, 1851.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill, the question
being on Mr. Seward's amendment, viz;
" Stnke out of the first section the words ' three cents
when the postage upon such letter shall have been prepaid,
and five cents when the postage thereon shall not have
been,' and insert the words 'two cents to be in all cases'
before the word " prepaid.' "
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to notice very briefly
the objections which have been taken to this
amendment. I understand it to be the desire of
the Committees on the Post Office in both Houses
of Congress, and the general desire of Congress
itself, to give the country the benefit of a system
of cheap postage. I have proposed the amend-
ment for the purpose of carrying that intention
into effect. I do not believe the system proposed
by either committee accomplishes the object of
of cheap postage, certainly not the one proposed
by the committee of the Senate, which is five cents
postage on unpaid letters and three cents on pre-
paid letters. The postage which has been adopt-
ed in Great Britain is cheap postage. It is a post-
age of two cents. The honorable Senator from
New Jersey very properly drew the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the amendment I pro-
posed would have the effect of giving to the people
of the United States of America a rate of postage
as low as that which is given to the people of
Great Britain. But the honorable Senator thought
it was impossible, for the reason, as he said, that
the distances which the mails must be transported
through this great empire so far exceeded those
within the islands of Great Britain. But if the
honorable Senator had recurred to the fact of the
increased means of cheapening transportation
by lines of steamboats and railroads, he would
have found that we are quite as able to afford to
