1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
31st Cong 2p Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Borland, Chase, Dayton, fyc.
Senate.
answer it, I merely deal with the aggregate
figures, and I show that the post office, instead of
being a charge on the revenues derived from other
sources, has not merely supported itself, but has
actually paid into the Treasury the sum of nearly
five millions of dollars.
Mr. BORLAND. Perhaps the Senator did not
understand me exactly, or he might have been
able to answer my question* The object he seems
to have in view is to show that the reduction of
the rates of postage in Great Britain has led to an
increased amount of revenue, and that the same
thing will take place in the United States. The
object of my inquiry was to ascertain what was
the extent of the increase of mail service during
that period in Great Britain, for the purpose of
calling the attention of the Senate to the fact, that
in my opinion there was not in Great Britain that
demand for increase of mail service which there is
here, and that the mail service there did not in-
crease in proportion that it increases in the United
States. There is a constant and great demand for
the increase of the mail service in this country,
owing to the extension of the settlements of our
country, and the increase of our population.
Mr. CHASE. 1 believe I apprehend correctly
the tenor of the honorable Senator's inquiry. I
am not prepared with any statistics to show the
precise extent of the increase of the mail service in
Great Britain. I have no doubt, however, that it
has increased very largely, and they have increased
in one direction very largely indeed—that is, in
bringing the conveyance of the mail to the door of
every family throughout the whole United King-
dom. Their delivery system is very different
from ours. Instead of obliging the whole popu-
lation to go to the post office, every man is sought
and found, and the letter which is addressed to
him is put into his hands. If the party to whom
the letter is addressed is at another place, it is sent ,
to him from point to point until they find the 1
party to whom it is addressed, and this is done I
without additional charge. In these ways the
mail service there is very largely increased.
But we have been told that the expense in Great
Britain is less than in this country. I made an
observation a few moments ago on that point, and
I wish to say what the effect is in regard to that
matter. In 1848 the cost of the British transporta-
tion over the American was $218,993, or ten per
cent. The cost of the management of the English
Post Office in 1849 was $7,000,000 and upwards,
whilst the cost of the management of the American
Post Office was only $4,470,049. The cost of the
management of the American Post Office was less
than the British by S2,537,201.
Mr. President, I have not the slightest doubt, j
from my examination of the subject, which is not
recent—for many years since I gave a very careful '
consideration to this whole subject—that if the two
cent rate of postage, prepaid in all cases, shall be
adopted by Congress, the result will be infinitely
more auspicious to the Treasury than the adoption
of the mixed rate of three cents prepaid and five
cents unpaid. I prefer the three cent rate to the
mixed rate; but if we have a two cent rate, we will
much better satisfy the people at large, and cer-
tainly do better for the Treasury of the country.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, the statement
made by the Senator from Ohio strikes me as some-
what singular, if he intended to apply the state-
ment to remarks previously made by me. I stated
that the transporting of a letter throughout this
country, throughout its vast extent, at three cents,
was as cheap as the cost of transporting a letter in
Great Britain, through its more limited area, at
two cents. The gentleman seems to take issue on
that, and he proves his point by taking the aggre-
gate amount paid for transportation in GreatBrit-
ain, and the aggregate amount paid for transporta-
tion in this country. That does not prove it at all.
You must take the aggregate amount of matter
transported likewise, or it proves nothing. I merely
wish to call the attention of the Senator from Ohio
to the fact.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I think that no
illustration of this subject is afforded by a refer-
ence to the English postage system. As has been
very well remarked by the Senator from New Jer-
 ey, it is known that the area of the islands of
Great Britain is very circumscribed when com-
- pared with the area of the United States over
which our mails are to be transported. It throws
no light upon the subject to show that England, at
a charge of one penny per letter, has been able to
maintain her postal system. It is undoubtedly
true, that as the extent over which the mails are
transported is increased, the cost of transportation
is increased. The carrying of letters from Lon-
don to Liverpool, a distance of a little over two \
hundred miles, would cost much less than the car-
rying of letters from London to Edinburgh, which
is a little over double the distance. Much stronger
is the argument here. It would be an easier thfng
to transport letters from this place to New York,
and to a corresponding distance South, than to
Portland, in Maine, or to St. Augustine, in Flori-
da, or to New Orleans. As the distance increases,
of course the cost of carriage is increased, and it
is to that matter we should look. Undoubtedly
the cost of transportation is increased; for, as the
distance grows larger, more time is required, where
steam is used more fuel is required, and a greater
amount of wages must be paid to the hands em-
ployed in transportation.
Now, it will not do to compare this country
with England in relation to the postal system, and
any argument drawn from the policy England has I
been able to carry out, is fallacious entirely. I yen- I
ture to say that, taking distances into account, a
three cent postage rate here is cheaper than a two
cent postage rate in England. It undoubtedly is so.
Mr. CHASE. I have not undertaken to show,
that the cost of transporting a single letter from I
New York to San Francisco is as little as the cost 1
of transporting a letter from London to Liverpool;, j
and of course, if the Senator from New Jersey j _n(j
j meant merely to say that the cost in the one case
is greater than in the other, I have no issue to
make with him. I believe it is so.
I Mr. RUSK. I do hope we shall be able to get
| a vote on the amendment. This question has
been before Congress for some time, and I think
it would be safe to presume that the Senate have in-
which I have offered by inserting in the first sec-
tion of it, after the word " distance," the words
" between places," so as to make it read, "For
every single letter, &c., for any distance between
places within the United States, three cents when
the postage shall have been prepaid," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now move to insert before ths
word " three cents," in the same Bection, the words
" not exceeding three thousand miles," so that it
shall read,
" For every single letter, fcc., conveyed in the mail, for
any distance between places within the United States not
exceeding three thousand miles, three cents, when the post-
age upon such letter shall have been prepaid, and five cents
when the postage thereon shall not have been prepaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move now to insert after the
provision regulating the rates of postage the fol-
lowing:
" And for any distance exceeding three thousand milts
double those rates."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, i move now to strike out the
words " or through" in the following clause: "for
every single letter or paper when conveyed wholly
or in part by sea, and to, from, (or through,) a
foreign country," &c.; and also to insert between
the word " to" and the word " from," the word
"or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. There is a provision in the first
section making the postage on foreign letters for
any distance over two thousand five hundred miles
fifteen cents. I move to strike out'"fifteencents"
insert "twenty cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the second
section .of the substitute of the Senator from
Texas, by adding at the end of it the following
proviso:
" Provided, That in all cases where newspapers shall
not contain over three hundred square inches they may be
  . j .. , A . . . -   r immireu pquarc uiviieH uiey may ne
vestigated it, and that there is some intelligence' transmitted through the mails by the publishers to bona fldo
WAAfllAVfl An * K TM- 1     * . .  SIlhoAnhapa A# AMA iVk«• r* U *U A L... .U .* - II
among Senators on the subject. This morning we
had a debate which would seem to presume that it
was necessary to inform the Senate of the history
of an important matter that transpired only some
sixty or seventy years ago. If we go on debating
this matter to such an extent, drawing comparisons
between the English system and our own—I do
not see a very great comparison between them—
I fear we shall lose the bill. I hope we shall get to
a vote.
Mr. FOOTE. I would have said a word but
for the extraordinary appeal of my friend from
Texas. I have not obstructed his bill, though I
introduced a historical work and read some ex-
tracts from it this morning. It is exceedingly im-
portant that the history of our country should not
, be misunderstood; and inasmuch as I had stated
certain important historical facts, and knowing
that authentic works were at hand when my state-
ment was called in question, I felt bound to make
good what I previously declared. The whole Sen-
ate, I am sufe, will justify me in that. If my
friend, by the aid of his excellent memory, will
, glance back through that debate, he will see that
< there were reasons why the history of those im-
portant events should be brought out.
Last Summer I recollect that I supplied my
friend at a late period of the debate on an import-
ant question, when the subject had been under
discussion for a month or six weeks, with a very
, ancient Roman work, Livy, or rather Baker's
translation of it, and he read, I think, a page or
two on a very important question connected with
the true boundaries of Texas. [Laughter.] I
think, therefore, my friend should be the last man
in the Senate to complain of my reading history.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Seward by yeas and nays, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Dickinson, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Hamlin, Seward, and Walker—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Cass, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis rtf Mississippi, Dawion, Day-
ton, Downs, Ewing, Felch, Foote, Greene, Houston, Hun-
ter, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Ho nil', Sprnance, Sturgeon,
I Turney, Underwood, Upham, Whitcomb, and Yulee—41.
j So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the substitute
subscribers at one fourth the rate fixed by this act."
I will state in a very few words the reasons
which induce me to offer that amendment. It is
known to many Senators that in the section of
country where I reside, we have a large number
of small papers for youths, for Sabbath schools,
and for a variety of other purposes, which are not
much larger than a sheet of letterpaper. They
are published in great numbers. They are trans-
mitted from the place of publication, through all
New England at least, by private conveyances.
They are very small. They may be made to go
through the mails by fixing the rate of postage I
have prescribed, ana yield some revenue to the
Post Office Department. Under the rates estab-
lished by the bill, they will not go into the mail.
If my amendment be adopted, these small papers
will go into the mail, and although they will pay
but one fourth as much postage as the others, they
will relatively pay twice as much as the large
papers. They will pay ten cents a year, and this,
I apprehend, will make some addition to the rev-
enue. These are my reasons for offering the
amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I have seen a number of these
little papers. They are very useful, and I regret
that my amendment did not provide for them. I
shall therefore cheerfully sustain the amendment
of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I had prepared an amend-
ment on this subject, and I will suggest it, in order
that it may come in contrast with that offered by
the Senator from Maine.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
what w« did yesterday. In the second section an
amendment was made yesterday striking out two
ounces and inserting three ounces. That will pro-
vide for newspapers of the largest class. A few
moments since I weighed several papers. I
weighed, for instance, the " Daily Tribune,"
which is a double sheet, and found it to weigh less
than two ounces. Now, by the amendment ex-
tending it to three ounces, yt>u provide for the
very largest class of newspapers in the United
States. In fact, I doubt very much whether there
is a newspaper that would weigh three ounces.
The effect of that is, that you put the small coun-
try newspapers on the same footing that you put
the large city papers, and those seeking to obtain
