26 i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Hamlin, Seicard, fyc.
Senate.
subscribers for the city papers will tell the people
that they will have to pay the same postage on the
little country paper as on the city paper double or
treble its size. This gives an advantageto the city
paper over a little village paper.
Now, the amendment which I had prepared was
to say that when papers weighed less than an ounce
and a half, the rate should be one half less than
those provided for in the bill. It seems tome that
would be right. The provision, as it now stands,
reads:
" That all newspapers not exceeding three ounces in
weight, sent from the office of publication to actual and
bona Jide subscribers, shall be charged with postage as fol-
lows, to wit: the postage on the regular numbers of a
newspaper published weekly, for any distance not exceed-
ing fifty miles,shall be five cents per quarter; for any dis-
tance exceeding fifty miles and not exceeding three hundred
miles, ten cents per quarter; for any distance exceeding
three hundred miles and not exceeding one thousand miles,
fifteen cents per quarter."
These rates are very small, and I am willing to
retain the postage of five cents per quarter where
the distance is less than fifty miles. It is but a
very little tax; it is only twenty cents a year. If
my amendment shall prevail, the little village
newspapers will circulate for ten cents a year
within fifty miles, and that is almost the extent of
their circulation; one hundred miles, I venture to
say, would include the circulation of more than j
one half these little village papers in my section of |
the country. As the Senate has undertaken to
amend the section by allowing newspapers to go
for the rates provided if they weigh three ounces,
I hope the Senate will amend the section by say-
ing that only half these rates shall be paid when
the paper weighs but an ounce and a half, or less.
It seems to me that the village papers should be
put on a footing to enable them to compete with
the large city papers, and that an advantage should :
not be given to the large city papers, which they
will have if this discrimination be not made. If,
therefore, this amendment would meet the views i
of the gentleman from Maine, I should be very
happy to see.it adopted in preference to his, but I |
do not see that the two conflict. I
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in what the Senator !
from Kentucky has said as to the necessity for a
distinction between country and city papers. But
the class of papers that I design to reach by this
amendment are a grade much smaller. When the
amendment was offered by the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] in relation to the weight
of newspapers, and extending the rates to news-
papers weighing three ounces, I was not aware of
it. I will go cheerfully with the Senator from
Kentucky in making another distinction—a dis-
tinction between the overgrown mammoth city
papers and those of ordinary size. The Senator
says that he weighed the Tribune, and found it to
weigh less than two ounces. If the bill provides
that newspapers are to be weighed when dry, the
Senator from Kentucky will doubtless accomplish
his object by fixing the weight at an ounce and a
half; but if newspapers are to be weighed when
wet, I think he ought to say two ounces. I most
cheerfully concur in the object of the Senator,
and he will have the aid of my vote in accom-
plishing it.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the principle which
the Senator from Kentucky wishes to have adopted
will not be carried out by the form which he pro-
poses. He assumes that the country papers are
small, and the city papers are large. The reverse
of that is true of a large portion of the papers of
this country. There are half a dozen papers in
the city of New York of less dimensions, and less
in weight, less everyway, than the couptry papers
which, under this system, it is proposed to favor.
The true way of favoring the country press has
been adopted by the House of Representatives;
that is, to charge a less postage for a small dis-
tance.
I would state, in confirmation of a remark which
I made, that one or two papers in New York, the
New York Herald and the New York Mirror,
would fall within the weight by which the Sen-
ator expects to favor the country press, and yet
those papers have a very extensive circulation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would in-
quire of the chairman of the Post Office Commit-
tee what particular object that committee had in
view in arranging this tariff of prices for newspa-
pers ? I suppose the design was to defray the
expense of receiving, assorting, and delivering.
Now, it is about as much work to receive, assort,
and deliver small papers as large ones. There is no
great difference. The rates in the bill are very rea-
sonable and very moderate. I had supposed, from
remarks which have been occasionally made, that
the publishers of papers themselves desired that
some compensation should be given for the trouble
that is taken at the post office, that they might
have some assurance that the work would be done
faithfully, and done well. If it is found that the
tariff which is fixed in the bill will compensate
for that service, I shall be very reluctant to
| change it.
Mr. RUSK. These small papers were over-
I looked in drawing up this amendment. The ob-
1 ject in view was that which the honorable Senator
, from Massachusetts has stated—to make the
amount received adequate to pay for the trouble
of receiving, assorting, and delivering. But we
had an additional object in view. The mails are
■ now encumbered with printed matter. The last
mail which crossed the Isthmus amounted, I be-
lieve, to upwards of ten thousand pounds. We
arranged the tariff of rates, then, in view of both
the trouble of receiving, counting, and assorting,
and the expense thrown on the mails by encum-
bering them with printed matter.
I have seen many of the small papers for which
it is intended to provide by the amendment of the
Senator from Maine. They are most of them
published about monthly, at the price of something
like a quarter of a dollar a year. Their weight
amounts to little or nothing. They are not now
sent in the mails in consequencc of the postage,
for they are charged as much postage as the New
York Courier and Enquirer, which is thirty times L
as large. The consequence is that they are sent
in parcels by different conveyances. They would
not incumber the mail, and the rate proposed by
the Senator from Maine would yield a small amount
of revenue, without much trouble in the assort-
ment and distribution of these papers, or without
their encumbering the mails.
Mr. COOPER. I concur in the object of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Maine,
and also in the object which the Senator from Ken-
| tuckv has in view; but I am afraid that the terms
j in which his proposition is couched will not an-
; swer his object. The effect of it will be that those
j papers which now weigh over two ounces will be
frablished on light flimsy paper, to bring them be-
ow the rate, which will enable them to circulate
at a low rate of postage. But 1 think if he were
to use different language, his object would be bet-
ter obtained. Take, for instance, all the weekly
papers circulating within the distance of fifty miles.
His object will be accomplished by saying that
the country papers, which are generally small,
shall be circulated within the distance of fifty miles.
| at the reduced rate he proposes. This is a thing
very generally asked for throughout all the north-
! ern and middle States, and, I believe, by the older
J southern States. If, then, this rate of twenty cents
! per year should be fixed for weekly papers carried
! within the distance of fifty miles, a great many of
i them will be carried outside the mails; but if you
i reduce the rate to ten cents a year, it will be so in-
significant that they will all be put in the mails and
! transported in them. The officer of the post office
j will have enough to induce him to take care in de-
I livering papers to subscribers.
: I think that the public will be better accommo-
dated by an amendment such as I have suggested .
than by the bill as it now is. I shall therefore
i vote for such an amendment cheerfully, as I shall ,
vote for the amendment proposed by the Senator
; from Maine.
Mr. DICKINSON. I concur substantially in
the opinion of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
; think the true rule is not to calculate postage ac-
cording to the weisht of the paper, but according
to the distance which it travels and the frequency
of its publication. It is the weekly and country
press that are not nursed by commerce, and which
do not travel on the great commercial routes or go
to commercial men. They do not travel the great
mail routes or encumber tfie mails like the com-
mercial papers, but they go by cross-roads and are
carried by horses, sulkeys, or little wagons. If
you levy a heavy postage on them they are car- i.
ried by the post-rider, or they are not carried at
I all.
I would very cheerfully go for the House bill in.
that respect as it stands, but I will not object to a
very low rate being levied on that class of papers.
There should, however, be a wide discrimination
between tliein and the great weeklies of the cities"
or the great commercial dailies of t?ie city. The
paper that travels five miles or ten miles on a
cross-road in a little mail, and which does not en-
cumber the mail or cause the post office any incon-
venience, should not be charged the same as the
commercial paper of the city which traverses the
country from one end to the other.
I would suggest to my honorable friend fronv
Kentucky, and I favor his amendment, that, he
had better limit it to weekly papers, disregarding'
particular weight and particular size, and confining
it to distance—say within the county in which it
is published, or within fifty miles. The law of
1846 allowed papers to go free within the county
in which they were published, or within thirty
miles; but in this case let it be within the county
of publication, or within fifty miles, disregarding1
size, because none of these papers are large.
Mr. SMITH. When we come to the proposi-
tion which may be submitted hereafter by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, I will under-
take to show that this bill makes the provision in
favor of the country press to which it is entitled,
The amendment proposed by my honorable friend
from Texas makes a discrimination, and a very
proper discrimination, in favor of the country
press. Papers dre allowed to be transmitted at a
very low rate within a circle of one hundred miles
from the place of publication, according to its pro-
visions. I think this is sufficient discrimination ii 
favor of the country press.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I propose to amend the
second section by inserting after the word "news-
papers" the words "one and a half and," so that
it shall read " that all newspapers one and a half
and not exceeding two ounces in weight," &c.
I shall also subsequently move to insert the fol-
lowing proviso in the section:
"Provided, That newspapers weighing less than one ounce
and a half shall be charged only half the above rates."
I would state, that I weighed several papers
prior to this amendment, and I found that the
weight of an ounce and a half would embrace-
most of the country papers with which I am ac-
quainted. It will also embrace, as I know, a
number of city papers, those mentioned by the
Senator from New York, and others. If they
have an extensive circulation, I have no objection
to having them fall within the operation of my
amendment, although they are published in cities.
I do not propose to make any discrimination be-
tween town and country. I wish to make a dis-
crimination between mailable matter. My object
is to prevent the large city papers from having an
advantage over the small country papers, in the
manner which I have already explained, the propri-
ety of which everybody admits. If the language of
theamendmentdoes not embrace the object fully, I
hope some gentleman will move, to-morrow, to
supersede it, so as to attain the object which it
seems almost all of us have in view. I am not at
all confined to the language of the amendment. I
am willing to take any language that will embrace
the object.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
Wednesday, Februai-y 19, 1851.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill, as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment which is
under consideration is the one offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] which
is to insert after the word " newspapers," in the
second line of the second section, the words " of
one and a half ounces."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Upon some consultation
since last evening, I have determined to withdraw
that amendment, and to endeavor to accomplish
my object by amending the proviso offered by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin*,] by adding
an additional proviso. I will read the additional
proviso, and make a remark in explanation of it,
and then submit it to the Senate. The additional
