1851.]
APPENDIX TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265 •
31st Con© 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Rusk, Underwood, Chase, SfC.
Senate.
proviso by which I propose to accomplish the if
object which I announced to the Senate yesterday, 1
is this: jt
pror44t4^ f*rtk*r. That newspapers published only
owr si week, ana which weigh when dry less than one
ounce and a hair, aball be charged only ball' toe rate charged
Ibr paper excelling tliai weight."
The effect of this amendment will be to divide
the newspaper circulation of the country into four
different classes. One class is provided for by
the proviso offered by the Senator from Maine.
That is a class of papers containing three hundred
square inches, or about seventeen inches square.
Papers of that size are circulated by paying one
fourth of the rates prescribed by the bill, according
to the proviso of the Senator from Maine. My
proviso proposes to make another extension, and
that is to classify the weight. The bill, as it
stands, provides for papers of three ounces, and
under. My amendment proposes to divide that
weight, and to say that those papers of less than
an ounce and a half in weight, published but once
in a week, shall pay one half the rates of papers
above that weight. Thus you perceive that you
will divide the whole of the newspaper circulation
of the country into three classes; two classes dis-
tinguished by weight, one above half an ounce,
ana another below, and a third class when the pa-
per contains only three hundred square inches.
This amendment will work well, without disar-
ranging at all the different distances given in the
bill, from fifty miles and upwards. It will not
affect distances at all, but will only affect the price
and reduce it one half, when the weight is reduced
to one half of three ounces. That is the only
effect which my amendment can have. I have ;
already explained its beneficial operation upon the
small papers of weekly circulation in the country;
and as I have modified it, it will get clear of the j
objections made yesterday. It was said truly yes- I
terday, that the New York Mirr*r, far instance, I
and other papers of that character, weighed less
than an ounce and a half, and yet had a large cir-
culation. But, sir, these papers are not weekly
papers; they are tri-weekly and daily papers, and
my amendment only operates in behalf of weekly
papers,and will not affect these daily or tri-weekly
papers, such as that mentioned, and which con-
tain a long list of advertisements, and which are
profitable on thai account, and which have a large
circulation beyond fifty miles. I hope the Senate,
for the benefit of the village and country papers,
which are but weekly, will give this third class,
and adopt the proviso which I have offered.
Mr. RUSK. The printed matter which is con-
veyed by the mails incumbers them, and does not
and never has paid its proportionable share of the
expense, as compared with the letter postage. We
have sought by this bill, which has been prepared
with much care and reflection, and after much con-
sultation with the Postmaster General and his
assistants, who have been connected with the De-
partment for years, and who understand the oper-
ations of the Department fully, to regulate a tariff
of postage upon the printed matter which shall, as
nearly as possible, be something like an approach
to paying for the service rendered in its transmis-
sion. This is a long section, and it has been very
difficult to render all the matters to which it relates
entirely satisfactory; but it has been drawn up
with much care. The attempt to make discrim-
inations in favor of one paper and against another,
is bad in principle, and it will be so in practice,
because its operation will lead to a continual grum-
bling in relation to it. We should set out upon
the principle of doing equal and exact justice to
every man who receives the same amount of ser-
vice through the Post Office Department. A dis-
crimination is wrong in principle; it has been tried
several times and has always produced confusion.
Congress has reduced the rates of postage before,
and granted free circulation to these papers within
a certain distance. The mischief showed itself
immediately by the discontent which pervaded the
country, and was manifested through all the papers.
It showed itself in the carelessness of postmasters
where there was i)o remuneration for the service
of mailing and distributing these papers; for the
law not only required that the papers should be
carried free of postage, but that the postmasters
should receive and deliver the papers without com-
pensation. This fell upon the postmasters at the
small offices, where there was more labor required
than was remunerated by the small percentage
they received. The consequence was that after a
short trial of the system it was repealed, and then
Congress went to the other extreme. They
charged, for instance, as much upon a newspaper
which was conveyed ten miles as for one which
was conveyed three hundred miles. Going from
one extreme they went to another. The House
provided in the bill, for which this amendment is
a substitute, for a free circulation of newspapers
within short distances. Upon consultation with
the Postmaster General, as I have stated, the rates
now proposed were deemed more equitable and
just:
" That all newspapers not exceeding two ouncea in
weight, sent from the office of publication to actual and
ftona firfe subscribers, shall be charged with postage as fol-
lows," to wit: Thepoetageon the repilar numbers of a news-
paper published weekly, -for any distance not exceeding
fifty miles, shall be fire cents per quarter; for any distance
exceeding fifty miles and not exceeding three hundred miles,
ten cents per quarter."
This is a reduction from fifty-two cents to twenty
cents a year, and surely this reduction is sufficient.
The adoption of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky will bring down this al-
ready great reduction one half from what is now
proposed by the bill. A paper which now pays
fifty-two cents in a year, will then pay only ten
cents.
It has been found necessary in the operations of
the Department—and there is a provision in the
bill to that effect—to require subscribers, at the
beginning of a quarter, to pay in advance; but the
operation of this amendment will reduce the pay-
ment down to ten cents in a* year, and what will
be the operation of that? You require payment
in advance, and here is an amendment which pro-
poses a rate of two and a half cents to be paid in
one quarter in advance. You thereby subjeot the
postmasters to a very great inconvenience in
making change, and also in making out their ac-
counts, greatly increasing their labor; and you do
another thing, and which is the one mostly to be
guarded against in the reduction of postage and
changing the system. It is this: You diminish
the compensation allowed to postmasters at the
small offices, while one of the greatest difficulties
in the operations of the Department has been from
' the fact that, because the compensation allowed to
the postmasters at small offices was so small it
! was difficult to find men to accept who were quali-
1 fied to discharge the duties of the office, and the
mail service and the revenues of the Department
suffer in consequence of it.
It seems to me that the bill proposes as great a
reduction as ought to be asked.
"The postage on the regular numbers of a newspaper
published weekly, for any distance not exceeding fifty
miles, (ball be live cents per quarter."
According to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky, this will be reduced one
half, and make a fraction by paying two and a half
cents.
" For any distance exceeding fifty miles, and not exceed-
ing three hundred miles, ten cents per quarter; for any dis-
tance exceeding three hnndred miles, and not exceeding one
thousand piles, fifteen cents per quarter," lie.
There will be another fraction in making change.
So that the accounts will be more complicated. At
the same time it appears to me there is a sufficient
discrimination now made, and that if the amend-
ment which is proposed is adopted, the large
presses will grumble at it, because it is too great a
discrimination in favor of country papers. For
while you reduce the postage on papers that have
a large circulation some fifteen or twenty per cent,
by this bill, you reduce the postage on country
papers which circulate within fifty miles of the
office of publication, thirty-two cents a year,
charging only twenty cents, whereas fifty-two
cents is "the priee now charged.
I hope this motion will not prevail. Besides,
there are three provisos to this section, and this
will make the fourth. I have taken a great deal
of pains in the preparation of this bill, though I
do not pretend to be as well qualified to discharge
the duties of the post which I occupy as the chair-
man of other committees; and I am sorry that the
duty has devolved upon me, for it has required a
great deal of labor, of which I am not particularly
fond. But I have taken great pains; have con-
sulted the Postmaster General, whom I find to be
a very intelligent and indefatigable officer, and his
assistants, who have examined into all the minutia
of the subject. They have proposed a bill hers,
which makes a verf great reduction,and one which
will save the Department from falling on the Treas-
ury, and will, at the same time that it makes this
reduction on newspapers and printed matter, make
a considerable reduction on letters. If we go oi 
to amend the bill as proposedjit will produce con-
fusion, and, in all probability, throw the support
of the Department upon the Treasury as a burden
hereafter. I fear this will be the result,.and that
we shall have to go back to the old rates and make
the letter postage pay the expense of the trans-
portation of free and printed matter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regret very much to
be the instrument of consuming the time of the
Senate, and particularly in carrying on what I am
afraid may be an unavailing warfare in behalf of
what I conceive to be justice to a portion of the
press of this country. My friend 'a bill, as it came
from his hands, met my approbation much better
than it does with the amendments which have
been made. By the amendments which the Sen-
ate have already made, they have destroyed that
symmetry which I believe the bill, in some meas-
ure, possessed at the time it came from the hands
of the committee. My object is to make the bill
more just than it will be unless my amendment
prevails.
Now, sir, the chairman of the committee says
that if my amendment is adopted, it will produce
fractions in the settlements of accounts. I should
have been glad if he had made that objection when
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] offered an
amendment which will produce a great deal more
fractions than mine will. When that amendment
was proposed by the Senator, I believe no one
raised an objection to it. It reduces postage down
to fourths instead of halves, and no one opened
his mouth—neither the chairman of tht committee
j nor any one else—to make that objection. But
I now, when I propose an amendment in order to
discriminate, it is objected to upon the score of the
keeping of the accounts—that it will produce con-
fusion m the Department. Why, if it be small,
as I admit it is, there can be no difficulty; because,
instead of paying for the quarter, they will pay in
advance for six months. That is the only effect
it will have. If change eannot be made—it being
but a trifle—they will pay in advance for the six
months instead of three. So there can be no sub-
stantial objection made to the amendment on that
ground.
But my friend thinks discriminations are odious,
and so do I. But, sir, he allowed a discrimination
to be made here the other day without opening his
mouth against it. That discrimination, as much
as anything else, has induced me to propose the
amendment which I now offer; and that discrimi-
nation was to give an advantage to all your large
pictorial papers over the little papers of the coun-
try. Here we had an amendment, offered without
objection, and adopted without a word of remark
' being made against it at the time, by which all
large pictorial papers mailed for circulation, weigh-
I ing as high as three ounces, are to be circulated
upon the same terms as little village papers. Is
there justice in that? It is a discrimination made
upon the most direct and plain principles of injus-
tice, such as strike everybody upon the very pre-
sentation of the case. Well, the Senate made the
amendment, and what do I propose? I propose
to get clear, as far as I can, of that palpable and
striking injustice, by saying that a paper published
j only once a week and not weighing half of the
j three ounces that you have already legitimated in
' the way I have stated, shall be circulated at half
the rates fixed by my friend's bill. That is the
whole of it. I do not touch the distances which
he has regulated. Not at all. So that you will
find tlftit it is just, in reference to the mailable
\ weight which is transported through the mail. It
is placing it precisely upon the exact footing of
equality. Half the weight pays half the price. The
distances remain the same.
Now you made an odious discrimination, the
effect of which I have already pointed out. It is
' useless to repeat how those large papers will have
I the advantage in extending their subscription list,
I upon the ground that they furnish much more
