268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 1 9,
31st Cong 2n Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Chase, Hamlin, Rusk, fyc.
Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Is the Senator aware that j
the yeas and nays have been ordered on his amend-
ment?
Mr. CHASE. I presume *here will be no ob-
jection to the modification.
The PRESIDENT. It can only be done by
unanimous consent. The proposition is now to
Btrike out the word " five," and insert " three."
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to one consideration before they shall vote. It
was provided by the House bill, that papers should
circulate free for the same distance that it is pro-
vided they shall by the proviso of the Senator
from Ohio. That distance is thirty miles. Now,
in our action, this consideration should not be lost
sight of, so that in framing our amendments we
should have some regard to the sense of the House,
which will be meeting them partially in that way.
I am opposed to the free circulation of newspapers;
but as this goes partially to meet the view of the
House, and reduces the postage to two and a half
cents a quarter, I hope the amendment may be
adopted.
Mr. RUSK. This all proceeds from a desire to
favor the country press. This will give the ad-
vantage to the State papers, because you reduce
the city papers to within fifty miles, and they are
as ten to one, so that it will be the same with re-
gard to them. Gentlemen who propose this as a
boon to the country press, are really voting one
to the city press.
Mr. CHASE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BADGER. I would greatly prefer the
proposition of the House to the one before the
Senate. The Senator from Maine says that the
House of Representatives proposed to transmit
these papers free of all postage within thirty miles.
I vastly prefer that proposition to the proposition
to receive three cents a quarter. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will vote it down.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I dislike to interfere with
the details of a system which has been perfected
by a committee; but the public sentiment of the
State which I have the honor in part to represent,
has been expressed upon the subject of the circu-
lation of newspapers through the mail, and I do
not feel at liberty to abstain from offering an
amendment in consonance with that public senti-
ment. I am aware that much may be said against
the amendment which I shall propose, but I an-
swer it by saying that the whole system is
thoroughly arbitrary. There is no reason why a
newspaper should be carried three hundred miles
in the mails for the same price that it is carried a
tRousand miles, any more than there is a reason
that merchandise should be carried different dis-
tances for the same price. But so long as this
system is kept up there will be an arbitrary dis-
crimination. There cannot be any rule of exact
equality adopted. But in undertaking to discrim-
inate, we must discriminate as fully as we can,
and connect with our discrimination some general
principles. I long since became convinced that
when this country shall become fully settled, and
when the West shall possess the same facilities
for the transmission of the mails as other portions
of the country, the whole matter should be given
up to private enterprise; and were it not unjust to
the new settlements, I would propose the non-ex-
ecution of that article of the Constitution which
authorizes, the post office and post road system.
The mail may be carried far cheaper than it is
now carried, the business of the Department may
be done with more efficiency, and the Government
may thereby be relieved from one of the most
overshadowing and corrupting sources of embar-
rassment. That, however, cannot be done yet.
The time has not yet arrived, and therefore we
must have legislation upon the subject.
I do not deny that there is some liberality to-
wards the press in this bill as it stands; but, nev-
ertheless, I feel myself called upon to move to
restore the provision of the law of 1845. For
that purpose I ask the Senate to strike out in the
second section from the words "to wit" in the
fourth line, the words " the postage on the regu-
lar numbers of a newspaper published weekly, for
any distance not exceeding fifty miles, shall be
five cents per quarter," and insert the following:
"All newspapers published weekly only, shall circulate
in the wails free of postage within the county where pub-
lished, a distance of thirty miles from the placc of publica-
tion."
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is the question
divisible ?
The PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS. There are two distinct proposi-
tions.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to strike out
and insert is not divisible.
Mr. SMITH. I wish simply to remark that ,
this is in effect a proposition to carry more than
one half of the newspapers which are to go within
the mail, for nothing.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will modify the amend-
ment so as to say " within the county."
The PRESIDENT. It is too late to make that
modification. j
Mr. SMITH. We all know in what numbers
the daily papers exceed the weekly papers; I pre-
sume they do in the proportion of a hundred to
one. The county, or the circle of thirty miles,
will ordinarily comprehend the whole circulation
of the country newspapers. I presume that the
number of papers issued from the country press
weekly, amounts in the course of the year to a
number far exceeding the number issued from the
daily, semi-weekly, and tri-weekly press of the
whole country. I will venture to say that this i
proposition will include nine tenths of the whole
issues of the country press. I know it is so within
the circle of my acquaintance, and I desire to know
whether the resources of the Department will justify
it in undertaking to transport gratuitously at least
two thirds of the papers issued in the country?
We are to have not only the burden of transport-
ing them gratuitously, but they are to be delivered
by the postmasters gratuitously. They are to be re-
ceived and mailed at the offices in the villages where
they are published, and postmasters mailing them
are to receive no compensation for mailing them, nor
is the postmaster who delivers them to receive any
compensation. I am in favor of a liberal policy
on this subject, as much so as any other honorable
member of this body; but I am not willing to go
on blindfolded with regard to the results which
may follow; and I am entirely certain that the de-
partment will be involved by such a measure in
very serious financial difficulties, and at an early
day. We have tried this experiment once, and
how long did it last ? The chairman of the com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads has stated
to the Senate that it was not permitted to stand as
an enactment on the statute book but for a single
year. I venture lo predict, that if we try this
policy again, it cannot long remain the policy of
this Government. I have no more interest in this
bill than any other person, but on looking over
the system which the honorable Senator from
Texas has recommended, I thought it exceedingly
well digested, and I think it my duty to stand bv
him, and I will do so on the present occasion. I
am not in favor of carrying two thirds of the pa-
pers of this country for nothing, and I am not in
favor of requiring postmasters mailing these pa-
pers or those who deliver them out from the vari-
ous offices, to do it without any compensation
whatever. I do not believe the resources of the
Department will justify it. I am totally opposed
to the policy; and while I am in favor of making
a liberal provision for the country papers, I think
it is done sufficiently by the provision in the bill
which cuts down the postage from thirteen cents
to five cents per quarter. This is all to which, in
my judgment, they are entitled.
Mr. DICKINSON. I concede that the bill is
liberal now; still I think the Senator from Con-
necticut overrates the charge upon the Department,
if this amendment should prevail. I venture to
say that the daily issue of the New York Herald
alone is greater than the weekly issue of every
weekly paper in the State. I have no doubt of it.
I think he has very much overrated the issues of
the country press, and that a discrimination may
be safely made. It met with public approbation
before, and I never learned that it was the cause of
any serious embarrassment to the Department.
There is nothing to be done in mailing papers sent
in from the office of publication but to put them
into the mail bag; they are not marked, and as to
distributing them in the country towns and villa-
ges, the post offices are at some cross-roads or at
a tavern, and the postmaster who distributes them
may read them if he chooses, as a sort of compen-
sation for the little trouble they cause him. I do
not believe it will be a very serious embarrassment
to the Department. It has been suggested that tlxe
amendment should be modified so as to say within
the county. 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to strike off the latter part of the amend-
ment, so that the papers shall circulate free within
the counties where they are published.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope not. My colleague
will recollect that it is desired by our constituents
that the free circulation of papers should as nearly
as possible be extended to the Congressional dis-
tricts. I think I have in my mind four newspapers
in the State of New York whose daily circulation
in the aggregate amounts to two hundred and thir-
ty-five thousand copies. I think there are fifty
weekly papers in that State, and estimating their
weekly issues at two thousand each, the aggregate
will be one hundred thousand. So that the bal-
ance is in favor of the city press. The country
press, instead of supplying nine tenths of the whole
circulation, as the Servitor from Connecticut sup-
poses, I think it is doubtful whether they supply
a proportion of more than two to one:
The question was then taken on the amendment,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Cass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Evving, Felch, Mason, Miller, Phelps, Seward,
Sturgeon, Upham, Walker, and Whitcomb—190.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Berrien,
Borland, Bradbury, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Mississippi, Dai^on, Gwin, Hainlin, Houston,
Hunter, Jones, King, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rhett,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Turney, Un-
derwood, Wales, and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will offer my amend-
ment, and ask the Senate to vote upon it, as the
gentleman from Ohio failed to accomplish what he
thought he could do at the time he took the floor;
and I will just remark that my amendment would
never have been proposed but for the discrimina-
tion which this bill makes in favor of large papers
against small ones. It makes a discrimination
against the country press, and my amendment is
to endeavor to get clear of that discrimination. It
is an act of justice, and I desire the Senate to dis-
pose of it by a vote.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
" Provided, further. That newspapers published only
once a week, and which weigh when dry only one ounce
and a half, shall be charged only half what is charged for
papers exceeding that weight."
The question was taken, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 19, noes 23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the whole
of the second section, and to substitute in lieu of it
the following, which is the second section of the
the bill as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, and on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That there shall be
charged upon each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, maga-
zine, book, and every other description of printed matter
which shall be unconnected with any manuscript or written
matter, and which it may be lawful to transmit through the
mail, of no greater weight than three ounces, one cent, and
for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one cent.
Bound books, not weighing over thirty ounces, shall be
deemed mailable matter under the provisions of this sec-
tion : Provided, That newspapers delivered in the State or
Territory where printed shall be chargeable with only one
half the foregoing rates : Provided, further, That no post-
age shall be charged upon any newspaper mailed and de-
livered in the county where printed, or within thirty miles
of the place where pnnted: Provided, further, That the
free circulation of newspapers within the county where
printed, or tile distance of thirty miles of the place where
printed, as hereinbefore provided, shall be confined to actual
subscribers receiving their papers from the office where
printed: And provided, further, That fifty per cent, shall
be deducted from the postage on magazines, when that
postage shall be prepaid.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I hope I may be indulged in read-
ing from a communication from the Postmaster
General upon this subject.
The honorable gentleman read an extract, com-
mencing with these words, "The rates of postage
on bound books and printed matter are too low as
fixed by the House bill," from the communication
