tSol.J
AgP$flDgL TO THE CQ^GRESSIONAL-CLOBE.
.269
3 1st Cong 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—rMessrs. Seward, Downs, Soule, fyc.
Senate.
of the Postmaster General, which we have pub-
lished entire in the debate on the bill of Monday
Mst. He then said, I think that is amply sufficient,
and 1 take occasion here to observe, that if gentle-
men sincerely favor a reduction of the rates of
postage, I hope they will vote for the system that
will pay something like the expenses of the De-
partment. Otherwise the whole system will break
down.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose we may read letter
for letter, and I beg leave to read an extract from
& letter from a gentleman whose knowledge of and
acquaintance with this subject surpasses that Of
many, and I think it will not be disrespectfal to
any gentleman connected with the Government to
say that it surpasses hia. The extract reads thus:
, . ... " Washinotok, February 19.1851.
"Hon. W«. H.Sewaed:
"Dea*Sj*: Although I have not the pleasure of a per-
sonal acquaintance with you, yet I feel it a duty and a
pleasure to thank you for your advocacy of cheap postage
in the Senate, which ia ia accordance with the thousands of
petitions from all parts of the country which have been pre-
sented to Congress. The people have asked for' a uniform
rate of two cents prepaid,' not for two rates, and neither of
tbem as low as the one they petitioned for.
"The rates on newspapers, if adopted, will create uni-
versal dissatisfaction throughout the country, and especially
among the editors."
Mr. DOWNS. I think the letter read by the
Senator from Texas is a most conclusive argument
that this amendment cannot be adopted; for he :
says, if it is adopted, the failure of the mails will
be quadrupled. I think that will give us less than
no mail at all. There are failures now four or five
times a week, and I should like to know what they
would be if they were quadrupled. There never
were so many failures before.in the history of the
Government as there have been within the last
three or four months, They seem to be multiply-
ing in all sections, and if the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New York is to quadruple
them, we had better shut up the shop at once.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. SOULE. I propose to amend the 8th sec-
tion by adding what follows:
" And provided, further, That the Postmaster General,
for the transportation of the mails contemplated by this
section, shall be bound to select the route which shall trans-
port the mail ia the shortest time and on die most conveni-
ent terms, and that before making any contract, he shall
give at least sixty days' notice by advertisement, ia the
usual manner for advertising proposals for mail contracts,
and that any contract made under the authority hereby con-
ferred shall be renewed annually."
Theamendment embodies the views of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads on the
subject to which it has reference. I hope it will
be suffered to pass. Its object is merely to guard
the Department against suffering any contract that
may be entered into under the eighth section of the
bill to interfere with its liberty of action with re-
spect to such facilities as may be created for trans-
porting the mail through the sister Republics south
of us, to and from California and Oregon, by the
new channels of communication about to be Opened,
at places where the transit will not only bt easier,
but such as to shorten considerably tne distance
to be run, and diminish, in an enormous ratio, the 1
expenses of transportation. The amendment aims j
at securing a speedy and economical communica-
tion between our Atlantic ports and the ports on
the Pacific; and that object is so legitimate in its
character, and so important in its bearing, that I
cannot anticipate the least objection to its being
sanctioned by the vote of the Senate. I therefore
submit it without further remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I should be
glad to hear the eighth section read with the
amendment.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
" That the Postmaster General be authorized to contract
or make other arrangements for the transportation of mails
of die United States through any foreign country, and also
for the transportation by such transient or other vessels as
maybe running between ports of the United States and
foreign ports, or between foreign ports, in cases where there
are no arrangements therefor, and to provide for the col lee-
tion of such postages on such letters and other mailable
matter as may be sent under such arrangements and con-
tracts, as may be due to the United States, either by pre-
payment or at such foreign ports, and for that purpose to |
use and employ as agents the several consuls of the United
States, or such other persons as he may think fit: Pro- I
vided, That no arrangement shall be made which will vio- {
late the laws prevailing in such foreign ports or countries, ' i
or any treaty of the United States: And provided, further, ; j
That the Postmaster General, for the transportation of the j
mails contemplated by this section, shall bo bound to select
the route which shall transport the mail in the shortest time
and on the most economical terms, and that, before making
any contract, he shall give at least sixty days' notice by
advertisement, in the usual manner for advertising pro-
posals for mail contracts; and tliat any contract made
under the authority hereby conferred shall be renewed an-
nually."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not see
myself why the substance of that amendment is
not very well. It struck me that the eighth sec-
tion was defective; but I should be rather sorry to
see the time limited to one year. I believe con-
tracts made at the office are made for four years,
and I should be glad to have it stand so, that no
contract shall run less than four years. There
may be some difficulty in making contracts from
year to year, and I think it might place the De-
partment in some embarrassment, and they would
be likely to make contracts under less favorable
circumstances.
Mr. SOULE. The honorable Senator, I am
sure, does not mean to assign such a duration to
the contracts to be entered into under this section i
as will render unavailable to the Government and i
to the country such facilities as may be created !
through the opening of new routes for a speedier
and cheaper transportation of the mail. Speed and
economy are the great objects which ought to be
looked to in the organization of the mail service;
and the term proposed by the honorable Senator
may at no very distant day be a serious impedi-
ment to either. Under present arrangements, it
takes the mail, if I am well informed, upwards of
thirty days to go from New York to San Fran-
cisco. If there be anything reliable—and I am
j sure there is much to be relied upon, in the pros-
peet held out to us by the new routes about to be
cut through the Isthmus—the distance may so far be
shortenedas not to exceed seventeen days of travel.
Now, unless provision be made in this bill through
which the Department be required to fimit the
time of its contracts, so as to be enabled to form
new and more advantageous ones, should there be
occasion for them, it may turn out that while we
shall be paying enormous amounts of money for
the transportation of our mail, the mail matter will
seek the shortest route and cut its way through a
speedier conveyance.
! The Government of Mexico, as I am informed,
has lately made grant of a privilege to an Ameri-
can citizen for carrying mails from Vera Cruz to
i Acapulco. The Tehuantepee road is being sur-
veyed, and in all probability will be opened within
less than ten months to travelers. Do we mean
to fetter ourselves by long contracts, and to drain
the Treasury with extravagant expenditures, when
we have almost within our reach the period when
we must be provided with such means of commu-
nication as will shorten the distance our mails have
"at present to run by fully one third, and when it
will be in our power to make the disbursements of
the Treasury lighter in a corresponding ratio? The
amendment changes nothing in the existing con-
tracts. They will, of course, run their full term.
But would it be prudent in us to allow those that
may be made hereafter to go beyond the probable
time within which it is so likely that they can be
superseded by new ones, conferring greater advan-
tages and securing a greater speed ? |
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I believe, or- i
dinarily in the making of contracts for the trans-
portation of the mails, the Government reserves,
upon certain contingencies, the right of vacating
those contracts. That I understand is a condition
contained in all the contracts which are made.
But I did not propose that the Department should
be limited to four years further than this. They
might be left to make a contract for a shorter
period, if, in their discretion, the public interests
would be subserved thereby, but they should not
bind the Government for more than four years.
That would leave a discretion in the Department
to meet all the contingencies suggested by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana. I had not in
my mind, however, the case to which the honor-
able Senator has referred, but I was rather look-
ing to the memorial which 1 presented here a few
days ago from the resident American merchants at
Valparaiso. They represented that they might
have a mail through the lines of steamers, which
are English steamers, I believe, that are now es-
tablished from Panama along the coast of South
America, aa far south as Valparaiso, find that,*t
some reasonable compensation, bags might be
taken from the American mails which arrive at
Panama, and be transmitted along that coast and
delivered at the various points where the people
have occasion to send correspondence, and where
these vessels, on their return, would take the bags
which should be made up, when touching in exe-
cution of their own contracts at those points. It
is represented by them that the amount of postage
which would be realized from the letters sent under
an arrangement of this description would pay the
expense of transporting the mails in this manner.
I had another matter in my view. I had sup-
posed that the Post Office Department mig.it
probably find it convenient and useful to the coun-
try to establish a mail from some point on the
Pacific to the Sandwich Islands. We have a vast
number of ships touching at the Sandwich Islands;
we have a great deal of trade with those Islands:
we have a great deal of communication with that
part of the world, and it is very important to have
a mail to go there. This would be one step
towards what I believe is deemed very advisable
in San Francisco—the extending of a mail toCan-
ton or Hong Kong, or some other point in the
dominions of China. I had my mind directed to
i that consideration. I would wish to clothe the
Department with discretionary power enough to
accomplish these objects, provided they couid be
accomplished upon a just and reasonable consider-
ation, believing myself that that would be better
economy than establishing a line of steamer's; and
it can be done for a small portion of the money
which would be required for the establishment of
such a line. When I wished to clothe the Depart-
ment with the power to make contracts of that
sort, I did not suppose that we should pay such
large sums as are paid for the transportation of the
mails to Europe, but reasonable and moderate
terms. Take, for example, the carrying of the
mails from some point of the Pacific coast to the
Sandwich Islands. The Department might- be
authorized to provide for the transmission of the
mails by packets, if a line of packets should be
established. So if they find a line of packets,
whether foreign or American, running along the
coast of South America, they might, upon reason-
able terms, without burdening the Department,
make a contract for transmitting a mail along that
"c'oast, leaving mail bags at various points as far
south as Valparaiso. I had supposed that would
be a very desirable object.
These are the considerations which I had on my
mind; but I did not think it desirable that the De-
partment should have the power or authority to
extend any contract beyona four years. I wished
to apply the same rule to these contracts which is
applied to all of the contracts which they make. I
would limit it there, and I would not take away
the discretion of limiting it to a shorter perioa,
provided the judgment of the Department should
sanction that.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is obvious that this
amendment is of a character too grave to pass
without having undergone supervision and exam-
ination. I will not ask that it be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the Sena-
tor would allow me to interrupt him, I would say
that the provision to which I adverted is in the bill.
The amendment is to limit the power of the De-
partment.
Mr. DICKINSON. I speak of the amendment.
I will not ask that the action of the Senate be de-
layed until it can be printed, as it will probably be
printed in the morning papers. I only ask that it
may lie over, as it is perfectly obvious that .we
cannot dispose of it to-day.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, the further con-
sideration of the bill was then postponed until to-
morrow.
Thursday-, February 20, 1851.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill.
The amendment under consideration was that
offered by Mr. Socle yesterday.
Mr. SOULE. In order to meet the views and
desire expressed by various Senators, I have con-
cluded to modify the amendment which I had the
honor to offer yesterday, so as to make it read as
follows:
And providtd further, That the Postmaster General, in
