1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
31st Cong 2o Sess.
Htfimrticm of Postage—Messrs. Rusk, Miller, Bell, fyc.
Senate.
Tiaed by the postmaster of the city, it is apparent 1 j
that the transmission would be as certain as it is I
in all the other departments, while, as 1 have said I
before, it will cost nothing.
One word as to the provision of the lav already.
If there be such a provision in the law, this can
do no hurra. My attention was called to it by the
Representatives of New York city, who thought
it was necessary to restore that section.
Mr. RUSK. There is only this in it. The
provision as offered is, that branch post offices
shall be established by authority of the Post Office
Department for the purpose of receiving letters to
be taken to the post office by carriers appointed
for that purpose. The only difference between
the case as it now Hands and that proposed by
this section is, that there may be a charge of one
or two cents. Now the charge is but one cent.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to striking
out two cents.
Mr. RUSK. Then the power will be identical,
and there is no use for it in the bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the substitute
by striking out of the first section the words
" when the postage upon such letter shall have
been prepaid, and five cents when the postage
thereon shall not have been prepaid;" so that it
will read," for every single letter, &c., three cents."
The object of this amendment is to take the sense
of the Senate upon the rate of postage proposed '
by the House bill. The House bill proposed a
uniform rate of postage of three cents, without i
distinction between prepaid and unpaid letters.
The amendment of the Senate committee is three
cents when the postage is prepaid, and five cents
when it is not prepaid. My amendment is to strike ;
out from the substitute all that portion of it making <
the postage five cents; so as to make a uniform ■
rate of three cents, without any condition that let- !
lers shall be prepaid. |
I voted the other day against the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York [Mr. i
seviid] to reduce the rate of postage to two cents,
to be prepaid in all cases. I did not believe that
the Department would be able to sustain at this
time so great a reduction; but I am satisfied, from
an investigation of the statistics we have on
this point, that with a uniform rate of three cents
postage the Department will be able to sustain
itself. I am opposed to the distinction made in
the substitute of the committee between prepay-
ment and non-payment. I can see no reason, no
justice in compelling a man who receives a letter,
frequently without his consent, to pay more than ,
a man who prepays a letter which he sends. My I
own impression is that a uniform rate of three
cents will satisfy the demands of the country and
sustain the Department. That is the rate proposed
in the bill of the House. I am satisfied that, un- i
less we adopt something analogous to the bill of i
the House, we shall get no bill at all this session. J
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, 1 do not intend to '
trouble the Senate with many remarks upon this 1
subject; but it seems to me this proposition is of1
a nature that may demand of those who have any
doubts upon the subject, or who are not satisfied
•with the measure as it is proposed either by the
House or Senate bill, to make some inquiry from
those who are better informed upon the subject,
and to state their objections in such a manner that
they may be answered. Now, sir, the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] states that, in his
opinion, unless the Senate will conform the bill
pretty nearly to the provisions of the bill of the
House, there will be no bill passed during this
session; or, in other words, that unless we con-
form to the three-cent rate recommended by the
House, we shall have been spending our time
abortively for the last two or three days, and also
what future time we may consume in the consid- >
eration of this subject. This is quite an import-
ant measure to the whole country in any aspect
in which it may be viewed, whether you take the
amendment of the committee of the Senate, or the
bill from the House of Representatives. If it is
not certain that either of these measures will pre-
vail, we are really consuming a great deal of time
unnecessarily upon the minute details. From the
indications of this body, I think we may infer a
disposition on the part of the Senate to do some-
thing. Still, if it b  true that the provision* of :
he House bill alone can become a law, unless we
adopt those provisions at once, we are spending
time in vain. This is not a stage of the session
when we can afford to spend time without some
probable calculation of some positive and efficient
result in relation to any question.
Now, I want to ask honorable members whether
they have been enabled during this short session
to give due consideration to this great change
which is proposed to be made in our postal ar-
rangements—or rather, not so much in that as in
the rates of postage ? Either proposition which
is now before us—either the bill from the House
or the amendment from the Senate committee—as
I understand it, is a reduction of about one half
of the present rates. My honorable friend from
Texas shakes his head; but I take it that the cal-
culation must be conjectural to a considerable ex-
tent. The reduction to three cents will be a reduc-
tion of more than one half. I do not mean of the
amount of postage now paid upon the letters that
are sent for any one year, but I speak of the prob-
able amount of postages which will be collected
under this new arrangement. That is a practical
question, and is only to be tested by experience.
1 repeat the inquiry, however, have the members
of this body given that consideration to this ques-
tion which it demands ? Does it not propose too
radical, too great a reduction and alteration in our
present rates of postage, to be ventured upon ?
And does it not involve results and consequences
which should demand our serious consideration ?—
the condition of the Treasury, &c., among other
things. For example, the bill of the House pro-
poses an immediate appropriation of $1,000,000
to supply the probable deficiencies. Now, that
looks directly to a considerable deficiency. The
honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule]
has moved an amendment, which has been adopt-
ed, which reduces that appropriation to £500,000.
But all that is conjectural.
1 apprehend that the honorable Senator from
Texas has made very large allowances for the in-
creased correspondence of the country—both the
business and social correspondence—founded upon
the experience of Great Britain. [Mr. Rusk
shook his head.l Now, I am unfortunate in not
understanding the grounds upon which he has
made this calculation in any contingency. I think
it must be a very great error to attempt to base
our legislation in our postal arrangements upon
the results which have been found to ensue from
a reduction of the postages in Great Britain to.a
penny a letter for the whole of Great Britain,
which is not so large as some of our States and
Territories, and which has a population of from
twenty-seven to thirty millions congregated in
a country of some sixty thousand or eighty
thousand square miles, more or less. Jt is not
safe to give any great weight to British practice,
when our rates are to operate upon a million of
square miles within the organized States and Ter-
ritories; and perhaps in the whole territory of the
United States it may be one million seven hundred
thousand square miles, with a gross population of
only twenty-three millions. I speak in round
numbers. I say it is a great error to assume that
the results of such a system in England can be ex-
pected of the proposed reduction in this country.
But I do not mean to go into that. I want to call
the attention of the Senate to the question whether
it is the disposition of this body to pass either of
these bills—to adopt either the proposition of the
House of Representatives, or the amendment pro-
posed by the Senate committee? 1 believe no
test question has been taken, and I do not know
certainly what the disposition of the Senate is. I ob-
serve from the tenorof theamendments offered here,
some of which have been adopted, that the gen-
eral temper of the Senate is in favor of some
change in our system of postages. A proposition
is now before us to amend the Senate amendment
by reducing it to a uniform rate of three cents,
which will probably test that matter. There are
some few facts that I want information upon. I
will say, with regard to my friend from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] that I know the labor he has be-
stowed upon.this subject. I know the careful at-
tention and revision that he, in connection with
the committee of which he is chairman, has given
to this subject. I have great confidence in the
practical good sense of that honorable Senator
particularly, and I believe that he is just about as
likely to come to a sound conclusion as any other
individual. But a whole committee may be greatly
mistaken and misled upon a question of this de-
scription. I am aware—and it is obvious and
palpable—that there are sections of the Union in
which this reduction will operate more favorably
than in other sections—I mean the large commer-
cial and manufacturing districts, the more densely
populated States, and where the population has
already approached the maximum that may be
expected for a considerable period of time, and so
long as we have fresh lands in the Far West to
induce emigration from these States. I should
like to know from the honorable Senator from
New York who sits to my left [Mr. Seward]
what proportion of the population of the State of
New York is congregated in the cities, towns, and
villages ?
Mr. SEWARD. I will answer the honorable
Senator that, as nearly as I can estimate, it is about
one third of the whole.
Mr. BELL. That is about one million. I
should have supposed, however, but for that an-
swer, that it was more considerable. The city of
New York alone and its environs embrace some
six hundred thousand or seven hundred thousand.
I do not know what the proportion in the State
of Massachusetts is that is contained in the cities
and villages, but presume that it is quite as large.
And so it is with some other States of the North
and East. Now, no one can doubt that a pop-
ulation so peculiarly situated will be in favor of
the reduction of postage to the lowest rates. But
how is it when you come to the large agricultural
and planting States of the South and West, where
the population congregated in the cities and towns
is comparatively small—not ten per cent, of the
whole population ? The Senator from New York
has estimated the proportion of that population in
New York to one third of the whole. In some of
the States not five per cent, of the population ia in
the cities or villages. There this change would
not operate so favorably as it would in those large
commercial and manufacturing States that are dot-
, ted over with populous cities and towns.
Now, as I nave not been able to give this sub-
ject that examination that 1 could wish, I should
like to have my friend from Texas give me some
information upon this matter. I understand that
it is assumed that the effective mail service of the
country has continued to increase under the act of
3d of March, 1845, by which the rates of postage
were greatly reduced. But before the honorable
Senator from Texas gives me an answer, I will go
on and state what 1 consider effective mail service
to be. I think it is very different from that which is
so called in the reports of the Departments, and in
the view of the advocates of the reduction now
proposed. What is effective mail service in the
sense of the terms employed in those reports ?
Why, it is the distance or number of miles over
which the mails are carried, and has no reference
whatever to the character or grade of the service,
the convenience of the public, the mode in which
the mails are carried, or the safety, and security
with which they are transported. Now, viewing
it in that light, 1 want to know of my honorable
friend from Texas if 1 am not correct in the con-
clusions to which I have arrived, and which I will
state? In looking over the statistics connected
with this subject, I undertake to state that, in the
last twelve years, although the increase in the
population of the country has been some thirty-
three or thirty-five per cent., still the effective mail
service of the country has not been substantially
increased; that is, when we consider the character
of the service, the security and safety of the mails,
the convenience of the public, and the certainty
with which the mails have been carried, &c.
Now, am I right or am I wrong in my conclu-
sions ? If I am wrong, I will give up that part of
the argument. If I am right in this deduction, I
think it is a conclusive argument against any fur-
ther reduction of .the postage, unless upon some
of the extravagant calculations that have been made
here and elsewhere, but in which 1 do not concur,
in regard to the effects of a still further reduction
of the rates of postage. I say that for twelve or
thirteen years—from 1837 down to this time—there
has been no substantial increase in what I call the
i effective mail service. It is said that there has
