272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 20,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Bell, Rusk, Sfc.
Senate.
been an increase of some millions of miles over
which the mails have been carried. It is said that
the late reduction of the rates of postage by the
act of 1845 has increased the revenues of the De-
partment so as to enable them to expend large
sums of money in extending the mail facilities of
the country—that the revenue has increased from
some four and a half millions of dollars to over
five millions of dollars. The revenue has thus
increased, notwithstanding the reduction, so as to
enable the Department to extend further and to in-
crease the mail facilities of the country. Nov/, I
do not deny that there has been an increase in the
number of miles over which the mails have been
carried; but my honorable friend from Texas will
recollect that one mode of increase has been by
conveying the mail over the same route two or
three times a day. Since the act of 1845, Texas
has been admitted into the Union, and we have
also new Territories in which the mail communi-
cations are extended. Some five or six thousand
miles of mail routes have been established in Texas
alone in the last few years. The mail is carried
upon many new railroads, and some extensive
lines of river routes have been established. We
have mails carried also to several foreign countries.
We have a mail carried to California and Oregon.
All these add greatly to the aggregate of miles
over which the mail is carried. But I am speak-
ing of the effective mail service of the old United
States. I speak of the effective mail service in the
old States of the Atlantic, and the States in the
valley of the Mississippi. I speak of the twenty-
eight or thirty States of the Union as they existed '
prior to the annexation of Texas—States whose
population has been increasing, and in the want of ,
mail service, at so great a rate—and yet in the last 1
twelve or thirteen years have had no substantial
increase of effective mail service, or, at all events,
I am certain that in some States and extensive
localities there has been no increase of effective
mail service in that time.
Now, I know it has been the general under-
standing that there has been a large increase of ef-
fective mail service in every part of the Union; and
in looking to the reports of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, this appears to be so. I doubt not they have
been candidly made—fori cannot suppose any in-
tention to mislead; nor do I suppose an intention
to mislead in any quarter. But a careful examina-
tion of those reports will show that the conclu-
sions at which I have arrived, while far different
from those of others, are supported by the facts
and statistics which appear in those reports. I
wish to state some of those facts which I think
ought to be considered and explained. If you will
look at the report of the Postmaster General, at
the session of 1845-'46, you will find stated the
mode by which the mail facilities existing at
at and prior to the act of 1845 were sought to be
continued and increased. You will find that the
first step specifically stated to Congress in that re-
port was a reduction of a million of dollars in the
cost of carrying the mails in the new contracts or
lettings under that act, part of which was already
effected, and the remainder to be effected as soon
as the new lettings should take place. How was
this reduction effected? Why, just in the way
which has enabled the advocates of a further re-
duction in the rates of postage to state that the mail
facilities of the country have increased instead of
diminished. What they mean by the effective
mail service of the country, or mail facilities, is
the carrying simply of the mail matter any how—
over the water or under the water—over any sort
of roads, artificial or natural—no matter in what
co'ndition they are carried, whether exposed to the
floods and the rains or not, or whether they are car-
ried punctually. That is what is now called effect-
ive mail service. ThePostmaster General, in 1845,
explains how he made the reduction of a million of
dollars in carrying the mail. It was not by a re-
duction of the routes upon which the mails were
to be carried, or the number of miles over which
they were to be carried; it was by reducing the
grade of mail service—by reducing or abolishing
the coach service—by providing that the mails on
a great number of routes, on which they had for-
merly been carried in close coaches, might be car-
ried on horseback, in sulkeys, in carts, or in what
some twenty-years ago were called spankers in
Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What are
they ?
Jlr. BELL. They are very ugly machines, and
nowise agreeable. The Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Borland] reminds me that in Texas alone I
the increase of transportation since 1845 has been 1
some eight hundred and ninety-seven thousand
miles. Now, what is the conclusion to be formed
upon this subject ? I will not refer to particular
localities, in which I have a personal knowledge
of the falling off of what I call effective mail ser-
vice; but I know that we load more effective ser-
vice in the Southwest twelve years ago than we
have now. One striking fact I will state, which
may have more weight with gentlemen than any
reasoning I can employ; and that is, that at this
day a less amount is expended in the transporta-
tion of the mails than was paid twelve years ago,
exclusive of the foreign mail service. And yet
gentlemen say that there has been a large increase
in the effective mail service; but it is not the sort
of service that we had in 1837, 1838, and 1839;
J and if this measure passes, we probably never
shall have a restoration of the amount of that sort
of service in the Southwest and West, which is
most advantageous in those sections. Why, pro-
vision is made in this very bill—so popular is the
idea of cheap postage—that the moment the re-
I ceipts are five per cent, over the expenses, the
; Postmaster General shall, at his discretion, reduce
\ the letter postage to a uniform rate of two cents,
the moment there shall be an excess of revenue
over expenditure under this bill, if it shall become
a law. That excess can only be expected under a
continued system of reduction in the grade of mail
service; by reducing or abolishing routes on which
the mail is now carried in coaches, and providing |
that they may partly be carried on horseback, or |
| in carts or wagons. I have stated that the amount
paid for the transportation of the mails is not so
great now as it was twelve years ago, as evidence
that the effective mail service has been diminished
in that period. It is alleged, however, that the
mails are now carried over a far greater number of
miles than at any former time. While that is true,
yet the effect of the diminished cost of transporta-
tion has been not only to reduce the grade of mail
service from coaches to sulkeys and horseback,
but to embarrass and greatly to diminish the effect-
iveness of the service on those routes on which the
mails are still carried in coaches. The system of
reduction and retrenchment in the cost of trans-
portation, in order to keep down the expenditures
of the Department, in order to gratify the desire
for cheap postage, has had the effect of tempting
inexperienced and speculative contractors to under-
take to carry the mail at rates below the real value
of the service. Hence the delays and defalcations
in carrying the mails over many important routes.
Important mail services are undertaken under a .
competition, encouraged by the Government, at j
nominal or almost nominal rates, for the mere rep- :|
utation of conveying the mails, and to keep out ;
competitors in conveying passengers. Hence it is !
that when the contract begins to pinch and pas- i
sengers offer, the mails are often thrown out to
take the rain, or left by the way. In the case of j i
the great route from Cumberland to Wheeling, it |
is notorious that the contractors have been com-
pelled to save themselves by the transportation of
oysters as a part of their regular business. I do
not know that there has been any defalcation in
carrying the mail on that line; but, sir, it was only
the other day that the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Downs] informed us that at no period in the
history of the Government had there been so many
irregularities and defalcations in carrying the mails
in the Southwest. There is no reason to believe
that these failures have resulted from the neglect
of the Post Office Department. They are the re-
sult of the policy of cheap postage, and the conse-
quent necessity of stinting the compensation to
contractors.
I desire now to advert to some authentic and of-
ficial facts, to show that I am right in the state-
ments I have made in the course of my remarks
in relation to the cost and efficiency of the mail
service now and at a former period. From the
report of the Postmaster General at the present
session of Congress, it appears that the cost of
transporting the mails during the last year, (1850,)
excluding the foreign mail routes, was $2,724,420.
] I have before me a table reported to Congress in
I 1844-'45 by the Postmaster General, showing the
annual cost of transporting the mails from the year
1837, inclusive, to the year 1845. From this ta-
ble it appears that there was paid for transporting
the mails iu 1837 the sum of $2,895,622; in 1838,
$3,131,308;in 1839 ,#3,285,622;in 1840, $3,296,876;
in 1841, $3,159,375; in 1842, §3,087,796; in 1843,
$2,947,319; in 1844, #*938,551. It thus appears
that instead of any increase in the post office reve-
nue applicable to the transportation of the mails
in the last twelve or thirteen years, the amount
has actually been considerably diminished in that
period; and I insist that the real and effective mail
service in that period has been diminished—at
least I think 1 may say that I know it is so in the
Southwest,
One of the propositions in this amendment of the
committee was to appropriate a million of dollars
to meet the deficiencies under this bill, should it
pass into a law; but now, by an amendment of-
fered by an individual member, that is cut down
to $500,000. This proceeding I consider as an
evidence that this whole subject has received less
consideration than it deserves, and that it merits
a more thorough examination than we are at this
time able to give it. It has not been possible, in
the "state of things which has existed in Congress
at the late and during the present session, to give
that attention to this subject which it deserves. It
involves too many details—too many calculations—
statistics too voluminous to be safely passed upon
within the time allotted to us at this stage of the
session. The alterations—the reduction proposed
in the present rates of postage—are too important,
too considerable, to be adopted without further in-
vestigation than we can now give. I think, sir, at
this late stage of the session, when we have all the
appropriation bills yet to pass upon, and we have
other public business of great importance before
us, it is time that we should test the sense of the
Senate, and ascertain whether they will agree to
either of the propositions before us; and if no other
member will make a test question, I will do so
myself. I will move to lay the whole bill upon
the table.
Mr. RUSK. I hope we shall get a vote. I was
glad to hear the honorable Senator from Tennessee
say that he intended to test the sense of the Sen-
ate upon the question whether we should pass any
bill at all, by moving to lay this on the table. The
question now is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey. It has been decided by the
Senate twice already, and I submit it to him and
to the friends of a reduction of postage, whether
or not we are arriving at the consummation of our
object by offering amendments almost identically
the same.
Mr. MILLER. I was not aware that this
amendment had been proposed in any shape or
form.
Mr. RUSK. It has been acted upon twice;
once by offering as a substitute the section of the
House for that of the Senate, and then, by a direct
vote, to reduce the postage to this rate when pre-
paid. I will not consume the time of the Senate
by entering into any argument with the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] I will, however,
give the information for which he asks. I take it
from the report of the Postmaster General, as to
the number of post offices in different years in the
United States. In 1844 there were 14,103, and in
1850 there were 18,417. This looks like a little
efficiency. Length of the routes in 1844 was 144,-
687 miles, in 1850 it was 178,672 miles. The total
amount of mail transportation in 1844 was 35,509,-
624 miles, in 1850 it was 46,541,423 miles. This
shows some little efficiency. These predictions
were made before the passage of the bill in 1845.
In fact the predictions were that it would break
down the Department, and no man wasmorestrong
in these predictions than the then Postmaster Gen-
eral; but before the end of his service—and every-
body will give Mr. Johnson credit for being an
economical man—he favored the reduction, and on
the principle of increasing the revenue, too.
In answer to the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Miller,] I will read from a communication which
was addressed to me on the 29th of January by
the Postmaster General:
"The House having deliberately filed the rate of inland
letter postage at three cents the single rate, without regard
