1891.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
31st Cong 2i> Sess.
Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Gwin, Miller, Sfc. Price $ 1 50 fob this Session.
to prepayment, i propose to say, in reference to this feature
of the bill, that the experienced financial officer ofthis De-
partment, after a most careful examination, estimates an
increased reduction in the revenues of the Department for
the next fiscal year of .$700,000 over and above the reduc-
tion which would have been caused by reducing our inland
letter postage to five cents the single rate when unpaid, and
three cents when prepaid.
'• The same officer estimates a reduction in the revenue
for the next Steal year, by the adoption of a uniform three
cent rate for California and Oregon, of $399,000 beyond the
reduction which would have been caused by the reduction i
of letter postage to and from Oregon and California to one
half the present rates.
" While i would recommend a very large reduction of
the present letter postage to and from California and Oregon,
I feel it my duty to state that the great expense of our ocean
lines, and the extraordinary cost of transportation across
the Isthmus and in California, not only justify but require
an increased rate of postage on these long routes. Unless
this feature of the hill is changed, we shall have, as rates ;
of postage from New York and New Orleans to Cuba,
twelve and a half cents; to Chagres, twenty cents; to
Panama, thirty cents; and to California and Oregon (not-
withstanding the greatly increased distance) only three
cents."
Now, the question for us to determine is, wheth- ,
er we will throw the burden of the Post Office
Department on the Treasury, to the amount of.
$1,190,000, and thereby endanger, and in fact de-
stroy, the scheme of low postages altogether, or
adopt these rates which have been concurred in by
the most experienced officers of the Government
as being such as will very nearly, if not entirely,
meet the expenses of the Department ? I feel con- 1
fident that this will be the case, for I have given a
good deal of attention to the subject, and exam-
ined it very thoroughly. I do not pretend to make
my estimates as rapidly as some gentlemen who
seem to come to their conclusions by a sort of in-
tuition. I make a careful examination before I
hazard an opinion. My own opinion is, that if
the substitute which has been prepared by me
upon consultation with many of the most expe-
rienced officers of the Government is adopted, the
next fiscal year will see the Post Office Depart-
ment maintain itself. If so, we shall be in a con-
dition to reduce the letter postage still lower. My
opinion is, that at no distant day Congress will
make some reforms in the law, and do something
with the enormous franking privilege, and curtail
the expenses, as it may easily be done with the
post offices throughout the country, and at the
same time give the mail service more efficiency and
certainty. I have no doubt that if the present sub-
stitute for the bill is adopted, the time will soon
come when the postage can be reduced to two
cents on letters prepaid. But if we attempt it
now, and find the deficiency of a million of dol-
lars falling on the Treasury, the result will be
that we shall go back to the old rates, or higher
ones.
Mr. GWIN. The document which the Sena-
tor from Texas has just read to the Senate, in ref-
erence to the postage to California and Oregon,
makes it proper that I should allude to that which
I did not intend to allude until the question came
up on the adoption of the substitute for the bill of
the House. I think the Department is altogether
mistaken 
Mr. RUSK. That is not the question.
Mr. GWIN. I am prepared to show that the
estimates are not correct, and there is an entire
mistake as to the deficiency which will originate
from the House bill on the line to the Pacific coast.
I do not want the Senate to be prejudiced against
uniform rates of postage for California and Ore-
gon from the statements of the Department. I
am prepared to show that the Postmaster General
is mistaken.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to say one word in re-
ply to my friend from Texas. My amendment
has no reference to printed matter; it merely refers
to the postage on letters. I have understood, from
communications with the Postmaster General, that
the great expense for transporting mailable matter
to Oregon and California was from the transporta-
tion of the printed matter across the Isthmus.
Mr. RUSK. The estimated deficiency from
printed matter is only 4200,000.
Mr. MILLER. With regard to letters, there
oan be no great additional expense on account of
the transportation of letters across the Isthmus of
Panama. The weight cannot be great, of course,
and in extending mail accommodations to these
newly-acquired Territories, we should expect
•on}e additional expense. But I do not perceive
New Series—No. 18.
that that should interfere with the general princi-
ple at all—whether the reduction of postages gives
greater facilities in the transportation of the mail
or not, and at the same time increases the reve-
nues. I am aware that the estimates made by the
Postmaster General differ entirely from others that
I have seen. He thinks there will be a great defi-
ciency. I think experience, so far as the experi-
ment has been tried in England, proves the con-
trary. 1 am willing to venture upon the rate
proposed by the House.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say one word upon the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Jersey. The bill, as it now stands, proposes to i
reduce the rates of postage to three cents on pre- ■
payment, and five cents where there is not a prior
payment. The Senator from New Jersey pro- ,
poses to strike out the option, and require a ■
prepayment from everybody. _ I
Mr. MILLER. The Senator is mistaken. ■
There is no prepayment required. It is left just
as the House Sill left it. I
Mr. CLAY. I thought his proposition was ;
that there should be prepayment m all cases. ,
That not being the case, I will not make the re- j
marks I intended to make, because they will not
have application to Phe amendment as I now un-
derstand it to be. But I am disposed to go along
with the committee, and with the estimates which
that committee has derived from the proper De-
partment, after a full comparison of the effect of
all the provisions in the bill sent to us from the
House of Representatives. We have heard a
great deal aboijt the universal demand for cheap
postage. Amidst the millions who cried out
j " Give us cheap postage," has there been any one
! who has looked at the financial effect of reducing
1 the postage to this or that sum? The people want
, free postage, and should have it, when that can be
S done without a bad effect upon our revenue. It is
I our business to see to the -consequences; and
j whether the Post Office Department, which has
j hitherto relied upon its own resources, shall be
made to depend upon a tax upon the people, in
. order to relieve them from a slight amount of post-
age. Sirf in all of these movements caution and
prudence should characterize every step. The re-
duction made in 1845 was a suitable one; though
attended with some doubt with regard to its effect,
it has turned out pretty well. Now, it is pro-
i posed to come down from five and ten cents to
three and five. Gentlemen are often misled with
1 regard to this reduction. We know that the re-
i duction of a tax sometimes increases the reve-
nues which are derivable from it. That takes
place to a certainj^wt, beyond which you cannot
go; for if the ar^^^Bt is to be pushed to the ex-
treme, take off aH^^and you will have a greater
amount of revenue. The great difficulty is to
I strike the point which will give the requisite reve-
nue, and at the same time afford the required fa-
cilities to the community at large. In this matter
' we should move slowly and with caution; and I
think it is a great thing, in giving facility to the
business, when you come down to the rates pro-
posed by the committee. Let us pause and see
what the effect will be upon the country and its
correspondence, and if hereafter we find we can
safely and justly make other reductions, do it.
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to say a single word
in favor of the adoption of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New Jersey. I con-
cur with him in his views in relation to the amend-
ment. In the first place, I think it is very desirable
I that the friends of a cheap postage bill, if we ex-
pect to carry one through at the present session,
should change as little as possible from the provis-
! ions of the act which has nassed the House of
I Representatives. But, sir, if it were an original
question, and the Senate have determined, as I
believe we all have, not to require prepayment in
' all cases, I cannot see the justice of imposing the
| entire loss which the Government may sustain by
the carriage of letters which shall not be taken out
of the mails by those to whom they are directed,
upon those who do receive and pay for the letters
which are sent to them without prepayment. Why
i should this loss which is sustained by the carriage
of dead letters be thrown entirely upon those who
, receive and pay for their letters, any more than
, upon those who deposit their letters and pay the
| postage at the time of the deposit ? I am unable
to see. Those who deposit their letters pay for'
the service which they expect Government to per-
form for them. Those who receive letters pay for
service which Government has performed at the
same rate. Why should they be required to pay *
more because a certain portion of the correspond-
ence carried in the mails is directed to individuals
who do not think proper to take it from the office ?
It appears to me the provisions of the House bill
are just, and if we would make any change so as
to prevent the possibility of any loss being sus-
tained by the Government, it should not be by
throwing this entirely upon those who receive and
pay for their letters after their transmission; but it
should be by requiring that all letters should be
prepaid. I am not in favor of that provision; but
if Congress is prepared to adopt a system which
i will prevent Government from sustaining any loss
by the transmission of dead letters, it seems to me
that is the only system which will accomplish the
object.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not adopted.
Mo. BRADBURY. I move to amend the sub-
, stitute by adding to it the following additional sec-
. tion:
I " Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the first day of December next, the right of franking now
possessed by members of Congress shall cease."
I propose that this provision shall take effect at
, a future day, if adopted, in order that members of
Congress may dispose of the documents which
have been ordered. The object which I have in
■ I view is to prevent the mails being encumbered
with an immense quantity of comparatively use-
. less matter that now burdens them, and also to
j put some check to the system of printing docu-
I merits, and thus save the enormous expense of
I the system of bookmaking into which Congress
i has entered. I believe the subject will be under-
stood without further remarks, and I ask the yeas
j and nays on the amendment.
j The yeas and nays were ordered,
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I shall support
the amendment of the Senator from Maine. I
II think it is evenhanded justice. I do not perceive
the least propriety in giving to a member of Con-
' gress the right to send to his friends at the expense
' of the Government such documents as he may
' think proper to bestow on them, and to leave
others either deprived of mailable matter or charged
,! with the expense of paying for its transportation.
;; Nor can there be any justice in requiring that thirty
thousand persons shall pay for the transportation
of those documents which fall into the hands of «ne.
They are taxed for the benefit of others, not for
their own benefit, nor for the benefit of the coun-
try at large. I think the amendment sound in
j principle, and I shall therefore vote for it.
Mr. RUSK. I would be in favor of abolishing
the franking privilege if we had a bill before us
drawn up with reference to that object. But the
amendment proposed only half abolishes this priv-
ilege; it leaves untouched the franking privilege of
, heads of Departments. It is a complicated subject,
| and one which should be taken up and examined
I with care. I would be willing to support such an
I amendment if we had a bill prepared to conform
j to the object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I admit there is
! force in the objection of the chairman of the Post
Office Committee; but I think this amendment is
carrying out the scriptural injunction. It proposes
that we should cast the beam out of our own eyes
before we take the mote out of the eyes of others.
If we can abolish the franking privilege of mem-
bers of Congress, we shall soon be able to abolish
it altogether. This is the first great step. Justice
should begin at home, where I think we can best
apply it in this case, if we can apply it at all.
The other statement of the Senator from Maine
has great force. This will undoubtedly reduce to
a large extent tt e amount of the printing of docu-
ments. We shall no longer print a large number
of documents with a view to have matter for cir-
culation, and hereafter we shall only print those
which are valuable. If they are worth sending,
they are worth paying for.
Mr. DAYTON. I think I stand m a position
in which I can hardly feel much self-interest in
this matter, as this is Hot to take effect until the
first of next December. But it seems to me that
