274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2Q,
3 1st Cong 2d Sess. Reduction of Postage—Messrs. Doivns, Hamlin, Badger, fyc.
Senate.
it would be unwise, under all the circumstances,
10 adopt this amendment. I think that the repre-
sentatives of the people, while acting in their offi-
cial capacity, should have the power both of re-
ceiving printed and written matter freely. I do
not participate in this general cry which "is made
against the franking privilege. I think it is not
abused by members of Congress. I think that
the exercise of it is r.ot an exercise for our benefit,
but for the benefit of our constituents. It seems
to me to be wise, therefore, to continue this priv-
ilege, which has beea exercised from the founda-
tion of the Government up to the present time,
and which I suspect will be continued as long as
the Government continues. I suppose that the
privilege now exi&ts in every legislative assembly
in the world. It certainly exists in the Parliament
of Gre.\t Britain. Each member, I think,is there
confined to some twelve franks per day for letters
to be sent, and some fifteen for letters received.
That was the rule; but I do not know what is the
rule now.
There is still another objection to the amend-
ment. If you adopt this provision, the bill fails;
the whole matter of cheap postage is gone. The
House will not agree to it. I hope the amend-
ment will be rejected.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope this amendment will
.not prevaii. If I was consulting my own conve-
nience, ease, or gratification, I would vote for it
very cheerfully, because all know that it imposes
upon members a large amount of onerous busi-
ness. But I shall vote against it, because I think
it is one of those reforms which the people do not
demand, and with which they would be dissatis-
fied, for it is for their benefit, and not for that of
members of Congress. I see no reason why
members of Congress should be placed in a differ-
ent position in this respect from that of every
other legislative body that I know of everywhere;
for even in a State Legislature and m State Con-
ventions they have what amounts to the franking
privilege. It is thought a matter so reasonable
and proper that the public documents should be
carried through the mails witiiout charge to the
members of those bodies, or to those to whom
they are sent, that I believe it is usual to defray ;
these expenses by the States themselves. I know .
it is so 111 my State, and, so far as I know, it is
so everywhere.
Mr. President, I cannot see any objection to
sending abroad this printed matter. Gentlemen
should recollect that we live in a Republic where
the action of the Government depends upon the
people, where we talk a great deal about education
and information. It is said that we should give
the people information so far as we can possibly
do it. I know that the printing of documents lias
been carried too far, that we print too much; but i
I am not prepared to say that we shall stop this
printing, because the documents we send abroad
diffuse information among the people which they
would not otherwise get. The printing of these
documents, as I said, has been carried too far,
perhaps, but still I am not prepared to put an end
to it. The honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] says we should stop it because we
cannot send ihese documents to everybody. True,
we cannot: but those individuals to whom they
are sent very often diffuse the information among
others. It is no argument that because we cannot
Bend them to every individual, we should not send
to any. The man who does not receive the docu-
ments himself may be affected by them, because
the information will be diffused by those who do
receive them. I have always conceived it to be
the duty of public men in legislative bodies to give
the people all possible information as to the action
of such legislative bodies, and the reasons for the
policy they are pursuing. It is plain that sending
out these documents is the only means of accom-
plishing that object. You often hear members
complain of the labor connected with sending these
documents, and that they are annoyed by appli-
cations for them. I complain perhaps as much as
any one; yet if you go into the country and ask
those who read these documents and deliberate
upon them, you will find that they will tell you
tney are valuable and useful, and that they are not
ta. illing to be deprived of them. They are useful
and valuable to them, and I for one am not pre*
pared to put ati end to sending them. Of all the ,i
1 expenses of the Government, this is one of which
the people have not complained.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will detain the Senate a
very short time. I shall vote for the amendment
of my colleague, and I shall do so with great
cheerfulness, and simply for the reason that I be-
lieve it right. 1 know of no reason by which you
can justify the support of the Post Office Depart-
ment, which should support itself from those who
pay its revenues, by taxing it with free, mutter
which is distributed through the country. I know
of no good reason which will justify you in im-
posing upon one class of the community the let-
ter postage of another class, to support the system
for the purpose of diffusing free matter. The only
right rule is, that everything which goes through
the mail should be paid for. True, you may have
different rates, and the bill provides that there
shall be. Now, in addition to the right of the
thins, as I have it, I think it will serve to check
the distribution of a great deal of useless matter.
That which is worth sending is worth paying for;
and if it be of public importance enough to send
through the community, if the Government is
disposed to say it shall go through the mails free,
then the Government should pay for its distribu-
tion. If Senators are dispose^ to say it is of im-
portance enough to be paid for, let the Government
pay, and I will join with them; but I am opposed
to permitting anything to go through the mails
without being paid for. I shall vote, I suppose,
very much as I have voted upon specific reforms
in relation to postage, with some half a dozen Sen-
ators, but I believe I vote right.
Mr. BADGER. I was about suggesting that
the period of the day has nearly arrived when the
, Senate is in the habit of adjourning; and as this
'j question is entirely a new one and has been sprang
: upon us very suddenly—[laughter]—as it is very
important to our constituents, to ourselves, and to
, the whole printing press of the country in various
ways, and as in all probability the Senate have not
made up their minds one way or the other, I
would suggest whether we had not better take a
j night to think upon it, especially when we ronsid-
: er that we have full ten days of the session left,
! and, besides this business, I know of nothing of
[ importance that we have to consider except the
general appropriation bills. [Lauehter.] And,
therefore, if it meets with the approbation of Sen-
ators, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand the Senator from
Maine to say that everything which passes through
the mails should be paid for. If public function-
aries, if Senators and Representatives, where pub-
lic duty imposes upon them the burden of a very
heavy correspondence, and reaves not only the
receipt but the transmission ofl^Bbh printed'mat-
ter, shall not have the frcedon^Whe mails, what
will the Senator say to the newspapers? I would
like to know whether the Senator, in carrying out
his principle, would require that all printed mat-
ter, all exchange newspapers shall be paid for by
newspaper proprietors? I understand that the ex- '
changes which are received by newspaper estab-
lishments, in five of ourprincipal cities, amount to
something like fifty thousand a week,* for which
they do not pay, and the newspapers which go to
individuals who do pay are only about twenty-six
thousand; so that two thirds of the newspapers of
the country which go through the mails to these
cities are free. I suppose the Senator, in carrying
out that principle, would take from the newspa-
pers the privilege of sending and receiving the ex-
change paners free. I should like to know how
that would be.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 shall detain the Senate
hut a moment, in reply to a remark of the Senator
from Louisiana. He regards the circulation of
documents and speeches to be very important as
a means of disseminating valuable information.
If the documents and speeches are of real value,
* The number of exchange and chargeable newspapers
received in one week at five of our principal cities are, ac-
cording to official returns, as follows:
Excbanffes.
Cincinnati  2.009
Philadelphia 9.758
Ttostoil  2,64fi
New Orleans  2,960
New York 35,000
Chargeable.
7/>91
3,791
7,603
5,000
52,373
26,307
tliey are worth the paying the postage on them.
The amount would be small, and a great object
would be effected by the charge. By adopting the
provision to abolish the right of franking, as I
have proposed, we shall discriminate as to the
character of the matter we disseminate, and pub-
lish and send abroad that which is really valu-
able, and thereby avoid the printing and loading
the mails with useless trash. Congressional book-
making has grown into an enormous abuse. At
the last session three volumes were made up of
the President's message and accompanying docu-
ments, and printed for general circulation. By
examining these documents, it will be found that
large portions of them are taken up with mere de-
tails and minute estimates, (such, for example, as
those from the Quartermaster's Department,) of
little or no value to the general reader; and with-
out any discrimination, we publish and circulate
this immense mass of unassorted materials,
through which the general reader must wade to
get at what is of any interest to him. Near the
close of the last session, by a single act, we au-
thorized a contract for the publication of works
which will probably involve an expense of some
four hundred thousand dollars. There is no way
of checking the abuse of Congressional book-
making, unless we abolish the right of franking
documents. Do this, and we shall then be able
to discriminate as to what we order to be printed
in large numbers, and circulate what is really
valuable to the reader, and thus avoid the print-
ing and loading the mails with what is not. As
to speeches and documents which contain valuable
information, I have already said they are worth
the postage; and I will add that the local newspa-
per press can be relied on to give them a very
general circulation. I hope we shall begin a re-
form, by adopting the amendment proposed.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the question is ta-
ken, I desire to suggest to the Senator from
Maine, that such an amendment as this necessarily
carries with it another amendment. In the bill as
it now stands, there is an appropriation of five
i hundred thousand dollars for this very purpose.
I Under the law of 1845 two hundred thousand
' dollars annually is appropriated. If we abolish
i the franking privilege, it will be necessary to
amend the bill by striking out that portion of it.
i Mr. CASS. I consider the privilege of frank-
ing to be the privilege of the people, and not
of their representatives; and I believe this amend-
ment would cut off every means of communica-
tion between their representatives and the people.
I suppose the postage on letters to members of
Congress would sometimes cost hundreds of dol-
lars if they would take them up and pay for
1 them. Ithas been said that the Legislature of
nearly every State in the Union has made such
a provision in some way. The honorable Sen-
ator [Mr. Hamlin] says that if the documents
are worth receiving they are worth paying for.
It is not so. A book is worth receiving, but is
not always worth the amount of postage upon it.
And when would they reach the individuals by
the ordinary means of transportation? After ait
the subjects had passed, and were become as old
tales. If I can judge by myself, I suppose every
Senator receives many letters every day, asking-
; for documents of every description, and saying
! that the country is anxious for them. I think the
proposed amendment, instead of being a reform,
is a step backward.
Mr. HALE. I did not mean to say a word on
this subject; but I think the assertion that this
privilege is enjoyed by all deliberative assemblies
in the world is all moonshine. There are now
1 thirty-one Legislatures in this country, and I doubt
if the members of any one of them enjoy the frank-
ing privilege.
Mr. CASS. Nobody says they do.
Mr. HALE. Well, it is said by some that
three or four have it in substance. No Legisla-
ture, that I know of, has it in any form. I know
that in my own State they have never dreamt of
such a thing. It seems that gentlemen who say
that every deliberative assembly enjoy it, speak
without the book. Now, if the honorable Senator
from Michigan wants to enlarge this privilege for
the purpose of being bored with applications for
public documents, I think it is one of the strongest
arguments in favor of abolishing it. I receive
