278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Pearce and Gicin.
Senate.
There is another reason why neither the Mexi-
can nor the military contribution tariffs could be in
force in California after the peace, to wit: the 8th
section of the first article of the Constitution of
the United States expressly declares that " all du-
ties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform through-
out the United States." Inasmuch as neither of
these tariffs conformed to this part of the Consti-
tution, neither could be enforced in California.
The Government of the United States being one
of limited powers, and possessing: only those del-
egated to it by the Constitution, I desire to know
what clause of that instrument authorizes Con-
gress to receive and appropriate any money which
was not collected under authority of law, and the
collection of which was in fact illegal and unau-
thorized.
The only legal course that could have been pur-
sued in California, as I have shown in the case of
Florida and Texas, was to have considered the
ports of that Territory foreign ports, from which
no dutiable goods could be introduced into any
port of the United States without the payment of
duties. This was necessary to protect the reve-
nue, because cargoes of dutiable goods may have
been entered there without paying the duties, not
for consumption in California, but for shipment
to other ports of the United States, which would
have been an evasion of the revenue laws. The
principal argument in favor of passing the law of
3d March, 1849, was to get clear of this difficulty, !
and to prevent the injury that might result to the ;
national revenue for the want of power to collect :
duties in California.
I have thus shown, Mr. President, from the
President's message, official documents, Treasury
circulars, laws of the land, and the adjudication
of these circulars and laws by the Supreme Court
of the United States, that the collection of duties
in California, up to the time when the act of 3d
March, 1849, went into operation, was without
authority of law; that it was an assumption of
power not warranted by any law, and cannot be '
legalized by the passage of a subsequent one.
This money cannot be paid into the Treasury of
the United States without violating the spirit if
not the letter of the Constitution of the United
States, and creating a precedent that may be dan-
gerous to the Government. These duties were
collected by the edict of military commanders,
from a supposed case of necessity to protect the
interests of the United States. ThHe military
commanders acted from the best and purest mo- !
tives; but their acts were without authority of law, '
and oppressive to the inhabitants of the country [
they governed. This assumption of power was in j
time of peace, and is the first instance, (and I
hope it will be the last,) in the history of the Gov-
ernment, where such power has been assumed and
exercised.
I ask for no condemnation of the acts of these
military commanders, because, as I have said be-
fore, tne parties acted from pure motives: but I
protest against indirectly sanctioning them bv the
payment of this money into the Treasury of the
United States. It was paid by the people of Cal-
ifornia, and exacted from them without authority
of law. Right the wrong inflicted on them by
paying the money back to the State authorities,
to be applied to the support of the State govern-
ment But itmay be said thatthe people ofCalifor-
nia did not pay this money; that the merchants
paid it. This is true; hut who paid the merchants ?
The people who bought the goods upon which the
duties were paid; therefore this money belongs to
the people of California, and should be paid back
to them. The merchant added the duties to the
price of his goods, and added his profits on both
items, and thus he has been more than reimbursed
upon what he paid. I do not appeal to the sym- j;
pathy of this Government, but to its justice, when
1 urge the payment of this money to California.
We have had none of the benefits of territorial
organization; we have had no roads made, and
public buildings built from the money of the Gen-
eral Government. As yet we have had no dona-
tions from the public domain; no laws authorizing
the settlement of land claims; to separate from
the public domain private property, upon which
taxes could be levied to support the State gov-
ernment. "i ou withhold from sale all the mineral
lands in that State, and give us no power to de-
rive revenue from them. The roving nature of
the population makes it difficult, and almost im-
possible, to collect a poll-tax. From the state of
affairs in that country—well known to the Senate
—the necessary expenses in carrying on the
State government are enormous. The constitu-
tion of the State prohibits the Legislature from
contracting a State debt for a sum exceeding
$300,000, which she now owes for debts hereto-
fore contracted in supporting her State govern-
ment. How can you expect us to maintain our
present system of government, then, without op-
pressive taxes, exacted from the people, unless
we derive some assistance from this Government?
And have we not a most just and meritorious
claim upon this fund, which, if paid to the State,
will relieve us from all of our difficulties, and en-
able us to put our State government into success-
ful operation ? Before the money thus received is
exhausted, we will have laws to separate private
property from the public domain, to grant dona-
tions or preemptions on the public lands, and
some disposition of the mineral lands by which
the State can derive a revenue from them, as from
other portions of real estate within its borders.
' We will have a fixed and settled population, from
whom we can collect a sufficient revenue to sup
j port the State government without oppressing
; them.
With all these great advantages which will fol-
low the payment of this fund to the citizens of
California, is it not the policy as well as the duty
of Congress to give it that direction? Separated
thousands of miles, by almost impassable moun-
tains, from the rest of the Union, with grateful
recollections of their former homes, this act of
I justice on the part of Congress will be looked upon j
: as an earnest of future favors, such as have been
' conferred upon other new States, and will strength-
en, if that be possible, their attachment to "the
Government. There is but one opinion on this
j subject in California, and that is, that this fund of
j right belongs to the people of the State; and if we
do not authorize its payment to the State during
the present Congress, the voice of a united people
will declare that injustice has been done which
will cause onerous taxes to be exacted from them.
It should be borne in mind that there were no
United States courts in California to protect its
people against these illegal exactions; that they
had to submit, or expel the military authorities, or
have their ships and cargoes driven off the coast
by the naval power of the Government, which
would have brought on a famine in the country.
If there had been United States courts there, these
collections would have been h^^ntly suspended
on an appeal to those tribun^BThere are nu-
merous decisions made by thPBfireme Court of
the United States, besides the one I have cited,
and courts of high authority, by which the dis-
trict courts would have been governed, all going
to show that these duties could not bj legally col-
lected. I will name a few of them:
1. Taking duties illegally, by order of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, is not justified. (Tracy
vs. Swartwout, 10 Peters, p. 80.) In this case the
Secretary of the Treasury expressly decided that,
before the passage of a law creating acollection
district in California, the collection of duties was 1
illegal. i
2. Duties exacted where none are laid by law
cannot be recovered by suit. (Ripley tis. Gelsten, I
New York Reports.) If the people of California
could have brought their suits in a United States
court, under this decision they could have success-
fully resisted the collection of these duties.
3- Judge Story decided that the power to assess
duties is vested in Congress, and it must provide
for all cases, or the unprovided are excluded; and
that 4< no duties are payable unless expressly pro-
vided for by Congress." j,
President Taylor recommended the expenditure
of this fund by Congress: but it is more import-
ant to the State, as well as more just, that it
should be placed under the exclusive control of \
the State authorities, who understand the wants j
of the community better than we can here, with
the imperfect sources of information that are open
tous. Yet this proposition of President Taylor
is far more liberal than the one contained in the
bill of the Committee on Finance.
In regard to the fund collected under the act of
J the 3d of March, 1849, I consider it equally just
! to pay it over to the State government. If, when
'that act passed, a government had been estab-
lished in California, by whicli life, liberty, and
property would have been protected, no one would
have objected to the execution of the law. But
the effort to establish a -system of government
failed, and this act was passed for the ostensible
reason that it was necessary to protect the reve-
nues of the United States on the Atlantic as well
as on the Pacific coast. The great principle of no
taxation without representation brought this Gov-
ernment (a blessing to mankind^ into existence;
and this principle shoutd be kept inviolate in our
legislation. It is to carry it out that I ask for the
payment of this fund to California. But if it does
not exist, it would be just and proper to make
this disposition of the fund, to assist us in putting
our State government into operation. As I have
before stated, we have had none of the benefits of
appropriations made from the National Treasury,
to erect public buildings, make and improve high-
ways, and develop the resources of the country.
The territorial pupilage, through which every
other new State has passed, lias been denied to
us, and we have been forced into a State organiza-
tion attended with great and extraordinary ex-
penses. It is therefore proper, upon every princi-
ple that should govern our legislation, that both
of these funds should be paid over to the State of
Californ ia.
Mr. PEARCE. The object of the Senator from
| California is to have this large fund, the amount
' of which we do not know, but which cannot be
less than one million andahalf of dollars,received
in California chiefly for duties on goods imported
] into San Francisco, paid into the Treasury of that
I State. I have listened to the arguments by which
the Senator from California has endeavored to sus-
tain his proposition. What are they ? In the first
place, he asserts that there was no authority of
law for the collection of duties in California be-
tween the time of the treaty of peace and the ap-
pearance of the collector of that port in November,
1849. That is true, and is precisely what I stated
to tiie Senate when I undertook to explain the
provisions of the bill. There was no authority for
collecting duties, or rather no legal machinery by
which the collection could be made, nor could
there be any until Congress should act upon the
subject. But that is not the only want of law
which applies to the case. By the general revenue
system of the United States, which constructively
but necessarily applied as well to Territories as to
States, and to Territories newly acquired, too,
without any statute in express words extending
them to such Territories, goods cannot be imported
into any portion of the United States except into
a collection district, nor can they be unladen any-
where except at a port of entry or delivery; a port
of entry being always a port of delivery. That is
the general law, established by the act of 1799, to
provide for the collection of duties; and as soon as
California became a part of the United States, by
the treaty of peace and cession, that general reve-
nue law applied there as well as everywhere else.
I presume that it will not be denied that the laws
of the United States, so far as they were applica-
ble, would at once be in force there as well as else-
where. I suppose, for example, that it would be
illegal to counterfeit the coin of the United States
there. And that if our fellow-citizens of Califor-
nia levied war against the United States, that
would be treason quite as certainly as it would be
in Maryland. There cannot be any doubt, I think,
that the general provisions of the law which pro-
hibits the introduction of goods from a foreign port
into any place within the limits of the United
States, unless it be a port of entry or a port of de-
livery, applied to California just as well as it does
anywhere else. It may be that this provision
would operate with great hardship upon the peo-
ple of a Territory who, by reason of Congress not
providing the necessary machinery for the execu-
tion of the general law for the collection of the
revenue, could not unlade in any place within the
Territory their goods imported from foreign coun-
tries.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire how he interprets the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States on that ques-
tion?
