1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
31 st Cong *2d SesS. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Pearce and Walker.
Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I am coming to that presently,
but I will say at once that I interpret that decision ,
Terr differently from the Senator from California. ■
The general revenue law cannot be mistaken. It
is exclusive and specific, that no goods can be en-
tered into any port of the United States, unless it
be a port of entry or delivery, and whoever does
so enter them is subjected to a forfeiture and
seizure of tlie goods. It is true, there were no
officers of the customs in California to make the
seizure; but the importation of the poods was no
less a violation of the law because there was no-
body there to enforce it. Those merchants who
imported the goods into California, and were al-
lowed to unlade them, suffered no hardship on the
payment of the duties. On the contrary, they
derived a benefit from the power thus assumed,
or, if you please, usurped by the military author-
ities of the United States In that Territory. If
ther could not have entered, they could not hate
■old their goods, and loss and "ruin would have
followed. That loss and that ruin were averted
by the assumption of power on the part of the
military officers of the United States. I admit all
that. There was, indeed, no officer of the cus-
toms legally empowered to demand and receive
the duties, and in that sense they may be said to
have been illegal. But they were paid; and two
propositions are now before Congress—one to re-
fund these duties to the merchants who paid them,
and another to pay the amount into the treasury
of the State of California. When the merchants
ask us to refund to them, -we reply, you do not
come before us with clean hands; you violated the
law when you took your goods into San Fran-
cisco, which was not a port of entry or delivery,
and not even within the limits of a collection dis-
trict. They were liable to seizure. But your ;
goods were not seized. The authorities there as- 1
sumed the right to allow you to pay the duties,
and you got the benefit of that authority, illegal
as it was, and it is not proper for you to come
now and assume that, because you were permitted
as a matter of grace and favor to violate the rev-
enue law, you may take advantage of your own
wrong, and demand the return of the duties you
paid as beinj* illegally exacted. It would have
been to some extent a hardship if the law had
been rigidly enforced, inasmuch as the legislation
of Congress had left California unprovided with a
collection district and a collector; and, being a
bard ease, the Committee on Finance were willing
to extend relief by passing this bill, which legal-
izes the acts of the authorities at that time, makes
them right by retrospective effect, and of course
relieves the importing merchants from the penalties
to which they might have been liable.
I understand that some of these merchants have
instituted suits against the officers who acted as
collectors, and that they will be brought up for
adjudication to the Supreme Court of the United
States. If that court shall decide that these par-
ties are entitled to recover back what they have
thus paid, we shall have to pay them. If any-
body is entitled to recover them back, it is these
merchants. The refunding must be to those who
have erroneously paid. But what right has the
State of California to these duties if they be illegal?
The Senator says the merchants have received the
duties back from the consumers of the goods. But
is not that equally the case whenever duties are il-
legally exacted ? And to whom are they ever re-
funded except to those who paid them ? I suppose
we may say that constructively the duties were re-
ceived by the importers, in the prices'which they
charged the jobber or the consumer. But, in point
of fact, we may be sure that if the duties had not
been paid, prices would have been no less. They
were enormously high, out of all manner of pro-
portion to the original cost, because there was such
an extensive demand for them, and the people took
them at the prices established, which I do not sup-
pose would have varied much if no duties had been
paid. At all events, where duties fall upon the
people of the importing country, they are, and are
intended to be, a tax upon the consumers, who in
no part of the United States should escape this con-
tribution to the support of Government.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, (in his seat.)
If the people paid the duties, then they should be
returned to them and not to the merchants.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts suggests that the duties, if returned at all, [
should be paid back to the consumers of the goods, 11
which is tin impossible thing. We could never il
ascertain how or to whom that should be done.
But the Senator from California asks how I can 1
reconcile the doctrine I have stated with the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States in
the case of Fleming and Page. That case decided
a single question, which arose in regard to duties
collected at Philadelphia on goods imported into
that city from Tampieo, while it was in the occu-
pation of the military forces of the United States.
Some persons alleged that, being in the occupation
of the United States, it was not a foreign port, but
that it was a port of the United States, and that
goods imported there should have been entered
without the payment of duties. The court decided,
that although it was so far in the possession and
under the sovereign power of the United States that
the American authority could exclude all foreign
nations from entering that port, and could impose •
such provisions as tney pleased; yet it was not a
domestic port within the meaning of the revenue
laws of the United States; that, as regards for-
eign powers, it was a possession of the United
States, but yet it was not a part of the Union, and
quoad the coasting trade, it was a foreign port.
Besides, the general argument drawn from the
relation in which Tampieo stood to the United
States while it remained in the occupation of the ,
forces of the Union, the court assign a special rea-
son for their decision. They say that there was
no custom-house or collector at Tampieo author-
ized by law, and " consequently there was no offi-
' cer of the United States authorized by law to
• grant the clearance and authenticate the coasting
' manifesto of the cargo, in the manner directed by.
• law where the voyage is from one port of the
'United States to another." To sustain the de-
cision in this view, the Chief Justice referred to
the several cases mentioned by the Senator, which 1
they considered " stronger cases for regardingthe
place of shipment as a domestic port." These I
were the Florida and Baton Rouge cases. After
the cession of Florida to the United States, and
the occupation of Pensacola by the United States
troops, but before a collection district was estab-
lished by law in Florida, goods imported from
that Territory into the collection districts of the
United States were held liable to the payment of
duties, because the authority of law had not been
given to the coasting trade between that Territory
and the United States; and until that was done the !
ports of Florida must be considered as foreign
ports for this purpose only. The same was held
in regard to Baton Rouge, while that place was
still in the possession of Spain. The Chief Justice
sums up by saying that" the (Treasury) Depart-
' ment, in no instance that we are aware of since
«the establishment of the Government, has ever
• recognized a place in .a newly-acquired country
• as a domestic port from which the coasting trade
' might be carried on, unless it had been previous-
• ly made so by act of Congress." The case of
Fleming and Page, therefore, applied to California,
justifies this conclusion, and this only, that goods
imported from California into the established col-
lection districts of the United States before a cus-
tom-house there was authorized by law and a
collector appointed, would be subject to duties,
because the- benefits of the coasting trade cannot
be enjoyed till Congress has sanctioned it and the
formalities prescribed by the general law can be
pursued.
The decision does not declare that a place which,
as regards the revenue laws, may be so far con-
sidered a foreign port that the coasting trade be-
tween it and the United States will not be allowed,
shall also be considered a foreign port for other
purposes. The Castine case only decided that
goods imported into that place during its occupa-
tion by British forces in the last war were liable
only to such duties as the conqueror might impose.
It was during that time to be regarded a foreign
port, quoad our revenue laws. But it was not for
all purposes a foreign place or port. Its inhabit- t
ants were still citizens of the United States, and
owed to the Union their allegiance, modified only
' by the temporary obedience which they owed to :
the conqueror in possession. But in regard to a I
port in the possession of the United States, and |
regularly ceded to them by treaty, which made its ,
inhabitants citizens of the United States, it cun
only be quasi a foreign port within the \ iew* of the
revenue laws, and solely as regard a the freedom
of the coasting trade. Further than this the legal
profession do notconsider the case of Flemmingand
Page to extend. Any different interpretation would
expand the decision beyond the view of the court
and the object of the case, and I venture to say
would astonish the judges whose doctrines aie
thus extended, and, as I think, inverted. Limit-
in"* the decision to its clear import and purpose, it
follows that California is only to be considered a
?i«isi foreign port in regard to the coasting trade,
n all other respects it may and must be considered
a port of the United States; and therefore goods
imported into it from foreign countries must be
subject to the laws of the United States regulating
imports into the United States, and they cannot
therefore be entered and unladen without payment
of duty.
But the Senator says that California has had no
benefit from the Treasury of the United States.
The Senator, at all events, has endeavored to make
some provision for her, and not without success.
I would remark that of the amount collected for
duties in the ports of California a large sum has,
without authority of law, been expended for her
benefit. One hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars were expended in support of their civil
government, or rather for paying the expenses of
the convention which framed Tier constitution.
One hundred thousand dollars have beenjtapplied,
equally without the authority of law, for the relief
of destitute immigrants, and one million one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars were ex-
pended,under the direction of the military authori-
ties, for the purposes of that part of our army
stationed there. All thismoney has been expended
for the benefit of California, without appropriation
i by Congress, but yet in effect from tne National
I Treasury. I admit that California, in consequence
' of her anomalous condition before her admission
as a State, having come into the Union without
1 passing through the probationary condition of a
territorial government, has not received the cus-
tomary grants made to new Territories; but, as
far as I can judge, we have endeavored to make
up for that. There is a provision in another bill
reported by the Committee on Finance, and now
on the Sena's calendar, to pay to California three
hundred tMusand dollars, the sole consideration
! for which is the fact that she has not reaped the
; benefits which our legislation usually extends to
new Territories. I do not perceive, therefore,
that there is any force at all in this argument of the
Senator in support of his amedment. So far as his
argument goes to show the illegalityof the collection
of these duties, no one disputes it. But I suppose we
have a right to legalize it by our legislation now. It
is to relieve those persons who paid these duties that
j we consent to receive them into the Treasury, as
if they had imported their goods into California
by legal authority. They will be discharged, if
we receive the money, from the penalty of forfeit-
ure. This bill is intended to be beneficial to them
as well as those who received the duties without
proper authority. Possibly, I will not say cer-
tainly, we might now enforce the revenue laws
against these importers. We do not, however,
propose tp do this; but to legalize the acts of those
by whom the duties were received, and thus re-
lieve the parties from the penalties to which they
might be liable. In no view does it seem to me
that this Government can be properly required to
pay the amount of these duties into the treasury
of the State of California.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand the Senator
from California—if I do not, he will oblige me by
correcting me—his proposition is this: that these
duties were levied illegally, and that we should not
now attempt to legalize tneir collection by putting
the money into the Treasury of the United States.
That is the argument, as I understand it, in brief.
Well, it becomes a question, then, of the legaliza-
tion of unauthorized acts which have already
transpired. With this argument on the part of
the Senator, I cannot see how he can turn round
and in the next breath ask us to legalize this very
act for the purpose of paying the money over to
the State of California. Now, if this money has
come so illegally into the hands of the officers of
the United States that it cannot be properly placed
