280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 35,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Gwin and Walker. Senate.
in the Treasury of the United States for the gen-
eral purposes of the Government; if a settlement
■with these officers who have acted thus illegally
cannot be authorized by Congress, and the money
received and placed in the Treasury; and if the
Sinator from California will protest against that,
and say that it should not be received, most cer-
tainly he will not say that the act should be legal-
ized for the purpose of authorizing the settlement,
in order that the money may be paid into the
treasury of the State of California. It seems to
me that this is a very singular position for the
Senator to take; that the source is so impure
whence this money comes, or the medium of its
receipt is so impure, that the Government of the
United States ought not to touch it, while it seems
to me he would lay violent hands upon it, and
turn it over to the government of California. It
reminds me of an anecdote which I once read,
which stated that a gentleman who had landed in
Cork wished to employ a porter to carry his trunk,
and very soon found one, who took it and carried
it to his hotel. The gentleman handed to the
porter a sixpence. The porter seemed to hesitate
about receiving so small a sum. Said he, "And
n iw, Misther Mathews, would ye put off a poor
body with a sixpence?" Mr. Mathews looked
with astonishment at him, as he was a perfect
stranger in the country, and said: "I will give
y >u another sixpence if you will tell me how you [
learned my name." "An', be gorra, did I not i
see it on that nate little trunk o' yours?" Mr. !
Mathews took out a shilling and gave it to him,
and, after waiting a moment, said, " I want a six-
pence in change." The porter put his finger up
to his mouth, and replied, "And, Misthur Ma-
thews, would ye take a sixpence out of my dirty :
mouth?" j
Now it seems this money cannot be taken for '
the benefit of the Treasury of the United States,
because the source whence it is derived is so im-
pure, yet we can legalize the act if we will give it
to California. But we must not take it out of the
dirty mouth and put it into the Treasury of the
United States. On the other hand, gentlemen
think that the United States has been so unjust in
its appropriations as to make it a matter of neces-
sity on the part of the United States, in order to
do justice now to California, to give up the reve- I
nues collected there. I believe that in one item of 1
appropriation to California it will exceed all that 1
was ever paid to any four of the Ter^ories made I
out of the Northwestern Territory. I allude to
the appropriation for the dry-dock there. I know
it is said by military and naval men 
Mr. GWIN. I call the gentleman to order. Is
it in order to discuss the question of the dry-dock?
If so, I am ready to discuss that question.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considered the
remark as only illustrating the argument which
the Senator was presenting.
Mr. WALKER. Certainly it was only an il-
lustration. I was out of order perhaps in my an-
ecdote. I was going to say that the Secretary of
the Navy tells us he can get along with one half
the appropriation made if we take back so much
of what is appropriated. There is a bill now
ponding which will give justice to California; and
its the Almighty has already blessed that beauti-
ful country with so many good things, I think she
might be merciful to other portions of the Union.
But there seems to be no disposition tcr exercise
charity. After all this has been done, after all
these propositions, after all these measures which
are proposed for the benefit of California are re-
ceived and entertained with kindness, and some
of them passed, we are charged with injustice,
and not only the revenue collected before, but since
California became a State is demanded.
I think the Senator is urging his measures to
too great an extent, and I would warn him as a
friend to his State he may yet break the camel's
back with the load which he is putting upon it. I
say this in no unkindness; but I do say that while
the State which I in part represent here has in
vain asked that some little matters might be con-
sidered and business done, it does look too much
like an oppression to be denounced as unjust to
California when almost everything she has asked
has been ceded to her. More has been done for
the commerce of California than for any State in
the Union. There are more ports of entry and de-
livery, and the officers sent there have larger sala-
ries than any one else, and it seems to me we have
gone so far in aiding California that we should be
relieved from this continual complaint with regard
to that State.
Mr. GWIN. I deny that I have denounced
this Government with regard to its action towards
California. I merely stated that this money was
not collected according to law. It is not true that
I denounced this Government, and I stated at the
very time that I said I considered the collection
illegal, that the officers acted from the purest
motives, and that they thought they were protect-
ing the interests of the United States. I did not
denounce these officers nor the United States.
Mr. WALKER. Will the Senator allow me
to say that he misunderstood me? I did not say
that he had denounced the Government.
Mr. GWIN. He said I had charged the col-
lection of these duties to be foul and corrupt, and
that I had denounced the Government for its unjust
treatment of California.
Mr. WALKER. What I said, and still say,
is, that the Senator did complain that we had not
acted with sufficient generosity towards California.
If he contends that that is untrue I shall know what
to do.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot permit
such language to be used.
Mr. GWIN. What the Senator from Wis-
consin said was this, that I had charged that this
fund was corruptly collected. I said no such
thing, but that it was illegally collected.
Mr. WALKER. I illustrated what I said by
an anecdote, by which I drew a parallel. But I
did not say that the money was collected corruptly;
but I applied the anecdote by saying that if the
source was too corrupt for the Government of the
• United States to receive it, it was certainly too cor-
rupt for the government of California to do so; and
that if the Senator's argument was correct, and if
he convinced me that we should have nothing to
do with it, it was too illegally collected for even
California to receive it. j
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to have any per- |
sonal controversy with the Senator from Wiscon- j
sin; but when the gentleman charges me with I
having said that the officers had acted corruptly in
collecting this fund, and that the Government •
would act corruptly in putting it into the Treasury,
I meet it with a flat contradiction—for I said no
such thing. The Senator misunderstood my ar-
gument, which was against the legality of the col- |
lection. 1 never said corruption, or thought of it.
These officers are incapable of acting corruptly.
They are my friends, and I would repel such a .
charge against them. But the Senator says that I 1
object to the money going into the Treasury of the I
United States, because it was "illegally collected,
and for the same reason I should object to its going 1
into the treasury of California. Who paid this '
money? From whom was it illegally exacted
by the officers of the United States? The people
of California. They had to resist, revolt, and
drive the officers of the United States Government |
out of the country, pay this duty, or starve; for
it was notorious that these vessels contained the
provisions upon which the people of California re-
lied for support. That is the ground I take—that j
there was no authority of law; that the people l
were forced to revolt or pay the duty. And al- [
though it was paid by the merchants, it was repaid j
by the consumers; and therefore it is right that it 1
should be paid to California, to support the State 1
Government, and thus prevent these consumers ,
from being retaxed for this purpose. I ask it on
no other principle. The Senator from Maryland
acknowledges that the merchants were not injured. ,,
It was paid by the consumers, and he is much ,
miitaken if he supposes these duties did not in-
crease the price of the goods to the consumer. He
says the merchants had no right to take their goods I
there. Let him put his finger on the law by which i i
they could be punished for taking them there; let
him tell me what officers could have prevented the
landing of the goods there, except the army and
navy officers. I should like to have him pointout 1
the law and section which shows that the goods
were landed illegally until the revenue laws were
extended over that country by act of Congress. ,
When he will show that, I will acknowledge that ij
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United Jj
States is not binding, and does not apply to the
case. If he will point out any law by which the
persons who took their goods there can be pun-
ished, I will yield the point. I want to know if
you could make domestic goods coming from Cal-
ifornia here pay duties? I want to know whether
or not the revenue laws required the payment of
duties upon the shipment of the products of Cali-
fornia to other ports of the United States? If so,
and the Treasury Department and Supreme Court
expressly say they did, then there was no author-
ity to exact duties upon foreign goods imported
into California.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to in-
quire over what period the duties were collected ?
Mr. GWIN. From the time it was known that
the treaty of peace was ratified up to the time that
the collector, who was appointed under the law of
March, 1849, entered upon the duties of his office.
Those are the duties which, I insist, should go to
the people of California, on the ground that they
were collected illegally, were injurious to the com-
merce of the country, and operated as a hardship
upon the consumers in California.
With regard to the appropriations made to Cal-
ifornia, to which the Senator from Wisconsin has
alluded, §555,000 were appropriated at the last
session of Congress, but little or none of which
has been expended there yet.
Mr. WALKER. Only $30,000 were appro-
priated to Wisconsin.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator says that the whole
sum which was appropriated to Wisconsin was
$30,000. According to this bill, it is proposed to
appropriate out of the civil fund $275,000 for Cal-
ifornia. Now, make an estimate of the amount
appropriated during the last session of Congress,
and the amount expended in California, and by
this bill allowed from the civil fund. That is the
true way to come at this state of the case. The
whole amount collected from the customs in Cali-
fornia amounted to about §2,000,000 up to the
first of July last, while the collection during the
present fiscal year will exceed $3,000,000, which
is $5,000,000 paid into the Treasury of the United
States from duties in the State of California; and
there is appropriated less than one million of dol-
lars of this sum up to the end of this fiscal year
for California. When you take into consideration
what these appropriations in California were made
for; that they were for the purpose of benefiting
the commerce of the country, upon which we have
to rely for the revenues to support the Govern-
ment; and when you take into consideration that
the people of California have not received the ben-
efit of these appropriations, except so far as com-
merce has been sustained, you will see how little
the people of that State receive directly from these
appropriations. I deny that the appropriations
for a floating dock, basin, and railway was for
the exclusive benefit of the people of California.
The Secretary of the Navy says it is not expe-
dient to have a basin and railway there unless
they are entirely successful in Philadelphia, where
they are to be tried in a short time, which is un-
doubtedly correct; and therefore we are to have
nothing but a sectional dock unless the experi-
ment of the basin and railway may prove entirely
successful. There is no man in the country who
does not know we need a dock there. The peo-
ple of Massachusetts are much more interested in
having one there than the people of California.
Not less than a hundred vessels are lying there
now that will never leave the port until they are
put into a dock to be repaired. What I wish to
say is, that the appropriations there are for the
benefit of commerce, and that is a subject in which
all the States of the Union are interested. We
had an appropriation for a custom-house, and for
a marine hospital and dock, and $25,000 to hold
treaties with the Indians, in all less than a million
of dollars in the present fiscal year, while upwards
of $5,000,000 have been paid into the Treasury
from customs in California. And, with the ex-
ception of about $275,000 for the expenses of the
civil government and to relieve emigrants, not a
dollar has been expended there.
The Senator from 'Maryland speaks of the
arm j'. What good has the army done there?
In our controversies with the Indians they have
not participated, so far as I know, except In one
instance. They have done no good, and can do
