2S2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Givin, Ewing, fyc.
Senate.
applied to the whole country, were extended over
it likewise. If the Constitution were not thus ex- 1
tended over the newly-acquired territory at once, t
it never has been so extended. There is no mode
by which the legislation of the country can extend
it. It can only be done by a convention of the
people, and the actual extension of the Constitu-
tion by the very power which created it.
If, therefore, the Constitution did not extend
over Louisiana, Florida, New Mexico, and Cali-
fornia propria vigore, by the very fact of our ac-
quiring these territories, it does not extend over
them now. If the Constitution does extend over
them, there is on the very same principle carried
over them such of the laws also which are as uni-
versal as the Constitution itself. Why is it ne-
cessary that we should provide that the general
laws should extend over the newly-acquired terri-
tories, and not provide that the Constitution should
extend over them? If one extends over them, I
think the other does on the very same principle.
I know there were doubts about this. At the
time of the acquisition of Louisiana, Mr. Jeffer-
son doubted whether the Constitution could ex-
tend itself and embrace the newly-acquired terri-
tory,and he recommended a convention to remove
the difficulty. The measure, however, was not
resorted to; the opinion became prevalent that the ,
Constitution did extend of itself over all the terri- j
tory which belonged to the Union, and which was ,
occupied by its citizens. Such, indeed, seems to
have been the settled opinion, and we have acted
on it for nearly fifty years, and it is too late now
to call it in question. If that opinion be correct,
then I apprehend the revenue laws did extend over
California so far as to forbid the entrance of mer- j
chandise. If they did so, the individual who !
brought in the goods forfeited the whole. Although
there was no officer on the spot to enforce the law,
yet the attempt to introduce goods there would be
a violation of the laws, an illegal act, and I do not
concur in the opinion that the military officers
who prevented the act with as little force as would
be necessary, were violators of the law by the
mere act of prevention. I think the military offi-
cers or any of the citizens might have prevented
the landing of the goods, where it was a violation
of the law of the country, and more especially the
military officers, as they were clothed with civil
power. But the authorities of the country, who
had a right to prevent the introduction of the
goods, did not prevent it; they compromised, and,
owing to the necessity of the case, they permitted
the goods to be introduced. They took what was
reasonable, the actual amount of which the law
fixed; they assumed the powers, which the law
had conferred on no one, of officers for the collec- ,
tion of the revenue; they collected the duties ille-
gally, and the goods of the merchants were intro- :
duced into the country illegally; and when the
merchants demand that these duties shall be re-
funded, saying they were collected illegally—when
they repudiate the bargain as illegal by which the
duties were received—when they demand the ben-
efit of strict law, they make themselves responsible
as smugglers, and amenable to the forfeiture of
their ships and goods. But, in any view of the
case, I do not see on what ground California can
come, or that district of country can come, and
claim the duties so illegally collected. It appears
to me entirely unfounded as a claim. Whatever
it may be advisable to do for California, in com-
pensation for our neglect heretofore, and in this I
will be as liberal as any one, I will not acknowl-
edge any right in her over any part of this fund.
I will therefore vote against this amendment, but
I will vote for any provision which will reasonably
indemnify California for our omission to give her,
and maintain for her heretofore, that kind of aid
which the other new Territories have received be-
fore and upon coming into the Union.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask the Senator from
Ohio one question. He says that by the acquisi-
tion of this country, the laws extended over it,
and over New Mexico and the Territories. The
Constitution of the United States says expressly
that judges shall be appointed during good beha-
vior, and yet we pass a law here limiting the
period to four years in Utah and New Mexico.
Mr. EWING. That is a subject which I once
considered and once discussed, I think in secret
session, contending, as I do now, that we have no
right to limit the term of the judge whom we ap- !
point in the Territory; that he holds by virtue of :
the Constitution during life, or till the Territory,
the object to which his office attaches, ceases to
exist as a Territory. I contended for this nearly
twenty years ago, and have not changed my opin-
ion on the subject.
Mr. GW1JN. The Senator's opinion is consist-
ent, but his opinion is in direct conflict with the
practice of the Government. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. This has been in some meas-
sure the subject of consideration by the whole
Senate, and was very much discussed at one time.
I am one of those who maintain that there has
been no period, from the time California and New
Mexico were acquired, that there was not a gov-
ernment over them. In Great Britain the process
would be this: As long as the military force was
in the country conquered by Great Britain the
sword would govern it. As soon as the treaty
was signed it would be transferred under the terms
of the treaty. The prerogative of the Crown would
obtain until Parliament assumed jurisdiction by
her laws. But always, in the countries conquered
by Great Britain, the laws invest somebody with j
i the right to exercise authority over them. And I j
will not permit myself to believe that in this coun-
try something like the same process is not to be
observed. Therefore, before the treaty the gov-
ernment in California was the government of the
sword; after the treaty, the treaty itself prevailed,
and that t'ery treaty carries with it the notion of
a constitution. And, sir, under that constitution
j there must be somebody to exercise authority law-
| fully. The condition of California was an inci-
|j dent to all governments of that kind. It was an
', incident of the transformation from one kind of
government to another. I maintain that these du-
, ties, though regularly collected, were collected in
a manner resulting from the nature of our Govern-
I ment, and I think it is a very strange thing to say
! that California has ever been without a govern-
! ment. The only time she has been without a
government has been when she usurped authority
; without the previous consent of Congress. That
is my opinion.
Mr. GWIN. I will say, with regard to the
usurpation of which the Senator from South Caro-
lina speaks, that I think the only time we have
had a proper government was before we were ad-
mitted into the Union.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire not so much to dis-
, cuss this bill as to call attention to one very im-
portant principle, which I was very happy to hear
laid down, considering the character of the source
from which it came. We well recollect that du-
! i ring the session of Congress before the last the
' question was discussed whether the Constitution
and laws of the United States proprio vigore ex-
tended into the Territory acquired or not. On one
side it was contended that they did not, and that
it was necessary to pass a special act of Congress
for giving them that extension. On the other side
it was contended that they did so extend from the
moment the Territory was acquired. 1 am happy
' to find that gentlemen belonging to the other side,
who have so strongly vindicated the negative now
come up and as strongly vindicate the affirma-
tive.
The question was then taken with the following
result:
YEAS—Messrs." Atchison, Cass, Dickinson, Dodge of
, Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Gwin, Jones,
Manguni, Kantoul, and SoulS—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Borland,
Butler, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis ofMississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Ewing.Greene, Ham-
lin, Hunter, King, Mason, Miller, Norns, Pearce, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Wales,
Walker, and Whitcomb—31.
i So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to offer an amendment
to the bill which seems to be advisable. I think
that the Secretary of the Treasury has generally,
where suits have been instituted for the recovery
of revenue paid at the custom-house illegally, au-
thorized a proper defence on the part of the United
States. I suppose he has no such authority, and
I therefore offer this amendment, to come in at the
end of the bill:
,, " That the Secretary of tlie Treasury be and he is hereby
directed to cause proper defence to be made to any suit or
suits at law now pending, or which shall he hereafter insti-
tuted, against any person or persons who acted in the capa-
city of citlleetor of customs at San Francisco, under the
military authority of the United States, at any time before
the persons duly appointed under the laws of the United
States entered upon their duties as collectors at San Fran-
cisco."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. A bill was introduced and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance for the pur-
pose of paying back these duties to California.
They reported it back with an amendment appro-
priating §300,000 to the State of California, as a
compensation for the duties collected in the ports
of California on foreign imports. I have stated
that I believe this civil fund belongs to the people
of California. I have done my duty in contending
for it, and if the Senate are not disposed to make
that payment, they must decide for themselves. I
know it is of some importance to that State to have
assistance in organizing their Government, for
the reasons I have given. Her expenses have
been very great, and will continue to be so. I
will move, therefore, the following amendment:
"That of the moneys collected in the ports now embraced
within the State of California as duties upon foreign im-
ports, the sum of ^.300,000 be paid to the State of Califor-
nia."
Mr. CHASE. I think that the Senate has just
decided by a solemn vote that the moneys collect-
ed in California belong to the Treasury of the
United States. It is now proposed to pay of these
moneys §300,000 to the State of California. I
am disposed to be as liberal as any man to the
State of California, when that liberality is exer-
cised in a proper mode, for objects which we ought
j, to legislate upon; but I submit to the Senate if
!j they are prepared to set the precedent of paying
money out of the Treasury for no legal reason to
the States of this Union. How long will it be be-
fore we shall have other applications from other
States for the payment of revenues collected within
their limits? I regret that I feel obliged to object
to this proposition, but it seems to me wrong in
! principle, and 1 cannot therefore give it my vote.
Mr. BELL. I was about to ask the Senator
from California, before the Senator from Ohio took
the floor, what would be the objection to modify-
ing his amendment so as to pay out of these mon-
eys collected in California, or out of the Treasury
—it makes no difference with me—the whole
amount of the expense of that government, pro-
visional, temporal, or whatever you may please to
" call it, up to the time of the admission of Califor-
nia as a State in this Union. There will be a clear
principle upon which we can stand; and I do not
care if the amount be §600,000, or $700,000, or
§1,000,000. We know that it was necessary for
them to form a government, and 1 care not if it
was in violation of the authority of the United
States, it was essential to them for the political
and social wants of the country that a government
should be established there. It is no matter what
the expense was, I say it is our duty to pay it, in-
dependent of other considerations. Her territorial
! government, so far as I know, was paid for by
the people. In all othercases, the judicial expen-
ses, the legislative expenses, and all the expenses
! have been paid from the time of the institution of
the territorial government, and up to the day of
admission into the Union.
Now, I ask the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] if there be any objection in principle to
the amendment which will allow to California the
entire amount of their expenses up to the date of
the ratification of their admission into the Union?
I presume the sum is not a very extravagant one;
that it does not exceed $400,000 or §500,000. Are
we not bound to pay this money according to the
practice of the Government, independent of other
considerations ? Would it be anything but an act
of liberality to do with that Territory as we have
done with all other territorial governments? I
am ready, for one, to vote for the payment of that
expense. I do not lyiow how it may be ascer-
tained, but I presume there were officers of the
Government who can furnish the amount. Their
comptroller and auditor will be able to show what
is the amount which this Government ought to
pay. For my part I cannot see any objection to
the modification of the amendment so as to em-
brace the whole expense up to the time of her ad-
mission as a State.
