1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIX>BB.
*08
31 st Cong 2d Srss. Military Contributions in California—Mesrrs. Berrien, Borland, SfC. Senate.
and conceiving it to be my duty to advocate it, I i
have done so; and the vote of the Senate having
been against my proposition, I have reintroduced ,
the proposition of the Committee on Finance. I
hope we shall have a vote upon it.
Air. BORLAND. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
They were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN. It is perfectly well known
that I entertained the opinion expressed by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Dayis] when the
question of the admission of California was pre-
sented to the Congress of the United States. That
opinion remains unchanged; but I pursue on this
occasion the iime course ] did in relation to Texas.
The majority of the Congress of the United States
and the President of the United States joined in
overruling it, in giving effect to the action of Cali-
fornia before her admission as a State. Enter-
taining individually the same opinion which I did
on a former occasion in the discussion on this
subject, I say 1 pursue the same course as I did in
relation to Texas. I consider that opinion as
overruled by the action of the constitutional organs
of this Government, and I conform my conduct to
their decision.  
Mr. CHASE. When I objected to this amend-
ment originally, it was in a different form from
that which it has now assumed. It was then a
simple proposition to pay money to the State of
California out of the funds which the Senate by a
solemn vote had adjudged to belong to the United
States. It is now proposed to pay the expenses
of the State government of California prior to her
admission into the Union. If that had been an
application from' the State itself, and based upon
the ground that this Government had omitted to
supply a territorial government to that Territo- i
ry, I would not object to it. I believe that the '
people of California were entitled to a territorial
form of government at an early period; and I be-
lieve, moreover, that when the United States failed
to supply it, it was perfectly allowable, and justi-
fiable, and right, in the people of California to or-
ganize a government for themselves; and the same
principle, in regard to the payment of expenses,
which applies to territorial should be applied to
necessary provisional governments. But no claim
is made on the part of the State of California for
that expense, rfo estimate of the amount has
been presented, no items furnished. There has
been no claim to be examined and audited. The
Senator from California himself distinctly declines
to place the payment on the ground suggested,
and states that he would not receive it, nor would
his State receive it, unless as a part of a fund un-
justly detained from her. I am not prepared to
vote for the amendment. "When a proper claim
■hall be presented, with its vouchers properly ex-
amined And sanctioned, I shall be prepared to vote
for such a sum as may be properly chargeable
upon the Treasury of the United States. But I do
not think it right to introduce that claim into this
bill as a ground for dividing this fund between the
United States and California. That is the result
of what is proposed. Originally, California claimed
the whole. The appropriation now suggested is
but a device to avoid the appearance of a naked
division of the fund. Now, I submit to Senators
whether they are prepared' to sanction this grant
to a State—for such is the real nature of the prop-
osition—of money from the public Treasury? The
propriety of distributing the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands among the States has been denied—most
emphatically denied. The payment of this money
as claimed by the Senator from California, will be
a recognition of that principle.
I will not detain the Senate. I repeat, I am pre-
pared torote, when the State of California shall
apply for it, to pay the real expenses of the pro-
visional government, but I am not prepard to vote
for this amendment, because it is merely dividing
a fund between a State and the United States,
which the Senate has just decided to belong to the
public Treasury.
Mr. SEWARD. As to the consideration upon
which this money is to be paid to California, I
think there is no ground to apprehend a mistake,
whatever may be the declarations of the repre-
rentative of California as to that consideration.
The bill appropriates three hundred thousarid dol-
lars from a certain ftind, directing it to, be applied
to the payment of the expenses of the State of
California prior to her admission into the Union.
If California expects this money at all, it is upon
that ground; and, in the act of receiving it, she
acquits the Government of the United States to
that extent; and so you have the voucher which
the honorable Senator from Ohio desires; you
have the voucher furnished in the language of the
bill—in the act of acceptance. The honorable
Senator wants evidence; he wants the claim sub-
mitted to a committee. Does it make any differ-
ence as to what committee it is submitted, provi-
ded that it passes the ordeal of a committee, and
that the bill is reported to the Senate by them ?
And no matter what committee might have ex-
amined this subject, would the Senate vote an ap-
propriation any the sooner because it had been
reported upon favorably by a committee? It is
the merit of the proposition itself which must
control their decision. Then the only question is,
whether California has incurred expenses equal to
this amount in maintaining a government for her-
self previous to the recognition of the State as a
member of the Union. Upon this subject I
think the honorable Senator from Ohio can have
no doubt. There can be no doubt that the State
of California was left without a government, in a
state of anarchy, and she was obliged to furnish
a government for herself. She did it at a vast ex-
pense. In leaving her in this condition so long—
we voluntarily did so, to be sure, but still we
committed a breach of our treaty with Mexico—
a breach of our treaty with California; for we
were bound to protect and defend her against for-
eign enemies and against domestic dangers. We
of fact. These was no tax imposed upon the peo-
ple of California that was not imposed upon other
citizens of this country. Will it be contended
that because California had not a territorial govern-
ment, but a military government, that importa-
tions should be made into those ports against the
laws of the United States, thereby giving to these
people an advantage over every other section of
the country? It was not taxation. It was im-
posed upon every man in the Union who con-
sumed the article* that ware imported into this
country.
And in the midst of all this, how does the case
stand ? California is said to have been oppressed.
I have not heard of any oppression of that coun-
try. She had the army ana navy to protect her
against foreign foes, or those who may have exist-
ed in the country, the Indians. She had every
facility extended to her, and, in addition to all
this, she is distinguished from any other State that
ever came into this Union. There were gold
mines which belonged to the Government of the
United States, which could have been rented for a
large amount of money. What has become of
them? They have gone into the possession of our
friends who nave settled in California. They have
had profits from these mines without paying any
rent. Suppose the relation of landlord and tenant
is brought to bear here, is there notsomething due
the landlord whose soil or whose mines they have
thus been cultivating or digging in ? Suppose an
account should be struck with the people of Cali-
fornia, who have been blessed by tne liberty and
permission of digging in these mines, and they
were to pay the ordinary amount of rent to the
neglected to do so. She provided the government ^United States, the landlord, how would the ques-
for herself. It cost her the amount of at least tion stand? Has any people upon the earth ever
I $300,000. The money which, if not in her pos- I, grown into wealth more rapidly than they have?
And yet it is cried out, Oppression, oppression,
and cruelty on the part of the General Govern-
ment? Look at the millions that have been gath-
ered there and sent here; and gatheredfrom whom ?
Not from the soil or mines that belong to them,
! J but to all the people of the country; and yet a por-
•! tion have had all the advantages. Suppose there
session, is the fund over which she asserts the
claim, is now to be placed in the Treasury of the
United States. Is it not just, that out of that
sum which is thus at our disposal, we shall pay
over to her the amount she has expended ? Why
wait for any more favorable time ? The best time to
be just, is always the time when we have the . ....
power, and when the demand is made. I hope, i: had been cleared and cultivated farms and planta-
therefore, the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. RANTOUL. I shall vote for the appro-
! tions, and citizens had gone there and cultivated
        _  rr__ free of expense, would they have come here and
priation of $300,000 of this fund, because Tcon- , said. We must be protected; all our incidental ex-
. sider the whole of the fund as belonging properly ,) penses must be paid? They could not. Who
and justly to the inhabitants of California; not be- , supported the government of California down to
cause I think the United States Government is the adoption of her constitution? The Govern-
bound to defray the expenses, or any part of the ! ment of the United States has paid every dollar,
expenses which California was obliged to incur in What expense has California incurred ? Nothing,*
the first instance. The right to levy taxes grows , except in her character as a sovereign and inde-
out of the performance of certain duties by the pendent State, after the formation of her constitu-
Government. That is too plain a proposition to tion. All acts done by California under her con-
argue at all. To my mind, there is no evidence \ stitution have been confirmed since her admission,
that the United States performed these duties, or ,i although her admission wasdelayed. Her courts
even undertook to perform them, and the United j went into operation. Her Representatives and
States having collected money, it seems to me that, |, Senators in Congress took their seats, and every-
in right ana justice, it ought to be refunded to j thing which has been done has been legitimately
those from whose pockets it was taken. These and constitutionally done on the part of California.
' were not the merchants, but the people of Califor- And why should we pay anything. Who has
nia. It being so, I voted in the first instance that (! paid for the assembling of her convention ? Who
t)l6 wliule UJQ * tl . . /-* !•/• • TT • \ 1J iL. nrltA AVmniVAII nor fMVPPnmAnt
failed in that,
what seems to be right    .... ,   .
the whole. On these grounds, I shall vote for the other expenses have been incurred. What other
proposition. ' considerations can Senators present to this body
Mr. DAWSON. I shall have to vote against,! to induce us to vote for this appropriation? None,
that amendment, and I want to give my reasons j; What expense has the General Government driven
for it. It is said that California had no govern- }J her to? None. "Why, then, this exercise of
mint. That is a mistake. She had a govern- I power gratuitously to confer upon that section of
ment—a military government, if you please. Un- 'i the country money which we would not confer
der her constitution she has had her Legislature, ; upon others? There is no reason for it.
and that prior to her admission into the Union. [ No Senator upon this floor is more liberal m his
that State. Of what right has she been deprived in violation oi a principle, * «n
by any act on the part of the Government of the ' When I Win called upon to fulfill an obligation, t
United States since the formation of the constitu- want to know the character of the obligation, and
tion? What taxation has been imposed upon her ,i I ask where is the obligation on the .part of the
that has not been imposed upon every State in this United States to make this appropriation ot
Union? What injury has she sustained by the ; #300,000? Why, scarcely any-State before Cah-
delay on the part of Congress in admitting her ,, fornia has ever had the expsnsesjpf the eonven-
into the Union? On what ground shall we pay 1' tion to frame her constitution paid., It became a
this appropriation? Why, it throws itself back, i State matter.
as the Senator from Ohio says, upon the original; It is said that California has been cruelly treated;
idea of the Senator from Michigan, that here was |! that she has been oppressed; that millions have
a people without a government paying taxes to ! been drawn from her without the right of repre-
, this Government. Thnt is not exactly so in point il sentation here, or the right of being heard.
Is
