286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Military Contributions in California—Messrs. Borland, Bell, fyc.
Senate.
that so ? Has a single citizen of California paid
a dollar more under the laws of the country
than I have? I have paid my share of taxa-
tion according to my consumption of foreign
importations. They have done the same without
any higher taxation. They have been relieved
from taxation within the limits of the State. They
have been relieved from taxation even to pay the
expenses of the convention that formed the con-
stitution under which they now exist, and yet
they claim that we have oppressed them, and that
now we ought to be liberal towards them. There
has been liberality almost without limitation to
that State. There has been a kindness and indul-
gence extended to her which has never before been
extended, within my knowledge, to any other
State. Why has it been so? It has grown out of
the peculiar position in which the various sections
of this country were involved, and from a disposi-
tion to harmonize every section. But shall we go
thus far? Shall we establish a precedent here that
other States, when they comeinto this Union,may
take the same ground ?
I presented a petition here this morning from New
Mexico, stating her true condition. She is with-
out a government to this very day, for her territo-
rial government is not yet organized. She is under
a military government. She has not paid a dollar
for the support of the government, for being mil-
itary it has been supported by this Government.
She formed a constitution a year ago and applied
for admission here, which has not been allowed.
When she shall come intothe Union hereafter, can
we turn back and say, all the expenses incurred
by New Mexico from the formation of the con-
stitution down to the time of her admission, shall
be paid by the General Government? If she does
we will ask her to present the items of the claim,
and there will not be an item in which she has
paid a dollar into the Treasury of the General
Government in her capacity as a Territory. Just
so with California. If she has paid a dollar, she
has done it in the character of a State. If her
citizens have been taxed it has been done by State
laws. California has been more blessed, has had
more rights and more liberties than all the other
States in the Union. Her people have dug up or
scratched out of the earth gold by the handful,
and we have neither checked their industry nor
taxed them for it. They have used all they re-
ceived for their own individual benefit. Let them
enjoy it, but let us not appropriate money merely
to gratify a disposition to be exceedingly just, when
we have gone beyond the proper limits of justice.
And again: if we were to compare mines one
with another,"what has the Western country had
to pay for using the lead mines? Had we not a
law upon our statute-book requiring a payment
for the working of those mines? And is it not
much more laborious to work in the lead mines,
and much less productive, than to work in gold
mines ? I cannot, as liberal as I am disposed to
be, and strong as my disposition is to gratify my
friend from the State of California, vote tor this,
because I do not think, if he were put into the chan-
cellor's chair, and the case was presented to him,
that as chancellor he would do it; but in his char-
acter as a Senator, and from a new State, I ad-
mire the manner and gallantry with which he sus-
tains himself in this body, and the numerous ad-
vantages he gets in favor of his State. His State
ought to recollect him long, for he has done much
for it, and if we do not check him now, he will do
a great deal more.
Mr. BORLAND. I agree with the Senator from
Georgia in his last remark. I am disposed to be
as liberal as my sense of duty will permit. But I
think we have already gone much further in lib-
erality to California than we have ever done to any
other State. We have been told that we h^e given
the other new States compensating advanrages, in
the way of preemption laws, which not only per-
mit, but invite settlers upon the public land. That
these are advantages, I admit; and I am entirely
wilting that California should have them equally
with the other Stales. Nay, more; I will increase
them in her favor. To the other States we have
given this preemption privilege, to what? Why,
sir, to lands which in their wild state are covered
with oak, pine, and hickory trees, or the waving
grass of the prairie, or when cultivated will pro-
duce some five or six barrels of corn, or thirty
bushels of wheat to the acre. To California I am
willing to grant all this, if there be any such land
( within her almost limitless borders; and not only
so, but permit her to include in her preemptions
the mineral lands themselves, which, if one tithe
we hear of them be true, yield bushels of gold to
the forty acre lot. All this I am willing to do for
her; but surely, in return for this, I may expect
and require that she will keep her hands out of the
general Treasury here; or at any rate, that she
will not thrust them in any deeper than her older
sisters.
But, sir, when Senators speak of the advantages
of the preemption laws of the new States, have
they thought of all the circumstances which at-
tend upon the pioneer, when he would avail him-
self of their provisions? Have they considered
the difficulties with which your legislation, with
all its professions of liberality, has clogged and in-
cumbered them ? It has been objected that the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] character-
ized the settlers in California as squatters upon the
public land, who had violated the law, and might,
and probably ought to have been driven off by the
Government authority. But, sir, before that ob-
jection is urged in behalf of California, I ask Sen-
ators to turn their regards for a moment to the
other States in which there is public land, and
where these much-vaunted preemption laws are in
force, and ascertain how far they are exempted
from the operation of this law—this anti-squatter
law—against which so much anxiety is manifested
to shield California. Upon your statute-book there
stands the act of March 2,1831, which, by a recent
and solemn decision of your Supreme Court, sub-
jects to a heavy fine and long imprisonment every
| man who cuts from the public land a single tree to en-
I close his little clearing in the forest, to erect his hum-
ble cabin to shelter his family from the weather, to
make a fire with which to cook their food, or keep
! them warm amid the inclemency of Winter. This
j sounds strangely in contrast with the great liber-
! ality of the preemption laws, of which we hear so
much. But, sir, it is true; the law is upon your
statute-book, and such as I have stated it has been
its interpretation by your Supreme Court. And
not only so, but as such, and to that extent, have
your executive officers attempted to enforce it. I
learn that such is the case in other States. I know
it is so in mine. Within the last few months, citi-
zens of my State, worthy, industrious,useful men,
have been dragged from their humble homes, and
subjected to an expensive criminal prosecution in
the courts of the United States. And this in the
face of your liberal preemption laws! Now, sir,
this is all wrong, and it ought to be permitted no
longer to exist. But this is no time for the remedy.
I allude to it only to remind Senators that their
appeals in behalf of California on the score of
equality with the other States, so far as it rests
upon the preemption laws, has no substantial
ground to stand upon ; and, especially, that when
they are so anxious to protect her against the anti-
squatter law, they should so extend the compass
of their solicitude as to embrace the other new
States. I have no unwillingness to protect Cali-
fornia from the evils of such a law; but when I
protect her, it will only be by some general law,
which will protect my own State and all her sisters
in the same way, and to the same extent. Sir, we
already forbid the citizens of the other States to
cut a single stick of timber from the public land,
and for a violation of this law punish them ascrim-,
inals, with fine and imprisonment. Yet who has
ever thought of objecting that the people in Cali-
fornia shoveled up the gold by the bushel which
fills her soil ? Who has proposed, or even thought
of prohibiting that? Who has ever hinted at fine
and imprisonment for them? So far from it, it is
not only claimed for her, but she has exercised the
power, not only of cutting the timber and shovel-
ing up the gold, but she has seized upon the whole
domain, assumed the rights of sovereignty over
it—even to the extent of excluding, by a constitu-
tional provision, the citizens of one half of the
States of this Union, to whom the soil itself, with
all its gold, belonged as a common property?
Surely it would seem that was enough. But no;
as if her appetite had butincreased by feeding, she
is not satisfied with all within her own limits, but
now, as if to put the cap-sheaf upon the summit
of extravagant and insatiate pretension, she de-
mands—aye, demands, and as a right, too—demands
to be indulged in putting her arm, elbow-deep, into
our common Treasury here !
Again: the Senator from Georgia has suggested
that if California has this right, and we concede it
to her, New Mexico, when she comes to be ad-
mitted as a State, will make a similar demand, and
perhaps with more justice. I will add that Utah
may, with equal propriety, do the same. And if
so, upon what ground will you refuse the one or
the other? And thus, at an early day, upon a
precedent of your own making, you may, and
probably will, be called upon to pay not only the
expenses of the State conventions of New Mexico
and Utah, but the cost of erecting a town hall or
Catholic church in Santa Fe, and the Mormon
temple in the valley of the Great Salt Lake.
Mr. BELL. We pay for the governments of
New Mexico and Utah now.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Tennes-
see says we are paying for those governments
now. And pray, sir, have we not paid the same,
and much more of the same sort, for California
already ? And if she had organized and remained
under a territorial government, who would have
objected to paying her expenses as such?
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] said
we have had some territorial governments to sus-
tain for twenty-five years, and paid them all the
while. I know that. But I repeat, California did
not continue a territorial government even one
year—hardly a month. And yet how much have
we paid her for expenses during that short period ?
Did we ever pay any Territory as much—half as
much—a tithe as much, for the same time? I
doubt, sir, whether we paid even those Territo-
ries which continued twenty-five years, of which
the Senator speaks, as much during the whole
period of their existence as we have given Califor-
nia for the few weeks of the session of her con-
vention. Equality, indeed ! So far as my State
is concerned, I am willing to bring forward her
territorial accounts and settle them upon the ba-
sis of what we have already paid California. And
I think that every new State would be willing to
settle on the same terms. Should we bring for-
ward our accounts I know of no good reason why
you should refuse to pay them.
The question was then taken with the following
result:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury,
Bright, CaaS, Coopei, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Frlch, Greene, Gwin, Jones,
Pearce, Bantoul, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, and Walk-
er—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Chase, Clarke, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dawson, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason, Norris,
Sebastian, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Wales, and
Y nlee—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer,
which I hope the Senate will agree to adopt. It
is to strike out from the proviso relating to the
compensation of the officers who made these col-
lections so much as to exclude General Riley. I
move to strike out the proviso in these words:
" Provided, The total amount of compensation for such
service to any officer shall not exceed the sum of $1,500
per annum, nor that proportion for a less time than one
year."
General Riley was responsible for these moneys,
and he acted faithfully, and I think every dollar
will be paid.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know how we can
strike out that provision. The amount is ascer-
tained to be limited to two per cent, as a commis-
sion, and the whole amount is limited to $1,500
per year. It seems to me we should allow the
rrjatter to stand, and then at some future day in-
troduce a bill for the relief of General Riley s We
cannot adopt it without giving too much to other
officers who will come in under the provision.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will allow
me to except the case of General Riley. It only
comes to two per cent, for the collection of the
whole of this fund in California. Two per cent,
is a small compensation.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not feel at liberty, as
chairman of the committee, to allow it. That
provision was deliberately considered in commit-
tee.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will withdraw his amendment. I know
General Riley's case is a very strong one. I think
