I&5I.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. Mangum.
Phice
50 for this Session.
same conclusion that General Taylor did. They
will think it best " to let the matter drop." Gen-1
eral Taylor showed himself to be as wise on this I
occasion as he was brave on the field of Buena j
Vista.
I pass to the second branch, in which I alleged
that General Taylor owed it to his official posi-
tion, to his own self-respect, to a due degree of
consideration for* that enlightened portion of his
countrymen who placed him in the first office in
the country, or perhaps in the world, to have dis-
missed from a service as high and responsible as
that occupied by General Lane any individual who
had done what his bitterest and most vindictive
enemies had never before done—call into question
his personal honor and his personal veracity. Sir,
if General Taylor had not done it, he would not
have been such a man as the American people and
the world has esteemed him to be.
I appeal to every honorable gentleman here if
there is one amongst them who would go to the
extent of forbearance to which it is insisted that
General Taylor should have gone. It may con- j
stitule a beautiful page in history to record that
the King of Prance would never remember the in-
juries done to the Duke of Orleans, but I apDre-
hend there is more of fancy in the assertion than
there is of reality. Sir, it is true that during all
Administrations in power, no President, without
a loss of respect, can permit any one who is en-
gaged in reviling his personal character and cast-
ing imputations on his honor and veracity, to keep
a high and responsible station. No President has
permitted it, and none should permit it.
General Lane, in the progress of subsequent
events—for I have omittted a vast deal that under
other circumstances I should have stated—had
courts of inquiry. The first was held in reference
to himself. I am glad to be able to say, as the
papers show, that that court of inquiry said every
thing in regard to General Lane as a gentleman of j
bravery and gallantry, and made no impeachment
of him whatever. They further say, that any ]
order given to the second Indiana regiment to re- j
treat, if such was given, did not emanate from
him. That court pretty generally agreed with
General Lane that Colonel Bowles, by reason of
sickness and other causes, had not attained that
degree of excellence in military science deemed in-
dispensable to control either companies or regi-
ments, but that during the action of that day he
had shown no want of bravery. On the contrary,
Colonel Davis, in his report, speaks of his conduct
as having been gallant throughout the day. Gen-
eral Wool, in his report, speaks in like manner,
and upon the score of bravery, as far as the re-
ports of that action go, (and there are numerous
•reports from subordinates,) his bravery appears to
be as great as that of General Lane.
General Lane has been pronounced to be the
"Marion of the war." That he is brave, no
one, I presume, will deny; but on that point I
cannot perceive, jifdging from the reports, that he
has or is entitled to an iota of reputation above
Colonel Bowles. The second Indiana regiment
broke and retreated. General Lane, in his report,
says that all the officers endeavored to rally it.
I understand Colonel Bowles to be included in that
number. He did rally some twenty men, and
joined Colonel Davis, of the rifle regiment; and,
according to Colonel Davis's report, did excellent
and efficient service. After these findings of the
court, they said everything honorable to the gal-
lantry of Colonel Bowles, but not much that was
creditable to his skill as a commander. There
was nothing to impeach his gallantry. They
alone found that he had said, perhaps more than
once,-"Cease firing and retreat." It was re-
marked that they were in such a position that
they should have retreated at an earlier period.
But, as the second Indian regiment was the regi-
ment to cover and protect O'Brien's battery, it is
very strange that when thev were ordered for-
ward they should have found it prudent to have
retreated, though in that same finding it is said
that Colonel Bowles had no intimation whatsoever
that Lieutenant O'Brien's artillery had advanced.
I should like to know how much General Lane
will make out of that fact. He was in command
. both of the regiment and the battery. Whose
business was it tosee that the officers commanding
the respective divisions and regiments received
New Series—No. 19.
the requisite order? Yet, though General Lane
first says he " ordered" them to advance, and af-
terwards speaks of its being "intended" they
should advance; and though Lieutenant O'Brien
was ordered forward with his flying artillery, Gen-
eral Lane, in the finding of that court of inquiry,
said that Colonel Bowles had no sort of knowl-
edge or intimation that the artillery had advanced. [ i
j Whose business was it to have made- it known to I
them? Who should have communicated these
: orders? In what is General Lane benefited by
making this fact appear? He of course who is>,
, in command of all must be held responsible for
the proper communication of all orders. If, then, ||
the chief in command is the responsible person,
and General Lane was in command of that part,1
of the army, does that add to his military repu- j
tation ?
1 After these courts of inquiry were held, General'
Lane made a new case of the whole affair. Gen-
eral Taylor, it will be recollected, had, before that
time, refused to grant a court-martial to try Colo-1!
nel Bowles, for reasons which he himself states <
very briefly, but, to my mind, very satisfactory
and sensible, and I thinlc they will strike the whole
: country so. This refusal created the necessity
j for these courts of inquiry; and after the develop-
ments made by them, General Lane made another
I report, which, General Taylor says, could not be
I considered in the light of a report, supplementary
i or otherwise. General Taylor's attention was
J first attracted to it in a newspaper. Even the find-
; ings of these courts of inquiry had never been trans-
| mitted to headquarters. Upon that subject I will
j read what General Taylor himself says, believing
I that no gentleman will undertake to call in ques-
' tion the truth of what he has said.
Mr. George G. Dunn, of Indiana, a most re-
spectable member of the other House, aJ the period
when General Taylor was about to be brought be-
fore the American people for the chief Executive
office, finding it insinuated, in Indiana and else-
where, that General Taylor had contributed to fas- j
ten on the Indiana regiment some imputation of
dishonor or want of gallantry, and that reports
that General Lane had made had never found their
way to the archives of the War Department, upon 1
his arrival in Washington, called at the War De-
partment, and found no such report. As he under-
stood it had been sent-to the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army of Occupation, he wrote General j
Taylor a letter, which I will not read; but I will |
read General Taylor's in answer to it. It is dated |
March 24, 1848, while the political caldron was
bubbling over with excitement, and before it
had been settled who amongst the Whigs should
be placed on the track for the presidential race.
General Taylor says:
I " Your communication, under the date of February 12th,
; 1848, accompanied by an introductory communication from
I the Hon. Mr. Crittenden, have been duly received.
* '■ The subject-matter presented by you would have been
' attended to much sooner, but for a visit some weeks up the
river, which has prevented an earlier consideration and re-
ply.
" Before replying directly to the several particular points
i touched upon in your letter, permit me to say, in general
terms, in reference to the current impression that my offi-
cial report had done great injustice to the second regiment
of Indiana volunteers, that nothing has been developed
since the date of that report, and no statement in an offi-
cial shape has been made to me, which, in my judgment,
affects its accuracy, saving only in the case of the official
reports (supplemental) of the 3d, 5th, and 24th of March,
1847, and which, as they were forwarded to the War De-
partment at Washington, were deemed sufficient correction
to my own, without burdening that office with additional
reports*
" You are right in the supposition that personal observa-
tion on the field and reports of subordinate commanders
are the proper and only basis upon which a commanding
general can frame his reports. My official statement of the
conduct of the different corps at the battle of Buena Vista
was made strictly in accordance with this principle j and,
so far as the conduct of the second Indiana regiment was
reported to me officially, my own observation in most cases
sustains the truth and accuracy of these reports.
" From the moment that personal crimination and re-
crimination began to pass between some of the officers, I
advised, as often as opportunity presented, the agitation
of nothing in relation to the conduct of the second Indiana
regiment, or as to who was and who was not most to blame,
t telt assured that such a movement would only result in
great injury to the regiment, and to its State. I truly re-
gret that such forbearance did not suggest Itself *to those
interested.
"The gallant character of the citizens of Indiana I have
good reason and good opportunities to know and appre-
ciate. "
And here I would make a passing remark.
Indiana has a vast deal more ground to complain
of the severity of General Lane's strictures, than
of anything that ever was said or written by Gen.
Taylor. He strongly commends the gallantry of
the people of Indiana. He goes on to say:
" In tins they are not surpassed by any State in the Union.
My confidence in the second regiment, officers and men,
was still maintained after the reverse of the 23d, for I re-
membered that in all armies the best and most experienced
troops have at times been most unaccouutably subject, and
yielded to temporary panics, by no means compromising
their reputation for bravery."
I think, sir, that the tenth legion of Caesar, the
finest legion the world ever saw, were once panic-
stricken. They hardly ever lost the remembrance
of the shame of the occurrence, but they washed
it out in the blood of myriads of their opponents.
General Taylor proceeds:
" I had resolved, and expressed the determination, to
place that regiment in action the following day, had the
enemy resumed his attack, in the full conviction that the
officers and men, unitedly aud individually, would have ac-
quitted themselves with steadiness and gallantry. This
belief I have always maintained."
Prom this, I think that General Taylor should
be the last man in the world against whom an In*
dianian should oast an imputation. I do not assert
that Indianians have cause of complaint against
General Lane for speaking of those that did not
! return to the scene of action as being indelibly dis-
f aced. This tjiey may settle among themselves;
have nothing to do with it.
General Taylor proceeds to say:
" Willi these remarks, I now refer to the several points
' dwelt upon in your letter.
j " On reference to the records of official papers in the office
I of my Adjutant General, I find no evidence that the pro-
j ceedings of the court of inquiry, instituted at the request of
! General Lane, were sent to me. To the best of my recol-
lection, they certainly were not, In the absence of Major
Bliss, my Adjutant General, I cannot speak more posi-
tively. "
Again:
" With tbe supplemental letter of General Lane of May
10,1847, written, a* is stated, to correct the imposition to
do injusuce to Indiana, I have nothing to do. It was not
and could not be termed a report, either supplemental or
otherwise; hence the reason why you did not find it on
record in the War Office. It first met my eye in the col-
umns of a newspaper."
" After the finding of the facts by a court of inquiry, had
1 General Lane conceived his own official report demanded
correction, he would, it seems fair to suppose, have rendered
a supplemental report, as in the cases of the 3d, 5th, and
24th of March, directly to General Wool. No such correct-
, ive statement was, so far as I know, ever made. Without
i such a statement, either from him or General Wool, there
| could be no warrant for a change in my own detailed re-
i port."
This letter of General Taylor, as 1 have under-
stood, was published in the papers in Indiana, and
, the inquiry was at once set on foot, Why did not
j General Lane make a supplemental official repoTt
after the court of inquiry, so as to have the correct
statement of the case go upon the records of the
I Department, instead of merely publishing his
! statement in the newspapers ?
[i In the discussion of this question much fault
was found with General Lane for having failed to
! take this course. In the mean time General Tay-
: lor had been nominated for the Presidency—in the
'■ month of June, 1848. The campaign, as 1 have
" heard, then opened with great warmth and vehe-
1 mence in the State of Indiana. I have heard, ex
relatione, that General Lane appeared in divera
| public forums, on the stump, doing what he could
to advance the interests of the great National De-
■' mocracy, and to put down General Taylor. For
this course, 1 understand, he was appointed to a
' very high, and honorable,and responsible position,
one for which his qualifications, as far as I know,
every way entitled him: I know nothing to the
contrary. He was appointed Governor of Oregon,
having in his charge the great Indian interests
of that vast region, with a sort of dictatorial and
1 unlimited power. General Lane received this ap-
pointment in the month of August after the cam-
paign had thus fiercely opened. He received a
telegraphic dispatch announcing his appointment
about the 18th of that month, I believe. I will re-
fer to the remarks of th« honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,] who is always so re-
i markably accurate in regard to dates. That Sen-
ator says:
" General Lane's commission as Governor of Oregon
bears date as late as August 18, 1848, and yet we already
find him at St. Louis on 'the thirteenth day afterwards, on
his way overland to the Pacific. * * * * On
1 the 10th of September at Fort Leavenworth."
