292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law-
-President's Message.
Senate.
port of Colonel Davis, who commanded the Mis-
sissippi riflemen, where he speaks of that portion
of them under Colonel Bowles who joined him,
who fought gallantly and did good and efficient
service the whole day. And here permit me to
say, that I think it is the sense of the whole Amer-
ican people that Bragg's battery, and the other
batteries, and the Mississippi riflemen—honor and
glory be to them !—turned the fortunes of that day
at Buena Vista. They were beaten three or four
times, but they had such obtuseness that they did
not know when they were whipped, and fought
until they finally drove the enemy back by their
unsurpassed skill and unconquerable bravery.
Mr. President, I am sorry for having so long
occupied the attention of the Senate. 1 offer as an
apology simply this, that 1 have usually in my
place here been very abstemious from making any
remarks touching the character or conduct of any
gentleman, either in public or private station, un-
less those remarks were well grounded. But, after
saying what I did the other day, the issue was
made with me that General Lane had never called
into question the veracity of General Taylor, or
the correctness and fairness of his official reports.
I might pile proof as high as the dome of this Cap-
itol that he has done so. I have derived informa-
tion, both orally and from documents, that put
beyond the slightest doubt the fact that, when
General Taylor was brought into the field as a
candidate for the Presidency, nothing was spared
to poison the minds of Indianians against him, noth-
ing was left undone that could disparage him in
the eyes of his countrymen, or strip from him the
laurels which he had won on the battle-field.
The discussion of this resolution, into which I
have been most inadvertently drawn, seems now
to be reduced to the cases of Colonel Weller and
General Lane. I have not a word to say with re-
gard to Colonel Weller. I knew him very slightly
some years ago, and found him a very pleasant
and agreeable gentleman. I know nothing which J
detracts from his reputation, or which ought to
detract from it. Of the grounds of his removal, I i
know as little as any one. I leave him to other
hands.
But the reasons for General Lane's removal are
to me satisfactory, and should have been conclu-
sive on any President. Do not talk to me, in this !
connection, of that pure philosophy and pure wis- '
dom which teaches that we are not to remember
injuries done to ourselves when we enter the pub- ;
lie service. I should like to know whether the
great Whig party or the great Democratic party |
ever practised it ? Did General Jackson ever prac-
tise it ? Very fortunately, in our country we have I
hardly an office in the gift of the Government for '
which we cannot find some competent man who !
is willing to take the burden of it upon his shoul- j
ders. When there were hundreds of men in the
country as well qualified as General Lane, he |
ought not to have been retained. I do not think
that any Senator will say that, if he were Presi-
dent, he would not remove General Lane under
these circumstances.
Now, T will say a word to the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury.] With all due
respect for him, I would say, that from the first
introduction of his resolution, I have looked upon
it with but a very moderate degree of respect. It
was introduced at a period when the Union itself
was shaking to its very foundations. It was in-
troduced at a period when none of us knew how
long we would have a Government to shelter us.
What a great matter of concern was it, then, who i
should hold the petty offices of the Government
I would say (if I dared give a word of advice) that
I think we could perform our duties to the coun-
try even now, and could have done so from the
introduction of this resolution, much better than
by indulging in these partisan discussions. We
would fulfill our duties better if we mutually went
to work to produce a feeling of kindness and paci-
fication in our respective quarters of the Union,
where the madness and passion of some individ-
uals seem ready to upset the Government.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) Where are those
persons ?
Mr. MAN GUM. In the abolition neighbor-
hoods of the North and the disunion neighborhoods
of the South. I think we would have been quite
ag well off if Senators had exhibited as much for-
, bearance as General Taylor did at the battle of
| Buena Vista. He ivr.s disposed rather to go into
the glorious incidents of the occasion. We would
do much more to promote the interests of the
country if, instead of inquiring into the motives of
removing subordinate officers and the number re-
, moved, we would endeavor to produce a spirit of
kindness and pacification in our respective neigh-
borhoods.
Sir, as regards this matter of removals, south-
ern men and northern men reason very differ-
ently. I have a very considerable contempt for
that thing called proscription, which searches into
every mere ministerial office. If a man has in-
tegrity, has qualifications, I desire he should be
retained. It is not so in the North, I believe,
where a very different feeling prevails. Both par-
. ties there require the offices after a victory is won.
j I did once suppose that if this resolution had
I passed in its original form, General Taylor, imi-
tating the example of General Jackson, would
have put it under his feet with a species of—(what
it would not be parliamentary to say.) But I .
have understood since his death, from persons ]
who knew his private sentiments much better than
I did, that in all probability he would have given
reasons for some of the leading removals, and
they would have been such reasons that the vic-
tims of them would, to the day of their deaths,
deplore the blundering officiousness of political
friends in calling for them. I 'believe that Gen-
eral Taylor, to the day of his death, had the im-
|.pression, though he may have been mistaken, j
that no man was removed from office except for
| cause. I have no doubt that many removals j
1 were made for which sufficient cause did not !
1 exist. But I believe that General Taylor had the j
impression that no removals were made except :
for cause.
Sir, if the honorable Senator does get a vote
upon his resolution, I cannot see the practical
benefit it will produce. I think he could do much
, better for his country if he would endeavor to
produce a feeling of pacification in the abolition 1
neighborhoods of the North. He can be of great
service in that respect. He hai been of good ser-
vice; and I most willingly award him the credit of
it. And I wish it were in my power to do a little
to quell the spirit which is now in as high a state
of uproar in other portions of the Union. I wish
t a union conservative spirit pervaded all portions j
of the country. The measures of pacification
adopted at the last session of Congress, though
they were not entirely such as gentlemen from
either extreme would wish, are yet such as honor-
' able men may repose upon in safety and in confi-
dence. 1
Sir, I have but little respect for these mere par- \
. tisan issues as to Whigs and Democrats in these i
days. I have lost almost all sense of affiliation
with many of my Whig brethren. In some parts
of the country they had become so thoroughly J
abolitionized that I did believe, as a national par-
ty, they were bankrupt and broken up. The
cancer is nearly as deep in the other great party.
I go for the Constitutional Union party. I do not
go for the Union party as a submissionist. Upon
the fulfillment of a plain constitutional duty will
• depend the preservation of the Union. I shall i
not consider the Government worth preserving |
when the plainest constitutional injunctions shall
be wholly disregarded, either by the mob influ-
ence, the interposition of State legislative power, j
or corrupt judicial expositions. If you were to
strike the sun from the firmament and leave but a
slight sparkling scintillation behind, this great
solar system of ours would not be much more im-
mersed in darkness than would the world be if
this example of our free Government and free
institutions were to fail. Every man ought to
work for it; ery patriot is willing to die for it;
and I trust in God it will be perpetual.
TIIE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Fridat, February 21, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 18th instant, requesting him to lay before the
Senate any information he might possess on th&
subject of a recent forcible resistance to the execu-
tion of the laws of the United States in Boston,
and what means he had taken to meet the occur-
rence, and to state whether any additional legisla-
tion was necessary to meet the exigency of the-
case, and to more vigorously execute the laws.
The message was read, and is as follows:
Executive Department, February 19, 1851.
To the Senate oj the United States:
I have received the resolution r>t the Senate of the 18tt*
instant, requesting me to lay before that hndy, if not in-
compatible with the pubiie interest, any information I may-
possess in regard to an alleged recent case of a forcible re-
sistance to the execution of the laws of the United States*
in the city of Boston, and to communicate to the Senate,
under the above conditions, what means I have adopted to
meet the occurrence ; and whether, in my opinion, any ad-
ditional legislation is necessary to meet tiie exigency of tha
case, and to more vigorously execute existing laws.
The public newspapers contain an affidavit of Patrick
Riley, a deputy marshal for the district of Massachusetts,
setting forth the circumstances of the case, a copy of whicli
affidavit is herewith communicated. Private and unofficial
communications concur in establishing the main facts of
this account, hut no satisfactorj official information has as
yet been received, and in some important respects the ac-
curacy of the account has been denied by persons whom it
implicates. Nothing could be more unexpected than that
such a gross violation of law, such a high-handed contempt
of the authority of the LT Aed States, should be perpetrated
by a band of lawless confederates, at noonday" in the city
of Boston, and in the very temple* of justice. I regard this
flagitious proceeding as being a surprise, not unattended by
some degree of negligence ; nor do I doubt that, if any
such act of violence had been apprehended, thousands of
the good citizens of Boston would have presented them-
selves, voluntarily and promptly, to prevent it; but the dan-
ger does not seem to have been timely made known, or
duly appreciated by those who were concerned in the exe-
cution of the process.
In a community distinguished for its love of order an ft
respect for the laws ; among a people whose sentiment i*
liberty and law. and not liberty without law, nor above the
law, such an outrage could only be the result of sudden vio-
lence, unhappily too much unprepared for to be successfully
resisted. It would be melancholy, indeed, if we were obliged
to regard this outbreak against the constitutional and lega
authority of the Government, a* proceeding from the general
feeling of the people, in a spot which is proverbially called
" the cradle of American liberty." Such, undoubtedly, is
not the fact. It violates, without question, the general sen-
timent of the people of Boston, and of avast majority of the
whole people of Massachusetts as much as it violates the
Jaw, defies the authority of the Government, and disgraces
those concerned in it, their aiders and abettors.
It is, nevertheless, my duty to lay before the Senate, in
answer to its resolution, some important tacts and consider-
ations connected with the subject.
A resolution of Congress, of September 23, 1789, de-
clared :
" That it be recommended to the Legislatures of the sev-
' eral States to pass laws, making it expressly the duty of
' the keepers of their jails to receive and safe keep therein,
' all prisoners committed under the authority of the United
' States, until they sliall be discharged by the course of the
' laws thereof, under the like penalties as in the case of
'prisoners committed under the anthority of such States
'respectively; the United States to pay for the use and
'keeping of such jails, at the rate of fifty cents per month
'for each prwoner that shall, under their authority, becom-
'mitted thereto, during the time such prisoner shall be
'therein confined ; and also to support such of said pris-
£ oners as shall !>e committed for offences."
A further resolution of Congress, of the 3d of Marcli,
1791, provides that " whereas Congress did, by a resolution
4 of the 23d day of September, 1789, recommend to the sev-
' eral States to pa«« laws making it expressly the duty of the
' keepers of their jails to receive and safe keep therein all
c prisoners committed under the authority of the United
' States ; in order, therefore, to insure the administration of
'justice—
"Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representative*
k of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
* That in ca*e anv State shall not have complied with the
' said recommendation, the muishal in such State, under
'the direction of the judge of the district, be authorized to
' lure a convenient place to serve as a temporary jail, and
f to make the necessary provision for the safekeeping of
' prisoners committed tinder the authority of thp United
' States, until permanent provision shall be made by law for
' that purpose; and the said marshal shall be allowed hia
k reasonable expenses, incurred for the above purposes, to
' be paid out of the Treasury of the United States."
And a resolution of Congress, of March 3, IS21, provides
that " where any State or States, having complied with the
' recommendation of Consres-* in the resolution of the tweu-
' ty-thnd day of September, 17^9, shall have withdrawn or
' shall hereafter withdraw, either in whole or in part, the
' use of their iails for piisotiers committed under the author-
'itvof the United States, the marshals in such State or
' States, under the direction of the judge of the district, shall
' he and hereby is authorized and required to hire a conve-
' nient place to serve as a temporary iail, and to make the
' necessary provision for the safe-keeping of prisoners com-
' mitted urnler the authority of the United States, until per-
' matient provision shall be made by law for that purpose ;
' and the -.aid marshal shall he allowed his reasonable ex-
' p<Mi<e« incurred for the above purposes, to be paid out of
' the Treasury of' the United State*." These various pro-
visions of the law remain unrepealed.
By the law of Massachusetts, as that law ctood before the
act of the Lcgiblatjr* of that State, of the fourth of March,
