1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law-
-Messrs. Clay and Hale.
Senate,
1843, the common jails in the respective counties wore to
t e used for the detention of any pereons detained or commit-
ted by the authority of the courts of the TJnited States, as
well as by the courts and magistrates of the State. But these
provisions were abrogated and repealed by the act of the
Legislature of Massachusetts of the 94th of March, 1843.
That act declares that w no judge of any court of record
* of this Commonwealth, and no justice of the peace, shall
* hereafter take cognizance or grant certificates in cases that
* may arise under the third section of an act of Congress
* passed February 12,1793, and entitled ( An act respecting
* fugitives from justice, and persons escaping from the ser-
* vice of their masters.' to any person who claims any other
* person as a fugitive slave within the jurisdiction of the
■* Commonwealth." And it further declaresthat " no sher-
* iff, deputy sheriff, coroner, constable, jailer, or other offi-
* cer of this Commonwealth, shall hereafter arrest or detatn,
* or aid in the arrest or detention, or imprisonment in any
* jail or other building belonging to this Commonwealth, or
(to any county, city, or town thereof, of any person for the
* reason that he is claimed as a fugitive slave." Aud it
further declares that " any justice bf the peace, sheriff, dep-
* uty sheriff, coroner, constable, or jailer, who shall offend
* against the provisions of this law, by in any way acting
* directly or indirectly under the power conferred by the
•third section of the act of Congress aforementioned, shall
4 forfeit a sum not exceeding one thousand dollars for
* every such offence, for the use of the county where said
4 offence is committed, or shall be subject to imprisonment
1 not exceeding one year in the county jail."
This law, it is obvious, had two objects: the first was to
make it a penal offence in all officers and magistrates of the
Commonwealth to exercise th^powers conferred on them
by the act of Congress of the l9th of February, 1793, enti-
tled " An act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons
escaping from the service "of their masters," and which
powers they were fully competent to perform up to the time
of this inhibition and penal enactment; second, to refuse
the use of the jails of the State for the detention of any per-
son claimed as a fugitive slave.
* It is deeply to be lamented that the purpose of the*® en-
w actments is quite apparent. It was to prevent, as far as the
Legislature of the State could prevent, the laws of Congress i
passed for the purpose of carrying into effect that article of [
the Constitution of the United State*? which declarer that I
*( no person held to service or labor in one State, und# r the
* laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence I
« of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such
* service or labor, but shall be delivered up on the claim of
* the party to whom such service or labor may be due,"
from being carried into effect. But these acts of State le-
gislation, although they may cause embarrassment and
create expense, cannot derogate either from the duty or the
authority of Congress to carry out fully and fairly the plain
■and imperative constitutional provision for the delivery of
persons, bound to labor in one State and escaping into an-
other, to the party to whom such labor may be due.
It is quite clear tbat, by the resolution of Congress of
3d of March; 1821, the marshal of the United States, in any
State in which the use of the jails of the State has been
withdrawn in whole or in part for the purpose of the deten-
tion of persons committed under the authority of the United
States, is not only empowered, but expressly required, un-
der the direction of the judge of the district, to hire a con-
venient place fhr the safe-keeping of prisoners committed
under authority ofthe United States. It will be seen, from
papers accompanying this communication, that the attention
ofthe marshal of Massachusetts was distinctly called to this
provision of the law by a letter from the Secretary of State,
of the date of October 28th last. There is no official inform-
ation that the marshal has provided any such place for
the confinement of his prisoners. If be has not, it is to be
regretted tbat this power was not exercised by the marshal,
under the direction of the district judge, immediately on the
passage of the act ofthe Legislature of Massachusetts, of
the 24th March, 1843; and especially that it was not exer-
cised on the passage of the fugitive slave law of the last ses-
sion, or when the attention of the marshal was afterwards
particularly drawn to it.
It is true tbat the escape from the deputy marshals in this
case was not owing to the want of a prison, or place of con-
finement, but still it is not easy to see how the prisoner
could have been safely and conveniently detained, during
an adjournment ofthe hearing, for some days, without such
place of confinement. If it shall appear that no such place
baa been obtained, directions to the marshal will be given
to lose no time in the discharge of this duty.
I transmit to the Senate the copy of a proclamation issued
t>y me on the 18th instant, in relation to these unexpected
and deplorable occurrences in Boston, together with copies
of instructions from the Departments of War and Navy rel-
ative to the general subject. And I communicate aUo
copies of telegraphic dispatches transmitted from the De-
partment of State to the district attorney and marshal of the
United States for the district of Massachusetts, and their
answers thereto.
In regard to the last branch of tlic inquiry made by the
resolution of the Senate, I have to observe that theConsti
tution declares that u the President '•hall take care that the
laws be faithfully executed," and that " he shall be com-
mander-in-chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and of the militia of the several States, when called
into the actual service ofthe United States;" and that
** Congress shall have power to provide fhr calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tion, and repel invasions." From which it appears that
the Army and Navy are, by the Constitution, placed under
the control of the Executive, and probably no legislation of
Congress could add to or diminish the power thus given,
but by increasing or diminishing or abolishing altogether
the Anuy and Navy. But not so with the militia. The
President cannot call the militia into service, even to exe-
cute the laws or repel invasions, but by the authority of
acts of Congress passed for tbat purpose. But when the
militia are called into service, in the manner prescribed by
law, then the Constitution itself gives the command to the
President. Acting on this principle, the Congress, by the
act of February 28, 1795, authorized the President to call
forth the militia to repel invasion and " suppress insurrec-
tions against a State government, and to suppress combina-
tions against the laws of the United States, and cause the
laws to be faithfully executed." But the act proceeds to
declare that, whenever it may be necessary, in the judg-
ment of the President, to use the military force thereby di-
rected to be callcd forth, the President shall forthwith, by
proclamation, command such insurgents to disperse, and
retire peaceably to their respective abodes, within a limited
time. These words are broad enough to require a procla-
mation in all cases where militia are called out under that
act, whether to repel invasion or suppress an insurrection,
or to aid in executing the laws. This section has, conse-
quently, created some doubt whether the militia could be
called forth to aid in executing the laws without a previous
proclamation. But yet the proclamation seems to be in
words directed only against insurgents, and to require them
to disperse, thereby implying not only an insurrection, but
an organized, or at least an embodied force. Such a proc-
lamation in aid of the civil authority would often defeat the
whole object by giving such notice to persons intended to
be arrested that they would be enabled to fly or secrete
themselves. The force may be wanted sometimes to make
the arrest, and also sometimes to protect the officer after it
is made, and to prevent a rescue. I would therefore sug-
gest that this section be modified, by declaring that nothing
therein contained shall be construed to require any previous
proclamation, when the militia are called fortji cither to
repel invasion, to execute the laws, or suppress combina-
tions against them; and that the President may make such
call, and place such militia under the control of any civil
officer of the United States, to aid hiin in executing the
laws or suppressing such combinations; and while so em-
ployed, they shall be paid by and subsisted at the expense
of the United States.
Congress, not probably adverting to the difference be-
tween the militia and the regular Army, by the act of March
3, 1807, authorized the President te use the land and naval
forces of the United States for the same purposes for whictv
he might call forth the militia, and subject to the same proc-
lamation. But the power of the President, under the Con-
stitution, as commander of the Army and Navy, is general;
and his duty to see tlie laws faithfully executed, is general
and positive; and tlie act of 1807 ought not to be construed
as evincing any disposition in Congress to limit or restrain
this constitutional authority. For greater certainty, how-
ever, it may be well that Congress should modify or explain
this act, in regard to its provisions fhr theemploymentof the
Army and Navy of the United States, as well as that in re-
gard to calling forth the militia. It is supposed not to be
doubtful that all citizens, whether enrolled in the militia or
not, may be summoned as members of ths posse comitatus,
either by the marshal or a commissioner, according to law;
and that it is their duty to obey such summons. But per-
haps it may be doubted whether the marshal or a commis-
sioner can Summon as the posse comitatus an organized
militia force, acting under its own appropriate officers, with-
out the consent of such officers. This point may deserve
tlie consideration of Congress.
I use this occasion to repeat the assurance, that, so far as
depends upon me, the laws shall be faithfully executed, and
all forcible opposition to them suppressed ; and to this end
I ain prepared to exerpise, whenever it may become neces-
sary, the power constitutionally vested in me to the fullest
extent. I am fully persuaded that the great majority ofthe
people of this country are warmly and strongly attached to
the Constitution, the preservation of the Union, the jU3t
support of the Government, and the maintenance of the
authority of law. I am persuaded that theirearnest wishes
and the line of my constitutional duty entirely concur; and
I doubt not firmness, moderation, and prudence, strength-
ened and animated by the general opinion of the people,
will prevent the repetition of occurrences disturbing the
public peace and reprobated by all good men.
millard fillmore.
Mr. CLAY said: I have listened with great sat-
isfaction to the reading of this message of the
President. Its general tone and firm resolution
announce that he will carry into effect the exe-
cution of the laws of the United States. It ought
to be, and I trust will be, satisfactory to every im-
partial and candid man in the whole community.
There is only one regret, if I were to express any,
that I feel. I think the marshal of Massachusetts
ought to be dismissed, and I have very little doubt,
although not authorized to say anything upon the
subject, that the President is subjecting his con-
duct to that scrutiny which will enable him to come
to a satisfactory conclusion as to the point of duty
whether he should or should not dismiss him. I
intend, •ter a few remarks, to make amotion with
respect to this message.
I avail myself of the occasion to express the
high degree of satisfaction which I have felt in
seeing the general and faithful execution of this
law. It has been executed in Indiana under cir-
cumstances really of great embarrassment, doubt,
and difficulty. It has been executed in Ohio, in
repeated instances—in Cincinnati. It has been
executed in the State of Pennsylvania, at the seat
of government of the State, and at the great com-
mercial metropolis of the State. It has been exe-
cuted in the great metropolis of the Union—New
York—I believe upon more than one occasion. It
has been executed everywhere except in the city
of Boston, and there has been a failure there upon
two occasions to execute the law. I confess, sir,
that when I heard of the first failure, I was most
anxious to hear of the case of another arrest of &
fugitive slave in Boston, that the experiment might
be again made, and that it might be satisfactorily
ascertained whether the law could or could not be
executed in the city of Boston. Therefore, with
profound surprise and regret, I heard of the recent
occurrence, in which the law had been again treated
with contempt, and the court-house of the country
violated by an invasion of a lawless forcp. Sir, I
stated upon a former occasion, that the mob con-
sisted chiefly, as is now stated by the President,
of blacks. But, when I adverted to that fact, I
had in my mind those, wherever they may be, in
high or low places, in public or private, who insti-
gated, incited, and stimulated to these deeds of
enormity, those poor black, deluded mortals. They
are the persons who ought to be reached. They
are the persons who ought to be brought to con-
dign punishment; and I trust, if there be any in-
competency in existing laws to punish those who
advised, and stimulated, and instigated those un-
fortunate blacks to these deeds of lawless enor-
mity, that the defects will be supplied, and the
really guilty party who lurks behind, putting
forward these miserable wretches, will be brought
to justice. I believe—at least I hope—the exist-
ing laws will 'be found competent to reach their
case.
Mr. President, in the message which has just
been read, the President has suggested two or
three doubts or defects in existing Taws. The act
of 1795 presupposes the existence and continued
action of an insurrection, and, consequently, the
existence and combination of insurgents who carry
on that insurrection. The act, therefore, requires
that before there shall be any application of force
to quell the insurrection, there snail be a proclama-
tion announced and read to the community and in-
surgents, commanding them to disperse, and then,
if they fail to disperse, the application of force
shall compel that to be done which the parties
would not do without it. But it is manifest that
in such a case as that which has recently occurred
in Boston this act cannot be carried out, because
there is no preexisting insurrection. There are
no known insurgents. The first evidence of op-
position and obstruction to the law arises from the
fact that a party suddenly burst into the court-
house, dispersed the officers, violated the sanctua-
ry of justice, and committed those enormities of
which we have recently heard. To make a proc-
lamation beforehand is therefore impossible. The
President suggests, among the legal remedies
which these cases may call for, that of dispensing
with the proclamation in such cases. There is
some doubt, under the act of March, 1787, wheth-
er the Armv and Navy authorized to be employed
to enforce the laws of the United States can be
employed without prior proclamation, as is re-
quired in case of an insurrection. That, also, is
a subject worthy of consideration. My motion
then is, that this message and accompanyiny doc-
ument be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and that that committee be instructed to re-
port, with all convenient dispatch, upon the
recommendations contained in the message. I
will also move, at a proper time, for it<? printing,
and the printing of an extra number of copies.
Mr. HALE. I am not disposed to allow this
case to pass without letting it be understood by all
who feel any interest in knowing, how I stand
upon this question. I am glad that tlie document
which has been read has been sent to us for one
reason, and but one. It satisfies me most con-
clusively that the President thinks and feels pretty
sure that he is rendering his Administration ridic-
ulous, and that his proclamation hns done it; and •
he sent us a long labored essay, as I understand it,
to vindicate the propriety of what cannot be vin-
dicated. The idea of the President of the United
States issuing"a formal proclamation, calling upon
all the naval and military force of the Government
to hold themselves in readiness, and all officers
and good citizens everywhere, to defend this great
Republic against a handful of negroes in Boston!
I do not know how jt strikes others, but to my
mind it is ridiculous in the extreme; and I am de-
termined, as far as I am concerned, I will have no
part or lot in it. Anybody that wants to magnify
this into agreat affair has my full consent. Why,
