1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Cass, Mason, Dickinson, Clay, Sfc.
Senate.
try. If an American went to England and
conducted himself in the same manner, he would
not only be put down by public opinion, as the
honorable Senator from Kentucky says, but, he
would be on his way to Botany Bay within a
month after the meeting of the first court that could
try him for treason or sedition. Yet many persons
and many papers in our own country advocate the
course of this vile disturber of the public peace—
advocate his right to come to our country and de-
nounce our institutions, and disseminate doctrines,
which, if they prevail, will lead to the dissolution
of this Union as certainly as that the sun, which
is about to set, will rise again to-morrow. Yet we
are asked tamely to suffer this state of things. I
see that the papers in Edinburgh and in London,
which always manifest such a " kind" regard and
watchful care for the honor and institutions of the
United States, are denouncing the opposition to
this man, and maintaining, his right to go from
one end of our country to the other, abusing our
people and our institutions, and propagating views
as false as they are dangerous. The honorable
Senator from New Hampshire seems to think that
this is all fair; that there is not* particle of ill will
or animosity in it, but the kindest feelings towards
the United States; that it is a generous philanthro-
py alone which instigates this foreign political
propagandist. Credat Judteus Jlpella ! Let him
believe this who can. I judge the man by his acts
and doctrines. If there were neither physical nor
moral evils in England, and not enough of either
to engage the most enlarged philanthropy, I should
have more patience with a man who sets out to
try to find them in another country. But he comes
here from a land abounding in misery, to arraign
our institutions, to abuse our people, to condemn
our Government, and by falsehood and misrepre-
sentation to excite one portion of our country
against another by deeds of lawless violence. I
am not among those who believe that he is sent
out on this mission by the British Government. I
do them no such injustice. But he is doubtless
stimulated and encouraged by a false state of
public opinion in that country, originating in feel-
ings and motives which I do not now stop to in-
vestigate. There can be no mistake as to the bear-
ing of public opinion there upon his efforts. They
are almost universally approved. Nor do I be-
lieve, if he should accomplish his object, and give
practical effect to principles that would break up
the Government and dissolve the Union, and direct
our energies to internal war rather than to the
great enterprises of peace, that many sincere re-
grets would be felt in that country, however senti-
mental might be the paragraphs in the papers.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Michigan, I
take it for granted, does not mean to misquote me.
I did not remark that this law would never be ex-
ecuted. I cannot pretend to look so far into fu-
turity. What I said, and what I no& repeat, is
this: that if the Senator considers that this law
has been executed in such a way as to yield the
fruits of the law in every instance where the slave
is not recovered by effectual violence and resist-
ance to the law, he does not interpret the execu-
tion of the law as T do. I mean to say, that ex-
cept in some few instances, this law, as far as I
am informed, has not yielded the fruits of such a
law; for when it has returned the property to the
master, it is returned at a cost equal to the value
of the property. If the honorable Senator from
Michigan means that that is the execution of the
law with which the slave States are to be satisfied,
he misinterprets the feeling of the people of those
States.
Sir, I have not said that this law never will be
executed. I have said, what I repeat, that the
law cannot be executed; it is not in the power of
man to execute it, unless it is done with diligence,
and alacrity, and zeal, and good faith. I call
upon the Senator from Michigan to let me know a
ease where the law has been executed with alac-
rity, and zeal, and diligence, not only on the part
of the ministers executing the law, but on the part
of the people in the midst of whom it was to be
executed? It is easy to trace this thing to its true
source; it is the fixed and settled hostility to the
institutions which prevail among the people from
whom these fugitives come. It is an abiding hos-
tility to that institution which makes them treat
the law as the law of a foreign Power, and a law
which they did not contribute by their efforts to
pass. The fact remains upon the Journal of the
Senate, that when that law passed here at the last
session it was passed by the votes of the slave-
holding States. There were but three out of the
thirty-two Senators from the free States who voted
for that law. I instance the honorable Senator in
my eye from the State of Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Sturgeon,] and the two Senators from Iowa,
[Messrs. Dodge and Jones.]
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I would state that my col-
league, who is supposed to be very strongly against
the law, paired off with me on that question. I
stated that fact in a speech which I made at the
time of the passage of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Virginia will allow me to say that my colleague
has stated the truth of this matter. He would un-
doubtedly, as he has now said, have voted for the
law, if sickness, which rendered it impossible for
me to sit or stand, had not prevented me from
beflfcg here.
Mr. MASON. I am not challenging the votes
of the Senators. I am stating a fact, an historical
fact. I am perfectly satisfied that every gentle-
man who did not vote on that occasion had proper
and sufficient reasons for not voting. I am the
last man to challenge any Senator's vote. Such is
the fact—litera scripta manet. Only three Senators
from the free States voted for that law, and all
others who voted, voted against it—I think twelve
in number. Now, I say we may trace it in this
particular instance, and we can see and know and
understand, and we do understand and feel every
day, that the reason why this law is not success-
fully executed in the free States is, that the spirit
of the people is against the law and against the
objects of the law.
But the honorable Senator from Michigan asks
me if I expect every man, woman, and child, will
rise up and run after these fugitives ? Not at all.
I pointed to what occurred in the city in which he
lives, where the attempt to execute the law was
resisted, although not successfully resisted, by
violence. I understood that a slave was arrested
in Detroit sometime during the lastFall, that a mob
gathered, that the military were called out, and the
law was not successfully resisted by the mob.
Mr. CASS. There was a fugitive in the city of
Detroit, and the military were called out. There
was a demonstration, but no effort of resistance;
nor in my opinion, and in the opinion of every
well-informed person there, would there have been
any resistance to the taking away of the slave,
even if the military had not been called out.
Mr. MASON. There must certainly have been
a very strong demonstration, or the military
would not have 'been called out. Now it is one
thing not to lend efficient aid in carrying the law
into execution, and it is another thing not to in-
terpose obstacles when the fugitive is protected,
screened, and assisted by the population. There
may be instances to the contrary; and although I
do not mean to say, and have not said, that this
law will never be executed, I do say, that as long
as this spirit obtains among the people where the
law is to be executed, that it will not be done; or
if it be done, it will be done at an expense equal
to the value of the property recovered. I under-
stand that the Senator from New York corrects
me in one single particular, in relation to the case
which occurred in the city of New York. It
seems that suits were not actually brought in that
case against the claimant, as they were brought
in the case of Crafts at Boston. I do not know
whether I said that suits were brought against the
claimant or not, but if I did I was wrong in so
doing. I say that there were delays, great delays,
in that case; and that evasions of the law were re-
sorted to by those connected with the defence, for
the purpose, so far as I can understand, of defeat-
ing the execution of the law; and although they
did not successfully defeat it as far as final judg-
ment was concerned, they did defeat it as far as
the value of the property was concerned. I ad-
duced the case in New York for the purpose of
showing that this law was not sufficiently carried
out. It is no answer to the objection when I am
told by the Senator from New York that the ex-
penses were paid by voluntary contributions by
the citizens. It was done in that case, it seems,
but in how few cases would the claimants who go
into free States to recover property find the citi-
zens ready to bear the expenses of the recovery.
I have no disposition, and I do not mean to say
that anything was left undone by the ministers of
the law in the city of New York, necessary to
carry the law into execution; but I speak of it for
the purpose of showing the impossibility of exe-
cuting the law in such a way as to make it valu-
able, when the people among whom it is to be
executed are hostile to that law. That is the only
purpose for which I alluded to the matter.
Mr. DICKINSON. In the recovery of any
species of property under any law there is more
or less controversy and contestation; and if there
were to be no contest in the matter, no law would
be necessary. If the individual is to go and take
his property, according to the ancient rule, " and
let him take who has the power," " and he may
keep who can," no law would be necessary. The
very law, summary though it be, supposes that
there will be more or less contest, and provides
accordingly, and there can be no litigation without
some delay. Now, in this case, the delay which
is complained of, the Senator says, prevented the
recovery of the object of the pursuit. That depends
entirely on how highly the gentleman who was
agent of the claimant valued his time. He was
there, I believe, about ten days, perhaps more.
His own expenses, I understand, were paid. Coun-
sel among the most eminent the State or city of
New York could furnish was furnished him free
of charge. He was himself entertained by them
most hospitably; lost nothing but his own time, as
the slave was taken back to Virginia. If a few
days of his time were worth more than the value
of the slave, and the perfect triumph of the law,
then he went back without the fruits of what he
sought, as contended for by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. But a portion of that delay was caused, as
I am informed, lflfche declaration of the claimant
himself, that he u^Ud every possible facility given
to test the efficiency of the law, and to have the
matter fairly and fully tried. It was a leading case
under the new law, which had greatly excited
public attention, and he wished—and that very
properly, too—to have its practical operation put
to tne trial. He sought no advantage, no haste,
which would not give the fullest and most com-
i plete opportunity to prove what would be the oper-
, ation of the law. Another portion of the delay
was caused by the very serious illness of the dis-
trict judge, who was for that reason unable for
I some time to proceed with the case.
It does seem to me, therefore, that unless we
are willing to have it believed that we do not desire
to have the law executed, we should not cite cases
of this kind as proof that it cannot be done. Be-
cause, I repeat, so far from showing that the law
could not be executed, it has shown that a strong
public opinion, at least in that locality, was in favor
of its execution; for no one would undertake to
struggle against the public sentiment of his neigh-
borhood, to volunteer his time and pay his money
for a foreign claimant, unless he*believed he would
be fully justified in so doing by the right of the
matter, and be sustained by public opinion.
Mr. CLAY. I can say, with the Senator from
Michigan, that I heard with great regret the re-
marks made by the Senator from Virginia, be-
cause I do not coincide with him in the facts upon
which his remarks were founded, and I think they
may have a tendency to produce ill effects where
there is already too much disposition in the pub-
lic mind to be operated upon disadvantageous^
to the Union. I stated when I was up before,
! and 1 say now, that I doubt whether there is any
man in Congress who has watched with more
anxious attention the operation of the fugitive act
of the last session than I have, and in every in-
stance which has come within my knowledge the
law has been executed. In no instance has there
' been a violent obstruction to the execution of the
| law, as far as I know, except in the city of Bos-
I ton.
I Sir, let me run rapidly over some of these cases.
Let me recur to the acts in Indiana, so highly
' creditable to that peace-loving and union-loving
State. It was the case of a claim for persons be-
ing slaves who were as white as you and I are.
1 From what I read, the appearance of the persons
1 bore testimony, as far es mere appearance could
