300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Badger.
Senate.
the judicial system of the country.' In other
words, would not the ends of public justice be [
better subserved and the laws better maintained
without any attempt to overawe the public by a
resort to military force? These are inquiries
which are pertinent, I think, to this subject. They
are proper, and they are suitable.
I would ask whether, if fifty men are gathered
around the court-house in this or any other place,
they could not do violence? Could not they in-
terrupt the session of the court? Could they not
seize an officer of the court and take him away, if
they were so disposed, and would it imply any
neglect of the people, or any absence of suitable
preparations for such an emergency if it should
happen ? Are we to carry on our courts with a
military force surrounding the temple of justice,
or are we to goon in the usual peaceable, quiet,
and orderly way ? That is the inquiry. There
are acts of violence too frequently occurring in all
parts of the country. We witness them here in
this District, over which Congress exercises un-
limited power. How long is it since a man was
shot down and taken up dead in the streets here
at a fire? How long is it since another individual
was shot down in like manner in front of one of
the principal hotels, in a contest among the fire-
men? How long is it since I saw in the newspa-
pers of this city an instance of individuals firing
into private houses? Are these acts of violence
fit and suitable occasions for a proclamation of the
President, or can the punishment of all such acts
be intrusted to the administration of the law?
I grf this fari I say that whenever you go be-
yond this; when ever you withdraw your confidence
from the courts of justice, and resort to other
means that point by implication to a state of pub-
lic sentiment opposed to the execution of a law
so extensive as to be dangerous, it is an imputa-
tion upon the patriotism of the community. Now,
it is from that imputation, so^r as it is implied
from the course which has bIK pursued, that I
wish to rescue the community in which I live. |
Mr. President, what authority has the Senator j
from Kentucky to denounce the police of the city ,
of Boston ? I have seen the card of the mayor
and the card of the marshal of the city, but un-
fortunately I have left them on my table. The
mayor, however, states that Riley, the deputy,
called at his office and said he had got a negro,
and he thought he would call and let the mayor
know it; but he neither asked for nor suggested
that he desired or expected to need aid. The city
marshal states that Riley called at his office and
said he had got a negro, and that he notified him
of it, so that if there should be trouble, he (the
marshal) might be about. No aid was sought,
none desired beyond this. Such is the statement,
of these two officers. Nevertheless, the marshal
made his communication to the mayor of the city,
and thereupon the mayor ordered him to place a
suitable force putside the court-house, presuming,
I suppose, that he had no authority to interfere
inside, and this order, it appears, was complied
with. What was done inside ? Why a band al-
most entirely of colored persons—the greatest
number of white persons estimated by the news-
papers connected with tnem being only half a
dozen—a band of colored persons then were within
the walls of the court-house, unarmed, showing
no purpose of resistance. What followed? In
the course of events, the city marshal states that
he sent an officer to the court-room, who was de-
nied admission, but the city marshal learned from
sources in which he confided that the United States
deputy marshal did not desire assistance. This
in substance he states. What becomes, then, of
these charges against the city government ? What
becomes of this denunciation of the police ? I may
add that when the city government assembled, they
passed resolutions of express instruction to the
police to interpose their power in all such cases.
Some speculative doubts had arisen under the laws
of Massachusetts whether it was their duty, and
it was, as I suppose, to dispel these doubts that
these resolutions were adopted.
I now beg leave to read from one of the Boston
papers an account of the matter. After quoting a
New York paper, the paper which I hold in my
hand, the Daily Bee, says:
" In the above opinion, respecting the pusillanimous con-
duct of the deputy marshal, almost every one concurs. As
yesterday evening's Journal (a daily paper) truly remarks,
that functionary appears to have made no preparations to
retain his prisoner in case of an attempt at rescue, and
when a rush was made into the court room by a small body
of unarmed men, instead of making a manful defence until
assistance could have been rendered by the city police to
preserve the peace, not a single blow was struck, not a symp- .
torn of resistance was manifested—but the deputy marshal
and his assistauts allowed this outrage to be committed in
tlieir presence, without apparently raising a finger to pre-
vent it.
" Certainly, this is what the facts in the case show. The
deputy marshal was unarmed, and unprovided wiUi a reso-
lute force. Nay, when the outrage took place, he was, to
quote his own testimony, 1 squeezed behind the green door.'
We cannot see how any mail can defend a public function-
aiy who will thus be quietly cooped. Nor is it right to at-
tempt to shield such conduct, by lalssly imputing interested
motives for the non-interference of others. An individual
who seeks to claim a lion's share of glory, should bear a
double portion of the shame."
I might go on and multiply these accounts from
the various papers, and still come back to the in-
quiry, whether this is a fitting or suitable occa-
sion for the exercise of this power, but I leave the
public to settle that question.
I said the other day that I would venture to pre-
dict that the people of Massachusetts, by peace-
able means, would execute the laws of the United
States. 1 have seen nothing which leads me to
distrust this opinion, and I shall not distrust until
I see better evidence than any which now exists.
Why, what was to prevent the execution of the
law in this case ? There was some feeling in rela-
tion to this law. There was a disapprobation of
it in the minds of many citizens; and I submit to
you, sir, whether it would not have been prudent
and proper for the United States officer to have
taken some suitable and proper means to have de-
i fended himself against such a gang as collected.
He not only took no means, so far as the papers I
l represent, but there was not one single effort made,
! as far as I understand, to recapture the person who
was rescued. Whether these facts cast blame and
reproach on the officers who had charge of the fu-
i gitive in custody, let every man judge for himself.
J 1 have no desire to arraign the conduct of any one,
j and therefore leave the facts as I find them to speak
for themselves.
But the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] says that Massachusetts should be de-
nounced as having failed to fulfill her federal obli-
gations. In what, sir? _ Why, because she passed
a law some seven years "ago, from which he read
a paragraph or two, in relation to the use of her
prisons and the employment of the State officers
to execute the laws of the United States. But be-
fore acquiescing in the justice of this charge, let
us understand what Massachusetts has done in re-
gard to the restoration of fugitive slaves. She
undertook, like most, if not all the States, to carry
out the resolution of Congress passed in 1789, in-
terpreting the Constitution on this point. She con-
sidered this clause in the Constitution, by its own
terms, and by the resolution of 1789, as imposing
a duty on the State to legislate for the return of fu-
gitive slaves. She did legislate for that purpose in
good faith, and at the time the Supreme Court in
Prigg vs. Pennsylvania declared her laws and the
laws of other States unconstitutional, her statutes
were in full force, and she had executed them, as
far as I know, in connection with the law of the
L'nited States of 1793. When the constitutional
authority declared that she had no power on this
subject, that she had no right to legislate oil it,
then she changed her system of legislation.
Now, while I do not approve, in my own judg-
1 ment, the extent to which her act was carried, I
must say, in reply to the Senator from Virginia,
that I see no obligation, except an obligation of
courtesy, on the part of the State of Massachu-
setts, to employ her officers, or her prisons, or her
legislation, to execute or carry into effect a pro-
vision confined exclusively to the United States,
i The power of interference as a State had been de-
nted to her by the competent tribunals of the coun-
try; and there were, as you know, sir, and as
others know, at that time other causes working
| which, no doubt, might by possibility have crea-
ted, to some extent, a spirit of resentment; if it be
so it is to be regretted, whatever and however unjust
the provocation. I do not think, then, that in this
there is any proof of a want of attachment to the
Union, or any violation on the part of the State
of her obligations. The United States had said
, that.it was their duty, and their duty alone, to ,
execute this provision of the Constitution, and the
States have no power, no control over it. I think
that that was a pretty clear hint, to say the least,
that they would take their own business into their
own hands, and manage it in their own way, re-
gardless of the States. What was left to the State,
then, but to repeal her laws? They were a dead
letter on the statute-book, because they had been
declared so to be. There might have been some
want of courtesy, perhaps, in denying the use of
her prisons, in denying the use of her officers; but
I think even the Senator from Virginia will not
question the right so to do, nor will he infer from
it any violation of federal obligation whatever.
Then what becomes of the declaration of the Sen-
ator from Virginia that Massachusetts has been
false to her federal obligations?
The Senator goes on still further to speculate on
the state of public sentiment, or public opinion
which exists there. He says, and so says the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, that there
is a public opinion existing there which is unfa-
I vorable to this law and hostile to it. I am not dis-
posed to draw in question the substance of that
declaration, if it goes no further than to allege dis-
approbation of some of the provisions of the act.
I believe many of its" stringent provisions are
offensive to the great mass of the community, and
if there were time I think I could state very good
reasons why they should be. They would, there-
fore, in my opinion, if they could frame a law,
make one in many respects different. But, never-
theless, I hold that the Senator is in no respect
justified in drawing the inference, that the people
will not execute the law. It is time enough to
charge them with a want of patriotism, a want of
fidelity, and a want of attachment to the Union,
when they show some evidence of it, when they
refuse or neglect some duty.
Now, do the fact"!, as they appear in this case,
show any want of attachment or fidelity to the
Union? Do they show any disrespect to the laws
of the United States ? Or any purpose whatever
of resisting the law? In my opinion, so far as re-
spects the people of Massachusetts, they show
none at all. They may be less zealous, as volun-
teer agents, upon a subject of that description,
than upon some others they have more at heart.
But when have they failed in their duties and in
their obligations? Why, the Senator from Ken-
tucky says this is the second instance where they
have failed. Well, he has himself furnished the
justification of the first. He has said that the facts
in the case of Crafts were all committed to the law
officer of the Government, and the law officer of
the Government said the marshal had done his
duty. What had he attempted to do? All he
had failed in doing was in his unsuccessful at-
; tempts to arrest the individual. And I take it,
when the lqw officer of the Government declares
that he stands justified on this point, he means to
say the facts were such as proved that he per-
formed his duty. I do not know what he did. I
have never seen these papers. It is enough for
me that the law officer of the Government, after
examining the matter, says he did his duty. The
Attorney General, in his statement, as the Senator
! from Kentucky says, was not entirely satisfied
with his conduct, but still there was no such de-
, parture, no such neglect as authorized any pun-
ishment to be inflicted upon him.
Did the people prevent him from arresting this
fugitive? Is that any part of the evidence? Was
it owing to the citizens of Boston or the citizens
of Massachusetts it was not done? If it was, I
have never seen the proof of any such thing. The
people of Massachusetts were mere lookers-oil in
this matter. There was a state of perfect tran-
quillity in the city of Boston; and the account
given by one of the 4pnts in that case from
Georgia is nearly ludicrous. He says he felt no
danger, he felt no apprehension, he saw nothing
to fear. He saw some excitement among the
black population; and that is about the whole
story.
Then we come down to this case. Does this
bear out the charge which is implied in this proc-
lamation, and in this message, against the citizens
of Boston? I know there are disaffected men there,
and men who entertain principles which I abhor
, as much as the Senator from Kentucky can, and
| who talk openly and freely about a dissolution of
