I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Badger.
Senate.
the Union. But, thank God, they are very few i
in number. I am not here to approve of their!
conduct, or of their policy in any respect; but I
am here to speak for my fellow-citizens generally,
and I would vindicate tViem as far as I could from
any reproach unjustly cast upon them. And I
cannot help feeling that the course of proceeding
on the part of the Administration is, to say the
least, hasty. When I say so, I mean to go no
further than to declare that in my judgment just
so far as it implicates the citizens of Boston as a
body, or the citizens of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, it does them great injustice. I
hold that they are true to the Constitution; they
are true to their fidelity to this Union; and they
have furnished no evidence in this transaction m
the contrary.
I will not trouble the Senate at this late hour by
entering more into this subject. My whole object
was to draw the attention of the Senate to the
points which I have presented. And I wish when
this matter goes out to the world tliat the world
may take the facts, and let those who can reason
with candor upon this subject, and who can ex-
amine it with calmness, to decide for themselves
whether any blame attaches to the city of Boston
or to the body of the people of Massachusetts,
and whether there is any obstruction to the admin-
istration of justice which the courts themselves
cannot and have not overcome. 1 do not stand
here to vindicate the act itself. It is indefensible
unquestionably. But the true question is whether
it stands upon the same footing with other acts of
violence which are perpetrated almost daily, or
whether it stands so prominent and so distinct in
its character, and is so dangerous to the commu- ,
nity, as to call for this interposition of power.
>fr. BADGER. Mr. President, I agree with
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, who
has just taken his seat, that whether this procla-
mation of the President of the United States is a
proper exercise of Executive power, and whether
there was just occasion for the grave and serious
contents of the message which he has sent to us,
depends upon the inquiry whether the transaction
to which it has reference was one of the ordinary
outbreaks of popular violence which occasionally
occur in our country or not ? If it was one of
those ordinary outbreaks, 1 admit that the procla-
mation was uncalled for, and the case has been
made to assume a degree of gravity and import-
ance to which, in its own nature, it is not en-
titled. But how stands the fact? This transac-
tion is not to be judged by its own particulars
and circumstances, nor is its value and import-
ance to be estimated by the number of those
engaged in it, or the particular violence or the
particular amount of outrage involved in the trans-
action itself. It claims preeminent importance
because it is the acting out of a great and widely-
Siread scheme throughout no small portion ofNew
ngland. If this had been an occasional outbreak
of negroes or of whites, growing out of the mo-
mentary excitement, that men were stimulated to
activity by the events of the day, which passed
away with the hour of perpetration, it would be a
case, however worthy of punishment, not worthy 1
of the solemn importance with which it has been
invested. But that is not the nature of the trans-
action. Sir, it is in vain to attempt to disguise it;
it is but the acting out of a desperate thing long
meditated, long encouraged, stimulated, and pre-
pared for months; aye, sir, for years.
Now, how stands this case? In the year 1843,
in consequence of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of Priggand
Pennsylvania, the Legislature of Massachusetts
passed an act, and now let us see whether that
act is reconcilable with the positions assumed by
my friend from Mass^iusetts on behalf of his
State. What did the court decide? That the im-
perative obligation of carrying out the clause of
the Constitution in respect to the reclamation of
fugitive slaves was upon the Government of the
United States; that that obligation was not upon
the States, as such; that the State officers who
were specified in the act of 1793, and there author-
ized to execute the law, were not by that law
pledged to execute it; that the United States had
no power to require from the State officers that
they should execute the law of the United States.
But they held that authority was ultimately con-,
veyed to them to execute the law if they thought
proper to use it. That was the decision of the
court. Now, what was the act which Massachu-
setts passed ? 1 n the first place she prohibited the
use of her prisons for the confinement of this class
of persons seized under the authority of the United
States. Was that an exhibition of spite against
the Supreme Court of the United States and the
authorities of the nation, or was it a legitimate
carrying out of that adjudication upon the mean-
ing of the fundamental law ? It was not the latter,
clearly, for the court had not said that the States
could not permit their prisons to be used for the
purpose of confining these as well as other persons
arrested under the authority of the United States.
Why, then, was it withdrawn? Why, but to
embarrass, to obstruct, and, as far as depended
on the action of the Legislature of Massachusetts,
to render it impossible to execute the law of the
United States?
In the next place, the State does not stop with
discharging her -officers from any obligation to
carry out the law. The State does not stop with
declaring they shall not act in the execution of the
law in their respective official capacities; but the
law goes further, and expressly and unequivocally
prohibits the office bearers in Massachusetts from
lending their assistance as citizens of the United
States, when summoned by the authority of the
United States to execute the law of the United
States. The law of Massachusetts provided that
their constables and other officers should not exe-
cute the law, and should not aid in its execution.
It is evident beyond dispute, no human ingenuity
can make a doubt, no human skill can avoid the
conclusion, that if that act is to be carried out, it
produces this result: that if the marshal of the
United States, with a process in his hand, either
when he is prevented from executing the process,
or when he is assailed by overpowering forces,
and his prisoner about to be rescued from him, I
calls upon the sheriffs and other officers of the I
State of Massachusetts to aid him in executing his j
duty, they are liable to a thousand dollars fine or ;
to two years' imprisonment for performing the I
duty they owe to the United States. That is
what the law of Massachusetts provides. Now,
the utmost that could have been said was, that
after the decision in the case of Prigg and Pennsyl-
vania, the State might, if she thought proper, have
withdrawn all voluntary aid and assistance to the
execution of that law. But how can she prohibit
her citizens, who, though they may be sheriffs
and constables of Massachusetts, are not thereby
such mighty men as to be discharged from obliea-
tion to the United States? How can she justify
herself? How can any excuse or palliation be
made for it, when she has prohibited every man
who holds office under her from yielding obedience .
to a command made by an officer of the United
States to assist in the execution of a lawful process
in his hands?
Mr. President, that is the first step in these pro-
ceedings. It dates back to 1843. Here is a law
intelligible to the people of the United States. To
execute this law is so disgraceful that no man
holding office under the State of Massachusetts
shall be permitted to engage in such an act of in-
famv; and to undertake to do it is to commit an
offence worthy of two years' imprisonment. He ,
who does it shall be put in the common jail, con-
fined with felons, treated as a disgrace to the State,
and an ignominy to his fellow-creatures. That is
the first step. Then we have the meeting of the
abolition societies; we have public meetings called;
we have lecturers—and that infamous man to
whom the Senator from Kentucky has alluded,
and to whom no man can allude in terms more
severe than his demerit deserves—that infamous
foreigner who has dared to invade the shores of
this country and endeavor to stir up the population
to acts of violence, and resistance of the law, and
dissolution of the Union—we have him and hi*
associate lecturers; we have these societies, we
have the pulpits—yes, sir, we have those who af- j
feet to follow the Divine teacher of the Christian
religion, and what have they all taught? We have,
too, the same strain in all parts of that section of
the country, "the law is odious; you are free;
the Constitution which pronounced that the-chains
of slavery which were around you in the country ,
from which you fled folio v you here is prohibited,
and this is done by a 'higher law.' You are not
bound to submit to this; collect means, prepare
I arms, defend yourself, and trust to every fugitive
1 slave in the country for assistance, for aid, for
protection."
That is what they have said; and now, after all
this has been gone through; after the Legislature
. of Massachusetts have, as far as they could, es-
tablished and fixed an ignominy upon this law;
after they have declared that to aia in its e4fcu-
tion in any way is incompatible with the higl^aig-
nity of office-bearer in the State of Massachusetts,
and that even a constable or a sheriff must con-
sider himself as a degraded wretch if he puts forth
his hand to assist in the execution of the law—
after all these efforts have been made, through for-
eign and domestic lecturers in favor of sedition,
through public meetings and assemblies, what do
we find ? Every species of obstruction by petti-
fogging lawyers, false charges brought forward,
false arrests made, for the purpose of deterring
those gentlemen who are in pursuit of slaves who
had escaped from them. And, finally, we find
when a stave has been arrested, when an examina-
tion is going on,and when a delay has been asked
professedly for the purpose of procuring evidence
—but the subsequent events show us with the
covert purpose to have an opportunity to effect the
violent rescue of the party in custody—when we
find these things followed by certainly a most rare
and most astounding exhibition in this country, of
 a collection of free negroes, members of a degraded
race, degraded every way, having the effrontery
to come forward in the public view, in a great city,
, and by violence overpower and insult tne officers
of the law and rescue the. prisoner, it becomes an
act of alarming importance. Not. as I have men-
tioned, on account of the degree of violence, or the
number of the parties engaged in the perpetration
of the outrage, but because it is the carrying out
| of what has been indirectly intimated of the law of
| the Legislature, and what has been directly con-
i summ'ated by the public declarations of preachers,
lecturers, ana public meetings held throughout that
! State. Now, I must say that under such circum-
stances I believe the President of the United States
would have been totally wanting to his duty if he
, had done less than he has done. I very much
question whether he might not with propriety have
I done more, but had he done less he would have
shown himself unworthy of the high place he oc-
cupies, and criminally insensible to the great in-
terests committed to his charge.
Mr. President, whenever an outrage of this kind
is committed, experience, permit me to say, has
taught me that danger is to be apprehended, not
from a prompt interference, but from delay. We
all recollect the accounts given us of those out-
rages in 1779 and 1780, which disgraced the island
of Great Britain. We recollect, and all know very
well, that had tlieattention of the Government been
called to the first outbreaks on that occasion, those
transactions would have been immediately sup-
pressed, and the supremacy of the law would have
been established with but little difficulty and no
bloodshed. What was the case there? It bore
a strong analogy to the present outbreak. Socie-
ties had been formed first of obscure men, of little
estimate, or power, or consideration, who, pro-
fessing themselves to be the exclusive defenders of
the Protestant interests, were endeavoring to sow
1 the seeds of dissension among the people of Scot-
land and England, on account of measures in the
one kingdom accomplished, and in the other pro-
jected, for removing a small portion of the griev-
ious discriminations then affecting his Majesty's
Catholic subjects in Great Britain. When the
first outbreaks occurred they were small and in-
considerable. The Government looked on inat-
tentively. No efficient power was put forth to
crush them or punish the parties concerned; and
we all know what was the consequence from this
criminal indifference and neglect. These associa-
tions acquired such power that for a time, in the
year 1780, they had the vast city of London in
their hands. Various murders, robberies, and mas-
sacres pervaded the whole of it, and at last the
outbreak had to be extinguished in the blood of
the citizens, shed by bands of soldiery, called in
under the necessities of the case to reduce them to
subjection; and by offering up great nuriibers of
, victims upon the altar of justice, in the regular
