1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Butler, and Downs.
Senate.
patriotic State. We all know that one of the ablest
and most prominent advocates of the compromise
measures was one of the Senators from that State,
{Mr. Bright.] His term was about to expire; an
election was to come on, and all felt how much
consequence was attached to the decision which
the people of that State might make on his conduct
here, and how much his defeat would have been
regretted by the people North and South. But
there was no reason for apprehension. He has
been triumphantly reelected.
How is u in the State of Pennsylvania, where
there has been much public feeling against laws
for the recapture of fugitive slaves—where there
have been laws passed against their recapture, and
where the author of the.Wilmot proviso reside?
What have they done? They have just elecflo
from among all their distinguished men one as a
member of this Senate, who, in all his long career
in the Congress of the United Staffs, in the other
House, has stood prominent as a gentleman hold-
ing correct principles on the slave question, and
such as no southern nan could object to. And
now there is pending in the Legislature there a
resolution expressing approbation of the compro-
mise measures of the last session. And they have
a proposit:on, I believe, to repeal their laws against
the recapture of fugitive slaves, showing clearly
their approbation of the course pursued by Con-
gress at the last session; and there is a strong
probability that they will pass.
Come to New York, that great State, the "Em-
pire State," where we have supposed there was
the strongest expression of public opinion against
it. Do you not see that a great change has taken
place there? True, such is the complexity of the
parties there, and such the effect of currents and
undercurrents in politics, that the late elections
have resulted in such a way that we cannot per-
haps hope—and I regret that it is so, and so does
the whole nation—for the return of that individual
[Mr. Dickinsok] who has so long and so ably
represented that State in the Senate of the United
States. Still I submit to you that there is the |
strongest evidence of a change in public opinion 1
where it was the most needed on this very sub-
ject. What are the circumstances of the case?
The Whig party had a decided majority in the
Legislature, so much so that it was thought scarce-
ly possible that there could be a question about
the election of a Senator by their party. They j
knew, however, that none but a moderate and
fair-minded man could be elected by them; be-
cause no other man could unite their party. They
selected a man who, I understand from high au-
thority, was as little objectionable as any individ-
ual; not one of those who go to extremes on this
southern question; that he was a prominent as
well as the most moderate man of their party. I
understand that it was thought that the friends of
the compromise would have nothing to regret
'from his election; because, while on some things
he might differ, he was a fair and honorable man.
In all probability he would have been elected as a
Senator of the Unitsd States without any difficul-1
ty, had not public feeling been so worked up that
they were determined to have nobody that was
not exactly right on this all-absorbing question.
The consequence was, that in the caucus for nom-
inating to this offiee, the party could not be united,
because one portion refused to pass a certain res-
olution expressing approbation of the compromise
measures. After that they could not be sufficient-
ly united to elect him. But the result of the whole
transaction shows that there has been a great
change in public opinion; that there has been a
clear and distinct change taking place and is still
going on there.
With all due deference to my friend from Vir- j
ginia, then, while thi^u the state of things, as it
cannot be denied mr controverted, I submit
whether it be politic and wise or just to object to •
the manner in which this law has been carried
out, and is likely to be carried out ? For one, I
never expected this law to be carried out without
some difficulties and objections. I think it is as
well carried out as we had any reason to expect it
would be. I have seen the utmost zeal and ener-
gy displayed for this object. 1 would not have
been made conscious of the strong disposition of
the people of the North on this subject had I not!
been among them, and I could not have conceived ji
of such a disposition had I not seen it manifested
! by the people of New York and other places in
this country. I was impressed with it and rejoiced
at it. I do not see any reason, under these cir-
cumstances, while we have everything that should
be expected, that we should complain.
Some remark has been made with regard to the
pulpit, and it has been said that the pulpit has
been arrayed against us. We know that was the
case formerly; that the churches North and South
were divided on this question,and that this showed
the extent of the controversy and increased its
difficulties. But I submit whether a great change
has not taken place with regard to the influence of
the pulpit also, and whether it has not been directed
more in our favor than formerly ? Look at the
city of New York as an example; logk at the nu-
merous sermons from the most talented men in
that city which were delivered on the last thanks-
giving day. What sentiments, what spirit did
they breathe? Love of the Union, and zeal for
the execution of the law, they breathed the spirit
which should actuate patriots everywhere, in the
Eulpit and everywhere else. They have been .
ailed everywhere as indications of the manner in
which public opinion was going, so much so that
they have been distributed over the South, and
have been noticed and approved there; and as we
all know the influence which the clergy have in
forming public opinion, it is a strong indication
that the law will be carried out; that a better feel-
ing now exists at the North than formerly.
Mr. President, I stated yesterday that I did not ■
concur in the opinions of the Senator from Vir-
ginia in regard to the objections he made as to the
manner in'which this law was executed, and that
I did not think that the people of the South gen-
erally would concur with him. It is useless to j
produce evidence to prove that the people of the I
South were satisfied that the law had been exe- j
exited in good faith. It might be easily done. It1
ia not necessary, however, to occupy the time of j
the Senate with it at present. But I happen to
have in my hand a letter which I have lately re- i
ceived from a distinguished gentleman of my own
State, and one of the opposite party from my own, 1
which speaks so clearly and distinctly and with so
much wisdom on this subject, that I will advert to
a few passages in it. It comes from a prominent
Whig, a gentleman very active, and who has al-
ways been so, as a member of the Whig party,
and who takes a prominent part in all elections.
He is a native of the South, where he has always
resided, and a planter; and I believe there is not
an individual in Louisiana who took a more active
part against the election of my friend from Michi-
gan during the last canvass of the Presidency.
The first passage whieh I read is one where he is
speaking of the celebrated speech of the honora-
ble Senator from Michigan on the subject of the
Wilmot proviso:
" Mr. Cass's speech at almost the opening of the last ses-
sion placed it on the right footing." * * * *
" I carried about my poor copy of the Intelligencer con-
taining it, and persuaded so many to read it, that the paper
is well-nigh worn out." ******
Such approbation, coming from such a quarter,
and under such circumstances, I think is entitled
to some consideration. But let us hear what he I
says with regard to the fugitive slave bill: I
" The fugitive slave bill was, if a victory, a constitutional
one, for which every patriot, on whichever side of Mason
and Dixon's line he may dwelt, should be grateful, simply
because the Constitution triumphed on a question upon |
which demagogues deemed themselves secure." |
Evidence of that kind might be easily multiplied. j
But I will takeup no further time of the Senate with
reading. There is another point in the speech of
the Senator from Virginia to which I wish to ad- 1
vert. While he does not deny that this law has
been literally carried out, still—as I suppose that;
was the meaning of the remark that it yielded 110
fruit—he says that the owners have not recovered
their slaves without trouble, without delay, and !
loss of time, and therefore the remedy is inade-
quate. It seems to me that this argument is based
on the fallacy that any legal remedy is perfect and
complete. The Senator from Virginia is a mem-
ber of the bar, and has had much experience, and
I put it to him how many cases, even of success-
ful litigation, there are where a man comes out of
it without loss and trouble, and without delay.
The most successful litigant comes out, not only ,
without gain, but is a loser. The fact is, that all
human laws are necessarily imperfect; we never
expect to come to exact justice; we cannot do it.
All we can do is to approach it as nearly as possi-
ble. None of our laws are perfect, nor are they
perfectly executed. We have laws with regard to
our revenue service, and numerous officers to carry
them out—collectors, marshals, and other officers—
yet we know there is not a day in the year when
these laws are not evaded. We have criminal
laws, and courts to execute them; yet nobod^will
deny that criminals escape punishment every-
where. So it is with all remedies. We cannot
expect perfection. All we can expect is, that when
a slave runs away, the necessary expenses will
have to be incurred for his recovery. That is not
the fault of the law; it arises from the nature of the
transaction itself. What would gentlemen have
more ? What is the condition of the slave in the
slave States in this respect? They sometimes run
away, not to the free States, but from one slave
State to another, or from one part of a State to
another. This creates a great deal of trouble, and
much expense; sometimes so much, that in some
cases where they seem to have a passion for run-
| ning away, and it is known when they are offered
j for sale, it diminishes their value so much. It is
J considered, if concealed, a defect which vitiates
J the sale. If the idea gentlemen have of the fugi-
tive slave law is that the slave must be brought
back as valuable as he was before, and as if he
never had run away, it is impossible that it can be
done. It is no objection, then, certainly not an
insuperable objection to me, that this law does not
give a perfect and exact remedy, that it does not
indemnify the party entirely for all the loss he sus-
i tains in consequence of the flight of his slave.
I think, then, Mr. President, that we of the
South have very little cause to complain'of the in-
efficiency and non-execution of this law. True,
there have been two instances in the city of Bos-
ton where the law has not been carried out. But
if you take the great number of cases which have
occurred within the last six months—more, per-
; haps, than in any ten years of our history; if you
j take into consideration that these two instances are
the only ones in which there has been a failure,'
and compare this with the number of criminals
i who have escaped from one State to another,
■ which the State from which they escaped had a
right to demand, and the failure of the law in other
particulars, I think it is to be regarded as a matter
of astonishment and satisfaction that there have
' been failures in these two cases only. I think the
people of the South should be gratified that there
has been a failure in these two cases only. I do
' not justify nor palliate the opposition which has
been made to this law in Massachusetts: I think
it is to be deeply regretted, and I am glad that the
President has taken the proper course, as I think,
to see that the laws shall be faithfully executed. I
hope they will be executed; I hope this will be the
last time that there will be a failure there or any-
where else. But, whether it be or not, 1 consider
these exceptions, so far from showing that the law
is not generally carried out, as going to prove that
the rule is the other way.
i The honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] alluded to the fact of the President
proposing to employ the military and naval forces
of the United States in the execution of this law
as a matter greatly to be deprecated, and to show
the little probability there was that the law would
be executed. I deprecate and regret the use of
the military force as much as anybody in the exe-
; cution of the laws of the country,
i Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me to
; put myself distinctly right upon that subject ? I
j did not go so far as to form any opinion as to the
j propriety of using the military force of the coun-
try to enforce the fugitive slave law; but I did say
, it was one of the ominous symptoms of the times
, when the President should ask for military power
1 to enforce a constitutional law of the country. I
did say that it was a strange thing that a runaway
: negro should furnish the occasion for calling out
the military force of the country.
Mr. DOWNS. If the honorable Senator had
heard my sentence through he would not have been
under the necessity of making any explanation.
[ understood his remark exactly as he has now ex-
| plained it. I did not understand that he objected
