306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Borland.
Senate.
gay that I should have voted in view of the prom-
ises it made, and its advocates made for it, rather
than from an}' confidence I had in its competency
to redeem those promises, or any expectation I
entertained that it either would or could be faith-
fully and efficiently executed. And, sir, although
no one can lament it more than I do, yet I am
compelled to say that my want of confidence has
been justified by the result—that my-expectations,
and painful ones they were, have not been disap-
pointed; but, on tiie contrary, have been fearfully
realized. What was apprehension—expectation
at first, has now become conviction; a conviction,
unwelcome, repugnant, painful to my feelings as
it is, which is forced upon my mind by facts now
staring us in the face—facts both numerous and
significant.
We have been told over and over again, and its
reiteration is hardiv done sounding in our ears,
that the provisions of this law not only can be,
but hare been executed, effectually and in good
faith. To my mind, the very reverse of this
seems to be true. To me it seems true that, in-
stead of securing the observance of constitutional
obligations, and bringing peace, and quiet, and
harmony, to an excited, agitated, and distracted
country, as was promised, and by many believed,
the very opposites of all these much-desired and
valuable blessings are now confronting and op-
pressing us. ijuch excitement and agitation as
we had here iR-ing the last session of Congress
on this suhject, there is more and worse now—
and certainly more occasion for it. Fearful as
■were the apprehensions which held the public
mind of tlfe country in Jjiraldom during the last
year, they were not, or at any rate the true
grounds for them, were not so fearful, because
not so palpable, by one half, as they are at this
time. So far, then, from this law having answered
the purposes and fulfilled the promises indicated
by its terms, and made by its advocates, it lias,
in my opinion, done harm rather than good.
I do not question the sincerity of Senators who
say they believe this law has been and will be
faithfully executed; that it has answered the pur-
pose for which it was passed; that it has fulfilled
its mission of peace, harmony, and the preserva-
tion of the Constitution. I accord to them perfect
sincerity and candor in all this; but 1 do question
the grounds upon which they rest their opinions.
Now, what are the facts? We are told that this
law has been executed. How has it been executed?
When and where lias this execution taken place ?
Can any Senator answer these questions? The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] stated
yesterday that there are fifteen thousand fugitive
slaves in the free States. I believe the statement
to be true. It is believed to be true in the South
—it is admitted at the North. I have never heard
the number stated to be less than that. Assuming,
then, this number—that there are fifteen thousand
fugitive slaves from the South in the free States—
I inquire how many have been recaptured and
recovered under this law? Will any one tell ine?
What proportion in number do the recaptured and
recovered slaves bear to the fugitives ? W^ill any
Senator who so confidently proclaims the success-
ful operation of this law make the calculation?
Fifteen thousand lost; how many recovered?
Will any one say that there has been one in ten,
one in a hundred, or even one in a thmismid ? Does
any one know of fifteen that have been recovered ?
Can any one tell me of a dozen, or even ten? A
Senator near me say3 not more than/ue or six. I
believe that to be true. Wot more than five or six
out of fifteen thousand ! How does such a fact
—that so many are fugitives and so few have been
recovered—square with the opinion that the law
has been faithfully and successfully executed ?
If such be the result of its success, pray what would
be that of its failure ? If the latter would be dif-
ferent, or worse for the South in any practical
respect, I confess myself to be one of those who
are unable to appreciate the difference or the ag-
gravation. ^
Much stress, I know, has been laid upon the
single case of the runaway Long, recaptured in the
city oi New "i orlc. We have been told that this
case alone is a demonstration, a gratifying and
encouraging demonstration alike of the success
and efficiency of this law, and of the disposition ,
and purpose of the people of the free States to fulfill .
j their constitutional obligations, by obeying and
! executing its provisions. But, to my mind, the
case reads a very different lesson. It is not in the
single fact of the result being a recovery of the
fugitive that we are to look for the true character
and bearing of this case. It is rather from the
I circumstances which marked the proceedings in it
; that we must estimate its importance, and form
our judgment of the kind and degree of influence
it is calculated to exorcise. Now, what were those
circumstances? The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] stated yesterday that the pecuniary ex-
penses alone which attended this recovery equalled
(or very nearly) in amount the full value of the
slave at home. Add to this the delays and other
personal difficulties and annoyances which the
claimant had to encounter, and who will say that
it was, in fact, a recovery of his property? Who
will not admit that, so far as his interest and his
personal comfort and advantage were concerned,
lie had not better remained at home, and let his
slave go free? Who will deny that actually he
sustained a loss beyond the nominal value of his
: property, instead of receiving that which the law
declared to be his own? With such delays, diffi-
culties, annoyances, expenses, (and, in some in-
stances, personal dangers,) staring him in the face,
what southern man will pursue, with the view of
recovering, his fugitive slave? The question is
fully and emphatically answered by the fact that
so few have done so; that, while so many fugitives
are in the free States, so few have been pursued,
and still fewer recovered. In facts like these, do
you find the faithful and successful execution of
this law? Is this the fulfillment of the promise
i that was made in behalf of this law? Is this the
II realization of the hope that was held out to the !
' South at the time of its passage? If so, sir, it was j
indeed, as many feared, an empty promise and a
delusive hope.
The right of the master to his slave is by this
law clearly recognized, and the means of main-
taining that right indicated and authorized by its
! provisions. But of what value is a right, of what
utility is the means of enforcing it, if confined to
the paper upon which the mere words that express
them is printed? And pray, sir, what morehavewe
had in this instance? We hear a good deal about
our rights under the Constitution and laws. The }
Molitiotiists concede us so much. It is all very I
fair in theory. But what are rights without rem- I
edies ? Of what vise, what practical value, without
the means of maintaining and enforcing them ? It
is a mockery; it is adding "insult to injury," to
tell us of such things.
But, Mr. President, the mischievous example
of this case (wherein the owner, instead of recov-
ering his lost property,incurs actual loss over and
above its value) does not stop with deterring and
preventing the owner from pursuing his fugitive
slave; and thus, without diminishing the present
evil, prevent, by possibility, its further extension.
It goes much further, and does infinitely more
harm than that. It goes directly, and certainly,
to the still more mischievous extent of saying to
the slaves themselves, in language which they can-
not misunderstand, and are not likely to disregard,
" leave your masters—run away—fly into thefree
States—you will not be pursued; your masters
will not encounter the difficulties, expenses, an-
noyances, dangers which the case of Long has
convinced them they must encounter, even in
cases of successful recapture." Is not this the
natural course of things ? Will it not be inevit-
able? I honestly think so. And this being the
conviction of my judgment, (in direct op)>osition
to my wishes, and painful repugnance to my feel-
ings,) while I accord to those who think different-
ly equal honesty of opinion, I cannot help feeling
some degree of envy at the facility they so emi-
nently enjoy of building, upon " trifles light as
air," a fiiith which in this case seems truly "the
substance of things hoped for, and the evidence of
things not seen."
As I have intimated, Mr. President, I have not
desired the introduction of this subject into this
Chamber. I greatly deplore its introduction into
either House of Congress. I have never seen
anything but excitement, agitation, ill-feeling, ob-
struction to the public business, detriment to the
public interests, grow out of its introduction and
discussion here. It is evil in itself, and I have
never known anything but evil to follow in its
| train. It is to my mind more fearful than the pes-
tilence, and I desire to avoid it as much. Such, I
am sure, is the sentiment of my constituents. The
so-called compromise measures of the last session
were passed. We did not like them—we did not
think they did justice to the South. Yet they
were the laws of the land; and although they were
not such as to satisfy us, we deemed it proper and
patriotic to bear the evils they inflicted rather than
fly to others that we knew not of; but which we
did believe lay hid in the dark abyss of resistance
and revolution. In this acquiescence, however,
there was a consideration of much, if not control-
ling weight; indeed, I may say it wasan indispens-
able condition. It was that we should hare peace
at least, as promised by " the compromise." We
felt that our rights had been infringed—that our
equality had been .unpaired. We were conscious
of the terrible price we had paid for it, and did not
deem ourselves extravagant in our desires that this
condition, so simple in itself, should be observed.
I repeat, it was peace—at least in the halls of Con-
gress—and that the business of the country should
be transacted, and its interests taken care of. Upon
arriving here, then, this Winter, it was my first
care to look around and satisfy my own mind to
what extent this natural and reasonable desire of
my constituents was likely to be gratified. 1 con-
fess that I found a better state of things—a more
encouraging prospect than I had expected; and, in
response to numerous inquiries I received from
home, I had real pleasure in say ins: that we had
the prospect of at least one quiet session, one
period of three months before us, during which this
dark and dangerous subject would be kept be-
yond these walls; and that, at least, one green spot
along the waste of time had been found, upon
1 which the Representatives of the States and people
might rest and have peace for a season, to meet
as friends, and, as men and patriots, perform
the practical and useful duties for which they
were sent here, and which their constituents require
at their hands. Some of my answers have been
made public, and I have good reason, from the
replies which have come back to me, to believe
that a soothing and healthy influence upon the
public mind in my State had resulted, and was
growing, from the contemplation of such a pros-
pect. Until a short time since this prospect re-
mained to us unclouded, certainly so far as the
action of Congress is concerned. In the early
part of the session an attempt was made to intro-
duce this hydra into the other House. It was
; met so promptly, and put down so effectually at
the time, that the friends of good order everywhere
heralded it abroad as the harbinger of peace, and
the people of the South hailed it as one of the good
" signs of the times." But, sir, who can say now
that these good signs continue above the horizon,
that this cheering prospect remains unclouded?
For one, 1 cannot. I cannot now write to my
people that peace prevails, that the session will
close as it opened—in harmony—and that the
public business is receiving that care and attention
it so much needs. A few we?ks ago, a scene not
very unlike this resulted from the introduction of
the slave trade, as a subject of debate. The spirit
of harmony seemed then strong enough to expel
the monster before serious harm was done. Relief
was then the subject of congratulation, for that
experiment showed how little the temper of the
times could bear upon the question of slavery in
any Of its aspects. But now, when the short
waves of that excitement have scarcely subsided,
another and a deeper one rises upon our view, and
threatens us with trouble and disaster. Who can
see or say how far it shall go, or where it shall
end? My poor vision extends not far enough;
but if we may judge from the past, it is almost too
much to hope that it will have any end at all.
And what consequences will follow its continuance
at this time? Apart from the ill-feeling it cannot
fail to excite, and from the malign influence it is
likely to diffuse through the public mind, what
will be its effect upon the public business now on
our hands ? Our committee rooms are yet full of
business, and our calendar is literally loaded down
with bills, the passage of which is necessary to the
public interest—indispensable, indeed, to the cur-
rent functions of theGovernmen t. And, yet, count-
ingto-day,only eight days of thesession remain,in
