308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
[Feb. 22,
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Downs, Turney, and Seward.
Senate.
a very contemptuous and ridiculous thing. But
Jt is contended, quite correctly, as I thought, by
the Senator from North Carolina, that the state of
public opinion was evidenced in Massachusetts
by their legislation upon the subject of fugitives,
and which has remained for a number of years,
with the people acquiescing in it. If we are to
judge of the state of public opinion by that fact,
and then to the efforts made in that State to arrest
the execution of the law, I think that the Presi-
dent would be justified in issuing the proclama-
tion. But if there be nothing in this argument of
the gentleman from North Carolina, and the peo-
ple of Massachusetts are to be presumed sound
on this subject, and resolved in good faith to carry
out the provisions of this law, I would agree that
the proclamation would be utterly contemptible.
But I think the Senator from North Carolina was
correct.
Mr. President, I am willing to adhere to these
measures, though I am not bound to do it either
by vote, or in any other manner. I am at liberty
to vote for any measure to aid in the execution of
this law. But I believe it is impossible that it can
be done; not that 1 believe that the law will be im-
peded in every way where there is an attempt to
take a fugitive, but I mean to say that, in all these
States, or nearly all, you will find these clubs
formed to watch the movements of every stranger,
and give information to the slave, and give facili-
ties for finding his way safely into Canada, and
thereby defeat the law. That is what I mean.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] says
there is an improvements public sentiment at the
North—a great change. *1 believe there has been,
and especially in the State of New York—a
change from Free-Soilism to the higher-law creed.
We know that among the candidates arrayed for
the Presidency, we had one from the Buffalo Con-
vention, The principle of Free-Soilism prevailed
there; but now they have failed to electa Senator.
Who were the candidates, sir ? Have you heard
of any may being put in nomination by any party
there who was an advocate of this law, or its
faithful execution in the free States? Have the
advocates of this law any friends there? If they
have, I have searched the papers in vain to find
the fact.
Mr. DOWNS. I will state, with the permis-
sion of the Senator, that there was a resolution
introduced approving in general terms the com-
promise measures, and that resolution was laid on ,
the table by a very small majority of only five or
six votes.
Mr. TURNEY. This is a piece of information '
which, if I had seen, had escaped my memory; |
but if true, it is a powerful argument against the :
proposition of the Senator from Louisiana. A
resolution approving the compromise measures
was laid on the table, given the go-by. Perhaps
you will hear something stronger on the other '
side in favor of the higher-law creed; that may
not be laid on the table. j
But to proceed with regard to the election of,
Senator. He is not elected, and this advocate of
the higher-law doctrine has been defeated by the
members of the New York Legislature. I believe
Mr. Fish was an advocate of that doctrine. But
permit me to inquire how much he was defeated?
Why, by a law of that State, they do not elect by
a joint ballot, but they vote in their respective
houses, and no man can be elected until he has
received a majority of both houses concurring.
Now, I understand that Mr. Fish has received
more than a majority of both houses; it would be
a large majority if an election should take place in
convention of the houses. But it goes into the
Senate, where, in consequence of a difference of
opinion perhaps between Mr. Dix, who was once
a member of this body, and Mr. Fish, one man
alone defeats the election. But this is harped
upon as an evidence of the great change in the
State of New York—a change from Free-Soilism,
as Mr. Dix was, to the higher-law creed.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to furnish him with a correct statement as to the
manner in which a Senator is elected in the State
of New York, because I presume he desires to
present the facts'
Mr. TURNEY. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. By a law of the State of New
York,the secondTuesday in February is appoint-
ed for the election of Senator; and on that day
the law requires that at the hour of twelve o'clock
the two Houses shall proceed to nominate a Sen-
ator, each Senator being required to rise in his
place and nominate some person for the office of
Senator. And so in the House of Assembly, each
member being required to rise in his place and
nominate a candidate for the same office. When
all have nominated, it is ascertained whether any
person has a majority of voices in the Senate; and
if so, he is declared to be duly nominated on the
part of the Senate. So if it is ascertained that
any person has a majority in the House of Assem-
bly; and if so, he is declared duly nominated on
the part of the House of Assembly. Whenever
these nominations have thus been made, and re-
sulted in the designation of the same person as a
candidate by each House, the two Houses meet
in joint convention, and their nominations com-
pared, and if they are found to agree in the same
person, he is thereupon declared duly elected
without any further balloting. If the two Houses
are found to have disagreed, each having nomina-
ted a different person, then the statute requires
the two Houses to proceed to an election by a
joint ballot. So that there can be no assembly in
convention until the two Houses have respectively
nominated a candidate. If they nominate the same
person, then the election is complete. If they
nominate different persons, then the convention
proceed to ballot. If they fail, as they did in this '
case, to nominate any person, then of course the
election fails.
Mr. TURNEY. I will not proceed further
with regard to the proceedings in the State of New
York. We are tolu that the States of Indiana and
Illinois, although they were in favor of the Wil-
mot proviso, have repealed their action with regard
to it. Well they might. It has gone into effect- ;
ive operation in the most powerful form in the (
Territories. In California they have it, and in
New Mexico the Mexican law prevails, and the 1
judges, appointed by a Free-Soil President, will j
enforce the Mexican law. j
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the Senator from Ten- |
nessee allow me to ask him one question? !
Mr. TURNEY. Yes, sir. I
Mr. CLEMENS. Did not the Senator vote I
for the territorial bill ? '
Mr. TURNEY. No, Sir. I voted for Utah,
but not New Mexico.
Mr. CLEMENS. Southern men did. And I
will state another fact: one of the judges in the \
Territories is a southern man from Alabama, and i
another is from Mississippi. ,
Mr. TURNEY. Perhaps there may be south-
ern men with northern principles. [Laughter.]
But I have no doubt that the President with his
freesoil feelings and views understood pretty well
what their feelings were on this subject before he
gave them the office. All the territory that is
worth anything is covered with the Wilmot pro-
viso, and hence you will hear these free States
say, we have no further use for that proviso.
What did these States do? Why, they instructed
their Senators to vote for the Wilmot proviso, and
because they now rescind these instructions, it is
said to be a great change, and the South should be
quiet and easy because those Senators who had
voted for the Wilmot proviso have been reelected
to the Senate of the United States. I confess it
has no great tendency to satisfy my mind that
there is any great improvement going on in the
free States. I would rather have some affirmative
action to satisfy me that a reformation is going on.
and that the South might hereafter expect some-
thing more than she has heretofore received.
Upon what was this fugitive slave bill founded ?
In the first place it is to carry out the constitutional
right which declares that fugitives from service
shall be delivered up. And every officer, every
judge, every governor, constable, sheriff, and all the
State officers, civil and military, members of the
Legislature included,are sworn to keep that Con-
stitution and support it. But although they are
sworn to support it, there is a law in the State of
Massachusetts making it a criminal offence if
they comply with that constitutional obligation.
If they aid in the apprehension of a fugitive slave,
as the Constitution which they are sworn to sup-
port requires them to do, the law of Massachusetts
says they shall be confined in prison for twelve
j months or pay a fine of $1,000. This is what the1
: l South has to rely upon for the faithful execution
! of this law. Although I had not anticipated open
public resistance to the execution of this law, I
did anticipate that they would be successful
enough by notifying the negroes, and running
them off in the manner that I have described.
Whenever a total stranger conies among them for
the purpose of securing his slave, he is compelled
to make known the object of his visit, and defeat
the faithful execution of the law. In order that
we might secure the passage of this fugitive slave
law, with a view to carry out the constitutional
rights of the South, we had to make a compromise.
And in that compromise we were to surrender up
the equal rights of the South to that part of the
territory of the United States for which  ur sons
had poured out their blood upon the battle-fields
of Mexico, and for which we pay at least our
proportion of the expense for the purchase of
these territories. This was all surrendered, to-
gether with enough of Texas to make two States,
in order to secure the passage of the fugitive slave
law; and after we have done it, we are told that
this is a measure which meets with so little favor
in the North that it must positively be repealed.
Mr. DOWNS May I inquire of the Senator
in what provision there was anything surrendered
up ?
Mr. TURNEY. Look at the constitution of
| California, and you will find that that territory is
all gone, and that when a southern man carries a
! slave there he will become free. That may be
news to the Senator, but it is not to me. It is ali
surrendered up with this compromise to get the
1 fugitive slave bill passed. We have got it passed,
and I understand that some four or five fugitives
have been recovered under its provisions; and per-
haps they might have been recovered if the law
had not been passed. Yet we are told that the
laws have been executed in good faith. How many
have been run off upon the appearance of the owner
I know not. I have referred to an instance which
took place in Michigan, when the owner, a gen-
1 tleman from Tennessee, attempted to recover his
. slave, who was notified of his appearance in the
vicinity by some of the members of the clubs that
I have spoken of, and assisted in making his es-
cape to Canada. It would be a very extraordinary
thing to apprehend a slave where these men have
their clubs, formed for the purpose of watching the
movements of every stranger who appears in the
vicinity, and learning his business, and givingnotice
to slaves that they are pursued, and aiding them by
affording facilities to make their way into Canada.
No, sir, I think the people of the South will have
to make up their minds that the law will not be
faithfully executed. It is useless to mislead them.
I do not believe this law can be faithfully executed
where all the feelings and sentiments of the people
I among whom it is to be executed are averse to it.
Not that they will rise in a mob and resist the law,
but they will notify the negroes whenever any at-
tempt is made to recover them, and aid them in
making their escape.
Mr. CHASE. I. regret exceedingly that the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has thought
fit to bring this affair to the notice of the Senate.
For my own part, after the measures of the last
session had been adopted, I was quite content that
they should be referred to the judgment of the peo-
ple, and to postpone further discussion until that
judgipent should be pronounced. I opposed them
when they were pending. I opposed them because
they did not meet the approval of my judgment.
I voted for but one of them, and that was the bill
for the suppression of the slave-trade in this District.
I voted for that and against the rest. But I repeat
I was quite willing that the public mind of the
country should receive these measures, judge them,
and decide upon them. I believed then, and I be-
lieve now, that the ultimate judgment of the coun-
try will be pronounced against them. I know that
this opinion is nota very general one in this Cham-
ber; but believing, as I do, that the measures were
not such as the public sentiment of the country de-
manded, I cannot doubt that upon a full and thor-
ough examination they will receive the public con-
demnation.
But I especially regret that we have this subject
of slavery pressed upon us at this time. For ten
months during the last vear we had continual
