1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fusntive Slave Law—Messrs. Chase and Butler.
Senate.
debate in this Chamber upon the slavery questions.
The whole public business of the country was
postponed for the accommodation of the discussion.
Hardly any great public measure unconnected
with slavery received the action of Congress du-
ring the whole session. We have again assembled.
The opponents of the compromise have abstained
From introducing discussions of these topics, inter-
fering with the progress of business. We are
now in the last days of the session, and what great
public measure has been matured for final action ?
Sir, hardly any measure of any considerable im-
portance has received the action of this body at all.
It was but a day or two since, that, for the alleged
reason of want of time, we postponed the discus-
sion of a very important bill providing a uniform
regulation of the fees of public officers—a bill
which, if passed, would have saved many thou-
sands annually to the Treasury. We had before
us, when the matter now in debate was introduced
into the Senate, a bill in which the people of the
country take a great interest—the bill for the re-
duction of postages. We had spent three days in
its consideration, when the introduction of this
business arrested its progress. Two days of the
nine which remained of the session have been con-
sumed in unnecessary debate, and the discussion
remains unfinished. The whole country is inter-
ested in the measure which has been thus deferred
and hazarded. Probably upon no subject have we
received so many and such urgent petitions from
the people of every section. Then there is the bill
for the improvement of the rivers and harbors of
the country, and especially of the West. For
many years this justice has been denied to the
section of the country which I in part represent.
We have now a bill before us making some amends
for this long delay; but this beneficial measure
must also give place to this particular agitation.
All the important appropriation bills, also, and
other matters of great public interest, are yet to be
acted upon; and the whole body of private claims
remains entirely neglected. I really hoped that,
in this state of the public business, the agitation of
no question relating to slavery would be renewed i
at the present session. I wish, and at a future 1
time I mean to discuss all these questions freely; '
but I do not wish to see them thrust before the
Senate to the entire exclusion of the public busi-
ness of the country.
Sir, it seems to me somewhat remarkable that
the very Senator who has most vehemently de-
nounced agitation and agitators should himself
have furnished the occasion of almost every debate
on slavery topics during this session. The me-
morial relative to the African slave trade was
brought into the Senate by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and referred to a committee, with a speech, |
and that led to discussion. The measure nrtw un-
der debate received its introduction here from the
same distinguished Senator, and I believe there 1
has been but one occasion upon which the subject
of slavery has been discussed in this Chamber,
during the present session, when the honorable 1
Senator himself has not introduced the proposi-
tion which gave rise to the debate. And yet we
were promised peaee, and quiet, and harmony. 1
have never beheved, I do not believe, and unless
the future developments shall convince me of1
error, I never shall believe that the measures to
which the sanction of this body was given at the
last session will be productive of quiet and har- ,
roony. We have been told here to-day thaj those
measures in the series which the South approved
were passed by southern votes, and those which
received the approbation of the North by northern
votes. Well, sir, is quiet and harmony to be ex-
pected when the parties who are to form the com-
promise are neither of them satisfied with its
terms? If each party rejects that portion of the
compromise which offends its particular section,
how can it be considered as a settlement? Sir, it
is no settlement. It has none of the attributes of
a settlement. This very fugitive slave law, to
which the attention of the Senate has now been
called, will of itself produce more agitation than
any other which has ever been adopted by Con- |
gress.
Mr. President, here in my place I opposed the
passage of this fugitive act. I opposed it for the
reason, among others, because I believed with a
Senator from Massachusetts, now no longer of
this body, that the obligations which the Constitu-
tion imposed in respect to fugitives from labor de-
volved upon the States. I agree with the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] that the clause rela-
ting to fugitives from service creates " a federal
obligation." And I concur with the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] in the opin-
ion that it constitutes " a compact between the
States." It is a compact to be executed by the
States, just as the other compacts in the same ar-
ticle are to be executed, in good faith, but each
State is to judge of the extent of its own obliga-
tions, and of the particular legislation required to
fulfill them. Now, sir, let us refer to the state of >
things some twelve years ago. It will be remem-
bered that about that time the transaction in which
the Prigg case originated occurred. Then New
Jersey had her laws providing for the restitution
of fugitives from service. Pennsylvania had her
laws, too, agreed upon by commissioners sent
from Maryland for the purpose of procuring her
action upon the subject. Ohio had her law, which
also originated in the application of commission-
ers from Kentucky, and received their approba-
tion. I am bound, in passing, to say that it never
received mine, but it did receive the approbation |
of the majority of the representatives of the peo- ■
pie, and was concurred in as sufficient and satis-
factory by the commissioners from Kentucky. :
Indiana had her laws; Illinois had hers; Iowa had
hers.
So, Mr. President, from the ocean almost to the i
base of the Rocky Mountains, stretched an unbro-
ken chain of State legislation providing for the
reclamation of escaping servants. This being the
state of affairs, the Supreme Court, in the case of
Prigg against Pennsylvania, decided that the
States have no constitutional power to legislate
upon the subject. • That decision swept the whole
of this legislation from the statute books. It
swept it all away from the Atlantic, as I said be-
fore, to the base of the Rocky Mountains. It
abolished the whole of it. Then, of course, it
became impossible to reclaim fugitives. The de-
cision of the Supreme Courtmade.it impossible,
and I believed then, and I believe now, that that
decision practically expunged the fugitive servant
clause from the Constitution.
•Mr. BUTLER. Will (he Senator allow me to
put myself right? The Senator from Ohio has
presented my proposition not exactly as I would
make it. I never have contended that under any
compactor federal obligation, it was exclusively
the duty of the States to carry out this law. That
is not my proposition. My proposition has al-
ways b^n in conformity with that of Chief Jus-
tice Taney, that whilst the State could pass laws
to aid any law of Congress, they were prohibited
from passing any law to interfere with a constitu-
tional doctrine. That is my proposition; not that
it exclusively devolved upon the States, as he has
inferred, but that the States were prohibited from
passing any laws to interfere with the enforcement
of this article of the Constitution; but they might
pass laws to aid it.
Mr. CHASE. I agree with the honorable Sen-
i ator, then, to this extent: that the fugitive clause
' of the Constitution constitutes an article of com-
pact between the States; and I think, this propo-
sition once being established, it will be extremely
difficult for any legal mind, by any train of logical
reasoning, to derive from that compact between
States a power of legislation to the Federal Gov-
ernment. If that power exists, I say to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina it may be invoked in
regard to those colored citizens of Massachusetts
who are confined in the jails of Charleston, under
police regulations relating to free negroes, with
precisely the same propriety that it can be invoked
with regard to fugitives from service. I repeat,
that in my judgment each State must judge for
itself as to the character of the compact, and the
I extent of the obligation created by it. The con-
trary doctrine promulgated by the Supreme Court
has invited, and, indeed, created much of the diffi-
' culty in which this subject is now involved. I do
: not propose to go into any full discussion of this
' matter now. This is not, in my judgment, the
proper time. It is too broad a subject to be dis-
cussed upon the spur of the moment in a debate
'| like this. I will, however, say something of the
II practical effects of the law of the last session.
It has been said by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky that that law has received as full alt
execution as could reasonably be expected. H«
has instanced a case in Indiana where white
persons were given up as slaves. He said that
these persons were as white, to all appearance, as
himself or the Senator then occupying the chair.
Such, I understand, was the fact. But I appre-
hend that another portion of the statement of the
honorable Senator was not strictly correct. I do
not understand that these persons had any African
blood in their veins. There may have been some
Indian blood. The attempt to reduce these per-
sons to slavery gave rise to the first demonstration
of force against this law. I learn from the public
prints that these whites were originally seized at
New Albany, in Indiana, and taken to Kentucky
by the claimant on his way southward; and that
in the State of Kentucky, near Hawesville, they
were rescued from the claimant by force—a mob,
if you please—and brought back to New Albany,
where an investigation of some kind or other was
had. I do not know exactly what it was. It re-
sulted, however, in the surrender of the alleged
fugitives. They were taken to Louisville, but
were ransomed through the humanity of the citi-
zens of New Albany, assisted, perhaps, by the
generosity of citizens of Louisville.
The Senator refers to two cases in my own
State, in the city of Cincinnati; of the first of these
| I know little, except from the statement of the
; Senator. He has said that an interesting female
■ was arrested, taken before a commissioner, and
surrendered. I saw a statement, which purported
to be an extract from of of the city papers, from
which it appeared that an interesting female, who
had resided for several years in the place, and who
passed among her neighbors as a white woman, .
was arrested and taken before a commissioner,
and that it was doubtful what the result would be.
That is all I have seen about it. What the final
result was, I do not know.
But what is the second case ? A servant woman
was brought by her master into the State of Ohio.
. By the judicial decisions of the State, when once
. within its limits by the consent of her master the
; slave becomes free. She determined, whether with
j or without advice, I know not, to remain and not
return with her roaster. He seized her and took
her before a commissioner. The court of common
pleas—the State court—issued a writ of habeas
corpus, upon which the party thus apprehended
j was taken before that court, and the investigation
was proceeding, when the woman herself declared
her desire to go with her master. Of course she
was permitted to go.
I shall go no further into these particular cases.
They are not numerous enough to form a conclu-
i sion upon one way or the other as to the probable
i execution of the law. The only fact perfectly ap-
parent is, that every case of seizure will be strictly
: contested, and when the legal right to the servant
l claimed is established, the "surrender will be made,
I unless perhaps, in rare instances, violence may be
' interposed to prevent it. But I agree with Sena-
tors near me, who have said that this right was
not of any great practical value, because, in the
I first place, seizures cannot be easily effected, and
because, in the next piace, there must be in every
case of claim and seizure an expensive contest.
Lawyers will be employed on both sides. The
expenses of the litigation must be defrayed, and
in nine cases out of ten they will equal, if not ex-
ceed, the value of the fugitive recovered. I do
not, therefore, consider the right of reclamation
asserted by the act of Congress as one of much
practical value. It is at best but a naked legal
right, which cannot in the nature of things be
easily enforced. The Senator from Kentucky
adverted to that sympathy which must always be
i felt for the fugitive. It is deeply planted in the
human breast. You cannot legislate it from the
heart. Well, add to this sympathy the conviction
very generally felt that this law is unconstitutional,
either from defect of power to enact it, or because
its provisions are in conflict with the guarantees of
liberty contained in the Constitution ; and add to
this conviction the sentiment of hostility to slavery
itself,' widely diffused and daily gaining ground,
i and it becomes very obvious that the law cannot
II be executed to any great practical extent. Who
I believes that any law can be executed effectually
