310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Dodge of Ioiva, Mr. Borland, fyc.
Senate.
and thoroughly in the midst of no indignant com-
munity, by whose conscience, by whose senti-
ments, by whose deepest convictions, it is con-
demned ? I think it is quite as well to tell the
plain truth, in plain language, as to create, by
smoother speech, expectations which can never
be realized.
And now, sir, what is the particular transaction
to which our attention is invoked by the Senator
from Kentucky ? What is this nodus Deo rindice
dignus? Why, sir, in Massachusetts, in the city
of Boston, it so happened the other day that an
individual claimed as a fugitive slave was arrested
and taken before a commissioner. In the progress
of the investigation a considerable number of per-
sons were present. The examination,unfinished,
was adjourned to a future day. The audience and
commissioners had left the room. In consequence
of that provision of the law of Massachusetts
which denies to the United States the use of the
State jails for the purpose of detaining fugitive
slaves, it became necessary to use the court-room
as a prison. No person remained in it except the
deputy marshal and five or six of his assistants,
and one or two other persons. Everybody had
gone away except fifteen or twenty colored people
who lingered about the door. These persons, it
seems, formed arid executed, upon the spot and at
the moment, the purpose of rescuing the prisoner.
They burst open the door, took the man out, and
set him at liberty. There was no organized mob
—no general concert of action—the whole affair
was confined to the few imnwdiate participants.
Well, sir, what is there strange or unusual in
a rescue by force from fcgal custody ? Such in-
fractions of law occur not unfrequently, and in
every State. Does it not seem ridiculous to ful-
minate proclamations and legislation against a
few negroes upon an occasion like this ? Surely
something more than this must be designed. The
proclamation and the contemplated le?islation
must be intended to operate upon the public senti-
ment of the country, to subjugate the people to
the execution of the law. There can be no prac-
tical legislation exccpt in two directions. We
may provide for the erection of jails; to which no
person could object, since Massachusetts has de-
nied, as she had an undoubted right to deny, the
use of her prisons for the confinement of persons
arrested under national laws. Were there not
existing provisions in the statute-book authorizing
marshals, in such circumstances, to hire tempora-
ry places of confinement? We may go further,
and authorize the President to call out the militia.
But I ask Senators to consider where that will
end. Call out the militia! March troops to Bos-
ton 1 What necessity is there for that ? Does not
every man see that the remedy is not at all adapt-
ed to the evil ? You cannot prevent the occurrence
of such cases as that at Boston by all the military
force in the world. Occasional rescues will occur,
and once rescued you cannot recapture fugitives
by military force, unless you are prepared to send
your troops after them to Canada. You cannot
suppress the spirit of the people, unless you are
prepared to establish, and the people are ready to
receive, a military despotism. Governor Gage
tried the experiment of a proclamation upon the
people of Boston some seventy-five years ago.
It resulted, not in the suppression of public senti-
ment, but in a revolution. The proclamation of
President Fillmore will not, indeed, lead to any
outbreak; but I feel quite sure that it can do no
good. Sir, the ordinary authorities and processes
are entirely adequate to every such case as that
which has occurred; and it will be useless, and
much worse than useless, in my judgment, to
clothe the President with any such extraordinary
powers as seem to be contemplated by the advo-
cates of this reference. I shall not, however, ob-
ject to the reference proposed. I shall say noth-
ing against it. Let the message be referred. Let
the committee act; and if Senators think fit to
waste any more time of the session upon this
matter, let us have their report and another de-
bate. I desire to see, and the country will desire
to see, how far it is proposed to go, not in the
e«fCl,t'°n by its ordinary processes and
officers, but in this strange attempt to suppress
discussion, to prevent agitation, to restore peace,
tranquillity, and harmony to the country, by the
employment of military force!
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I feel
i that it is due to myself, as one of those who sup-
ported the compromise measures of the last session
of Congress, considering the bitter terms in which
those measures have been animadverted upon by
the Senators from Tennessee, Arkansas, and Ohio,
that I should respond to some of the remarks
which have been made in this debate.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator mistakes me
very much if he supposes I animadverted with
bitterness on those who voted for the compromise.
I stated that 1 would have voted for the fugitive
slave bill myself if I had been here, in view of the
promises which it held out, but which, neverthe-
less, 1 had very little hope of seeing fulfilled. I
think I did full justice by according entire honesty
to the motives of every one. I questioned neither
the motives nor the actions of any Senator. I
stated that, while I did not approve, I acquiesced
in the measures called compromise after they be-
, came laws, indulging the hope that they might
: produce the good results which were predicted by
those who supported them, though, I repeat, the
hope was a feeble one. The Senator greatly mis-
takes me, then, when characterizing my remarks
as bitter denunciation.
' Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I did not understand
the Senator as censuring or impugning the motives
of any one, but as animadverting upon the meas-
ures generally as unjust to his section of the Union.
On the other side they are attacked no less vigor-
ously by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase.]
He says he thinks they will fail, and that they
have signally failed to produce the result which
was intended by those who voted for them. In
J that he perfectly coincides with the Senator from
11 Arkansas [Mr. Borland] and the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Turney.] I do not know that
those measures are destined to effect the good re-
sults which those who voted for them intended;
i, but I think they have done good, are doing good,
11 and should be religiously lived up to and carried
|! out in good faith. I believe there is a greatly im-
proved state of feeling in the country, and that
' the great body of the people are for adhering to
j the compromises, both of the Constitution and of
<> the last session. I am one of those who believe
j, that the President of the United States, in his ef-
forts to enforce the law, has done and is now doing
his duty to the country.
| I believe that there is a settled and deliberate
! purpose on the part of a few to subvert and render
inoperative this law, or any law for the rendition
of fugitives from service. I think there is danger
! in permitting any law, and especially one which
' is but a reenactment of the Constitution itself, to
; be trampled under foot; and I am therefore in
i favor of steps being taken such as will at the
j threshold stop all resistance to the law.
Look at the position of the President of the
Uniled States, and yon see that it is the same as
that of the compromise measures. He is assailed
on the one side by southern men who consider
that he is an enemy to the rights of their particular
i section of the country, and that those rights have
been totally disregarded, totally overlooked, and
upon the other side by those of the free States
who consider that he is resorting to measures too
decided and strong to carry into effect laws too
partial, too beneficial to the South—which laws,
whether right or wrong, as the Executive of the
nation, it is his sworn duty to execute.
I take this occasion to declare that, humble as
my support and influence are, and hostile though
I am now, and ever expect to be, to the political
principles of which he is the representative, he
will have, in his efforts to enforce the law, my
vote and influence as long as I have a vote and a
voice here, if he continue in the fearless and patri-
otic course which he is pursuing.
I The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
thinks this proclamation of the President an ex-
tremely-ridiculous one. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Chase] deeply regrets that this small affair
in Boston should have been so greatly magnified.
I Boston was the very point at which, after the first
violation of the law there, I wished to see the
strength of the law and the power of the Govern-
ment tested. I believe it is the point at which
there is, perhaps, more treason and sedition
preached and published against the Constitution
u and laws of the land than any other in the United
! States. It is the great abolition head-quarters—-
the theatre upon which agitators, whether natives
or foreigners, carry on their operations against
(he domestic peace and quiet of the country. For
these reasons, Boston is the place, above all others,
where I want to see the power of the Government
tried. I rejoice that the President has acted as he
has to meet the crisis.
We all know, Mr. President, that it was an-
nounced that the Free-Soilers had had a meeting
at the commencement of this session of Congress,
and had resolved that it was not their policy to
agitate in Congress for the present, but among the
people at home. My own opinion is, that their
efforts, and those of their allies, are now every-
where directed to one point—the nullification of
the law ami the Constitution respecting fugitives
from labor. If agitation is to be endless; if clubs
are to be formed East, North, South, and West,
to nullify the laws and set at defiance the officers
of the Government—if these things are to be done,
I wish to hear them discussed here, everywhere,
that the issue may be fairly made up, and the
people of the United States look it, with all its dire-
ful consequences, boldly in the face.
I trust, Mr. President, that I have as much phi-
lanthropic feeling as ordinarily fails to the lot of
man. I trust I am the enemy of no man, of n-®
race of men, because of his or their color or com-
plexion. I trust I have as few unjust prejudices
as ordinarily fall to the lot of poor human nature.
But here now, upon my responsibility as an Amer-
ican Senator, and as a representative of one of
! the youngest States, I say that, in every contest
' in which the supremacy and well-being of the two
| races which inhabit the southern States of this
; Republic are involved, I am not " I'ami dts
JV'oirs." 1 am not the friend of the blacks, as
against my own race, against my own country-
men.
Sir, the southern States and people have a right
i to the enjoyment of their property, and to the se-
curity and protection guarantied to it and to them
under the Federal Constitution; and neither m.y
State nor its Representatives seek to interfere with
either. In view of the stand which Iowa has taken
on this question, and, still more, of the manner in
which her people have discharged their Federal
obligations, I could not but feel, with all respect to
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] indig-
nant at the manner in which he denounced the
whole of the free States, my own included. The
Senator from Virginia says the law in question
has not been executed with alacrity and zeal. So
far as we are concerned, even before its enactment,
and in every case in which there has been an at-
tempt to harbor or conceal fugitive slaves, our own
juries have rendered, in our own courts, verdicts
against the parties offending; and in a recent in-
stance $2,900 damages were awarded by an Iowa
jury to a citizen of Missouri for the loss of his
slaves. That fact stands out in bold relief. So
far as my State is concerned, then, how can the
Senator charge the people of that State with not
executing the law?
Air. MASON. I am sure that I did not em-
brace the State which my friend from Iowa repre-
; sents with so much dignity and honor upon this
floor, in express tsrms, in the allusion which I
■ > made to the free States. I certainly did not mean
to include that State in my remarks in reference
to public opinion in the free States generally. He
has characterized that State properly. There is a
sound state of public opinion there, and 1 trust it
may long pertain to that State.
; Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I understood the Sen-
ator's remarks to be general, and heard no excep-
tion made in favor of any State. I therefore con-
sidered it due to the State which I in part represent
i to defend her against any charge of want of loyal-
ty to the Constitution. I believe the President of
the United States is entitled to credit for things
! other than his proclamation, and I freely award it
to him. with all respect to the Senator concerned,
[Mr. Sf.ward,] v.-hose kind and courteous manner
has ever been such as to entitle him to my good
feeling. I think the President of the United States,
and those who act more immediately with him,
have spiked the artillery of that Senator. He has
not been heard this session shouting forth the
thunders of abolitionism, and attacking the Con-
stitution of the United States. If at any time the
