313
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 29,
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Messrs. Douglas, Chase, Butler, and Cass.
Senate.
the subject; and, inasmuch as it then devolved
upon Congress to carry into effect this power, and
as those laws must be carried into effect, if at all,
by the power and officers of the General Govern-
ment, it would be, in my judgment, impracticable
to execute them so as to give them full effect. I
did not intimate, and never intimated, that there
would be any organized opposition, publicly sanc-
tioned, to the law; but, in the midst of a reluctant
community, every man knows you cannot prac-
tically execute a Federal law, such a law as this
is, unaided by the officers of the General Govern-
ment. And, therefore, because that decision de-
volved upon Congress the duty of legislation which
it denied to the States, it did, in my judgment,
practically expunge the clause from the Constitu-
tion. I respect the Judges of the Supreme Court
as highly as any man. I believe that they decided
the case as they believed the Constitution required.
I think, however, and I know that very many in-
telligent citizens of the slave States concur in the
opinion that the decision was, in its practical effect
upon the right of reclamation, an extremely unfor-
tunate one for parties interested in that right.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell the Senator from
Ohio what I meant by the declaration which I
made. I meant that if his opinion could prevail
that the Congress of the United States had no
power to legislate upon this subject, and if this
Government had no power to enforce its laws,
and that each State was left to act for itself—I
understood him to intimate that the law would be
practically a dead letter, and that that intimation
implied that every officer and citizen in each of the
free States of this Union would be recreant to his
obligations under the Constitution and under his
oath.
Mr. CHASE. I am not responsible for the
understanding of the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not hold the Senator
responsible for my understanding. But now I
will analyze liis understanding as he has pro-
claimed it to the Senate to-day. He says that de-
cision practically nullifies the provision in the
Constitution of the United States. How does it
practically nullify it ? That decision declares that
it is the duty of the Congress of the United States
to pass laws for the carrying into effect that pro-
vision of the Constitution. If the Senator had
obeyed that decision, and had obeyed the Consti-
tution of the United States according to it, he
would have been here the advocate of the fugitive
Ia.w instead of its enemy, for that would have been
his duty under the decision to which he refers.
But that decision goes further. It says that the
Constitution is imperative, conferring the right to
reclaim the slave; that the master has a right to
go and reclaim him, and that no citizen has a
right to obstruct him. Then how could that de-
cision make that clause of the Constitution a dead
letter? How could it expunge that clause from
the Constitution, unless the Senator means to in-
timate that there are men in this country who are
prepared to disregard the Constitution—who are
prepared to disregard the laws of the land. That
decision says that Congress must pass a law to
carry the clause of the Constitution into effect. It
says that every citizen is bound to aid in its en-
forcement. If the Senator, and those who act
with him, would obey that decision, the fugitives
from labor would certainly be sent back according
to the Constitution. When the Senator says they
will not, he casts an imputation upon the people
of the free States ofthis Union that they disregard
the Constitution, disregard their oath to support
it, disregard the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that they will take the law
into their own hands, and raise the standard of re-
bellion against the Federal Government. That is
what I understand to be the direct and legitimate
consequences of the argument which he has made,
and it was against that I intended to make my pro-
test. I believe it to be a calumny upon the free
States of this Union to say that their sons are not
prepared to perform every obligation under the
Constitution. I do not believe that the free States
of this Union ever sent, or ever will send, four
Senators to this Chamber who claim that there is
a " law higher" than the Constitution which au-
thorizes them to commit perfidy to their God and
treason to their country, by disobeying the Con-
stitution which they have sworn to support.
These, Mr. President, are my opinions upen
this subject. I am afraid 1 will be led to protract
my remarks beyond what I intended; but I must
follow the Senator a few steps further. He can
see no necessity for the proclamation of the Presi-
dent. I will not argue that point. He looks upon
the matter of the rescue of a fugitive at Boston as
an ordinary and a trivial transaction. I do not;
and the reason I do not regard it in that light is
this: It is well known that there has been a sys-
tematic organization throughout many of the free
States of this Union to evade the obligations of the
Constitution of the United States, and to prevent
the enforcement of the laws of the United States
in relation to fugitive slaves. This organization
has been general throughout most of the States,
although it does not embrace one in a hundred of
the citizens of those States. But it has men of
talent, men of genius, men of energy and of daring
and of desperate purpose at its head; and the op-
position to this fugitive law has been a combined
and concerted action. It is in the nature of a con-
spiracy against the Government. It is a conspiracy
to violate the supreme law of the land, to the intent
that it shall not be obeyed. I say, therefore, that
these conspirators, be they in Boston, in New
York, in Pennsylvania, in Illinois, or be they
where they may, are responsible for all that any
of their number may do in resistance to this law.
The doctrine of confederates applies to them.
Where there is a secret conspiracy to perform an
illegal act, the whole body of conspirators is re-
sponsible for each act performed by an individual
conspirator. Sir,-1 hold white men now within
the range of my sight responsible for the violation
of the law at Boston. It was done under their
advice, under their teaching, under their sanction,
under the influence of their speeches. I do not
mean that they advised it in this particular instance;
but I say that any negro who came in possession
of speeches made in our presence during the last
session would have felt himself authorized and
justified, by the express direction of men high in
authority, to go and set the Constitution and the
laws at defiance. These negroes have only done
what their white confederates have prompted them
to do. The negro has been put forward as the
active instrument, while the instigators had not the
moral courage to show themselves in the front
rank. When these trials shall come on, when the
majesty of the law shall be asserted, when the
[• judgment of the court shall be pronounced, I trust
'l it will fall upon the conspirators themselves; upon
I the leading distinguished white men who put them
: up to it, instead of upon the ignorant, simple-
minded, and abused tools and instruments that
they use to carry out their designs. It is a pity
1 that the negroes should suffer for the offences of
| others who should be punished for their acts.
] The negroes in the free States have been armed
by the Abolitionists during the last six months.
Go where you will, and you can scarcely find a
free negro that is not armed with pistols and bowie
i knives. These arms have been furnished by white
men for the express purpose of violating the fu-
gitive law. They have been told to commit mur-
der, if murder were necessary, in resistance to the
law. Sir, I have stood in a meeting of two thou-
sand men, and have heard speaker after speaker
tell them to strike and kill the first man who at-
tempted to execute this fugitive law. I have wit-
nessed this phrensy. I have heard this advice
proclaimed in a public meeting. I have seen the
I weapons that have been prepared by white aboli-
! tiomsts to enable the negroes to resist this law. I
say that when the penalty for this offence shall be
I inflicted, I trust it will fall upon the white aboli-
! tionists, and not upon the negroes, who have been
stimulated to these excesses, which they never
I would have thought of but for the encouragement
of white conspirators and instigators.
Mr. BUTLER. I suppose there is a little haz-
ard in attempting to group States as I did the north-
western States. I still persist in what I said of
Illinois. Under her former constitution, or rather
under the promises of her former constitution, I
know, for I had occasion to examine this subject
very fully once, a great many free people of color
i did go to Illinois. They went there under the i
promises which her former constitution held out to
i them, which could not be fulfilled. I said that,as
a matter of policy—and I did not arraign the pol-
icy—Illinois had a right to take what measure she
pleased to exclude further ingress of a population
of the kind. And I did say that whenever the
time arrived that she would expel a population of
that kind from her borders, her present constitu-
tion would operate harshly. That was my prop-
osition. I made the same remark in regard to In-
diana. I did not, however, impute to the people of
Indiana or the people of Illinois, any disposition
to encourage the escape of fugitive slaves. When
my remarks come to be inspected, no such thing
will be found in them. I, however, rather impu-
ted a somewhat different disposition to the people
of Ohio. Now, I predict—and I predicted it be-
fore, and it is a prediction that is founded upon
the siirns of the times—it will not be very long be-
fore Ohio will not only prohibit the immigration of
free people of color into her borders, but I think,
from the present symptoms, I may venture to say
that it will not be very long before she will be pre-
pared to expel them.
In connection with this, allow me to make an-
other remark. All these border States, Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, will be the first
to perceive the dangers of having a population of
this kind among their white people; of having their
children growing up with mulattoes and blacks,
neither elevating the other, but calculated to de-
grade and corrupt each other. I think they will
be the very first to be offended at the status of such
a people, and I think now I would trust Pennsyl-
vania much more than the distant States. It is
the more distant States that have a theoretical phi-
lanthropy upon this subject which is doing the
wrong and committing the danger. I do say,
upon an examination of this subject, and perhaps
I ought to give its history, if it would not take up
too much time, that it originated in the resolutions
of Kentucky. The Legislature of Kentucky sent
resolutions here, and they were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I drew up the first
report on this subject, in which I analyzed, or at
least set forth the laws of all the States of the
Union upon this subject, and, as far as I recollect,
I at that time exempted Illinois, particularly, be-
cause I thought she deserved it. But at the same
, time I could not but see that negroes escaped
through her territory, and went off to the other
States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was in violation of our
laws.
Mr. BUTLER. It was a common thing, then,
i As soon as they landed in Illinois, they were re-
garded as free by many persons who would be
very willing to countenance the escape of fugitive
slaves, and who would not be reconciled to their
being citizens, and who would not be willing to
make them citizens. I do not believe that Indi-
ana, Illinois, or Ohio will ever make them citizens.
Yet they will deceive our slaves, who are ignorant,
' and make them believe that they will become citi-
zens, free and equal with themselves, and thus
sow the seeds of dissatisfaction among them, while
no good will result from it.
| Mr. CASS- Mr. President, extraordinary dis-
closures have been made during this discussion,
and I must say that I have never seen more un-
looked-for coincidences of opinion than the Senate
i have witnessed this day. Gentlemen of extreme
| opinions, antipodes to one another upon every
other question connected with the exciting subject
which has so much divided the country, unite very
cordially in condemning agitation at this moment,
and in saying that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky is the cause of it. Why, sir, a great
| breach of the peace has been committed. The
honorabl-e Senator from Kentucky very properly
calls for the evidence in the possession of the Ex-
' ecutive on the subject, with a view to ascertain the
true state of things, and what further legislation
may be necessary. That is called the renewed
agitation of this question, as though the old issues
were brought up,from the Wilmot proviso down-
wards, to be rediscussed and reagitated; and as
though that were the actual motive of the Senator
from Kentucky, when his real motive is to carry
out faithfully and truly the compromises of the
last session of Congress, and to put a stop to agita-
tion and excitement in the country, by calling for
the faithful execution of the laws.
This coincidence does not stop here; it goes still
further. It is pronounced ex cathedra, by gentle-
