1851.]
APPENDIX TO THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slav4 Law—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
men from the East and from th« South, that the
law cannot be executed. Both speak with the
same certainty. The wish is sometimes father to
the thought. It is not so here, I know, though I
am not certain it is not so elsewhere. All these
Cassandra predictions were made last year, and if
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,} were in his place, I would remind him of
a prediction which he made at the last session
about as many times as it contained days. He
said that members of the Senate who voted for
this compromise would be broken down forever;
and if he were here I would ask him to tell me a
single man who voted for that compromise in this
body, who has been visited by one mark of rep-
robation foreshadowing his political destruction.
On the contrary, it could be easily shown, were it
necessary, that their course has been approved,
and not condemned. He talked of the Missouri
compromise, and went into its history to prove to
the honorable Senator from Kentucky—who knew
all about it, and showed the historical mistakes of
the honorable Senator—that every man who voted
for that measure of wisdom and safety was broken
down, and so would all be who fdllowed in that
path. I did not believe in his vaticinations at the
time, and said so, and I have just as little faith
now in his powers as a soothsayer as 1 had then. I
believe the law can be executed, and that it will
be executed. I do not believe that in this Droad
land any community will be found to set them-
selves up in permanent opposition to a law so long
as that community remains within thf Confed- ,
eracv.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] said, if I understood him, that the j
proclamation was ridiculous. Without stopping j
to criticise the use of that epithet, as a question of j
taste or propriety, when applied to an official act of '
the Chief Magistrate, I will say that I consider it '
a wise and necessary measure; and I believe the :
President has placed himself high in the opinion
of his countrymen by having issued it. Why is
it ridiculous? Because, says the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Tuiujet,] who coincides with
the Senator from New Hampshire, it was not is-
sued before there was a breach of the law! Why,
whoever heard of such an objection? It was not
issued before there was a breach of the law, and
when there was a breach of the law it was too
late to issue it; for thus runs the argument. Now,
no man expects a proclamation before the law is
violated. It is no part of the duty of the Execu-
tive voluntarily ixr anticipate acts of violence. He
is to presume that the judicial officers of the law,
whose duty it is to expound and administerit, and
the local executive officer, whose duty it is to carry
their decrees into effect, will be competent to dis-
charge their respective duties till opposition is
shown calling for extraordinary interposition, and
not render his functions obnoxious by seeking
occasion gratuitously to issue proclamations be-
fore any act occurs to justify his course. But
when a flagrant case like this occurs, it is his right
and duty, and he has well discharged both, to
issue a solemn warning, announcing his determi-
nation to enforce the law and the Constitution.
That proclamation is far more important for the
future than for the past; and it is obvious to every
one that there are pregnant signs in certain por-
tions of the country, which, taken in connection
with recent deeds of violence, may call for the
promptest and most efficient action on the part of
the Government.
I will read from a paper I received last night the
resolutions just passed in the midst of an excited
community m the heart of New England. I find ,
the following resolutions were passed at an assem- I
Mage in Springfield, Massachusetts:
'• RttoUed, That we rejoice with our whole heart# at the
recent rescue of a man claimed as a slave in Boston, as an
aet jut and merciful towards man, aad well-pleasing in
tee sight of God. i
" Roolvcd, That we hope that this act will grow into a
perpetual precedent, and that, law or no law, Constitution i (
or no Constitution, Union or no Union, the hospitality of i
Massachusetts will never be violated by the delfverance of
any fagiiive from oppression to his tyrant again."
So much for English lectures and American loy-
alty. Thompson has sown some seed at least in
fertile ground. I will now read from a paper which
I received some time since and deposited in my
drawer, not knowing what circumstances might
require its production. It is an official pronuneis-
miento of " Official action of the town of Wey-
mouth," and thus records its action:
" At a legal meeting of the inhabitants of the town of
Weymouth, November 19, 1850, on motion of Elias Rich-
ards, the following resolves were read and adopted."
Here is one of them:
" Retolttd, That all slaves owe it as a sacred duty to
themselves, their posterity, and their God, to escape from
slavery b,v running away, or by such other means as in their
opinion are right and beat adapted to secure to themselves
and their children their inherent and inalienable* right to lib-
erty and the pursuit of happiness."
Now, sir, no man can mistake what is meant by
the" smcTtddvtyofallslavestoescapebyrunmngtnoay,
or by such other means as in their opinion are right
and best adapted " to the end, and a more atrocious
sentiment never disgraced an assembly in our
country, and scarcely in any other. Why, sir, it
is a direct invitation to murder, to pillage, to rob-
bery, to conflagration, and to any other crimes,
and was so intended. Those who adopted it had
not the boldness to use direct language to convey
their purpose, and yet they used such as leaves no
doubt of their intentions. In the palmiest days of
blood, under Danton and Robespierre, during the
French Revolution, no invitation to crime more
shocking to human nature marked the whole of
their terrible processes. They murdered by tens
and by hundreds; but this is a recommendation to
carry conflagration and death into the midst of a
peaceful and mighty community. Can any man
wonder at the excitement in the South, whenthey
see such efforts and such objects openly avowed—
aye, officially so—in a portion of our country
claiming to be a law-abiding and religious people?
Now, can any Senator rise here in his place and
say that a proclamation under these circumstances, i
called for and justified by so flagrant a breach of
the law, and in a community where such flagitious
declarations are made, showing every disposition
to repeat the violence, was not a proper and a wise
measure on the part of the President of the United
States? If he does, he regards the duty of the
Chief Magistrate in a different light from what I do.
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] dwelt on the idea yesterday, and repeated it
to-day, as a proof that this law has not been faith-
fully executed, that the owners of slaves, and their
agents sent from the slaveholding States, have been
sued and prevented by legal chicanery from the
execution of the trust confided to them. Whose
fault is that? It is not the fault of the fugitive slave
statute, but the fault, when there isany, of your sys-
tem of laws. You cannot suspend the habeas cor-
pus act, and you cannot always prevent the abuse
of it. How can you stop a man from instituting
a suit against me, although he has not the least
shadow of a just claim. You cannot presuppose
that such is the true state of the case, for the very
object of a-suit is to examine where the right is.
Does not every day's experience show that im-
pediment after impediment, almost without num-
ber, can be thrown in the way of justice? There
are always too many lawyers to "be found in all
parts of the country far different in their principles
and conduct from the Senator from Virginia, who
are willing to use all the process of the law to ob-
tain the object of their employers. Everybody
knows this. If the Senator has a tract of land in
Michigan, although his rights are as fully secured
to it by the Constitution as if it were in Virginia,
still his efforts to obtain possession may be de-
feated or delayed almost indefinitely, while at the
same time he may be put to ruinous costs. And
so of a citizen of Michigan who seeks to recover
his fugitive apprentice from Virginia. But it can-
not be said that the constitutional provisions are
therefore violated because it requires time and
money to enforce them in individual cases. A
great deal of this unjust operation is owing to our
system of laws—an opinion I have long held and
have often expressed—a system unworthy of the
age and unfit for the country. Its panegyrists
call it the perfection of human sense; for my part,
I believe a great deal of it is the perfection of hu-
man nonsense, originating in the darkest period of
the human intellect, and in a state of society, un-
der a form of government, and amid feudal times,
of all which it is the relic, and, instead of pro-
moting the great objects of free and equal and
speedy justice, it too often ends in ruinous injus-
tice.
Now, I appeal to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, if he received a personal injury in New
York, which, instead of being followed by redress,
is followed by a suit against him on the part of the
wrong-doer, whose fault is that ? Is it a violation
of the constitutional immunity secured to the citi-
zens of one State when visiting another? Cer-
tainly not; for it is just as likely to happen-to him
in his own State as out of it. And if an appren-
tice escapes, or a horse is stolen, or a debt is un-
paid, the same thing may happen. Redress, is at
most, sure to cost money and trouble, and even
then there is no certainty that it will be attained.
1 repeat that the abuse and delay of the law are
the faults of the system, and as all acts of Con-
gress, to carry into effect the provisions of the
Constitution, must be administered upon the gen-
eral system, they are, of course, subject to its de-
fects. The honorable Senator says the recapture
of a fugitive slave is expensive—more so, to most
men, than the real value. I do not doubt it; and
I wish that a practical remedy were found for it.
The Senator suggests none, and' until a great deal
of the chicanery of the law is removed, 1 am afraid
an effectual one will not be found. But the griev-
ance is not confined to these regions. It extends
to all, and if you will show me a community in
Christendom where justice can beobtained, through
the law, without cost and delay, you will show me
what has baffled the search of the most anxious
inquirers. But, though I am knocked down in
the streets of Richmond, and can expect no reme-
dy which will not be tedious and expensive, still
it is necessary for me to vindicate my rights, or I
may soon have none left to vindicate. It may be
necessary to recapture some fugitive slaves, at al-
most any cost, to assert the power of the law, and
to prevent escapes by showing that fugitives will
be retaken. I repeat that the expense and trouble
originate in circumstances independent of the act
of Congress.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase]
has gone into an exposition of the compact for the
recovery of fugitive slaves, with a view to show
that it is the agency of the several States and not
of the General Government, through which effect
should be given to this provision. I shall not en-
ter into this question at all. It is not necessary for
any purpose I have in view. Nor would the just
rights of the South be affected, solve it as we may.
If thfe obligation is one upon the General Govern-
ment, Congress should provide the necessary le-
gislation. If it is upon the individual States, each
of them should execute that duty. Massachusetts
would be no more absolved from this constitu-
tional duty in one case than in the other. How
would her attitude be any better, in a moral point
of view, by the transfer to her of an obligation
which the Senator admits she would not execute,
and indeed contends she could not ? What would
she gain by claiming a right under the Constitu-
tion to regulate this subject, while, at the same
time, she professes openly she would not do it ?
The evidence is upon her statute book to show not
only that she could not aid the enforcement of this
obligation, but that she is disposed to nullify, as
far as she can, the acts of the General Govern-
ment, and to deprive the southern States of a great
constitutional guarantee.
The honorable Senator from Ohio made a strange
allusion towards the close of his remarks. He
said that General Gage issued a proclamation in
Boston which led to one revolution, and ergo, I
suppose, the proclamation of Mr. FillHiore will
lead to another. Mr. President, if an American
Senator does not See the difference between the
power of a military commander of a foreign coun-
try, three thousand miles off, assuming the right
to bind the colonies in a11 cases whatsoever, and pro-
claiming designs utterly subversive of civil liberty,
and the Chief Magistrate of a free people, exercis-
ing authority under a Constitution and Govern-
ment instituted and maintained by all for the
good of all, it would be a hopeless task for me to
endeavor to explain it. If not felt, it is beyond
my reach.
If the people of the State of Massachusetts be-
lieve that the constitutional obligation fb restore
fugitive slaves creates one of those extreme cases
of injustice er oppression which ought to be
resisted by revolution, they must seek their own
remedy. But they cannot live out of the Union
