1851.}
APPENDIX TO THH CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave fjatv—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
proclamation, I think it is superior to any excep-
tions which have been offered to it. 1 do not,
therefore, concur with the Senator from Ohio [Air.
Chase] in regretting that the subject has been
•* thrust upon us at this time." I value as much
as any other man the little remnant of time which
remains to this Congress. 1 know there are im-
portant measures yet unacted upon; but I know
of no question equal in importance to that of the
ascertainment whether the laws of the country,
especially upon a subject like this, are capable of
being carried into faithful execution. Neither do
I concur in the constitutional opinion expressed
by that Senator. That opinion, as I understand
it, referring to a decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, and utterly disregarding its au-
thority, is that the provision of the Constitution
for the restoration of fugitive slaves is the result
of a compact between the people of the several
States, which neither imposes any obligation upon,
nor imparts any authority to, the Government of
the United States. Mr. President, what I have
first to say of that opinion is, that a question
which the Constitution remits to the judicial de-
termination of the Supreme Court of the United
States, has been settled in direct opposition to the
opinion expressed by the Senator from Ohio. I
have to say further, that while the judgment of
the court in the case, so often referred to, declares
that the Government of the United States is alone
authorized to carry into execution this provision
of the Constitution, and while it admits a diversi-
ty of opinion among the members composing that
tribunal as to the question whether State officers
were bound to be assistants in carrying the law
into execution, it states the unanimous opinion of
the judges that it was competent to these State offi-
cers voluntarily to afford that assistance if their pa- !!
triotism should prompt them to redeem in good faith ;
the pledge of their fathers. But, sir, the proposition :
of the Senator from Ohio, that because this is all
compact between the several States composing this 1
Union, it therefore imparts no authority to the ]
General Government to enforce the execution of
this law, is in my judgment so monstrous that he
cannot himself, upon reflection, continue to urge
it. What is the bond which unites us? "What is
that Constitution of which this forms a part, but a
compact between the people of the several States
of this Union, in virtue of which the Federal Gov-
ernment was ordained and established ? And if
because it is such a compact, it imparts no author-
ity to the General Government to execute the laws
in relation to this particular provision, I inquire ;
from what source does the General Government
derive any one power or authority which it exer-
cises under the Constitution? All and each of
these acts are the result of a compact between the '
people of the several States, in the ordination and
establishment of the Government, which the offi- ;
cers of that Government were appointed to carry
into execution; and whatever may be said of the
powers and authorities of the General Govern-
ment under the Constitution, may be affirmed of
their power undet this particular provision of that
instrument.
With respect to the question of the execution
or non-execution of the law, by one class of Sen-
ators it has been contended, that with the excep- ,
tion of the recent case in Boston, this law has
been faithfully executed wherever a case has oc-
curred; while by others it is denied that it has
been in any instance executed with the good faith
which belongs to a provision of this kind; that is
to say, that although the law has been literally
carried into effect, it has been under delays, in-
cumbrances, and at an expense to the claimants,
which have deprived them of the benefits which ,
this law intended to accord to them. In my hum-
ble judgment, in this as in many other cases truth
lies between these extremes. I believe that, with !
the exception of the cases occurring in Boston,
the law has been carried into effect in the several
cases which have attracted my attention; but I
believe, also, that in its execution the claimants
have been subjected to delays and expenses not
contemplated by the framers of the law, and which
would not carry out in its just spirit the provision
of the Constitution. I do not acquiesce in the
argument of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Dickinson] and the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cam] on this subject. That argument is, that h
delays and expenses are inevjtably incident to
judicial proceedings. I agree that this is so. It
is the price which the suitor must pay. And if
the delay and expenses incident to ordinary ju-
dicial proceedings had alone occurred in these
cases, the argument would have afforded a perfect
answer. But in ordinary cases of judicial in-
vestigation the suitor is left to contend with his
particular adversary. He is subject to such ex-
penses as that adversary may give rise to, and to
such delays as he can create. In these cases,
however, whenever a claimant presents himself
for the recovery of a fugitive slave under the pro-
visions of the law, with whom has he to contend ?
With organized bodies of people, meeting him by
their agents at every point where such claim is
made. This, sir, is a state of things which does
not belong to the ordinary administration.of jus-
tice—which is inconsistent with the spirit and in-
tention of that law—which was designed to afford
a prompt and summary remedy to claimants, and
which, therefore, qualifies the declaration which I
am disposed to make, that the law, with the ex-
ception of the cases in Boston, has been carried
into effectual execution.
But what then ? If this law has hitherto been
subjected to these embarrassments and obstruc-
tions in its execution, shall we therefore pronounce
it incapable of practical enforcement? I think not.
If the Senate will consider that this is a law which
has been in existence for some four or five months;
that it was passed at the termination of an exci-
ting session of Congress, and presented to the
American people then laboring under a high degree
of excitement upon this and correlative subjects,
it seems to me that it is premature at this moment
to form any decisive opinion adverse to the capa-
city of this law for practical enforcement. We
want time to ascertain that fact. We have the
manifestation of a disposition on the part of the
Chief Executive Magistrate to give to it the force
which its framers designed. We have before us
a proposition to impart to that magistrate powers
which will enable him to give additional facilities
to the execution and enforcement of the law. For
one, I am content to wait the experiment, and to
ascertain whether, .with the aid of such additional
powers as may be given to the President, this law
is not susceptible of that practical enforcement
which will carry out the provision of the Consti-
tution in its spirit and intent. But in the mean
time I would say to Senators, it behooves us to
consider whether there are not obstructions which
the discussions of this body, and a calm appeal to
the conservative feelings of the people of the free
States, may have a tendency to remove. And
upon this subject I desire again to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the report which prefaces the
resolutions of the convention of the State of Geor-
gia:
"The framers of the Constitution declared, in limine, the 1
purposes to be accomplished in tile following terms: ' We, 1
(the people of the United States^ in order to form a more .
1 perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquil- j
' lity, provide for the common defence, promote the general |
' welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and ;
' our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for !
' the United States of America.' The people of each State,
becoming a party to that instrument, are entitled to all the ;
benefits therein distinctly enumerated, and are under the ;
most solemn obligation to abstain from all practices incon-
sistent with their enjoyment by the other parties. Itisnom- |
inated in the .bond that the people of no one State shall
disturb the domestic tranquillity of any other. Georgia lays i
open the volume of lier history, and proudly challenges j
her confederates to the adduction of a single incident viola-
tive of this obligation. She does more. In all kindness,
compatible with the assertion of right, she charges upon the
non-siaveholding States infidelity to this stipulation in the
compact. She instances the existence within their borders j
of organized societies, avowedly devoted to the annihilation j
of an institution inwrought with the frame-work of her so-
cial system, and in no way modifying or affecting their own;
societies employing missionaries and subsidizing the press
to propagate their destiuctive doctrines, and even to excite,
within her own limits, a spirit of disaffection among her
citizens and of insubordination among her slaves; societies
which have boldly entered the political arena, seized upon
the balance of power, and obtruded th<?ir fanaticism into 1
the halls of our Federal Legislature. There measures of
hostility are incessantly proposed and discussed, to the in- ,
terruption of the legitimate business of legislation ; denun-
ciations day by day uttered against slavery and slaveholders, !
against confederates and their institutions. In this state *f
things the remedy to be applied by those States is apparent.
It was foreshadowed in tlie able and patriotic message pro- 1
eeeding from the executive to the legislative department of ;
the State of New York, in the year 1836. It is by the active
interposition of a conservative public opinion, and if that
be iniuflicieut, then by legislative enactment. If the onward 1
movement of this insane crusade is ever to be stayed, it is
time that measures of resistance be put in progress there."
Mr. President, while I avow my willingness to
wait the operation of this law until the experiment
shall have been fairly made; while I express my
readiness to arm the President with any additional
power which may enable him more effectually to
enforce it, as one of the representatives of the peo-
ple of Georgia, desiring to give effect to the opin-
ions of that people, expressed in convention legit-
imately assembled—a convention,let me say, rep-
resenting the conservatism of that State, composed
of men as anxious and devoted to the preservation
of the Union as can be found within her broad
and extended limits—I am bound to say that the
obstruction to the execution of this law is to be
traced to a feeling of deep-rooted hostility to the
institution of domestic slavery which exists in the
free States of this Union. 1 limit this observa-
tion. There are free States in the Union, and
there are Senators in this Chamber, who, by their
fidelity to the compromises of the Constitution in
this particular, are entitled to respect and admira-
tion, and for one it is by me freely and cheerfully
accorded to them. I limit this observation, then,
to those free States in which societies exist who
are engaged in agitating the question of slavery,
which nas no existence in their own limits, and
whose sole purpose is to destroy the repose and
harmony of their sister States. I limit the obser-
vation to those States in which those societies
exist; and my proposition upon this subject is,
that there is a feeling existing in those States
which is hostile to the enforcement of this law,
and which will continue to interpose obstructions
to its enforcement, the consequences of which no
man may foresee. I have said that I am willing
to wait the action of the General Government to
ascertain whether by its agency these obstructions
can be removed. But of the existence of that feel-
ing there can be no doubt. If you turn your atten-
tion to the particular case which has brought the
subject before us, I ask, does any man doubt that
this outrage was instigated by white men? Does
any man believe that a handful of free negroes
would have conceived a plan to execute this res-
cue, in open daylight, unaided and uncounselled
by white men? Why, sir, all the evidence ill the
case contradicts such a supposition. It shows
that white men were seen in the mob; that white
men stood at the door crying to these infuriate
people, "Come on! come on!" The evidence is
that several white persons have been subsequently
arrested and bound over for trial for their partici-
pancy in this matter.
But, apart from this evidence, if you look to the
proceedings of these societies, of which the State
of Massachusetts seems to be the headquarters, if
you look at their published proceedings and at
their press; if you look to the declarations issued
from their conventicles and from their pulpits—for
these are read by these ignorantpeople, easilyliable
to be imposed upon—you will see, in the absence of
any evidence to connect white men with this par-
ticular transaction, the source and origin of these
obstructions. It is to be found in the deep-rooted
feeling of hostility to our domestic institutions,
which exists in those States; anil though I am not
disposed to impute to the people of Boston, or of
Massachusetts as a body, that disposition to resist
this law which is manifested by a portion of their
people; and although I hear it repeatedly said that
that portion of this people is too insignificant to
be enabled to produce ultimately any effect, that
they will be put down by the conservatism of the
majority, yet I have to say that in two instances
of recent occurrence they have been found in suffi-
cient numbers in Boston to evade or obstruct the
execution of the law. And although I will not
include the people of Boston or of Massachusetts
in the declaration of a disposition to resist by
force or evade the execution of this law, yet tha
evidence is patent on their own public records, and
abundantly patent in this transaction, to show that
they are in communion with those who do resist
its enforcement in their hostility to the law itself.
That such is their feeling, although they may not
be disposed to manifest it by forcible resistance, is
abundantly evident. Why, what is the act referred
to by the Senator from Virginia the other day, for-
bidding the use of their jails, and inhibiting their
officers from giving any assistance to the enforce-
