816
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
.3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave. Law—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
ment of the law? Why should Massachusetts I
refuse her jails to persons arrested under Federal
authority? Why should she confine that refusal
to persons arrested under this particular law,
leaving her jails open to others, arrested under
Federal authority? I shall be told, perhaps, that
that was a law passed under different auspices and
at a remote period. But that law remains upon
the statute-book of Massachusetts. Surely, it must
be considered as expressing the feeling of the peo-
ple of Massachusetts on this subject, or it would
not be suffered to remain. If this is not so, as the
Legislature of that State is in session, why is it
not repealed ? What, then, if these men, these
members of abolition societies, their agents and
emissaries, and these poor deluded colored people
•whom they are leading astray, if they see that law
remaining upon the statute-book of Massachu-
setts, which forbids the use of the jails, and the
assistance of the officers of that State to carry into
execution a law similar in its provisions to the act
of 1850, what can they infer but that the people of
Massachusetts, as their feeling has been expressed
by the Legislature, is in unison with their own ?
But the evidence of that feeling does not stop here.
The Senate will recollect the incidents connected
with the case of the Crafts. They will recollect
that a responsible agent, sent from the State of ;
Georgia, for the purpose of reclaiming these fugi- j
tives, was met by e\ery possible evasion which a
miserable pettifogging ingenuity could devise; that
actions sounding in damages, instituted in the
name of these fugitive slaves, were brought against
the person sent to apprehend them; and that he
was held to bail in enormous amounts; that but
for the precaution which he had used of taking j
letters from a respectable mercantile house in Sa- i
vannah, well known in Boston, the pursuers of '
these fugitive slaves would have been themselves in- !
carcerated in the prisons of Massachusetts, though
not open to the confinement of a fugitive slave; ,
they would have been imprisoned in the jails of j
Massachusetts, from inability to give security to
the enormous amount required.
But, with a view to show what the evidence
proves as to the feeling of that community, I in-
quire, whether, under the law of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, in an action sounding in damages, it is
in the power of the plaintiff to fix the amount of
bail which he will require? or whether, following
the provisions of the law of England which exist
in most of the States of the Union, the amount of
bail is not required to be fixed by a judge's order?
If this be so, and if the amount of bail of ten,
twenty, thirty thousand or more dollars, which
was required in that case, was fixed by an order
of a judge in the State of Massachusetts, I ask
you what is the evidence which you will require
beyond this of the feeling of the people of the com-
munity in which he dwells and administers his
office, when he can reconcile it to his conscience,
in acase like this, to demand the enormous amount '
of bail which was required? There is, then, in regard ;
to the feeling of thepeopleof that State, the action of 1
her Legislature and of her judiciary; and ifto these i
you add the evidence which is afforded by the re- '
cent occurrences in the city of Boston, and the ,
resolutions which were read by the Senator from '
Michigan yesterday, declaring that law or no law,
constitution or no constitution, this law should
not be executed, I think the Senate will agree with
me that there is a feeling of hostility to the execu-
tion of this law (however the major portion of the :
population may repress the exercise of any hostil- j
lty or forcible resistance in its execution) which is
in itself the source and origin of this forcible re- 1
sistante by others, which they thus instigate and ;
excite.
I do not mean to say that the majority of the
people of Massachusetts, or of the city of Boston,
would be willing forcibly to resist this law, but I
do say that their avowed action in relation to it—
the hostility which in divers ways they have man-
ifested to its provisions, does instigate and excite
the minor portion of the people to the forcible or
evasive resistance which has been made to the ex-
cution of the law. Now, if this feeling is demon-
strated to exist in that State and in others where
these abolition societies are found, it is a feeling
which every man sincerely desirous of preserving
the peace and harmony of the Union, will agree
with ms in saying must be put down, or these ob- i
structions to the law will continue; or if they are
overcome, it must be by military or other force of
this Government. I think these conclusions are
inevitable.
The people of the State of Georgia, looking to
this state of things, invite their fellow-citizens in
those free States in which these peculiar opinions
exist, to the consideration of the duty which rests
upon them by their own separate legislation to stay
these agitations, which it may be beyond the power
of the Federal Government to repress, and which,
if they are persevered in, and if it has the power,
it can repress only by the use of an overwhelming
force. In the spirit of as ardent a desire for the
preservation of the peace and harmony of this
Union as exists in the breast of any living man,
I invoke the attention of the Senate and of our
fellow-citizens of the free States to the duty which
devolves upon them under a state of things the
existence of which has thus been demonstrated.
These abolition societies exist where slavery does
not exist. They are protected by the laws of the
States within which they exist, and they have no
object within the limits of those States upon which
they can operate. Their origin, their purpose,
their continued existence, therefore, is not devoted
to the accomplishment of any object within the
limits of the State by whose laws they are pro-
lected, but to the disturbance of the peace and
harmony of their sister States of the Union. I say
it is the bounden duty of those States, in the spirit
of that fraternal relation which exists between
confederate States, to do what they can do peace-
ably and efficiently, and what the Federal Govern-
ment may not be able to accomplish without the
use of force. I say it is the duty of those States,
by their own legislation, to repress these agitations,
having no legitimate object within the limits of
those S'ates, and which are only calculated to de-
stroy the peace of the Confederacy.
Mr. President, I may be told that freedom of
speech and of the press is guarantied by the Con-
stitution. Be it so. But there are other rights
also which are guarantied by that instrument. One
principle of law, of justice, and of common sense,
is, that however absolute the right which any man
possesses, he may not so use it as to inflict injury
upon others. Sic uteretuo, tit non alienum Icedere,
is a maxi "n of law, but it is also a maxim of com-
mon sense and of justice. If the people thus
associated and claiming this right of freedom of
speech and of the press, exercise it for no legiti-
mate purpose within their own limits, for the enjoy-
ment of no right which they possess, but salely
for the purpose of disturbing the peace and viola-
ting the rights of others, residing in States in
which slavery exists, they violate that principle,
and are no longer within the pale of the protection
of the Constitution.
The Senate will bear with me in a very brief
view of this subject. They will not, I trust, con-
sider that time as misspent which is employed in
fixing this great principle on the basis on which
truth, justice, the laws of nations, the Constitution
of the country, and our own uniform practice have
established it. I say, then, it is an established prin-
ciple of the law of nations, that no one State has a
right to do anything, even within her own limits,
which may operate injuriously to the people of
another, although a foreign State, with whom they
are at peace. The proposition is laid down so
simply, so briefly, and yet so forcibly by Vattel,
that I will for a moment refer to it. 'After stating
that no nation ought to. commit actions tending to
injure others, Vattel says:
" The general principle forbids nations to practice any evil
manoeuvres tending to create disturbance in another State,
to foment disorder, 4'c., to raise enemies against it," $c.,$c.
This principle of the law of nations, thus stated
by this writer and recognized by every other on
the subject, is enforced (as you have seen by read-
ing a portion of the report of the Convention of
Georgia) by the Constitution of the United States,
one of the objects declared in the preamble being
to insure the " domestic tranquillity" of each State.
The obligation, then, which exists between foreign
States, not by any act committed within their lim-
its, to disturb the repose of any State, is recog-
nized, enforced, and applied by the Constitution
of the United States to the people of the several
States composing this Confederacy. And, sir,
the Government of the United States has acted
upon this principle from its very foundation. It
is now acting upon it, at the very moment in which
I am speaking to you. That principle lies at the
] foundation of all the laws on your statute-book,
! which inhibit citizens of the United States from
fitting out armed vessels within the United States
to cruise against a nation at peace with them. The
offence is complete before the injury is done to the
foreign nation. It is the act of fitting out with the
intent to cruise against a nation with which the
United States are at peace. So, also, the provis-
ions which forbid any warlike preparation for the
purpose of doing an injury to the people of such
foreign State.
But again: this principle was ac'ted upon by this
Government in the most decisive manner in its in-
terference to prevent the aid alleged to have been
given to the revolutionists in Canada by sending
General Scott to the Canadian border to prevent
that assistance from being given. It was acted
upon in Texas, when Americaffcitizens were for-
bidden to unite in aiding that portion of our breth-
ren who had strayed from us, in their contest with
Mexico for their independence. It was acted upon
by the late President of the United States, when
he issued a proclamation against those persons
who were engaged in fitting out an expedition
against Cuba. And it is now, even at this mo-
ment, acted upon by the judicial tribunals of the
United States in New Orleans, where persons are
prosecuted under the provisions of these laws for
having been engaged in that movement against
Cuba. Then, sir, if these States were totally un-
connected and foreign to each other, the conduct
of an abolition society in one of them, seeking by
j its emissaries and by its press to excite to insur-
1 rection the slaves in another State, in violation as
it would be of the law of nations, would be ground
of complaint, and, if continued, of open war. The
only inquiry, therefore, which remains in ascer-
taining the duties of the people of these States, is,
is this principle of international law, applicable as
between foreign nations, less obligatory and less
imperative as between confederate States, joined
together in one common bond of Union, one great
and declared object of which is to secure the do-
mestic tranquillity and peace of each State? Who
will doubt the answer which must be given to it?
As a further answer to this objection, that the
Legislatures ot these States, by passing laws to
repress abolition societies would interfere with the
freedom of speech and of the press, 1 refer the
Senate to the very able State paper of which I
have spoken, to the message of the Governor of
New York, in the year 1836. In that message,
in precise reference to this question, as between
the confederate States of this Union, thepower and
the duty of the free States to suppress these agita-
tions of the slavery question within their own
limits and by their own legislation, is fully consid-
ered and distinctly affirmed. After having spoken
of the conduct of Abolitionists in the State of New
York, the Governor says:
"A regard for the character of our State, for the public
interest, for the preservation of peace among our citizen*,
as well as a due respect for the obligations created bv our
political institutions and relations, calls upon us to do "what
may be done, consistently with the great principles of civil
liberty, to put an end to the evils which the Abolitionists are
bringing upon us and the whole country."
Pursuing the subject, after examining the pro-
ceedings and objects of the Abolitionists, and
stating the strong and repeated disapprobation of
their conduct, which had been manifested by the
great body of the people of New York, and ex-
pressing the hope and belief that this would have
the effect of repressing further agitation, he says:
" But if these reasonable expectations should, unhappily
be disappointed, if, in the face of numerous and striking
exhibitions of public reprobation, elicited from our constit-
uents by a just fear of the fatnl issues in which the un-
curbed efforts of the Abolitionists may ultimatply end, any
considerable portion of these misguided men shall persistin
pushing them forward to disastrous consequences, then a
question, new to our Confederacy, will necessarily arise,
and must be met. It mu>t then be determined how far the
several State* can provide, within the proper exercise of
their constitutional powers, and how far, in fulfillment of
their obligations resulting from these federal relations, they
ought to provide, by their owns laws, for the tnal and pun-
ishment, by their own judicatories, of residents within
their limits guilty of acts therein, which are calculated and
intended to excite insurrection and rebellion in a sister
State."
Here, then, is the question distinctly stated; the
