1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Rhett.
Senate.
have great respect, personally, for the judges of j
that court. 1 believe them to be able and up- ji
right; but they are men—very fallible men; and I ,
cannot but remember that, in all times, the judi-
ciary of a country has always been on the side
of the Government. It has ever been so in Eng-
land in all the struggles for liberty. It has ever
been so in this country. Not a usurpation of •
Congress on the power of the Constitution has
taken place, but has been sanctioned by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, from the alien
and sedition laws to the late bankrupt law. Let
us, however, briefly weigh their reasons for ac-
cording to Congress omnipotence over the subject
of the recovery of fugitive slaves.
1 hold in my hand a compendium of their de-
cisions on this subject, and their reasons sustain-
ing them. I will not name the judges delivering
the decisions, but quote simply the decisions
themselves.
" It cannot be doubted," says the court, " that
the Constitution requires the delivery of the fugi-
tive 'on claim' of the master; and the natural in-
ference certainly is, that the National Government
isclothed with impropriate authority and functions
to enforce it." This is very cool. It claims power
by nature for the General Government—a new
source of authority, certainly. I should saythat, as
the Constitution does not even mention Congress
much less the National Government, the National
Government has nothing to do with it. The
decision goes on: "The fundamental principle
applicable to all cases of this sort would seem to
be, that where the end is required the means are 1
given." Certainly no one will dispute this posi-
tion. But the question is, has any power over
the end (the recovery of fugitive slaves in a State)
been given to Congress by the Constitution? J
41 The clause relating to fugitive slaves is found
in the National Consttiution, and not in that of any
State." Here i%a reason as original as it is pro- (
found. Where should any of the terms of agree- ,
ment between the States be found but in their con-
stitutional compact? Did the constitution of any
nation ever contain its compacts with other na-
tions ? How absurd, then, to attempt to argue that
because the States did not, because they could not
insert into their separate constitutions their com-
pact concerning fugitive slaves, that therefore Con-
gress has exclusive jurisdiction over it!
" It might well be deemed an unconstitutional exercise
of the power of interpretation to insist that tbe States are
bound to provide means to carry into effect the duties of the
National Government, nowhere delegated or intrusted to
them by the Constitution. On the contrary, the natural, if
not the necessary, conclusion is, that the National Govern-
ment, iathe absence of all possible provisions to the contrary,
is bound, through its own proper departments, legislative,
executive, or judicial, as the case may require, to carry
into effect all the right! and duties imposed upon it by the
Constitution." •
Here again the whole question is begged. It is
taken for granted that it is the duty of the General
Government to enforce the recovery of fugitive
slaves. The learned judge declares the powers of
the "National Government," not from any speci-
fied grants in the Constitution, but " in the absence
of all provisions to the contrary." He proceeds:
" If this be so, it would seem, upon just principles of con-
struction, that the legislation of Congress, if constitutional,
must supersede all Slate legislation upon the subject, and,
by necessary implication, prohibit it. For if Congress have
a constitutional power to regulate a particular subject, and
they actually regulate it in a given manner, and in a certain
form, it cannot be that the State Legislatures have the right
to interfere. Where Congress have an exclurine power aver
n subject, it is not competent for State legislation to inter-
fere."
Here is the doctrine by which Congress not
only possesses the power oflegislating on the sub-
ject of fugitive slaves, but all legislation on the
part of the States is prohibited. The same doc-
trine is reiterated in another case:
"The ri ht to «ei7.e and retake fugitive slaves, and the
duty to deliver them up, in whatever State of the Union
they may be found, is, under the Constitution, recognized
as an absolute, positive right and duty, pervading the whole
Union with an equal and supreme force, uncontrolled and
uncontrollable by State sovereignty or State legislation."
State sovereignty, which alone, under the Con-
stitution, according to its plain purport, had any-
thing to do with the rendition of fugitive slaves, is
thus arbitrarily put aside; and State legislation, the
only efficient means of enforcing their recovery, is
prohibited.
Such are the reasons, as fiyrly as I can collect
them, by which the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States on this important sub-
ject are sustained. And what do tliey amount to?
Flat assertions—naked dogmatism—and a mani-
fest assumption from beginning to end of the tiling
to be proved. If Senators have been able to see
in them anything to satisfy their minds of the
authority of Congress to act at all upon this sub-
ject, much less to act exclusively, they have been
more fortunate than I have been. Vet I blame
not my honorable friend from Virginia for intro-
ducing the law of the last session of Congress,
now in force. Right or wrong, it is the only sort
of legislation which' the Supreme Court would
sanction or enforce Practically it is our only
remedy, weak and leeble as it is. The judiciary
is the only channel through which the Constitu-
tion, in its ordinary operation, can be enforced;
and when this fails us, the Constitution fails us.
I blame no one for conforming in their legislation
to the judicial decisions of the country. But as a
Senator I shall not surrender my views of the
Constitution to the decision of any tribunal; and
as a southern man I have felt it to be my duty to
expose the wrong which the South, in my opinion,
has sustained by the usurpation of Congress, and
the corresponding usurpations of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Sir, I know very well that it will be said that
these few remarks tend to support the Abolitionists;
and I should not at all be surprised if I should
consequently be denounced by some of the papers
of the country, not very far from Washington, as
having a very close understanding with the Abo-
litionists. Such imputations are to be expected in
these days; and a man who has lived to forty or
fifty years, as 1 have done, and who is not capable
of listening to political aspersions upon his public
or his private reputation with coolness and self-
possession, is unfit for public life. Public life, in
all free countries, is not a life of quietude and re-
i pose. He who would be useful as a statesman
' must begin his career by schooling himself to a
It is well that he is at the other end of the ave-
nue; for if he now stood in Massachusetts, and
sought the suffrages of the people to hold the seat
he then occupied, he would be rejected by an
overwhelming majority. The anticipations of
him whose seat I now occupy are now realized,
and consolidation here has crowned abolition with
its success. When you show the people of the
North that this Constitution is nothing but what a
majority of Congress thinks proper to make it,
what is the natural inference from such teachings ?
Why, that whenever a majority of Congress think
proper to abolish slavery it ought to be abolished,
and that if they are responsible for the institution
they ought to abolish it. Consolidation is aboli-
tionism; and those who have given abolitionism
its success in this country are the statesmen who
have been driving the car of consolidation over the
limitations of the Constitution and the rights of
the South. Sir, you cannot consolidate this Union
in one particular, and in others leave it unconsoli-
dated. If you break down the limitations of the
taxing power; if you declare that that power shall
exist not merely, as the Constitution says, for the
purpose of revenue, but shall exist for the purpose
of plundering one section of the Union for the
benefit of another; if you declare your power to
establish vast corporations, and thus control the
currency of the country; if you perpetrate the late
outrages of your compromise measures, you must
consolidate the Government in other particulars.
You promulge the doctrines here which virtually
make the Constitution a nothing—its limitations
mere breath. And now, when abolition rears its
head, and stares consolidation in the face, you
wish to frown it down. It will laugh you to
scorn. It is only carrying out the principles you
taught it—the life you gave it. It is only ridding
themselves of that responsibility you imposed upon
them, and carrying out your principles to their
legitimate results. If in past days all statesmen
had stood upon the limitations of the Constitution;
if they had said the Constitution gives us no power
capacity of hard, simple endurance, and be pre- beyond its plain and simple grants, these people
pared also, as the only efficient means of vindica- ,J 1 *' 1
tion, to act down and live down all imputations
on his motives or policy. I think the A bolitionists
have their way, according to the Const'tution as
it is construed and administered. I do not thjnk
they would be very unwilling that the existing
laws should continue without being materially
modified or changed. They would infinitely pre-
fer that you should send an army to Boston to
would have respected these limitations. Their
minds would never have respected these limita-
tions. Their minds would never have turned to
the great question of southern slavery, and they
would have enforced the obligations of the Consti-
tution, because it was their bond, their faith, their
duty. The greatest friends of abolition in this
country are the consolidationists. They are the
fathers of it; they have made it. From their cor-
enforce them take away the warning, designed in I rupt constructions of the Constitution this hideous
mercy by the Executive proclamation, and march !■ monster has arisen, now shaking this Union to
the militia of neighboring States into Massachu- | its centre, and in my opinion, destined to over-
setts to enforce the fugitive slave law, and thus 11 throw it.
make our rights under the Constitution incompati- o:- ~
ble with the independence and sovereignty of the
States. They would much rather have that than
that the simple alternate should be laid down to
them by the southern States, "Take into your
hands the Constitution and the faith implied; give
us by your legislation our rights, or we will dis-
solve the Union." If that alternative was pre-
sented, as it ought to be, with the Constitution in
•bur hands, we would have our rights. Why, you
may pass your laws; but a handful of people—it
Sir, what did this Congress do at the last ses-
sion? Consolidation carried its triumphant career
unchecked over the rights and honor of the South,
and the rights also of the North. By the compro-
mise, as it was called, you stripped the South,
having an equal right in the whole of our vast ter-
ritories, conquered by us in common with you, of
any participation in them. You ignominiously
ejected us, but admitted freely not only all the peo-
ple of the North, but the people of every other
land and tongue, even to the convicts of Botany
does not require a majority—can baffle your au- ji Bay. They are fit to be your compeers in hold-
thority in every town in the United States, and ing that magnificent country; but we—we, your
thus nullify your law, deride your proclamation
and put your army and navy at defiance. Sena-
tors on the other side of the Chamber, not I, are
on the side of the Abolitionists. Sir, what is -the
foundation of abolitionism in this Union? It is
consolidation. I remember many years since that
he who filled the seat I now occupy, and whose !
shoe-latchets as a statesman I am unworthy to 1
loose, said to the Senator from Massachusetts, >
now no longer in this body, [Mr. Webster,] in the j
great debate that occurred in 1833: j
" If the principles you contend for are correct, you will 1
wake up a spirit of abolition in the North; you will make
your people believe they are responsible for this institution j
and the day that that principle gets into their minds, and
that feeling into their hearts, this Union will be at an end.
And you yourself will be the very first to feel the effects of
the doctrine you are now maintaining by being ostracized
and scorned."
Although that great statesman did not live to
see the fulfillment of his prophecy, we now see it.
equals in this Confederacy—are spurned and thrust
aside. That was one branch of your mighty
measures of consolidation. And what else did
you do? You passed the fugitive slave bill, anoth-
er measure of consolidation, as I humbly con-
ceive, although not injurious to the North. And
after you had done this you then cried out, " All
hail! here is peace; there is to be no more conten-
tion; the lamb and the wolf are to lie down to-
gether; satisfaction, and peace, and quietude pre-
vail all over the Union; the South is satisfied, the
North is satisfied; we are all satisfied."
Sir, the South has succumbed far beyond what
she expected, or anybody else expected, after the
solemn committals she had made. She had re-
solved that she would resist, at every hazard and
to the last extremity, if you perpetrated over her
this enormous spoliation of her ejection from Cal-
ifornia. She has, nevertheless, apparently suc-
cumbed—all at least but two States. But the
Where is the great statesman of Massachusetts in . j North for whom you plundered us—the North
Massachusetts ? : | who had triumphed by your consolidation, instead
