300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 04,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Lata—Mr.
Clay.
Senate.
of being satisfied with what she had gained, was
dissatisfied with the poor boon the South acquired
for the recapture of fugitive slaves. If the Con-
stitution was violated by this law, they should not
have complained, for they had more than its equiv-
alent in the unconstitutional appropriation of Cal-
ifornia and the subjection of the South. Swollen
with the arrogance of predominating power, how-
ever, they have risen up and said, you shall not
enforce this law. We see now this singular state
of things: While the South—the wronged, the in-
sulted party—is sinking lower and lower, the spirit
of the North is rising every day, and saying, with
its accustomed potency, you shall not enforce this
law, until at length we are now deliberately deba-
ting whether we shall stretch the Union to the ut-
most tension of its powers to put down their dis-
satisfaction and resistance.
There is not a mathematical problem in Euclid
more clear than this. Just in proportion as you
limit the sphere of the operations of the General
Government according to the simple purport of
the Constitution, in that proportion you strengthen
the Union; and just in proportion as you enlarge
the sphere of the operations of the General Gov-
ernment by construction, in that proportion you
endanger the stability of the Union. Those who
adopt the policy of enlarging the powers of the
General Government by construction, have only
to go on, and they will consummate that predic-
tion made by a distinguished statesman on this 1
floor, if it is not done already, that we would
soon become, not one people, but a divided people,
a people frowning at and hating each other. You
have by this course of consolidation destroyed the
bond of peace and brotherly love that has so long
united us together. I do not know what other
gentlemen may say, but I, for one, can speak for
my constituency as to the effect of your legislation
upon them. They look upon this Union, in the
manner in which the North carry out its opera-
tions, as a curse rather than a blessing. They
deem the course of policy which you have pur- [
sued, in your measures of compromise and spolia- i
tion, to be inconsistent with their honor and in-
consistent with their rights and safety. i
One word before I close to my Democratic
friends. I have been a Democrat—a Republican ,
rather—ever since I have been able to form opin-
ions upon public measures. As soon as I was
able to examine the Constitution of the United
States, I came to the conclusion that there was
but one way of administering its powers consist-
ent with truth and honesty, and that was to con-
fine the action of this Government to the plain,
simple, specified limitations in the Constitution.
Sir, I have been an humble follower of that party
for more than twenty years. For thirteen years I
have been standing up here in Congress endeavor-
ing to bring it back to the original principles upon
which it was placed. It was placed there by
mighty men. The genius of Jefferson and Madi-
son founded it. It was based, not only on princi-
ples of policy, but on the fixed and immutable
principles of truth and justice. But at the last
session of Congress they surrendered to their en-
emies; they went over in the free States to the
consolidationists, in order that together they
might spoil the South. They took the honorable
Senator from Kentucky as their leader—he who
for twenty years has been the leader of the great
Federal or Whig party—and an abler leader they
have never had or ever will possess. Every step
they took under such a leader towards consum-
mating these measures of compromise, they
strengthened the Federal or consolidation party,
and weakened themselves. Now, where are they ?
Where are the principles of the Democratic party?
They are gone—they are destroyed. The Whig
.or Federal party is the only party that possesses
power in this Union, and those of our Democratic
friends who thought proper to cooperate with
them in their measures of consolidation of the last
Congress must sink into their embraces or sink
beneath their feet. There may yet be recupera-
tive power in the country if it could be brought
forth; but I have waited here a watcher of the
night, and have looked long and long for the
streaks of day. Shall that bright day ever again
come, when the Democratic party, chastised by
its errors, and disciplined by defeat, shall again
be clothed in its ancient armor and fighting for
their principles, and the noble faith of the Consti-
tution once more mount to victory? I fear not.
I fear they are gone, gone forever; and that this
Union will soon come to an end, under the mighty
sweep of the free States, with the consolidation
principles which they have ever advocated and
enforced. The wheel is destined to roll on, crush-
ing beneath its weight interest after interest, all
faith, brotherhood, and peace, until the whole
fabric falls a vast pile of ruin and desolation.
Mr. CLAY. I came to the Senate to-day under
a feeling of indisposition, which would have kept
me in my apartments but far the high sense of
duty connected with one of'the most important
questions, which has arisen qMl is now before the
Senate. I came under the nope, which I still
cherish, of this subject being terminated to-day;
and under that hope, and according to the cour-
teous usage of the Senate, I have risen to make a
few, and I trust concluding remarks upon the
question.
Mr. President, allow me, in the first place, to re-
call to the Senate the questions which are actually
before it. A mob, an atrocious mob, obstructed
the execution of the laws of the United States in one
of the most important cities in the Union. Every-
where throughout this wltole country it has pro-
duced feelings of surprise, of regret, and of indig-
nation. Anxious to know what was the real state
of fact, on this day week I presented a resolution
to the Senate, calling on the President to commu-
nicate to us information connected with this occur-
rence, and to communicate to us the measures he
had taken in order to enforce the due execution of
the laws of the United States, and to suggest any
amendment to these laws which he might deem
necessary in order to enable him to carry out and
perform his duties.
The President has sent us a message stating
what were the facts; what he has done, to a cer-
tain extent at least; and he recommends some al-
terations in the law, in order to enable him with
more effectual and energetic power to discharge :
his duty. When the message was received, I got
up and made a very few remarks, expressing my
satisfaction with the message—a satisfaction which
I venture to say exists throughout this entire coun-
try, with the exception of those ultras at the
North and South who are urging on, as far as
they can, a great crisis in this country and in this |
Union. Everywhere, I venture to say, this mes- [
sage has produced satisfaction. A debate of a
most extraordinary character has arisen—without
limit, with far less limit than the doctrines of con-
solidation to which the Senator who last addressed
you adverted. Almost every topic that could be
thought of has been brought up and forced into
the debate. Sir, it is not my purpose to answer
all that has been said by the various Senators who
have addressed you. I shall, however, touch upon
some of the topics which have been brought for.
ward by some of the Senators, and I begin with
the last.
The Senator from South Carolina has arisen
and laid down what are the true rules of inter-
preting the Constitution. But he has told us noth-
ing new; he has given us only commonplace matl
ter. Everybody knows that the Constitution is
an aggregate of granted powers, and that no pow-
ers can be exercised by Congress but such as are
granted, or are necessary and proper to carry into 1
effect the granted powers. The speech of the ;
Senator reminds me of a remark of the late Chief I
Justice of the United States, when a learned coun- .
sel from one of the distant States began to argue,
and went as far back as the flood, laying down j
certain fundamental rules of the law which he
thought essential to be known by the Supreme j
Court. With that blandness and mildness that j
characterized thatillustriousman,hesaid: "Why, 1
Mr. Counsel, I really think there are some things
which this court may be presumed to understand."
I do think that the Senator, without any deroga-
tion from his own dignity, or that of the Senate,
might have supposed that the general rules of in-
terpreting the Constitution, by referring to the
granted powers, or ascertaining what are neces-
sary and proper to carry into effect those granted
powers, might have presumed that the Senate of
the United States understood them perfectly well.
The whole difficulty with the Senator and his
school is, that they undertake to say what are the
granted powers, and what is and what is not ne-
cessary to carry into effect the granted powers.
And if all others do r.ot concur with them they
are consolidationists, Federalists, Whigs, preci-
pitating the country into ruin. They dispose of
all precedent. What is a precedent? A precedent
is the deliberate judgment of a court or a deliber-
ative body, upon questions which arise before
that court or before that body. It is the opinion
of the court or of the body upon the subject mat-
ter which is before them. It is, therefore,always
entitled to respect, and he who sets aside prece-
dents, he who rejects them all, says, in substance,
I am wiser than all men who have pronounced
these opinions and established these precedents,
and therefore I pay no respect to them. During
the last week I heard a Senator, who is not now
in his place, I believe, reject in one general mass
all precedents upon a particular subject, and im-
mediately afterwards sheltered himself behind the
opinion of the illustrious and lamented Senator
from South Carolina, (Mr. Calhoun,) which he
thought was superior to all other opinions and all
other precedents. So it is with the whole school.
They will tell you that the Supreme Court of the
United States know nothing about the Constitu-
tion; that Congress has been violating it from
1793 down to this day. But if they can find an
opinion of the lamented individual to whom I have
referred, sanctioning their views, why it is worth
all the precedents and the opinions of the Wash-
ingtons, Jeffersons, Madisons, Monroes, and all
the other Presidents of the United States. The
learned Senator has contended that there was no
power in the Government of the United States to
pass the fugitive slave law. It is not amongst the
most remarkable features of the times, that there
are certain coincidences between extremes in this
body and in the country. The honorable Senator
from South Carolina, who I believe holds extreme
doctrines upon the subject of silvery, and consid-
ers that institution as a blessing, and the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] who holds di-
rectly opposite opinions, both unite in expressing
the opinion that there is no power in the Congress
of the United States to pass the fugitive slave law,
and that Washington, and all of us, from the
commencement of the Government down to this
time, have been wrong; that the Supreme Court
has been wrong, and that the Congress of 1793
were wrong. Yet the colleague of the Senator-
from South Carolina, I believe, originally intro-
duced the bill, and it was perfected by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] How does the
matter stand now? The honorable Senator from
South Carolina and the honorable Senator from
Ohio, versus the Supreme Court of the United
States, the Congress of the United States of 1793,
^nd the Congress of 1850, and all the members of
the Senate and House of Representatives; for I
never heard any one else doubt the power of Con-
gress to pass this law. When there is so much
weight in both scales, one occupied by the two
Senators whom I have mentioned, and the other
occupied .by the whole country, and by almost
every enlightened man who has spoken on this
subject, it is not for an humble individual like my-
self to say which scale preponderates.
I will be allowed, I trust, to make a few remarks
upon the Constitution of the United States, upon
this subject, and upon the doctrines which have
been advanced by the Senator from South Caro-
lina. He says the more you limit the Constitution
the more you add strength to it. Then, I suppose,
if all the powers of the Government are to be taken
away in this process of limitation, it would make
the Union stronger. He says the more you stretch
the Constitution the more you increase the danger
to the perpetuity of the Union. But who is to de-
cide the question of stretching the powers of the
Constitution, and of limiting them? What man,
mortal, fallible, weak, erring man, can get up here
and say the Constitution means this or that, and
all others who £ive it a different interpretation are
traitors, consolidationists, Whigs, or Federalists?
I have never heard a man get up here and talk
about his being a State-rijhts man emphatically
and exclusively, per se, a Simon Pure, that I diil
not feel those emotions which Junius describes
whenever he saw a Scotchman smile. [Laughter.]
Sir, there are two schools of State-rights men.
One of South Carolina, and one of Virginia, Ken-
