1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Davis of Mississippi.
Senate.
din; of one drop of American blood in order to I
enforce the laws of the United States. But a Gov- 1
eminent without power, a Government resisting
opinion without means to enforce the laws. with-
out means to enforce the authority, and decrees.
And judgment of its courts of justice, would be the
most ridiculous that ever presented itself to the
contemplation of a human being. I go for pub-
lic opinion, and I go for force when it is abso-
lutely and indispensably necessary to apply it.
1 go for all the means with which we are in-
▼esied by the Constitution of the country in order
to maintain, at the North and at the South, and
everywhere, the authority of the laws of the Gov-
ernment inviolate; to carry them out in full and
complete execution.
Sir, 1 shall have done when 1 have described in
a few words the necessity for the reference of this
message. The act of 1795 was passed in pursu-
ance of that provision of the Constitution which
declares that Congress shall have power to pass
laws to call out the militia to enforce the execution
of the laws, and in order to repel invasion and to
suppress insurrection. The law of 1795 was
passed in consequence of the power vested ill Con-
gress. By the terms of that law, before the ap-
plication of force is made, it is required that a
proclamation shall be issued by the President call-
ing upon the insurgents to disperse. The law
therefore presupposes the existence of an organ-
ized force in hostile array against the Government.
The act which I read of Slarch, 1807, referring
to that of 1795, declares that the President shall
have power to call out the navy and arm y, to be
employed as he is authorized to employ the militia
force by the act of 1795. Proclamation, there-
fore, is necessary by the act of March, 1807.
Now, it is manifest to every Senator here that this
condition of the law doe* not meet the case which ;
occurred in Boston, and which may again occur ■
in the same State, or other States. Thelaw, I re-
peat, is founded on the supposition of existing,
open, undisputed insurrection, and open rebellion
and opposition to the laws. But the case which
occurred in Boston had no such feature. The
first knowledge of there being any force in combi-
nation against the law was the demonstration by
the mob at the court-house—the pressing upon the
doors, the seizure of the fugitive, and his being
carried off triumphantly through the streets of
Boston. It is proposed to invest the President
m-ith power to call out the militia, to call on the
army and navy in case where he shall have just
cause to apprehend, either in the arrest or after the
arrest of the fugitive, a rescue of the slave. That
is the sole purpose of the reference which is pro-
posed by me, and to do away with any prelimi-
nary proclamation which, if it were issued at all,
would of course favor the parties with an oppor-
tunity of preventing the re-arrest, if it did not
enable them to make a rescue with more success.
Having said thus much, I will no longer detain
the Senate. I would not have addressed them but
for the extraordinary circumstances of the case.
I hope the message will lie referred, and I call for
the yeas and nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of "Massachusetts. In order that
I may not be misunderstood, I wish to say that I
have at no time felt the slightest objection nor in-
tended to interpose any obstacle to the reference of
the President's message to the Committee on the
Judiciary. On the contrary, so far as I know,
there is no objection to that course, as we can meet
and discuss hereafter any proposed amendment to
the law. But it must be very obvious to all who
have listened to this debate, that the character of
my own State, the city and the citizens of Boston,
have to some extent been drawn into and involved
in this inquiry, and I rise to say a few words in
reply to some remarks which have been made since
I last addressed the Senate. I said then that I did
not perceive in the evidence, which I agreed was
imperfect, any decisive proof that this was a case
demanding the interposition of this Government
in the exercise of its powers; that I did not see
that a case had arisen in the city of Boston which
could not be controlled by the civil authorities
there. All the evidence that has come to my
knowledge since I last addressed the Senate has
confirmed this conviction and confirmed this
opinioa.
Mr. President, what is the fundamental princi-
ple upon which this power of the President of the
United States stands? It is admitted on all hands
that it is a power to be exercised sparingly, and
that it has been so exercised by the United States
from the commencement of the Government down
to this day. 1 think the principle involved is very
plainly this: That there is to be no interposition
so long as the civil authority of the Government
is adequate to support and sustain the judicial tri-
bunals of the country without resort to unusual
force for that purpose. That is the principle which
lies at the bottom. The genius of tile Government
itself sanctions this principle, and looks with dis-
trust and regret upon all mingling of civil and mil-
itary power. There should be no interposition
when the judicial power is competent to carry the
laws into execution. If we go to history we shall
find some instruction upon this subject. I find by
adverting to English history a sentiment which
struck me as conveying a useful lesson upon this
subject. There was in the time of the distin-
guished and eminent lawyer Chief Justice Hale,
an application made to him to send a civil officer
with an armed force to suppress some popular
commotion. What was his replyI have noted
it down on a piece of paper before me. In an-
swer to that application, he replied: "Let them
' know that the laws of this kingdom are not to be
' executed by the sword. These matters belong
• to the civil power, and you have nothing to do
' with it."
The Government of Rome had very great ex-
perience on this subject. They had frequent
popular outbreaks. They had many occasions
in which they reposed dictatorial power in indi-
viduals. What was the result of all their experi-
ence upon this subject, after substituting military
and arbitrary power in the place of the ordinary
civil administration of the laws ? Their experience
came at last to be expressed in four words, " inter
arma leges silent." I think, as a general principle, ;
it will be found to be true that whenever military '
power and military force are coupled for the pur-
pose of executing the laws, the laws are silenced
and the military power is triumphant. 1
How is it with regard to the act of 1795, which ,
has been adverted to by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, and which is referred to in the
message of the President? Why, the very com- !
plaint of the message is that the executive depart-
1 ment is required, before military power is resorted
1 to to carry into execution the laws of the United j
I States, to make a proclamation requiring the in- I
| surgents or insurrectionists to disperse. The pol-
' icy of that is perfectly obvious; the good sense of |
it cannot be misunderstood. The design was that ,
all peaceable measures, all quieting measures, all
mild and pacific measures, should first be tried
before force was resorted to. The purpose and
intent is plain upon the face of the statute itself.
Congress intended to restrain the President from
a hasty, inconsiderate, or unlawful exercise of this
power. Congress required him first to issue his j
proclamation for the purpose of seeing whether or
not that would not be effective. If it should not
be effective, then I agree it would be very proper i
to come to force, if the opposition is beyond the
control of the civil authority. The honorable
Senator from Kentucky says no case so imnortant
has arisen since the organization of the Govern-
ment, except the whiskey rebellion. Let us see
whether that is correct or not. Let us, in order j
, to test that point, look to the state of things which
exists in Boston. I condemn, as much as any ]
man can, the act of violence. But does it bring
with it testimony of such an extensive dissatisfac-
tion in the popular mind that the judicial tribunals
cannot maintain and support their authority ?
That is the question. That is the point to which
I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
In the first place, we have all learned that it was
an inconsiderable band of persons who rescued
the fugitive, and then, as if it were to confess
their own weakness, and their own want of power,
and their own inability to face the civil authority,
carried him in disguise out of the country to a
foreign jurisdiction. This implies that the parties
who resisted the operation of the law there were
weak in themselves. But there is a much more
striking fact than this, and I desire to present it
!; to the Senate. It is known to gentlemen that
since these transactions, and immediately after
they did occur, measures were taken to arrest the
persons supposed to be concerned in them; the
confederates and conspirators, asthe Senator from
Illinois calls them. Warrants were issued; va-
rious persons, white and black, were arrested and
brought before the competent tribunals to inquire
whether or not they should be held to answer for
their conduct. These courts were held from day
to day, and, as far as I know, they are held now,
and have been held openly, peaceably, without
even any additional constabulary force to insure
the obedience of the people, None whatever; a
constable is all that is needed. Business goes on
precisely as if this thing had not happened. There
is no commotion, and there are no signs of com-
motion. There is not and has not been a moment
when the judicial tribunals of the Commonwealth
and of the United States there could not maintain
their own authority and execute the laws pre-
cisely as if nothing had happened. All this is
apparent; all this is manifest upon the face of
the facts, as they reach us from day to day through
the papers. This would seem to show, I appre-
hend, that no military force is necessary to sus-
tain the Government in the State of Massachusetts;
that there are no conspirators or confederates
there who dare to assault the courts.
But the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Berrien] says that this is an unparalleled out-
rage in the history of the country. I know very
well that, as the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky has suggested, it is not a very forcible or
conclusive argument to offset one outrage against
another. But, as the Senator has arraigned Mas-
sachusetts and criticised her legislation, I would
ask how long it is since Georgia extended her juris-
diction by legislative enactments over what is called
the Cherokee country, then inhabited by the na-
tion, held under treaties with the United States?
How long is it since she arrested a Cherokee, liv-
ing in his own country, thus held, tried him, and
condemned him, and sentenced him to be hung?
In the mean time the Cherokee nation, as a nation,
deeming this a violation of treaties, applied to that
illustrious man to whom the honorable Senator
from Kentucky referred, then Chief Justice of the
United States, for a writ of error, believing that
their citizen had been illegally and unjustly con-
demned, and that the government of Georgia had
no authority so to do. That was their allegation.
They sued out a writ of error, and, if I remember
the facts correctly, it was carried to the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, and service of it made, where-
upon the Legislature of Georgia, immediately, in
defiance of that writ of error, and the authority
of the highest court of the United States, directed
that man, by a legislative act, to be executed, and
he was executed. Then, I may well inquire
whether the rescue by an unarmed mob of a sup-
posed slave is an unparalleled outrage or not, and
whether, if the President escaped all censure in
this instance for not issuing a proclamation and
threatening an array of military power, he might
not have been pardoned for passing over this res-
cue without giving to it an undue importance? I
do not refer to this in any spirit of unkindness,
but if Georgia is blameless, what becomes of the
charges against Massachusetts for unjust or un-
courteous legislation ? When the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia undertakes to reproach the citi-
zens of my State with an unparalleled outrage, I
think it may be very well to offset it by a compari-
son of conduct.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Badger] pursued the same course of argu-
ment which has been pursued by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, and he entered largety, and
with no inconsiderable freedom of remark, into a
| criticism upon the laws of Massachusetts—laws
passed seven years ago--and he deduced from the
character of that legislation an argument that
there was a spirit prevalent in Massachusetts de-
serving rebuke and condemnation as illiberal, a
spirit which merits the notice and reprehension of
this Government. I took occasion to say, when
I spoke upon this subject very briefly a few days
ago, that the Legislature of Massachusetts on this
topic passed beyond the limits of my judgment in
in this matter, and, had I been a_ member of that
body, I should probably have objected to the pas-
sage of such a law as that. Not that they had
