1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
•31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law-
-Mr. Downs.
Senate.
met in December, 1849? Did anybody say so?
If it be in danger now, it has fallen into that dan- |
ger since the passing of these great medicatory j
measures. Where then, I ask, is the fruit of
them? Assertion will not answer for proof. We
must have the evidences of a changed state of
feeling for the better, before we are called upon to 1
return thanks and join in a Te Deum for our de-
liverance. i
Since I have held a seat in the Senate I have
not been one of those who have threatened the
dissolution of the Union. I have felt that I stood ;
here as a part of the Government, and that it was
my duty to maintain it. That I was bound by .
principle, when I ceased to be willing to preserve |
the Government, to vacate my seat, as a post I
could no longer honorably hold. I hold that a I
Senator stands here on a mission from his State i
to the Federal Government, and that the honor of I
his State would be involved if any Senator used
his position to destroy the Government to which
he was accredited. Entertaining these opinions,
I have not heretofore discussed this question, and
I do not propose to do it now.
If we could trace back to the earlier period of
our history; if we could go back to the times of
those who formed this Union; if the sentiment
which prevailed then now existed in the country,
there could be no danger of laws being nullified
by the resistance of mobs, or of a dissolution of
the Union, because some of the States claimed
that the property held under their laws, if found
within the limits of another State, should be faith-
fully surrendered on the owner's demand. In the
earlier days of our history our honesty was deeper
and broader than this. It was, not merely be-
tween States of the Confederacy, but between
coterminous countries, held to be an obligation to
return fugitive slaves. The obligation was incor-
porated in the Constitution, the compact between
the States. If I may draw an illustration from
my own homely pursuit, it is as if two fanners
living near each other should agree together that
the stock of one escaping into the enclosures of
the other should be returned upon demand.
Would it be deemed good faith if one of the
neighbors should conceal the property of the other !
so escaping, and prevent its return upon demand?'
Would it be deemed good faith to resist the agent
who should come to claim the property ? Would
honesty not require assistance to be given for the
capture and delivery? Such a contract is that be- j
tweeen the States for the surrender of fugitive
slaves. I hold that it is a reflection upon the good
faith of the States that it has ever been found ne-
cessary for Congress to pass a law upon the sub- j
ject at all. j
Sir, at an earlier period of our history, and be-
fore this obligation was written in the bond be- ,
tween the States, in the Congress of the Confed- j
eration a resolution was introduced to secure the
rendition, from and to foreign States, of slaves
escaping from the Confederacy thence, or the re- I
verse. I find in Hamilton's works the following:
"astmjm to rosiTivc sla vis.
" Jluput 26, 1788.
'• On the report of a committee, consisting of Mr. Hamil-
ton, of New York, Mr. Bedgewick, of Massachusetts, and
Mr. Madison, of Virginia, to whom was referred a report of
the Secretary for the Department of Foreign Affaire of the
14th instant—
" Raolvei} That the Secretary for the Department of
Foreign Affairs be directed to transmit copies of the papers
referred to in his said report to the Chargg d'affaires of the
United States at Madrid, and instinct him to represent to
bis Catholic Majesty the inconveniences which the States i
bordering on bis dominions experience from the asylum af-
forded to fugitive negroes belonging to the citizens of the
said States; and that Congress have full confidence that
orders shall be given to his Governors to permit and facili-
tate their being apprehended and delivered to persons au-
thorized to receive them; assuring his Majesty that the
said States will observe the like conduct respecting all such
negroes belonging to bis subjects as may be found therein.
" Resolved, That the said Secretary be also directed to
communicate the said papers to the Encargado de Negocio*
of Spain, and to signify to him that his interposition to ob-
tain proper regulations to be made on the subject would be ;
very agreeable to Congress."
Thus it is seen that the men who formed this
Union did not doubt their obligations to surrender
fugitive negroes even to a foreign Government, as
a matter ofcomity and good faith between friendly
nations. They only asked that Spain should do .
likewise towards them. But, sir, in the course of
years and of national growth, we have either lostj
something of that purity and close adherence to the
general rules of justice which characterized our fa-
thers, or men's minds have been warped and wrung
by visionary speculation, until justice is lost in their
misty philosophy, and the voice of honesty is
drowned in tne elamor of a pharisaical sect.
Hence arose the necessity for a more stringent law.
If we grant that this fugitive slave law passed
Congress because of its connection with other j
measures, that it passed for a consideration, that
it was the price paid for the surrender of other
rights, it is stripped.of all claim as a peace-offering }
from the North. What could be more offensive
to any southern man than the proposition that he
should surrender part of his constitutional rights
in order that his runaway negroes should be re-
stored on demand, according to the requirements
of the Constitution? Could a freeman worthy to
have inherited such a Government as this, agree to
traffic in his constitutional rights, to surrender'
privileges and immunities—the equality to which
he was born—for so paltry a price? It is offen-
sive to their understanding, to their manliness, and '
to their spirit in the assertion of their constitutional
rights, to treat it as a case of barter. If we are to
have no more, let us have the poor privilege of be- j
lieving that those who are associated with us have
been honest enough, without a consideration an- I
nexed, to permit the passage of a law to carry out
an express provision of the Constitution for the I
protection of property in slaves. ,
In relation to this particular case of a mob in
Boston, I consider that it derives its importance
mainly from ihe fact that there is an organization
in one portion of the States to deny the right to
hold a species of property possessed in another
portion of the States; that this mob and violent
resistance to the capture of a fugitive negro is but
a sign of the times; and that, therefore, it is worthy
of a consideration which should not properly he
given to every mob. While I attach this import-
ance to it; while I recognize the obligation of the
President to see the laws executed, I am yet slow
to believe that the President cannot execute the
laws with the means in his possession at present.
A marshal anxious to do his duty can assemble a
posse; if this be not sufficient in any locality, he
could call on the State authorities for further sup-
port. The power of removal enables the Presi-
dent to obtain such an officer, and the rest follows
whenever the State is true to the obligations of the
Union.
As I said before, I repeat, if this be the action of
the State; if the action of the negro mob in Boston
be sustained and adopted by the State of Massa-
chusetts; if she has resolved to cast off the obliga-
tion of the Constitution, and to absolve herself
from the duties which devolve upon her as a mem-
ber of the Union, then she is, of her own free will
and sovereign act, virtually out of it. I, for one,
will never give a dollar to coerce her back. In
saying this, I make no special attack upon that
State. I attack no State. Though those with
whom I am most identified have suffered most
grievous wrongs from the State of Massachusetts;
though she has been in the lead in that agitation,
the object of which has been to deprive us of our
property, still I remember the earlier and more
glorious portions of her history. Still, if I could
have the faintest ray of hope, I would say, despite
my wrongs, I love thee still. If we can only have
such ray of hope furnished by the action of the
Governor of that State; if he, with the militia of
Massachusetts, will put down the mob and enforce j
the laws made under the Constitution, how much I
better, peaceful, efficient, and permanent it would j
be, than any remedy applied by the army and j
navy. And I reject the idea of the coercion of the
State by the power of the Federal Government. If I
the State will not act thus, it can only be said she ;
has dissolved the bonds that connected^ her to the ,
other States by repudiating the Constitution. If:
so, I say let her go—go in peace, go in good will, j
go with all the kind and proud remembrances ,
which cluster about her early history; go, if she
will not maintain her obligations to the Constitu- ;
tion, as becomes a sovereign State, and an equal 1
member of the Union. .
I know, Mr. President, that this doctrine which ;
I entertain of the freedom of the State from coer- j
cion by the Federal Government, will be by some
identified with the doctrine of nullification, to which I
it'bears no resemblance. I deny the power of
Massachusetts to nullify the law and remain in the
Union. But I concede to her the right, I am willing
she should exercise it, if she deliberately desires
it, to retire from tlie Union—to take the " extreme
medicine," secession. I hope now to be under-
stood, and I will not longer detain the Senate.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to say a few words in
reference to one or two propositions of the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
and to advert to one or two arguments of my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] The honorable
Senator from South Carolina has expressed his
regret that the South, after taking her position on
the slavery question, had abandoned it. I differ
entirely from that gentleman as to his view of the
subject. I am from the South, as he is; I have
the same interest in the South that he ha#; and I
take a view of the subject altogether different from
his. As I understand it, and as I believe the
South understand it, she took ground against the
Wilmot proviso; she took ground against the
abolition of the slave trade between the States; she
took ground against the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. None of these measures
have been forced upon her. So far, then, from
abandoning her ground, she has maintained it.
I do not believe a single State, in direct terms,
took ground specifically against the admission of
California. On the contrary, in the celebrated
resolutions offered here in 1847 by the late distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] expressing his general opinions on the
subject, he expressly laid down the fundamental
principle, that when a Territory came into the
Union she had the unconditional right to form her
institutions in such manner as the people of the
Territory might deem proper. California has done
this, and done no more. I do not agree, then, that
the South has abandoned any of her principles;
but I believe that, substantially, and as far as could
have been expected under the circumstances, she
has maintained them and carried them out.
There is another point of the Senator from
South Carolina to which I will advert. He seems
to think that, by the support of the " compro-
i mise," as it is called, of the last session, the Dem-
ocratic party have abandoned their ground. I deny
the allegation. I do not know that it is the habit
of the Democratic party to look for their creed to
the politics of South Carolina. If there is one
State in the Union which cannot be relied upon in
the deliberations of the Democratic party, it is the
| State of South Carolina. When did sne join in
| our councils ? Did she join in themin .1844? Did
j she join in them in 1848? Did she in previous
I times? No, sir. If I understand the matter, she
has remained isolated and alone, voting with us or
' against us, as she pleased. 1 am unprepared, for
one, as a Democrat, and I have been a Democrat
all my life, to repudiate and abandon the majority
1 of the Democratic party in both Houses of Con-
fress, and follow the honorable Senator from
outh Carolina. I do not know who invested the
j Senator, or who invested South Carolina, with the
power of turning out of or declaring who were in
J the Democraticparty. A majority of the Demo-
cratic party in Congress, a majority of it, I believe,
in the United States, supported the compromise
measures, and I see no reason why they should be
branded with having abandoned the party because
they did so. I take it that there are many in both
Houses and elsewhere who favored those com-
promise measures, who have been as true and
orthodox to the Democratic creed and Democratic
doctrines as the gentleman himself. I am not will-
ing to be thus unceremoniously read out of the
party. That is all I have to say on this point. I do
not think it necessary to notice any of the other
arguments of the honorable Senator.
Now, a few words to my friend from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davh.1 He intimates that so far from
public opinion at tne North being more favorable
to the interests of the South since the compromises
of the last session, it is more against slavery and
the interests of the South. I differ with my hon-
orable friend from Mississippi totally and entirely.
At this time last year offensive meetings at the
North were almostan everyday occurrence. There
was one meeting in particular, at Cazenovia, the
proceedings of which were incorporated into the
speech of some southern gentleman,and went out
