326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March I,
31st Uong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Davis of Miss., Mr. Clemens, £/c.
Senate.
therefore with our debates to the South. I thought j
it so dangerous that I regretted any southern man |!
had adverted to it in such a manner as to go in \
any way to our country and produce evil there. .
From that very town of Cazenovia, so famous a
year ago for abolition meetings, this morning we
received accounts of a great meeting there de-
nouncing the nefarious sentiments of the Aboli-
tionists. In Springfield, where Abolitionism is
more in the ascendant, perhaps, than in any other
town even in Massachusetts, the English agitator, .
Thompson, was driven out the o'her day with in-
sult and ignominy. Does this show any increase
of opinion in the North against us? I cannot see
that 'it does. Unless my friend can bring some
proof to sustain him, I must think he is mistaken.
My friend from Mississippi said that the meas-
ures of compromise had been adopted at the last
session to prevent the danger of disunion, but had
not prevented it. I differ with him altogether on .
that point. I think we hare prevented the danger '
of disunion. What was the state of things this !
time twelve months ago ? Was there not danger •
of disunion.' Was not one half this country ar- ,
rayed against the other half? Were we not in an- |
ticipation of violence and commotion, here at the j
very centre of the Union, from day to day and
hour to hour ? Did not the people dread that
blood would be shed in this very Capitol? How
is it now ? Is there the same danger now ? Who
talks of disunion? Who talks now of contest,
and commotion, and dissolution? I believe but
one solitary State—South Carolina—contemplates
it seriously. I would say, with all deference to
my friend from Mississippi, that I do not believe
the people of his own State seriously think of a j
dissolution of the Union. Then South Carolina j
is the only Statu that seriously contemplates for a |
moment a dissolution. At this time last year thir- j
teen or fourteen States were pledged, in certain i
contingencies, to take measures to dissolve this
Union, and I believe they would have done so if
those measures had been imposed on them. I
think, then, that these measures have produced '
peace, and they have produced quiet. I think
there is much less danger of a dissolution of the
Union when but one State is in favor of it than '
when thirteen or fourteen States are. I think, then,
that there has been a great change of public opinion
in the North since the passage of the compromise 1
measures, in favor of the South. I think there is
less danger of a dissolution of the Union than
there was a year since. I think, then, that the po-
sition which I at first assumed in reply to the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that those measures had pro-
duced good results; that they have not been fruit-
less, is fully made out. I will detain the Senate ;
no longer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to make a
very brief reply to my friend from Louisiana. He
claims to be an old Democrat. We are, for young 1
men, very old acquaintances, and have both uni-
formly been Democrats. We are, then, even upon
that point; and if he will not claim, by being an
old Democrat to be also an old man, then we I
stand upon equal ground. That he cannot do so,
is shown by the fullness of his confidence, pie .
sees all things couleur de rose, with the bloom and
the freshness of hope, which belongs alone to the ,
season of youth. If his prophecy be fulfilled, if
his hopes can be realized, no one would rejoice :,
more than myself.
The Senator says I must give him proof of the
correctness of my opinion. He brings up the „
meeting at Cazenovia of last year, and compares it j
with the state of things existing now, which he '
assumes to be that of calm and contentment. Let ;
him look to Syracuse and find there another Phi-
lippi. For the one meeting at Springfield, where
the English abolitionist Thompson was refused i
a hearing, let him look at the long list of appoint-
ments made for him—mass meetings extending
from one day into another. I fear the publishers
of the " Liberator" are not so kind to my friend
from Louisiana as they are to myself 
Mr. DOWNS. They send their paper to me, ;
but I do not read it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do, and am
always willing tolearn from an enemy his strength, I
his position, and plan of attack. I learn thus that
there is a regular succession of abolition meetings,
exceeding in number, and in the masses who attend
them, anything which has ever before occurred.
They have raised a cry upon the fugitive slave bill
■which appeals directly to the sympathy of every
individual who has, by the domiciliation, perhaps
for many years, of a runaway negro, had a per-
sonal feeling superadded to hostility to the institu-
tion of domestic African slavery.
But my friend mistakes one of my remarks. I
did not say the compromise bill was passed to
prevent a dissolution of the Union. There are
those who claim that it did prevent a dissolution
of the Union. I am not one of them. I have not
proposed or foretold a dissolution of the Union.
When I become convinced that this Union de-
pends for its preservation on the measures which
politicians may suggest, and solely depends on
such a reliance to hold it together, I shall look
upon its days as numbered. The charm which
invests and binds it with far greater force than
bands of brass and steel,must have been dissolved,
and the efforts of any puny arm to forge fetters to
replace the magic power which had passed away,
would only provoke contempt, if it did not
heighten the catastrophe. This Union is held
together by historical associations and national
pride. It is held together by mutual attachments
and common interests. It is held together by so-
cial links, from the fact that fathers and sons,
mothers and daughters, brothers and sisters, and
boyhood friends, live in extreme ends of the Union.
These States are held together by so many un-
seen, close, and daily increasing points of contact,
that it can only be rent in twain by something
which loosens these rivets, and permits the use of
a lever as powerful as that which has been recently
introduced. When it depends upon politicians to
manufacture bonds to hold the Union together, it
I is gone—worthless as a rope of sand.
j It is to others to whom my friend's reply must
attach; not to me. I have not said the compro-
mise bill did or did not remove all danger to the
Union. I have not said it was passed to preserve
the Union. I believe that, but for it, the Union
would have been more secure than it is at present.
I find now excitement in both, instead of but one
section of the Union; and, if an attachment to this
Union does overcome wrongs inflicted, it is be-
cause that attachment is so deep-founded that the
tampering of politicians cannot destroy it. The
danger twelve months ago—about the 4th of March,
]850—was too small to excite much attention.
True, there was an attempt irregularly, without
previous authority of law, to force a State into the
Union, by which the most salutary check in our
Government would be destroyed, by permanently
securing to one section a majority in both Houses
of Congress. This and other objections of a con-
stitutional character were then urged, and therfc
was a warning of resistance to be made. How is
it now ? Those who gave the warning then are
generally as firm now as they were then in the
assertion of the principles and policy avowed. I
find, also, that many southern men, who did not
| attach the same importance to that measure, are
| now taking the attitude that, if the fugitive slave
law be repealed, or slavery abolished in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, they are ready to dissolve the
Union. I say, then, that the excitement has in-
creased instead of being allayed. I say that when
men contemplate the dissolution of the Union, and
, lay down a particular mark at which it shall be
dissolved, they are on the very verge of its de-
struction. When they throw out to you a pro-
gramme containing one, two, three, or four prop-
ositions, and announcing that, if this or that is
j done, this Union shall be dissolved—and this, too,
is done by those who declare themselves to be par
excellence the Union men—I ask, where is the
manifestation that the danger has passed by ?
My friend says he does not believe my own
State is in favor of dissolution. Who does?
Who ever said Mississippi desired to dissolve the
Union ? In Mississippi it has been spoken of but
as an alternative, a last recourse, and a remedy to
which they would only resort when they were
bound as freemen to surrender their inheritance,
or adopt the last argument in order to maintain
their constitutional rights. That they have said,
and that I believe they will do. You could not,
throughout the length and breadth of the State,
find a corporal's guard who desire to destroy the
Union of the Constitution—the Union as it uras
formed by, the Union as transmitted from, their
revolutionary sires. They speak of dissolution
as the result of a violation of constitutional rights,
and thus only; of secession as the alternative of
submission to usurpation and degrading aggres-
sion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the President's message to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and it was agreed to—yeas 34, nays
none—as published in the Congressional Globe,
p. 676.
RIVERS and HARBORS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Saturday, March 1, 1851.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill from the House making appropriations for the
improvement of certain Rivers and Harbors.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusets. I am requested
by the Committee on Commerce, which reported
this bill, to say something in its support; but in
the present State of business^ and the extreme
pressure of time, I do not feel at liberty to go into-
details of this measure with any particular expla-
nation. If we had time and opportunity I should do
it with very great pleasure, and give the Senate all
the information in my power. But I can say, gen-
erally, that these appropriations are spread I be-
lieve over the entire country, and they amount to
about ^2,300,000. This amount is to be applied
to the harbors on the seacoast and on the lakes,
and to the rivers of the interior; and I may add,
that by far the great "majority of them apply to
works that have been long since commenced by
the Government, and from time to time carried
| forward by appropriations. Many of these works
1 are now out of repair, and the country expects
them to be put in a proper condition. With these
remarks I leave the subject to the Senate.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend the bill by
inserting, after the appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Illinois and Tennessee rivers, the fol-
lowing proviso.-
Provided, That the said sum of $50,000, hereby appropri-
ated for the improvement of the Tennessee river, shall bs
restricted to the improvement of said river between the
points of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and Decatur, Alabama.
Here is an appropriation in the bill of §50,000
for the Tennessee river, without specifying where
1 that amount is to be expended. It will be utterly
valueless unless it is restricted between Decatur
and Chattanooga. If it be so restricted, it will
enable the mails to be brought down that river,
and will be of some benefit to West Tennessee,
North Mississippi, and North Alabama.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose if that amendment
should be adopted it will be in order to move to
strike out all that relates to the Illinois and Ten-
nessee rivers.
• The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I have no objection to
the amendment.
1 Mr. FOOTE. I shall very cordially sustain the
amendment of the Senator from Alabama, but I
feel bound to call for the yeas and nays upon it,
as it is one of a very important character. I cjill
1 for them because I conceive the object of the
amendment is to make the bill more national in its
character. The amendment is of great importance
in this point of view.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. The part of the bill which it is
now proposed to amend contains an appropriation
which concerns a section of country of which I
have some knowledge and in which I have some
interest. I did not hear the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Alabama distinctly when made his
motion. I do not know upon what ground he
bases the necessity for having this appropriation
so restricted.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will state that we had an
appropriation of five hundred thousand acres of
land for the improvement of the Tennessee river,
but it was all wasted away upon the Muscle Shoals,
and never did a particle of good. I want this ap-
propriation to be expended where it will do good.
The fifty thousand dollars might as well be put
into the river as be expended on the Muscle
shoals.
Mr. BELL. I agree exactly with the Senator
from Alabama; but is it proper to impose a restric-
