1851.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Bell and Foote.
Senate.
tion ill this bill.9 Where shall we end if we begin
to impose restrictions? Take the river Ohio.
Should we make any restrictions and limitations
as to where the appropriation for that river should
be expended? If we did, we should never get
through with it, we should never agree with regard I
to any one river. I concur decidedly with the !
Senator from Alabama as to |£ie points where this ]
appropriation ought to be expended. I know five
hundred thousand acres of land were appropriated,
but I insist they were given to the State of Ala-
bama.
The PRESIDENT. The lands lay in Ala-
bama.
Mr. BELL. I think that appropriation was
made to the State of Alabama specifically for the
improvement oftheMuscleShoals. You remember,
air, that it was so. I think in this case we must
rely on the discretion and judgment of the Depart-
ment, in making the application of the fund, if the
bill should pass. They will apply these fifty
thousand dollars to those portions of the river
which will produce the greatest amount of good
and do the most effective service in opening a chan-
nel of communication.
The Senator from Mississippi need not be afraid
of appropriating for the improvement of this river.
It drains a portion of three, I may even say four
States, for its principal waters drain a part of the
State of Mississippi. At all events, I may include ,
Tennessee, Alabama, and a portion of Kentucky.
I think the honorable Senator from Alabama, if
he really desires this appropriation for improving
the navigation of the Tennessee river, ought not
to attempt to restrict it. That part of the river
to which he proposes to restrict it has been sur-
veyed by the officers of the Government, and the
necessity of some improvement at this time, in that .
portion, is obvious to the people who reside in that
section of the Union, and to the good sense of the
Topographical Bureau of the Government. They
would, I have no doubt, apply this appropriation
to the very portion of the river indicated by the
Senator. But I think it is not proper at this time
to make these restrictions with regard to different
parts of the river. If we do, we shall get nothing.
Though I concur with the Senator from Alabama
that this is the portion of the river which ought to
be improved, for the reasons stated I must vote
against his amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. The state of things is now real-
ized which I predicted this morning. The honor-
able Senator from Tennessee has distinctly an-
nounced that he concurs perfectly in the views of
the Senator from Alabama in relation to the amend-
ment now offered, and yet he says the exigency
is such that he dare not act upon his own views.
Mr. BELL. I said that on no occasion would
I vote to restrict appropriations in the bill to par-
ticular parts of a river. I instanced the Ohio river,
and was willing to trust the officers of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well. Then I think the ob-
jection is still stronger. The position of the honor-
able Senator is, that we must legislate at hap-hazard,
that we must make large appropriations of the
public money, and simply secure a little respon-
sibility in the Executive branch of the Government.
My principles are different. I feel that I am re-
sponsible here for all my acts, and we should all
feel that. Accordingly I cannot vote for any ap-
propriation of the public money without securing,
by all reasonable legislative means within my con-
trol, the judicious and proper application of that
money. If we do otherwise we act not only un-
wisely, but, in my opinion, unjustly to the coun-
try whose great interests we are sent here to pre-
serve.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee admits
that he concurs with the honorable Senator from
Alabama in the view he has taken of this subject,
and yet he is not willing to act upon his own judg-
ment; he is not williifg, as a legislator, to embody
in this bill the views which he says he himself has
maturely adopted, and at the present time moat
cordially entertains. My own opinion is, that we,
as members of this body, entertaining any views
which we deem sound and judicious with regard
to any legislation whatsoever, should feel it to be
our bounden duty to act on those views. We are
sent her to act as independent men. We are sent
here because our judgment* are relied upon. We
are sent here to act upon the various questions
which may be brought before us, and we are ex-
pected to act upon our own views, and to assume
our own proper responsibility, under the expecta-
tion, confidently entertained by us, that we will be
responsible for all the consequences that flow from
"• our acts. If we make this appropriation of money,
we should take eare that it be not wasted in conss-
j quence of our not providing those safeguards which
j we ought to introduce. We shall,in my opinion,
I be responsible to the country, and most materially
I responsible, if we do not provide those safeguards.
1 Why, the very instance cited by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, is a case in point; five
! hundred thousand acres of land were given to the
State of Alabama for the purpose of improving the
Muscle Shoals of the Tennessee river. Thesetf ve
. hundred thousand acres of land were wasted in
an abortive attempt to establish a steamboat canal
from the upper to the lower portion of what is
called the Muscle Shoals of the Tennessee river.
Could any instance be cited of more improvident
legislation than that ? Could any instance be cited
of a more reckless expenditure of the public
money, or rather the proceeds of the public lands,
upon an injudicious experiment of internal im-
provement? For one, I shall never legislate away
the public money without knowing how it is to
be expended, and that in its expenditure the great
interests of the country are to be advanced. Never
will I, neglecting to perform my own duty, neg-
lecting to act upon my own views, content myself
with securingthe responsibility in the Government,
which I am myself bound justly to assume.
I say again, as 1 have said before, that if we
undertake to legislate in the manner now proposed
by the Senator from Tennessee, and this money
should be injudiciously expended, we ourselves
| will be chiefly responsible for its injudicious ex-
1 penditure, and I am sure that, although the hon-
orable Senator did not avow that motive, he will
not disavow acting on it to some extent at the
present time. Were it not for the imperious ex-
igency in which we are now involved, and if we
had time deliberately to consider this matter in
all its various bearings, I have too much respect
for the Senator from Tennessee, and the patriotic
motives which influence his action, to suppose
that he would decline, as he has done on the pres-
ent occasion, acting on those motives which he
has adopted most maturely on this most partic-
ular occasion. If we had time, the honorable
Senator from Tennessee would doubtless concur in
this amendment, and all amendments which in
his judgment were calculated to ameliorate the
bill, and give it as near an approximation to per-
fection in legislation as is practicable; because I
would be doing deep wrong to the honorable
Senator to suppose him to be wholly unfit for
those high purposes of legislation which the
country knows he is as admirably fitted for as
perhaps any member of any legislative body in
the world.
I therefore hope this amendment will be adopt-
ed, and that it will be the entering wedge for sim-
ilar amendments. I hope that every part of this
bill will be framed in the spirit of wise legislation.
I hope its defects will be removed. If we assume
the responsibility of voting for a bill of this sort,
we ought not to content ourselves with shifting
the responsibility from our own shoulders to those
who are to execute the law. We should take the
full responsibility of all our votes and speeches
here.
This bill is manifestly marked with injustice in
its very framework, from the operation of certain
motives, which I fear, if sanctioned by the Sen-
ate of the United States, might tend to depreciate
the public honor, and bring into contempt the le-
gislation of the country.
Mr. BELL. I will not detain the Senate long.
The honorable Senator has been so complimentary
that I feel inclined to approve of much that he has
said; I must nevertheless disavow the arguments
he imputes to me. I need not review them at this
stage of the session. I said there was danger that
this bill might be lost if the amendment were
adopted, and that if these restrictions were to be
imposed we should get nothing. But I said that
as a general principle of policy in appropriations
of this kind—and I instanced the case of the river
Ohio—I would not vote to restrict the appropria-
tion to certain points, unless such points were pre-
eminently superior and demanded appropriations
| above all others. For example, if we wish to
make an appropriation for a canal to avoid the
j Muscle Shoals of the Tennessee river, then we
I might say so specifically. But this appropriation
1 is for the improvement of the navigation of the
1 Tennessee river; and I said that I concurred with
; the Senator from Alabama that it ought properly
' to be applied to that very section of the river which
i he indicates. Sir, I happen to have a particular
; interest, representing the State of Tennessee, in
, that particular section of the river, because the
navigation of that river is connected with Nashville
by the Chattanooga river. I have, therefore,
more interest in that section of the river than in
any other. But, independent of that, this is the
close of the session, and I should think it impol-
itic any how to attempt to restrict the appropria-
tion to a particular part of the river to which one
gentleman's attention might be more particularly
directed than another. I agree with the Senator
that it is important that this part of the river should
be improved, but we cannot expect to get any ap-
, propriation of this sort, if we attempt to limit ap-
propriations to particular sections of rivers. I am
opposed, therefore, to this very principle. Still, I
j beg to say that I hold it to be a sound principle; if 1
thought good was to be effected by this bill, with
I its imperfections—and I think great good will re-
1 suit from it—that public interest and sound public
I policy would require that I should vote against all
amendments not particularly adapted to my views,
' in order to secure the great good which the bill
will accomplish.
Mr. FOOTE. We learn in the school book,
that
" Large trees from little acorns grow—
Large streams from little fountains flow."
Now, I understand that all the rivers in this
country, with perhaps one or two exceptions only,
originate, not in large masses of water, in no larg$
lake or sea, but that they rise from fountains, very
small in the beginning, but which increase as they
flow on, until some of them become vast rivers,
extending throughout the limits of the United
States. The argument which the honorable Sen-
ator has just presented commits him to the im-
provement of each one of all these rivers from
its mouth to its source, as long as the name river
continues to be applied to it, up to the very foun-
tain-liead where the river emanates. He is bound,
according to the opinions he has now advanced, to
vote for the improvement of such streams. I can-
not imagine legislation more pernicious. I think,
as practical legislators, we should have some sub*
stantial object in view. For one, I will never con-
sent to the appropriation of the public money ex-
cept for useful purposes. I have just as much
objection to voting money for the improvement of
any streams in this country, from the mouth to
the head of it along its whole course, where it is
navigable and where it is unnavigable, as I have
to a proposition to make appropriations of money
for the improvement of a stream one hundred
yards in extent. Sir, have I not said enough to
show that we should look to the streams which
we propose to improve, and that we should see
that the appropriations which we make are made
! by us in such a form as actually to contribute in
i some degree to the attainment of those great com-
I mercial ends which we should always have ia
! view in all these schemes of internal improve-
1 ment. But the honorable Senator says, that for
j, his part he is not willing to meddle with this mat-i
, ter at all, notwithstanding he has very clear and,
distinct views of the total impolicy of applying
'! any portion of the money appropriated by this
j particular clause to the improvement of certain
j! portions of the river. Yet he is not willing to
!! prevent the improper application of that money to
| purposes perfectly useless. In other words, the
'i honorable Senator is perfectly willing to take the
1! responsibility—and I think it is a bold assumption
P of responsibility—of appropriating money, with a
I distinct probability existing that it will be wasted.
I cannot concur in any such view. For my own
part, I intend that every vote that I give on this
bill shall have some practical beneficiat end in
I view. Nor will I give one single vote which is
| not calculated actually to advanje the cause of inr
i ternal improvements in this country, as connected
