330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Butler, Clay, Borland, and Felch.
Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. The concluding remark of the ;
Senator from Kentucky is very significant; for,
sir, I think he has a double assurance that this
will pass, not only by the numbers who will vote
for it, which I presume have been counted, but
the bill has had the benefit of his speech, and I '
presume it is the general understanding that no- \
body can speak better than he does, however they
may be disposed to compliment others. But the
honorable Senator addressed himself especially to
the Northwest, the West, and the East. I will
give him an assurance that if the Northwest, the
West, and the East, by a combination of numbers
and a combination of interests, advocate this bill,
it will be passed.
Mr. CLAY. My friend will recollect I ad-
dressed all, including him, not by name, but in
terms of sreneral comprehension.
Mr. BUTLER. Very much like a testator who
gives all his property away and has a general
residuary clause giving his sheep to some one of
his legatees. It is not, however, with that view
that 1 made reference to it. But I wish to say
that here is one way, and I think the most dan-
gerous way, of passing a bill through the Senate.
Pha* is, to ascertain by a comparison and by a
combination of divers interests whether the bill will
pass or not. After it is ascertained, gentlemen
may push this bill through in spite of other con-
siderations. That is the situation of this bill The
Senator from Kentucky has asked what has been
done for the great valley of the Mississippi ? The
Nile, it is said, was worshipped as a god because
it fertilized and enriched the soil of Egypt, and it '
may be that some members worship the Missis-
sippi. I shall not deny that the Mississippi de-
mands and has demanded the attention of this
country. But when not ouly the interests of the
Mississippi valley, but different parts of the United
States can be consulted by works of this kind, it
is the most dangerous form in which you can
assail the public Treasury. I will not let his
remark pass unnoticed, so far as regards what has
been done for the valley of the Mississippi. How
many railroads have been provided for by appro-
Eriations from the public lands ? I think, sir, there
ave been appropriations of some millions in that
valley for that purpose. I cannot enumerate them.
Some millions have been appropriated in Michigan
—millions in Illinois for a road from Chicago to
Mobile, and also in Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. There have been none ap-
propriated in Arkansas.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought the public lands were
to be appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. FELCH. None have been expended for
Michigan.
Mr. BUTLER. At the last session five mil-
lions were appropriated to cut a canal around the
falls upon the lake. It passed this body, and what
has been done with it I cannot say. But I will an-
swer for this much; they have taken all the valua-
ble public lands in the States, and then the propo-
sition is to come upon the Treasury. I may be
permitted to ask one question. Suppose this ap-
propriation was for one object, that it had the
merit of entirety; suppose the Baltimore platform
would not allow it, and that it would interfere with
that creed; may they yet vote for a part here and
a part there, and not vote for the whole or a gen-
eral system ? I have not thought much upon this
subject, but I protest against making this experi-
ment of appropriating two millions of money this
year, before you have any intelligible plan as to
the mannerin which it is to be applied. I am one
of those who do not hesitate to avow that I would
prefer a well-devised scheme of internal improve-
ment of a general character for the whole Union,
to any patchwork of this kind, but which is in
effect the same thing. Gentlemen will vote for
millions for this river or for that river, or for this
road or that canal. How is it that gentlemen will
vote millions for this State or that, for local im-
provements, and will say they have no objection
to them, whereas if you ask them if they are in
favor of a general appropriation they will tell you
that they will not vote for it? But they will go for
this bill, which is the very worst form in which it
can be presented. I shall vote against the whole
bill, but I will not stand to discuss it.
. Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not occupy much
time in discussion at this late period of the ses-
sion. It is important that the vote should be I
taken and the question decided one way or the
other, that we may proceed to other business. I ,
cannot vote for the bill as it comes from the House
of Representatives. If the Senate will reduce the
appropriation to the amount asked for by the
Administration, and confine its application to ob-
jects which are entirely national, 1 shall cheerfully
vote for the measure. I shall have no hesitation
in voting for reasonable appropriations for the j
removal of snags and other obstructions from the
channel of the Mississippi and its navigable tribu-
taries, and for all necessary harbors upon the lakes
and the seaboard. I have advocated this line of
policy on former occasions, and when there was a
surplus in the Treasury, not required for anywise
and legitimate purposes of Government, 1 have
voted for harbor and river bills which contained
many questionable, and, to me, obnoxious items.
The case is entirely different now. Our expendi-
tures go far beyond the probable receipts into the
Treasury. The appropriations this year are likely
to be between fifty and sixty millions of dollars.
The way things are now going on we must expect
a deficiency in the Treasury at the end of the year
of several millions of dollars, which will require a
public loan to meet these extraordinary appropria-
tions, and an increase of the taxes upon the people
to meet the loan. It is a serious question to create
a great national debt in time of profound peace,
when the country is prosperous and happy, and
the revenue greater than at any former period of
our national history. The expenditures of a
nation, like an individual, should be kept within
its regular income. The President and his admin-
istration have furnished estimates of the amount
of money required for all public uses during the
ensuing year. For rivers and harbors they esti-
mate one million and thirty-five thousand dollars
as the sum which can be wisely and properly
expended, while this bill appropriates about two
million and a half of dollars. Is it not clear that
the Congress of the United States, and not the
Administration, is to be held responsible for this
excess over and above the estimates ? Why should
we appropriate more money than the Administra-
tion, which is known.to be favorable to the ob-
ject, tell us can be wisely and prudently expended?
I do not wish to be understood as approving the
estimates submitted by the Administration upon
this subject. They have omitted several of the
most important national objects, while they include
many in which the public have no manner of in-
terest, which are entirely local, and in some cases
can have no other effect than to enable private in-
dividuals to make fortunes at the public expense.
Notwithstanding these objections, I will con-
sent to give the Administration the amount they
ask for, and then hold them responsible not only
for the money they expend, but for the estimates
they have made, and the objects omitted and in-
terests neglected by them. I will consent to go
this far, in consideration of the important interests
of my constituents to be affected by this bill; but
when I am required to go further, and make ap-
propriations more than twice as large as the esti-
mates, and furnish the money to an Administra-
tion whose official reports show that they do not
know what to do with it, and that they think it
cannot be wisely and prudently expended—when
1 am called upon to do this, and at the same time
create a national debt thereby, with the necessity
for increased taxation to pay the principal and in-
terest of the debt, I must tell the friends of the
present bill that I cannot go with them. I shall
make no factious opposition to the bill. I desire
to see a direct vote taken upon reducing the ap-
propriation to the amount asked for by the Ad-
ministration; and unless such reduction is made,
1 shall content myself with a vote against the pas-
sage of the bill. Its advocates cannot justly com-
plain of our desire to perfect the bill. It is our
right and our duty to do so. I would much have
preferred each item in a separate bill, so that every
Senator could have voted for or against any im-
provement according to his own judgment. I de-
sire to vote for the improvement of the channel of
the Mississippi and its navigable tributaries, and
such other water courses of a national character
as contain snags and other objects of danger,
which have proved so destructive to the lives and
property of our citiiens. I wish to vote for all
1 harbors necessary to protect our vessels from de-
struction by the elements. I am not willing, how-
ever, to make unlimited appropriations from the
national Treasury for the sole purpose of build-
ing up towns and promoting private speculations,
in which the public have no considerable interest.
If each of these appropriations had been placed in
i a separate bill every one would have stood upon
its own merits, and we could have passed those
, which were necessary and proper, and have re-
jected the residue. I make these suggestions as
expressive of my own views, and as my reasons
for voting against the bill in its present shape.
The work of retrenchment must not be confined
to the river and harbor bill. It must extend to
the Army, the Navy, the Indian bill, even to the
civil and diplomatic bill, and, in short, to every
branch of the public service. The expenditures
of the Government must be brought back from
fifty-odd millions to twenty-odd millions of dol-
lars. The estimates for the Navy this year are
more than twice as much as the entire expenses of
that Department eight years ago. I see no neces-
sity for this vast increase. The expenses of the
War Department have more than doubled during
the same period, and the Administration are ask-
ing for the Quartermaster's bureau alone this year
an amount equal to the entire expense of the War
Department and Army, including all its branches,
a few years ago. The same rage for extravagant
1 expenditures is running into every arm of the
public service. Our expenditures are greater than
; our increase—our appropriations exceed our reve-
nue. We are going in debt in time of peace.
! Who does not see that we will soon be under the
I necessity of resorting to loans and increased bur-
| dens upon the people in order to meet these ex-
| traordmary expenditures ? I am opposed to appro-
! priations for one dollar more than they have asked
for m their estimates, and will then hold them to
a strict accountability for the manner in which
they administer the Government.
Mr. BORLAND. Upon the single proposition
now before the Senate, (an amendment to a single
and not very important appropriation,) 1 did not de-
sire to speak upon the general merits of the bill.
But as other Senators have done so, I will, to a-
limited extent, follow their example.
I will first notice a remark of the Senator from
' Mississippi, [Mr. Foote.1 He spoke in a some-
what emphatic manner of the responsibility to which
Senators would be held for their course upon this
bill. I do not profess to be bolder in this respect
1 than other people. But I have never avoided re-
sponsibility upon any occasion; and upon this I
! am not only ready to meet, but I court my full
shareofit. It is to my constituents, however, that
I owe responsibility for my course upon this floor.
( To their approval or censure, and theirs alone, do
J I hold myself amenable. To them alone I stand or
fall. And, sir, I must be permitted to say that I
regard it as, if not actually unparliamentary, cer-
tainly in very bad taste for one Senator to threaten
others with their responsibility. Every one here
is answerable for his own conduct—not for that
of others. Let each one keep his own conscience,
and guide his own conduct. Such a task may
well and fully occupy the best and wisest of men.
And especially do 1 say to the Senator from. Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Foote,] as our honorable friend
1 from New York [Mr. Dicki.vson] said to another
Senator here on a memorable occasion, when he
has settled his accounts of responsibility with his
own constituents, I will call on him, if he shall
have any surplus capital left, and I should need
i any in settling with mine.
i Again, sir, the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
| Foote] has alluded to the strange associations and
combinations of Senators, hitherto opposed, which
the advocacy of this bill has effected. As a gen-
eral answer to the imputation which such an allu-
sion may imply, I can say without hesitation that,
however much I may respect the opinions of
others, I am not in the habit of fashioning my
opinions upon them. As lights along my path,
and often most valuable guides, I both consult and
respect them; but, poor as my judgment may be,
its dictates always determine the course I pursue.
And one thing is very certain, I am not to be fright-
ened or driven from any measure which I believe
: it my duty to support, because it receives the sup-
1 port of those with whom I differ upon other sub-
