1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Borland.
Senate.
jects. To be moved from my propriety by influ-
ences such as that, would be to surrender up al)
independence of thought—to put myself fully in
the power of others—to make myself a slave to
prejudice, indeed. Looking to the Constitution
as the chart of my authority, and to the interests
of my constituents as alike the motive and guide
.of my public conduct, I apply them as tests of all
questions which come before this body; and, hav-
ing regard to the real merits of the measure itself,
I vote for or against it, as my own judgment dic-
tates, without inquiring how other persons may
vote; though never otherwise than gratified when
I find my own sustained by the votes of others,
no matter who they may be. So, on this occasion,
while I am not without regrets that some of those
friends with whom I am politically identified, and
usually act, differ with me, I will not conceal the
gratification I have at the fact that a decided ma-
jority of the Senate agree with me, though that
majority may and does consist in part of those
who are, on most other subjects, my political antip-
odes. But, even supposing such temporary as-
sociation (or combination) with political opponents
to be as censurable as the Senator would have it, I
apprehend that, if he will review his own course,
at almost any period within the last eight or ten
months, he will find himself involved in a predica-
ment equally embarrassing with that in which he
seeks to place me, and none the less censurable.
I allude, of course, to the so-called " compromise"
of the last session. In whose company was the
Senator found then, and upon that nleasure? Nay,
whose lead did he follow ? Did he observe party
associations in that case? Did he ask who were
engaged in the movement? Did he think or care
who was leader then ? If there be impropriety, I
repeat, in such temporary association with those
who are usually political opponents, the Senator
from Mississippi must first purge himself of it,
before it lies in his mouth to challenge it in an-
other. But no more of this. In regard to the bill
itself, the question is, What are its merits? "We
have been very boldly told that it violates some
great principle of the Constitution, or, at least, of
the Democratic creed. It is very easy to say so;
but I apprehend it will be very difficult to prove it.
What is the principle it violates ? I have heard
no one yet announce it in specific terms, or place it
before us in a tangible form. In constitutional in-
terpretation, I claim to be a strict constructionist. I
insist that this Federal Government can exercise no
power not expressly given or necessarily implied !
by the Constitution. The arguments in support
of that position are too familiar to the Senate to
require, or, with so little time before us, to permit
a recital of them now. I content myself, then,
with the simple declaration I have made of it; and
the further expression of my belief that it does
not exclude such a bill as the one under consid-
eration. The power to improve the navigation of
our rivers and harbors I believe to be clearly given
by the Constitution. On the general question of
power, I am met with no constitutional difficulties.
The extent to which it may be exercised is, I
think, a matter of sound discretion. In these opin-
ions, I do not stand alone. In support of them I ,
might invoke innumerable authorities, and, among
them, those who have ever been recognized, cer-
tainly on the Democratic side of this Chamber, as
the very highest. I allude especially to General
Jackson and Mr. Calhoun, the leaders par excel- 1
lence of Democracy and strict construction. These
among the dead, whose names and memonr and
opinions we venerate. Among the living, I need
but cast my eyes around this Chamber. I dwell;
particularly upon him who sits nearest me—the f
distinguished senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] j
—the nominee of the Baltimore Convention—our
leader in 1848. I am well aware, and have no de- ,
sire to conceal or obscure the fact, that there are
defects in this bill—objectional features—which I
am as desirous as any one can be to get clear of.
These defects—these objectionable features—I will
vote against upon any proposition of amendment.
I am for making the bill as nearly perfect as we
can. This I hold to be my duty, in the exercise
of that" sound discretion " of which I have spoken t
as our guide op this occasion. But, sir, if these
defects cannot be cured—if these objectionable fea-
tures cannot be obliterated—if we cannot succeed
to the full extent of our desire* in making the bill ii
as perfect as in my judgment it ought to be, what
am I to do ? Am I to vote against it, and deprive
the country (my own constituents included) of aft
its manifold and manifest advantages? Shall I
sacrifice a great good to avoid a small evil ? Shall
I burn up a large and well-filled barn to get clear
of a few rats? The constitutional obstacle out of
the way, the exercise of discretion becomes our
duty; and that discretion requires me to inquire
the relative proportion of good and evil in the bill.
This I have done; and in my judgment the good
preponderates over the evil certainly as (en—per-
haps twenty—perhaps a hundred over one. Nor is
this my judgment alone. The familiar history of
our legislation on this subject sustains the declara-
tion that the distinguished champions of Democ-
racy and strict construction to whom I have al-
luded, and many more equally sound, though not
quite so prominent, have repeatedly, and through
a long course of years, advocated, voted for, and
approved appropriations in no respect more meri-
torious than nineteen out of every twenty in this bill.
I doubt whether there are a dozen items in the
whole bill which have not, in principle and in prac-
tice, been sanctioned by the support of the states-
men to whom I have alluded.
When the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
was reading us'that formidable list of appropria-
tions, running from 1830 to the present time, I
asked him to tell us what proportion of those ap-
propriations had been given to the West. He
was unable to answer me. He had not looked
into that. I apprehend that few eastern men have
looked into it. But it is a question, alike import-
ant, interesting, and significant. Its answer, how-
ever, is not a doubtful or a difficult one. I do
not, at this moment, undertake to speak in detail,
or with entire precision, but I do not hesitate to
express the opinion (and with perfect confidence
in its substantial accuracy) that not one tenth (if
one twentieth) Jim gone west of the mountains.
! Much the larger portion, nearly all of the many
millions which have been expended for purposes
of this character, have been given to the Mlantic
coast. 1 think no one will undertake to controvert,
this. And while this was the case, while the At-
lantic coast got all, and the West got none, who
was found to object to the appropriations ? Unless
I am grossly misinformed, the first objection to
such appropriations on the score either of consti- :
tutional principle or of expediency, was made when
it was proposed to extend them to the West. Be-
ginning with the beginning of the Government,
under the constitutional provision to " regulate
commerce with foreign nations," appropriations
for the improvement of rivers and harbors, break-
waters and sea-walls, light-houses and buoys, have
. always come before us in the regular annual esti- i
mates, and been made as a matter of course along
the whole Atlantic coast. This had grown to be
tt habit of the Government—one of its recognized, ;
established, and regular functions. I
Well, sir, I never have objected to this. I do j
not now object to it. 1 allude to it, however, to j!
remind Senators of other words which are, indeed, > '
a connected continuation of the very same sentence
and the very same clause I have quoted from the
Constitution. These words are: "And among the
several States." That is, to quote the whole clause,
Congress has power '' to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes." Now, I ask Senators if
the power here conferred authorizes and makes
proper and necessary the appropriation of money
for harbor and river improvements along the At-
lantic coast, "to regulate commerce with foreign
nations," by what rule of construction, or upon ij
what ground of policy, they deny the authority, ,
propriety, or necessity of similar appropriations j
for similar improvements in the great valley of the :
West, in order to regulate commerce "among the !
several States?" I can see no reason and recog- r
nize no propriety for drawing the distinction, or j
making the difference between the two cases. ||
There is no difference or distinction in the theory ■!
of our Government; there should be none in its :
practice.
I can well understand how the doctrine upon j,
which the distinction rests had its origin. From
the beginning the doctrine has obtained that the
objects for which these appropriations should be j j
made are those that are national in their character. j,
I subscribe to that doctrine now. But on account
of the locality of .the particular works to which the
doctrince originally applied, and to which, for a
series of years, it was continued, the locality itself,
by the power of association I suppose, seems to
have become incorporated into the doctrine as one
of its elements. That locality was the Atlantic
coast. Then it was national; and indeed was all,
in this connection, which could fairly be consid-
ered national. It presented the only objects to
which Congress oould direct its power " to regu-
late commerce." Commerce " among the several
States" had not then that character and extent
which either required or admitted the exercise of
Congressional power to "regulate" it by the ap-
propriation of money for the improvement of in-
ternal rivers and harbors. We had no such rivers
and harbors. We then had no West. Things
have wonderfully changed since then; and with
the change of things our policy should change.
We have a West now, and such a West! Why,
sir, we could take up your whole East, your
whole Atlantic coast, and stow you away in one
oorner of our "Great West," and hardly miss
the space we spared you. It is not a section, nor
nor a region, nor a division of the country we
boast of. "Nopent up Utica contracts our pow-
ers." Ours is a world, aye, sir, a world of waters
and of land; of waters which float the richest com-
merce of the present day—of land whose genial
fruitfulness puts the valley of old Nile to shame.
The doctrine of nationality, I repeat, is the true
one; but the range of objects in which it had its
orign,and to which its application was a long time
restricted, is too narrow for the extended and ex-
tending limits, the enlarged and enlarging dimen-
sions, the increased and increasing interests of our
country. That which alone was national once is
so np longer. You had as well say that the doc-
trine of our pride, that "all our citizens are free,
and ail freemen equal," should be restricted in its
application to- the limited number of people of
whom it was originally predicated, as to say that
this doctrine of nationality, which was originally
predicated of the Atlantic coast when we had no
West, shall be restricted in its application to the
narrow strip of the Atlantic slope, now that ths
boundless West is ours. Sound doctrines baaed
upon principle, whether in morals, religion, sci-
ence, or government, may be developed in the cir-
cumstances of even a single object of considera-
tion; but, once developed, they are not limited in
their application to that single object. They are
world-wide in their scope, universal in their ap-
plication. So, when this feature of our nationality
was limited to the Atlantic coast, the doctrine was
applicable to that alone, not because it was narrow
in itself, but because the range of its legitimate
objects was narrow. But, now that its range is
extended and enlarged, the authority, the propri-
ety, the necessity of its application is also ex-
tended and enlarged pari passu with the new ob-
jects which such extension and enlargement bring
into the field of observation. But, sir, I am sorry
to find that the minds of our public men, espe-
cially those who reside east of the mountains, have
not kept pace, in this respect, with the change of
things to which I have thus adverted. Some of
them seem unable, even with their mental vision,
to scale the Alleghanies. Even their imaginations
seem either averse or incompetent to the task (and
surely it ought not to be an unpleasant one) of
traveling beyond that beautiful range of moun-
tains into the still more beautiful country which
lies beyond it. It is time they had roused them-
selves to that task, or rather that duty, I should
call it. Justice sanctions it, the interests of the
whole country require it, the voices of the eight
millions of people who inhabit the West demand
it. Such considerations as these cannot be disre-
garded much longer; such influences, embodied as
they will be, and concentrated within this Capitol,
cannot be resisted. Let those do so now who
may, who will, the time is coming, it will shortly
be upon us, when they will have the power to do
so no longer. In this I but express what I believe
to be a sentiment already strong and growing in
the West. I know it is with the State I in part
represent; and a State of truer devotion to De-
mocracy and a strict construction of the Consti-
tution is not to be found within the whole sister-
hood of tbia Union.
