3-34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Dodge of Iowa, Mr. Dawson, Cass, fyc.
Senate.
will of a majority ? And who is to be held responsi-
ble? The Whig party is in power in the Execu-
tive department, and the Democratic party is in
power in the Legislative department. On whom,
then, will the responsibility rest? [11 1844, when
the great Democratic party came into power with
conservative notions and constitutional views, they
laid down a platform, and the great and worthy
chief of that day put his foot upon the power of
Congress, and to this moment it has never been
disturbed. Will, then, the Democratic party aid
in galvanizing this measure? Will they abandon
the principles on which they have stood, and rally
on principles which go even beyond those of the
Whig party ? The principle of the Whig party
was a general system of internal improvements for
the advancement of the commerce of the country;
but they were opposed to improvements that were
not national in their character. The Democratic
party scarcely admitted anything of this kind to
be constitutional; yet now they are rallying side
by side with the Whig party, at the beating of the
reveille, and march together and take rank together
to accomplish this object. Here, sir, is a confu-
sion of parties, producing a fusion of parties which
defies discrimination between them. I should like
to have some leader of the party to whom I have
been hitherto opposed state the outline of his prin-
ciples, lay down his basis, throw down his glove,
and call his friends to march up to his standard.
Sir, the presidential campaign is approaching. A
storm is impending. We occasionally see streaks
of lightning, and soon you will hear the rumblings
of the thunder.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I would like to ask
the Senator a question with his permission.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Did the Senator vote
for General Zachary Tavlor and Millard Fillmore?
Mr. DAWSON. I did.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. And did not General
Zachary Taylor proclaim himself, in every letter
he ever wrote, in favor of the improvement of rivers
and harbors?
Mr. DAWSON. If they were all of a national
character. And I would ask did not Mr. Polk
and the Democratic party say by the Baltimore
platform that they were against it?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. They were against a
general system, as I am now against a general
system.
Mr. DAWSON. That is the principle exactly.
Mr. BUTLER. I will read two resolutions
from the Baltimore platform, so that Senators
may understand its doctrines on this subject:
"Resolved, That the Federal Government is one of lim-
ited powers, derived solely from the Constitution; and
grants of power so derived ought to be strictly construed by
all the departments of Government; and that it 13 inexpe-
dient and dangerous to exercise doubtful powers."
"Resolved, That the Constitution does not confer upon
the General Government power to commence and carry on
• general system of internal improvements."
Mr. DAWSON. Those are my Whig doc-
trines. You see how it stands, then. When you
are going to spend money as an individual, you
look at your annual income and resources, and
you will not, if prudent, expend more than you
will receive. That brings us back to the proposi-
tion. We now owe $80,000,000, and shall expend
this year probably $10,000,000 more than we shall
receive. Beiore this fiscal year ends our debt will
probably amount to $100,000,000; and yet we pro-
pose to increase it by $2,500,000 by this bill, while
there is not a single Senator who will rise in his
place and say that this bill ought to pass in all its
parts. Each one- will say there is something in it
which should not be passed, because it is either
unconstitutional or prodigal in the appropriation.
Yet you are going to doit. For what purpose?
Was there ever a country more prosperous than
the United States have been since 1844? Yet my
friend from Arkansas would make you believe—
for I am inclined to think he is trimming nigher
the wind than I ever knew him before—that this
bill is a proper one.
Mr. BORLAND. I understand the Senator to
*ay it is wrong to vote for this bill because there
is much in it that he does not approve. Did he
not vote for the compromise last Summer?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir; and whenever the
happiness of millions is involved in such a ques-
tion I shall do it again.
Mr. BORLAND. Did he not think there was
something wrong in that compromise ?
* Mr. DAWSON. Yes.
Mr. BORLAND. Still he voted for it.
Mr. DAWSON. Why? Because the perpe-
tuity of the Union depended upon it. Yet here is
a principle that has been killed by Democratic ac-
tion for seven years. I was going on to say that
no country had been more prosperous and happy
than ours since 1844, and yet these rivers and
harbors were all just as they are now. What
great revolution has taken place which makes it
necessary that this appropriation should be made?
What necessity exists for this now? Why, sir,
it is a fusion of parties who are forming a platform
for the 'presidential campaign, and for electioneer-
ing purposes, at the expense of the United States.
These are my views, but for fear I may becharged
with a desire to prolong the discussion, I leave the
floor.
Mr. CASS said: As there is not as much noise
and confusion here as I found elsewhere upon a
certain memorable occasion, the important cir-
cumstances of which have passed into history, I
trust I shall meet with no difficulty in the expres-
sion of my views upon this occasion. I do not
propose to touch the constitutional question in-
volving the powers of the General Government
in relation to the objects of this bill. I shall con-
tent myself with quoting an authority, which ex-
presses my sentiments upon the subject better
than I could do it myself. I have been challenged
by an Administration journal in this city to come
out with my real views—not by the National In-
telligencer, which is a paper conducted with equal
taste and talent, and whose editors possess charac-
teristics which command the respect and regard of
all who know them—but I repeat, I have been chal-
lenged to disclose my real views, as though I had
heretofore carefully concealed them till this time.
I have never concealed them, sir, either by writing
my far-famed letter to the Chicago Convention, or
by declining to enter into the discussion of political
subjects at Cleveland. As to the letter, the com-
ments upon which constituted the smallest game,
that was ever played by a great party, but little is
necessary to be said. I was asked to attend the
Chicago Convention, and that was all I was asked.
I said I should not go, and that was all I said: and
this direct and laconic answer has been made the
foundation of a thousand misrepresentations, as
though a refusal to attend that meeting were the ad-
verse expression of my opinion upon a great consti-
tutional question. Now, sir, I did not go for two
reasons: first, because I believed, and yet believe,
that many, not all, indeed, of those who were
concerned in this scheme, got it up for the pur-
pose of injuring Mr. Polk and the Democratic
party; and secondly, because I did not think, that
the assemblage of politicians from large districts
of country to devise plans for extensive im-
provements of this nature, where there is no true
responsibility, and where a result is too often
obtained by mutual arrangement and bargain,
would do any good. And so it proved, for who
has seen the first beneficial consequence follow
from that Convention? So much for my Chicago
letter.
But, sir, I am also accused of disingenuousness,
or of something worse upon this subject, because
at Cleveland I took refuge behind tne noise and
confusion, and withheld my opinions from the pub-
lic—and therefore again am I an enemy to all
river and harbor improvements. This is another,
not of the small things alone, but of the small false-
hoods, to which importance was attached, during
the Presidential campaign, and which is revived
and reasserted, whenever it is thought there is
a party object to be gained by it. Falsehoods
travel on rapid wings, and he who expects to over-
take them, must be fleet indeed. Mr. Jefferson
said it was better to live them down, than to write
them down. This story has been received with
all the certainty of a historical fact, and it is des-
tined to survive all refutation; and even an able
Democratic member of the House of Representa-
tives, [Mr. Morse,] in a recent discussion of this
subject in that body, seems to have taken it for
granted that this charge of the concealment of "my
views, and ofa resort to an unworthy subterfuge to
avoid their exposition, is not the mere reminiscence
of an excited political contest, but an a certained
fact, not admitting any reasonable doubt. Had he
not thought so—and it was very natural he should,
after the stereotyped reports he had seen—he is too
honorable to have introduced it upon that occasion.
I am sure he will rejoice at this substitution of
truth for falsehood. It is well, we have been told
here by hi^h authority, to vindicate the truth of
history; and in the performance of this duty, I
now state, here in my place, that there is not
one word of truth in the story. Very recently,
Governor Wood, of Ohio, a man who adorns
the high station he fills, in a letter, published
in the Union, put the seal of reprobation upon
it, by giving it a public and direct contradiction.
The story runs, that I gave as a reason for not
answering the questions of Governor Wood,
 '• ■ ■ 1.airman of a committee, respecting river
and harbor improvements, that there was too
much noise and confusion to do it. I never gave
such a reason, nor anything like it. In my letter
to Mr. Stevenson, accepting the nomination of the
Baltimore Convention, I said I should answer no
questions, upon political topics, leaving my opin-
ions to be sought in my speeches and votes and
actions,—a resolution almost indispensable under
the circumstances, if I did not intend to make pro-
fessions of political faith to every inquisitive friend
or foe, throughout the Union.
Well, sir, on my return, at more than one place
in New York, various questions of this nature
were put to me, to which I gave the uniform re-
ply, that I could not answer them, consistently
with-the course I had marked out for myself. At
Cleveland, I was asked my sentiments on the
subject of river and harbor improvements, and on
the exciting topics connected with slavery, which
then agitated the public mind. To these inquiries
I returned a similar answer; and thus you have
the history of the noise and confusion, which so
much disturbed the equanimity of our political op-
ponents, who sought nothing but the truth in all
their investigations—and now having found it
utterly reject it. It is due to my friend Governor
Wood to say, that when he put these questions
to me, he had not seen my letter avowing the
course I meant to pursue.
Now, sir, if there are any public men, who
above almost all others, could neither deny nor
conceal their opinions upon this whole subject, I
may claim to be one of them. During the Admin-
istration of General Jackson, I was at the head of
the War Department, between five and six years,
and am responsible for all the estimates sent to
Congress, and upon which the several acts of ap-
propriation for river and harbor improvements
were based; and for the two sessions of the Senate,
since I have been a member, during which bills
have passed for these objects, I have advocated
and voted for them, and stated fully and repeatedly,
as I do now, the principles of my action. Who
but the veriest tool of party, and for the worst
purpose, could represent me, under these circum-
stances, as endeavoring to conceal my views,
or to deceive the country, as to their extent or lim-
itation? The bird of the desert, that hides its head
in the sand, and strives thus to elude observation,
would be the very emblem of wisdom, when com-
pared with the efforts thus charitably attributed
to me.
Now, sir, what are my views ? And to this plain
question, I shall give an answer equally plain.
They are to be found in the paper I hold in my
hand, being an extract from the annual message
of General Jackson of 1834. I was at that time a
member of his Cabinet, and was consulted by him
in relation to this exposition of his opinions, and
I concurred in them then, and have preserved my
fealty till this day:
" There is another class of appropriations for what may
be called, without impropriety, internal improvements,
which have always been regarded as standing upon differ-
ent grounds from those to which I have referred. I allude
to such as have for their object the improvement of our
harbors, the removal of partial and temporary obstructions
in our navigable rivers, for the facility and security of our
foreign commerce. The grounds upon which I distin-
guished appropriations of this character from others have
been stated to Congress. I will now only add, that at the
first session of Congress under the new Constitution, it was
provided by law, that all expenses which should accrue
from and aft?r the 15th day of August. 17i?9, in the neces-
sary support and maintenance and repairs of all liL'ht houses,
beacons, buoys, and public piers, erected, placed, or sunk,
before the passage of the act, within any bay, inlet, harbor,
or port of th« United States, for rendering the navigation
