336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
31st Cong *2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
which could not go out, while the enemy was there,
because the guns could not be mounted, as they
would have occasioned toogrenta draught of water.
A violent storm arose, which compelled the hostile
squadron to leave the coast, and, by great energy
and activity, Commodore Perry was enabled to
get his vessels over the bar, and to embark his ;
guns and follow the enemy, and thus to gain that
splendid victory, which he fought with Spartan
courage, and reported with Spartan brevity, when
he met the enemv, and they were ours.
Anxiously did I look out for tidings of the re-
sult, for the booming cannon had told that the i
contest had gone on and was finished; and joy-
fully did I open the dispatch of the gallant com-
mander, for it was my fortune to receive it in
tile absence of General Harrison; and the shouts
of the express, as he rode through the camp
to my quarters, prepared us for the intelligence
he brought;—but what I felt when I read the
glorious letter, no tongue or pen can tell or re-
cord. It opened to us the road to the conquest of
western Canada, and to the recovery ana secu- [
rity of our own northwestern frontier. The Brit- 1
ish would otherwise have retained the command 1
of the Lake, and our whole operations would have
ended in useless and enormously expensive efforts
to invade the hostile possessions by land.
But, sir, anxious as I am, that our harbors
should be improved, still there are very objection-
able features in this bill, which I desire to see j
changed. Both the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,]
concede this, nor have I heard a single member,
who does not coincide in this opinion. No one
can doubt it. But the distinguished Senator from
Kentucky, while acknowledging this, refuses to >
admit any amendment, because, as he says, the |
House would not agree to it, and thus the bill
would be lost. No bill, he remarks, is perfect;
and we must take the good with the bad, for bet-
ter f >r worse, to use his own language, as a man
takes ins wife. This, sir, is a very strange view
of our duties, and one I entirely repudiate. Must
we take to wife the first woman we meet?
Must we take the first bill, which is sent to us?
Must we take the bad without one effort to make
it good? Do we sit here merely to register the
edicts of the House? This view of our duty
would make us legislative ciphers, more con-
temptible, indeed, than the Council of Antients, (
under the Consular or Imperial government of
France, which possessed the right to vote upon
public measures, but not to discuss them. We
should have the useless right to talk, but not the
useful right to act. I do not thus understand our |
duties. I believe it is imperative upon us to make ;
every bill as perfect as we can; not, indeed, to
adhere so tenaciously to our opinions as to refuse
to meet the House in a proper spirit of concession
in cases of difference, but never to surrender our
opinions upon the presumption, that the House
will not concur, and thus abandon our share of
legislative duty and responsibility. If this be so,
and we must pass bills just as they come to us,
because the House denies us practically any par-
ticipation in legislation, the sooner this is known j
the better, that our constituents may apply the ,
proper remedy by changing their members, or by
changing their political organization. As the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] well said, we
must not dot an i, nor cross a i, because the House i
will not permit this attack upon their authority.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky tells
us substantially, Take thisortake nothing-. Surrender
your rights and duties to the House, and record
their decrees, or we will hold you responsible to •
the country. For one, sir, I yield to no such in- ,
junctions. I take my full share of the responsi-
bility of striving to look into the principles and
facts of this bill, and to make it in conformity with
the Constitution and with the demands of just
and wholesome legislation. I would not hold a
seat here for one hour upon any other terms.
This bill, important in its amount, and still more
important in the principles it involves, was taken
up yesterday, when but three days of the session
remained, and with the authoritative annunciation
of the Senator from Kentucky, that we must take
it, and take it as it is. For myself, I acquiesce in
no such proposition. I will not thus surrender
she rights and duties of this body, and convert it
into a mere chamber for registering the decrees of
the House. But what right has the honorable
Senator to declare, that the House will reject every
amendment, and with such certainty as to leave us
no alternative between the surrender of our duty
and the loss of the bill ? No, sir; no man has
the right to urge this ground of action, or rather
of inaction, upon the American Senate. Let us
amend the bill, wherever we may think it requires
amendment, and then let us leave to the House
the discharge of its own duty, upon its own re-
sponsibility.
But, sir, are amendments necessary? I have
already said, that no one has denied this. I be-
lieve it is universally admitted, and, admitted or
not, I shall now proceed briefly to demonstrate it.
In the first place I think the amount appropri-
ated is much too large, far larger than was ever
before assigned to similar objects in one year;
and after making all just allowance for the length
of time, which has elapsed since the last appro-
priation was made, I believe the sum in this bill far
exceeds what is necessary, and that theamount can-
not be judiciously expended within the season, and
in the right place, even if all the objects were clearly
constitutional and necessary. The state of the
Treasury and the great demands already author-
ized, and the still greater ones anticipated, should
warn us to keep our expenditures within as rea-
sonable limits as possible. Many of the mem-
bers are apprehending an empty exchequer, and
I think within a day or two I heard a report read
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in which he
told us that there is already an alarming falling
offin the receipts of the year, calling for great cau-
tion in our expenditures. I did not hear the docu-
ment distinctly, but the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] who discharges
so honorably for himself, and so ably for the pub-
lic, the responsible functions which devolve upon
him, can tell us if I am right in this impression.
Mr. HUNTER.. The Senator from Michigan
asks me if the Secretary of the Treasury did not
state, in a communication to me, which has been
read here, that the receipts from customs were be-
ginning to decline. The Senator is right in his
understanding of that letter. The Secretary did so
state, and founded upon it, in part, a recommend-
ation for authority to issue five millions in stock
or Treasury notes.
Mr. CASS. So, sir, it seems that do the best we
can we are in danger of having our expenses exceed
ourincome, a situation in which this country should
never be placed, but in time of war. Members
hardly wish, either to increase the debt, or to levy
additional taxes, and the only remedy is to cur-
tail, till our outgoings and our incomings balance
each other.
But, sir, there are grave objections to this bill,
violating, as it does the established practice of the
Government, and leading to a system of appro-
Friations, without example in our legislativeannals.
twill be observed, that the practical application of
the question of appropriation for a given object
of this kind, is made up of its necessity and its
probable cost, after its constitutionality is settled.
If it does not come within the established category,
as to constitutional power and is not national in
its importance, and if it cannot be accomplished
without a sacrifice of the true principles of action,
or without an expense disproportionate to its value,
it ought to be abandoned. To ascertain its true
character, a previous examination is indispensable,
by an experienced and trustworthy officer, and
the receipt of his report, with proper plans, sur-
veys, and estimates, showing the nature of the
work contemplated,the excavation,dredging, piers,
wing dams, or whatever else is proposed, together
with an estimate of the various items in detail, and
the probable eventual cost of the work, and ex-
hibiting such topographical information as the
officer may be able to procure. Upon this system
have we proceeded, both in the legislative and
executive departments of the Government; nor
do I believe, that one single instance can be found
upon the statute book, where an appropriation
has been made, without these preliminary opera-
tions. So far as I know—and I have had my share
of experience in this work—tjiis is the first attempt
to sweep away all the means of information, as
well as all the established guards against abuse;
the first effort to induce Congress to commence a
system of appropriation, without the slightest
knowledge of the true character of the work pro-
posed, without any plan of operations, and with-
out any estimates, even the most conjectural, of
the expense, into which the Government must
be led, before the improvement is completed.
Sir, are we prepared for such a state of things?
If we are, I am sure the public is not, and we
shall receive the condemnation due to the reckless,
if not the unjust steward, if we persist in such a
course. This system, if carried out front this day,
will enable any one member of Congress to pro-
cure the insertion of any appropriation he pleas^g,
without a shadow of responsibility, and the same
privilege will pass round to any other member,
who chooses to exercise it. It is easy to see what
kind of operations, as well legislative as topo-
graphical, all this will lead to; and if it does not
explain how this bill has been passed, with its
enormous load, it must be because our mental
vision is shut in by Egyptian darkness.
I do not pretend, sir, that even the most accu-
rate surveys, and the most carefully-prepared esti-
mates, can fix with accuracy the annual or eventual
cost of a work. From the very nature of the ele-
ments, which necessarily enter into the calcula-
tion, and from the accidents of water and weather,
we must only expect a general approximation
towards the object. Still, with all these accidents,
the plan is highly useful, indispensable indeed, to
discreet legislation, as well as to faithful administra-
tion. And besides, the Department is responsible
for any gross errors, and its character is com-
'mitted to the result. But make a loose appropria-
tion, without inquiry, and who is responsible?
Years after, the Department and the Bureau, when
.you become alarmed at the consequences of your
own course,.may say, aye and would say, We
know nothing of the origin of this work. We
have only been obeying the will of Congress,
who did not ask our views upon the subject. The
fault is not ours.
It is obvious, sir, that a system thus prone to
abuse, instead of being relaxed should be sur-
rounded with still stronger barriers. The greatest
danger lies in the temptation to barter one work
for another, by which means it is not their re-
spective claims to real improvement which decides
their introduction into a bill, but the mutual sup-
port they give to each other upon the question of
its passage. One obvious remedy for this state of
things would be, to consider every object sepa-
rately, and in a bill by itself. Such, I understand
to be the requisitions of the New York constitu-
tion in similar cases, and such was the proposi-
tion of a Senator from that State, made when
he was the chairman of our Committee on Com-
merce, and now retired to private life. Another
check would be, by including new and old works
in separate bills, and also by grouping together the
several objects proposed for the various great sec-
tions of our country, for the Atlantic coast, for in-
stance, the Mississippi valley, the great lakes, and
the Pacific coast, and providing for them in differ-
ent bills. I am confident we mustadopt somesuch
plan, and the very first time the subject comes up,
this modification, in one or another of these forms,
shall receive my cordial support. Without it, I
shall vote, if at all, with great reluctance. This
will open the way for cautious and discreet legisla-
tion, and I wish the Administration would send us
the next estimates, with some such classification.
A slight analysis of this bill will show how
lamentably deficient it is in all practical checks,
and how utterly it sets at naught the established
policy of the Government.
[The following abstract was prepared before the
discussion, and some of the facts were referred
to in the Senate. It was not read, however, but
it is introduced here as furnishing necessary in-
formation:]
The regular estimates of the Department, upon
which we are now acting, were submitted in De-
cember, 1849. Not having been acted on, they
were referred to in the report of December, 1850,
as then presenting the views of the Department,
wjth only two exceptions, one at Milwaukie, and
the other at Racine, both of which, in consequence
of a severe storm, require, as the local engineer
said, " some addition to the estimates."
The amount thus asked for in the annual report
of the Department is $1,035,000
