1351.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Eivtrig.
Price $ I 50 for this Session.
The amount included in the bill be- !
fore the Senate is. 2,337,000 '
Being an excess beyond the demands j
of the Department of.  1,302,000
And how is this excess created ?
1st. By the addition of various sums
to the several objects recommended by
the Department, which had stated the
amounts it needed, and to which addi-
tions are made by the action of the
committee upon their own responsibili-
ty, varying from $36,000 in one case to
smaller sums in other cases, but' produ-
cing an aggregate of      324,000
2d. By increasing the number of the
objects, without previously consulting
the Department, so far as the documents
show, in any case, and without consult-
ing it at all in other important cases, to
the amount of . $978,000
The number of the various objects of appropri-
ation estimated for and asked by the Department,
including dredge boats, is 44
The number added by the committtee is.... 52
9G
An improvement in Florida left out  1
Making the whole number in the bill 95
In September, 1850, the Committee of Com-
merce of the House, after preparing their bill,
sent a copy of it to the War Department, and re-
ceived the remarks of the Colonel of Topographical
Engineers upon the various items it contained, most
of which he approves, and thinks the proposed
additional sums can be properly expended. It is
not a little remarkable, however, that we have not .
a word from the Secretary of War upon the sub- j
ject. His letter, if he wrote one, is not given. J
His sanction is not here. The responsibility of i
the Administration for these changed appropri-*1
ations, we have not received.
Nor is it less remarkable, that not a single
change was made in the bill, so far as appears, to
accommodate it to the report of the chief engineer
in those cases where he disavows all knowledge
of the work, and in others where he speaks with
much doubt, either as to the work itself, or the
amount proposed, presuming instead of estimating,
-as well as where he considers preliminary surveys
necessary. It does not appear that his remarks
caused the slightest change.* But nothing can
place in a more striking light the dangerous tend-
ency of this procedure than some of the observa-
tions made upon the bill by the Chief of the
H^estates that there are three of the objects of
which he knows nothing.
Of one, that the precise plan and objects are
unknown, but that the amount, $20,000, is proba-
bly adequate for the fiscal year.
Of another, that the Department is not aware
of the plan or authority, but that the amount in
the bill, $30,000, is adequate to the accomplish-
ment of much work, and would do it well.
. Of another, that as a question of harbor im-
provement it is unknown. Still the appropria-
tion, $25,000, is carefully preserved.
In another, $25,000 are appropriated for work,
though the bureau contemplated at the next ses-
sion to present a more connected system, and a
regularly-digested plan, &c.
Of another, that if the work is as formerly con-
templated, (showing how vaguely the matter is
left,) the amount, $13,000, is adequate, but that a
most careful preliminary examination should be
made before any other work is commenced.
Of another, that prerttming (whence the pre-
sumption comes is not stated) this to be in continua-
tion of former works, the amount, $16,000, is
sufficient for the year.
Of another, that the Bureau is not informed on
the subject. The plans and estimates, whatever
they may be, are not the result of operations there.
Notwithstanding the appropriation, $20,000, is yet
in the bill.
Of another, that the surveys are an essential to
any preliminary measure.
* I have since learned from undoubted authority, that
these remarks were merely intended by the committee of
the House to communicate additional information to c a-
great, without assuming an official character.
New Series—No. 22.
That of another, no survey has been made since
1830.
But the most dangerous innovation upon our
system remains yet to be noticed. There are
nine objects appropriated for in this bill, for which
we have not a single word from the War Depart-
ment.
The amount of the work to be thus provided for,
without the shadow of authority or responsibility,
without surveys, plans, or estimates, and without
the least knowledge of their true condition, so far
as we know, is $385,000
Nothing exhibits the uncertainty of all this mat-
ter better than the reference of the cliief engineer
to lines 142, 144,148, 150, applied to the bill be-
fore us. This bill came to us from the House,
and with it we have the remarks of the chief en-
gineer, with which we have been comparing it.
He refers to the objects of the bill by the number
of lines, and among these are the following:
The improvement of the Ohio river above the fells at
Louisville   $80,000 .
The improvement of the Mississippi river be-
low the rapids, the Ohio below the falls at Louis- \ t
ville, and the Missouri and Arkansas rivers  340,000
And for the Illinois and Tennessee rivers,
$50,000 each  100,000
The improvement of the Red river  80,000
Now, sir, who would dare even to conjecture
that two of the important objects in these lines,
the improvement of the Tennessee and of the Illi-
nois, were not there, when the engineer made his
report, and to which of course ne had not the
slightest reference? . i
And yet, so it is. The report was made in ref- i
erence to the first bill of the House, for which that
before us was substituted; and thus the engineer
appears to sanction what ne had not seen, and to
j speak of two of the works, those for the improve-
' ment of the Tennessee and of the Illinois, "as
j old and well known subjects," though not a dollar
; had ever been expended upon either, under the
1 authority of the General Government. And well,
i therefore, may the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase]
have corrected what he supposed an error, when
it was said that these two objects had not been
sanctioned by die Department. He turned to
this part of the report in support of his views, but
after all he was wrong. And yet, with all these
proofs and sources of error, we are required to
push this bill through unchanged and instantly.
[The above abstract was hastily prepared, and its
calculations may not be accurate, though they are
enough so for the support of the general conclu-
sions. Mr. Cass has been told, since the session,
that there was a mass of papers before the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the House, and reported
back to their Clerk, where they yet remain, un-
known to the Senate or a single member of it.
Not the most distant allusion was made to them,
■ and, whatever may be their contents, they could
not influence the action of the Senate or of the
House. The abstract is prepared from the offi-
cial papers, and the course of both branches must
be judged by them.]
Now, sir, I would not have it supposed for a
moment, that in any of these remarks, I intend to
cast the slightest censure upon the Colonel of the
I Topographical Corps. I know him well, and a
I more intelligent, able, or faithful officer, this Gov-
ernment has not in its service. I say of him what
l I know of him. His report to the committee was
hastily prepared, and consists, not of his own
original views, but of comments in aome measure
upon theirs, to guide them in their actions in cases
of which they had assumed the responsibility.
But this exposition was necessary to sh«w the'
1 tendency of this new system, which reverses the
natural order of things by taking possession of
the object first and seeking a reason for it after-
J wards. And the chairman of the committee,
| whom I have known from his youth, and known
1 only to respect and esteem, and who has a hered-
, itary claim to my regard as the son of one of my
i most valued friends, possessing the noblest attn-
butes of an American statesman, had a difficult
and laborious task in recommencing these appro-
priations, after they had been suspended for seven
I years, and when the pressure for their intro-
duction was greater than it ever was, and the true
facts more difficult to obtain. Difficulties, under
such eircumstanc.es, were not only to be anticipa-
' ted, but were unavoidable.
The reported circumstances, attending the in-
troduction of some of these objects into the bill,
are worthy of consideration, as ascertaining the
causes of its progress and success. Two of them
are for the improvement of the Tennessee and of
the Illinois rivers. The former, one of the great
streams of our country, watering a most extensive
region, and the latter even now a very important
avenue of commercial intercourse, and from its
position destined ere long to rival the Hudson
itself, in value, as a means of intercourse, almost
equally valuable to the East and to the West.
Well, sir, when and how did these objects get
into the bill ? It has been said here, that it was
upon the eve of its passage, and when, as we have
heard stated, it could not pass without calling for
; additional aid, which was obtained by the intro-
. duction of these and some six or seven other kin-
dred objects.
Now, sir, I do not mean to decide that these
items, or any of them, are not proper in them-
selves, when brought forward in a proper way
and with the usual checks, and the necessary time
' for examination. Those are.questions to be de-
cided, when they come up. Neither do I inti-
mate that those who urged them*were not satisfied
of their just claims to improvement.
But what I do object to most strenuously is,
that we should be called on to pass them, under
these circumstances of total ignorance, and thus
> introduce a system which will prostrate every
barrier against improper expenditures, and will
lead to a mode of legislation, whose consequences,
involving such a vast variety of pressing local
I interests, are too obvious to need any severe in-
vestigation. Who asked for these new objects, or
for the increase of the old ones ? Where are the
petitioners? Who surveyed these rivers? Where
j are the surveys? Who estimated for them?
i Where are the estimates? The amendment we
j have already made to the Tennessee appropria-
I tion shows the utter deficiency of all correct in-
formation upon this subject. In the bill, as it
1 stood, the amount was to be expended upon any
part of the Tennessee river. We have confined
rt to a very small portion, upon conflicting rep-
resentations, made here, without the sight of
a single document, showing the true charac-
ter of the object, or the nature of the work, in
whole or in part. The War Department has
I not asked for these appropriations. We have not
a word from it in relation to them. We have
passed by all the usual sources of information,
and all the usual checks to hasty and improper
: legislation and now find $100,000, near $400,000
indeed, including all the items liable to those ob-
jections, for a commencement, and leading to count-
less millions, it may be before the works, thus be-
gun, are completed. Now, sir, I cannot sanction
1 this dangerous system, and I am not willing, for
one, to introduce it, leaving Congress destitute of
i all information and the Executive of all just re-
sponsibility
| M . EWING. I have but a few words to say,
: and I regret to take up the time of the Senate to
say what little I deem necessary. I was sorry to
hear opinions urged by some Senators from the
West, contrary, as I think, to sound principles of
political law, and certainly greatly at war with
the interests of the Western country, deduced as
I suppose from a view of the subject very natural
to us, but at the same time not correct in princi-
ple.
Mr. President, we derive our notions, our com-
mercial notions more especially, from the country
from which we derive most of our laws—an insu-
, lar country. The general principle that there ap-
, | plies to rivers and harbors an admiralty jurisdic-
; tion is sufficiently well adapted to an island, but
not to a great continent. Admiralty jurisdiction
, in England extends only as far as the tide ebbs
and flows, and that only in three rivers which are
I called royal rivers—the Thames, the Severn, and
i the Humber. They have no other rivers that are
! | navigable, even to the extent of the tide, and these
1 rivers are in fact navigable no further than the
! tide ebbs and flows. There is the whole secret of
< the limitation of national jurisdiction to the flow-
ing and ebbing of the tide. Nothing of the kind
ji applies to the Mediterranean. The Roman law,
|! which is by inheritance the law of continental
ii Europe, could have no such limitation, because
