333
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Davis of Miss, and Mr. Eiving.
[March ],
Senate.
there is in effect no tide on the Mediterranean,
which was the sea they chiefly navigated. It ap-
plies merely to England and its adjacent islands,
and nowhere else. Some of our politicians have
adopted it; and are in the habit of thinking, with-
out knowing why, that the United States cannot
improve the navigation of a river or a harbor unless
it be where the tide ebbs and flows. Others are
of opinion that you can improve as far as salt
water extends, but no further. In England and
in the United States this is nearly conterminous
with the tide. Not so in Europe, for the Mediter-
ranean, which has scarce a perceptible tide, is a
very salt sea. But if you go to the Black sea,
■which is about one third as large as the Mediter-
ranean itself, there is 110 salt water nor tide. The
same is the case with our great lakes, all of them
together not covering, it is true, as much space as
the Black sea, but affording a vastly larger extent
of navigation—having much more coast. Now,
for every sensible and practical purpose, it is
wholly unimportant whether the tide ebbs and
flows or not, and whether you have salt water or
fresh. Practically it is a mere question of naviga-
tion—whether you have navigation; and whether
upon that navigable water you have commerce
with foreign nations or between the States which
Congress has power to regulate and protect—that
is all. Our lakes are just as much entitled to im-
provement, they are as much navigable, we hold
intercourse upon them just as if their waters were
salt, and the tide ebbed and flowed upon them.
And there is the same reason for improving the
harbors upon the lakes that there is for improving
the harbors upon the ocean. I can find no ground
of distinction whatever between them, and there ,
surely is none, when we look at this matter in a 1
sound and practical point of view, forgetting our |
previous notions, derived from an island totally
dissimilar in character from the country which we
now inhabit.
Then, when you come to our great western
rivers, what are they? What is the Mississippi !
river but a great inland sea, with two coasts in- ,
stead of one? "What is the difference between '
that and the Atlantic ocean, so far as navigation j
is concerned, except that we have two lines of
coast instead of a single line? That is all the dif-
ference; and the improvement of the channel of
that river, or a navigable arm of that river, is as
just in principle as the improvement of the harbor
of an extended ocean. Then, connected with the
Mississippi, there are very large rivers, of great
length, many of them recognized by the ordinance 1
of 1787 as navigable, needing improvement, it is
true, but with the aid of some improvement, safely
and for a great distance navigable in fact. The
Tennessee river—the appropriation for which, in
the estimation of some gentlemen, is supposed to i
make this bill unconstitutional—is one amon  the
most iniportunt of these confluents; and it is prac-
tically of no importance whether it flows through i
one, two, or three States. It is a branch of t?ie
Ohio river, which is a branch of the Mississippi;
and the three rivers connected together make the
outlet of a great extent of country. Now, it is
admitted there may be improvement in the Hud-
son river to Albany. It is constitutional and
right that we should improve that. And why ?
The tide ebbs and flows in it, and it opens into
the ocean. Indeed ! is it better that it flows at
once into the ocean; is it more entitled to improve-
ment than if it flowed into the Mississippi which
flows into the ocean? Not a whit. You are to
improve the navigation of the Hudson because
you in that manner communicate with the ocean.
Why not improve the navigation of the Tennes-
see river, which opens through the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi to the ocean ?
Mr. President, something lias been said about
the comparative commerce of these western waters
with that on the Atlantic seaboard. If my mem-
ory is right upon the subject, the amount of actual
commerce upon the Mississippi is equal, if not
superior, to that from all our ports upon the sea-
coast with the single exception of New York,
which draws a very large portion of its exports
imm the lake country, which is included in the
West. The tonnage approaches very near to our
loreign tonnage; and when we reflect that the ton-
nage upon the western waters is steamboat ton-
age, and that one ton of shipping propelled bv i
steam is equal in effect to several tons of sailing
vessels, we may surely set down the tonnage upon
the western waters as equal to that of the whole
seacoast. Taking these things into consideration,
I do not think there are any of these western wa-
ters which it is proposed to improve that do not
' come strictly within the system which we have
heretofore generally sustained.
Something is said about estimates. It is said
you must get an estimate, and know just what it
is you are going to do before you improve. Why,
how can you estimate the expense of taking snags
out of the Mississippi? You know the work
ought to be done, no matter what it may cost.
They are coming in day after day, month after
month, and year after year; they are destructive
to human life, destructive to property, and they
ought to be removed. You will build a light-
house to guard your sea-going vessels from wreck
upon a rock or shoal, and why not extract a snag
from the Mississippi river in order to preserve
your steamboats from wreck ? Take the Arkansas
river. Take the Tennessee river. There are ob-
structions in them similar to the obstructions in the
Mississippi. In the Arkansas, particularly, there
are many such obstructions. In improvements
such as this we can have no estimate approaching
accuracy as to what is required. If the Depart-
ment send us an estimate it must be a mere con-
jecture. They suppose a given sum is necessary,
that is all; and we can as well suppose as they.
I know not whether there are or are not any cases
here requiring an' estimate in which an estimate
has not been made.
I could not but observe that the objection taken
by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] to
one of these appropriations was aremarkable one.
He says you may not improve without an esti-
mate. Well, there is an appropriation in the bill
for a survey and an estimate of the cost of im-
proving the UpnerMississippi; and he relies upon
that as tne strongest possible case of abuse, and 1
declares it is utterly at variance with the Constitu-
tion. You may not make an appropriation to make j
a survey (without attempting any improvement)
of the Mississippi above the Falls of St. Anthony,
though its whole course is through a territory of
the United States, and through the public lands.
1 think there is nothing in the bill which should •
forbid us to pass it just as it is, or nearly as it is.
If there be anything not well judged in it, I should
be glad to remove it; but it is probably the better
policy, as suggested by the honoruale Senator
from Kentucky, to take the bill with the great
good and the little evil there is in it, pass it, and
give the country the benefit of what has been so
long withheld.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We are indebted
to the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] for having
at last located this vagrant power of the Federal
Government to make internal improvements with-
in the States. Formerly we had frequent contro-
versies? as to what clause of the Constitution it
should be drawn from. The Senator from Ohio
at last shows that the opposition to it is the only
matter to be traced, and that we inherit that as in-
sular prejudice from England. With a single
bound he passes to the conclusion that the power
is inherent, and only waited to be exercised until
the prejudice should be removed. He has not
thought it necessary, nor did those who preceded
him 011 the same side of the question, to show any
power granted in the Constitution of the United
States to make these works of internal improve- |
ment. He does not, neither did they, refer it to :
any sjftcific grant. We have reference made to I
precedents and the opinions of many who have in |
times past administered the Government. But if |
there be anything more indisputable in our Gov- j
eminent than all else, it is tlmt it rests for all its
powers upon a written Constitution—a charter of
grants, limitations, and prohibitions.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, one word, if
the Senator will allow me. I wish to suggest that
I did not trace the power to the Constitution. I
\yas not denouncing the objections of those who
believe that the Constitution gives 110 power at all.
I had not a word to say to them, but to some gen-
tlemen who concur with me in the opinion that
the Government posseeses the power, but that it
extends only thus p.nd thus in certain particular
cases,
I Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator says
! he was only addressing those who conceded the
power. It. was not necessary for the Senator to
argue with them. They presented nothing for
him to combat. They had no prejudice which he
was called upon to overturn. If they agreed with
him, and it was a mere controversy as to who
should have the appropriation, at whose feet the
spoils of the foray should be laid, I could have
. understood a different argument, but cannot in this
light see the application of that which lie made.
He attempted by argument to show why we pos-
sess the power, and says he addressed that argu-
ment to those who did' not deny it. He will, I
hope, excuse me fornot supposing he had devoted
himself to a labor so wholly superfluous.
But the Senator says we derive our opinions
from the insular condition of Great Britain. The
opinions which we should entertain on a ques-
tion of constitutional power, or even of pub-
lic policy, are, or rather should be, drawn from
the letter of our authority and the genius of the
institutions which preexisted, and which it was
designed to secure and perpetuate by the Union.
When the colonies achieved their independence
and became States united, they formed a Govern-
ment for purposes common to them all, and gave
to it as the agent of the States certain specific enu-
merated powers, and reserved all else to the States
and the people. It has no right then to exercise
any other power than such as they granted ex-
pressly by the Constitution. We have a right to
claim of those gentlemen who entertain the opin-
ion declared by the Senator from Ohio that they
shall locate it upon a particular grant, that they
shall show whence they derive the power. They
are not here to remould or alter the Constitution,
but are or should be engaged in guarding and exe-
1 cuting its written provisions. They are bound in
" fairness not to assume a conclusion, but to reason
( up to it, and let those who differ from them know
I upon what basis their opinion rests.
| At the formation of our Constitution, and from
1 that day to this, the people of the United States
have been divided into two political sects—one
contending for a latitudinous, and the other a rigid
construction of the instrument. I belong to those
who, as a party, claim to have adhered to the creed
of strict construction. If there have been occa;-
sional departures from it, if it be avoided now, yet,
convinced of its truth, I will not despair of its
final success, but hopefully look out from the
gloom of the hour. The distinguished Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay} congratulated the De-
mocracy upon the liberal spirit they had evinced
upon this occasion—that is to say, he congratu-
lated the Democracy upon that surrender of their
own well-known opinions which brings them into
coincidence with his. If it may be permitted to
one so obscure as he who addresses you, in like
manner to congratulate those upon the other side,
then I have to express the great pleasure I derived
from the remarks of the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Dawson.] If Democrats have adopted the
creed of the influential Senator from Kentucky
who congratulated them this morning upon the
happy conjunction, I trust we shairreceive an
equivalent in Whigs who come to the rescue in
this unpropitious moment, and rally under the
banner of a strict construction of the Constitution.
I heard his remark as the harbinger of brighter
hopes than I entertained when the bill was taken
up this morning. It was welcome as the fountain
in the desert to the desponding traveler, or the
! smoke which directs the wanderer in the wilder-
ness to the shelter of a cottage, and assures him
he is not wholly alone. I trust that he isf though
the first, not the last,, who will come to our aid;
that many others of his political creed will join us
< on this great time-honored principle, instead of at-
tempting to uphold the trembling platforms de-
signed by political jugglers, and constructed by
party conventions to serve as a stage for some
puppet of the day.
But we have been told that the large appropria-
tions contained in this bill are required, because
of the neglect of this duty for the past three or
four years. In other words, it is because we
have had a Democratic President, who woiffd not
approve of bills to charge the United States Treas-
ury with supplying means for the improvement
1 of rivers and th# construction of harbors. If that
