1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Cass and Davis of Mississippi. Senate.
is admitted to have been a neglect of duty, then it
must be conceded that the first clement of our creed !
is wrong; but who shall judge ? How often during
the existence ol' this Confederacy have those en-
tertaining an opposite opinion held the Executive
power; and in what portion of the time has it been
assigned by the people to those who contend for
the strict construction of the Constitution ? The
■very distinguished representative of that creed,
our last Democratic President, is charged with
neglect of duly foHiavtng checked appropriations
for internal improvements. In Democratic Ad-
ministrations, it is true that improvements in riv-
ers and harbors have been made; but it is to be |
remembered that they have always been those
who have sought to curtail such expenditures. It
has been stated that large appropriations were
made during the administration of General Jack-
son; but it will be recollected that it was in that
Administration that the celebrated Maysville road
bill fell—the first great blow struck at the system,
then increasing so rapidly that it threatened to
cover this whole land as a deadly contagion. It
was thus arrested then, and the people approved
the act. Are they more dependent or less true to
principle now?
I have no fear of any of that popular uprising
in the great valley of the Mississippi which has
been spoken of. I have no dread that the people
of the extreme West will trample down the ob-
struction to their wish which constitutionally the
Congress may throw in their way. I have no
such fears as have been expressed either by the
Senators from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] or Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Borland.] This, sir, is the cry of
disappointment, not the voice of prophecy. Nor,
sir, is it quite new to my ears, or- to yours, Mr.
President. We heard it when we were members
of the other House. I heard this prophecy in re-j
lation to the West, when we were considering the"
river and harbor bill in 1846, as boldly and broadly
stated as it is now. I did not believe it then.
That bill, with all its abominations, passed both
Houses of Congress, and received the veto of the
President; and his interposition met the concur-
rence of a large majority in the country. Then,
sir, I had occasion to speak of the foretold uprising
of the West in opposition to the action of Con-
gress; and here is what I said:
u In the course of this discussion, we have repeatedly
been told that interna! improvements by the Federal Gov-
ernment were necessary to cement our Union; and the
gcotlemanfrom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] ingeniously
inquires, if appropriations for internal improvements be de-
nied, wliat can the West receive ? I answer, that which is
vastly more important to an agricultural exporting people—
exemption from the onerous taxation necessary to sustain
the vast expenditures of such a system; relief from the op-
pressive duties which have enriched his more peculiar
fricudsatthe expense of the South and West; with that
which is above all computation, the preservation of our re-
publican Constitution from the corrupting tendency of such
a system.
•'"Plundered in the collection, neglected in the distribu-
tion of your treasure, the southwestern and western States
Itave passed from infancy to manhood, their attachment to
the* Union growing with their growth; and now it is pro-
posed, by works of internal improvement, to bind tiiem to
(he Confederation. Sir, they need no bonds save those of
fraternal feeling; these natural causes will preserve; these,
ui(Constitutional infringement only can destroy. Let those
who have love for the Union on their lips cease from per-
1>etratin? acts effective for ttsdissolution. * * *
" If, from my observation «n different portion^of our
Union, I were to decide on the law of its attraction , I should
say it was the reverse of gravitation, and varied directly as
the square of the distance from the centre. The extent of
our Union has never been to me the cause of apprehension;
its cohesion can only be disturbed by the violation of the
compact nhich cements it.
" State sovereignty, nnshorn of its attributes, and private
interests freed from nndue interference, mutual advantage
must bind the people of our Confederacy perpetually to-
gether.
" As nature and the necessities of commerce may direct,
those immediately concerned will multiply and extend the
channels of communication. To individual and local ad-
vancement will be added the fruits of harmony and general
prosperity. If, otherwise, a system of internal improve-
ment should be attempted by the Federal Government, er-
ror and misdirection in appropriations may be expected
constantly to occur, whilst corruption and dissension will
attend the division of the spoil, wrong from taxed and toil-
ing millions tor work* unconnected, it may be antagonist to
their individual fflterest. The means thus proposed to pre-
serve our Union, will more probably generate disaffection
and discord; like the teeth of the dragon, have an offspring
for family strife and destruction."
I entertain the same opinion now. We of the
valley of the Mississippi, possessing a country
capable of sustaining the greatest empire the world
has ever seen, its natural channel of communica-
tion binding the whole together, from the snow- |j
covered mountains until it rises to the tropical i1
region where it debouches into the gulf, liaveacom- !
merce, quite competent, if left to ourselves, to i
effect all the improvements we desire without feel-
ing the burdens which they would impose. Tax I
us not for other and less important objects. Give
us merely the right to lay for our own objects a
tonnage duty, and all that we require can be done [
at an expense so small in proportion to the com-
merce interested that we will only be conscious of i
the relief produced by the removal of your weight j
from our shoulders.
I now turn for a moment to the position taken ,
by the distinguished Senator from Michigan, that
the appropriations for the Mississippi river are
rendered constitutional by the great extent of coun- j
try drained by its tributaries; that it becomes na- '
tional because ramified through a great number of
States, and accommodating a great number of
people. If this be so, and if we may appropriate
money for anything which involves the interests
of a great number of persons, why might we not
appropriate money to improve the culture of wheat,
of corn, or of cotton? If it be the nurhber of per- \
sons interested, rather than the letter of the Con-
stitution which is to decide, then it follows that
the interest being sufficiently large to exercise a
controlling power, the compact is silenced by the
voice of the multitude, and the •minority are bound
as such to contribute to the support of the major-
ity, because it is great. This, sir, is the reverse
of the principles not only of our Government, but ■
of all sound theory of social and political organi- ■
zation. Individual and State associations are in- T
stituted not for the advantage of the strong but ,
for the protection of the weak; not to give him
who already has an abundance, but to t secure to
him who has little, that which he has. This is
the great object of human government; and the
principle here asserted seems to me to be not only
violative of this object, but of all fixed principles ,
of justice between man and his fellow-man.
I recollect that on a former occasion I argued
what I considered the constitutional point involved
in a grant of land for the benefit of a particular
class of indigents, and that then it was said by a |
Senator that he had heard that argument thirty or ;|
forty times. I cannot, thus admonished, fail to
remember that I am now addressing to the Senate !|
arguments which all of them have heard fre-
quently, and which I regret have been so little
heeded. I shall not dwell upon them, because I
feel that it would be a useless and unwelcome tax;
I still I cannot pass them by, because I hold it to
be a high and holy duty to repeat them under cir-
. cumstances such as surround me. In keeping
with the argument to which I have just referred, j
the Senator from Michigan excepted roads and j i
canals, butadmittedriversandharbors. Why? j!
Mr. CASS. Some rivers and harbors.
Mr. DAVIS. What rivers and harbors? The
rule of nationality, as it is now contended for, is ,
that which makes everything national for which ,
a sufficient number of votes can be obtained. It
is useless to attempt to define by the size of the j!
river; it is useless to attempt to define by its com- j
merce; it is useless to attempt to define by its
length; the fact meets us that no one object is
presented on its single merit. All are combined .
by the common interest they have in obtaining ,
money from the Treasury, a harmonious whole
for the benefit of each. If, thus acting and re- j
acting on each other, they can command a suffi-
cient number of votes, then each, without refer-
ence to its connection with the general good,
straightway becomes national. If a river runs
through a single State, that State has entire jurisdic-
tion over it. Any argument against a canal or a
railroad equally applies to a river so situated.
What argument can be adduced which will not i
equally apply to a river as to a road running
through a State of the Union? If there is any,
and I hear it, I will endeavor to answer it.
This bill contains some old acquaintances of
mine. I see here the same old points, Big and
Little Sodus, and Chicago, <&«., some forty-five
in number, which we discussed in 1846. Now,
as then, I presume, we shall be assured that the
proposed appropriations wilHie sufficient to make
the improvement required at the places named.
Now I had to answer this assurance by showing
that these large appropriations had already been
made, and large appropriations were expected to
follow, and I read from the reportof the Secretary
of War on tlrnt occasion in support of what I said.
The longer the delay the greater the ultimate
cost, is the rule; and it will go on increasing so
long as local interests may be encouraged to look
to the United States Treasury for support.
Now, in relation to Chicago, what defence is to
be set up for that appropriation ? What, I ask,
but the fact that there is a large commercial inter-
est which goes out of and comes into Chicago ?
What have the United States to do with the har-
bor at Chicago ? What interest, common to all
the people of the United States, can be subserved
by the improvement of the harbor at Chicago ?
Can it be pretended that it will ever serve as p
harbor of refuge for naval forces on the Lakes ?
My honorable friend from Michigan knows its po-
sition too well to make that argument. Will it be
pretended that the extension of the pier will arrest
the necessity for further appropriations at that
place? He knows that lake too well to believe it.
He knows the facts, the locality, and the history
of this improvement too well to assert it. He
knows that the detritus drifting from the north-
west, or from the head of the lake, are thrown on
the pier projecting from the shore, and will con-
tinue to form a bar just so far as you extend the
pier into the lake. There is no end to it until it
becomes a wall, stretching from shore to shore.
He knows that a vessel driven as far as Chicago
by stress of weather, by the gales which always
come from the northwest, would in vain endeavor
to make that harbor. It is of no use to construct
a harbor of refuge at Chicago. A harbor of ref-
uge, if one is required, must be built at or near the
end of the lake. Is it proposed to construct one
there? No, no; there is no local interest there to
demand it, and the general interest, if there be any
involved, is forgotten. I will not deny that we
require harbors for the use of our Navy upon the
lakes. But these harbors should be put where na-
ture has not supplied them, and where they are
required for naval purposes. They would be
made for national defence, and not in relation to
the interests of commerce. Now, I ask any man
who knows those lakes to lay his finger upon any
appropriation which provides for such a harbor of
refuge, which is not dictated by the interests on
shore, the population and products of the adjacent
country.
1 will not go over these points. They have been
discussed in the House, and I suppose they have
been examined by Senators; but I will content
myself with saying, one after another these objec-
tiens can be multiplied, until they force the con-
clusion upon the least credulous that these appro-
priations are to be made for local interests, distrib-
uted so as to pass the bill, involving the people of
some ninety different Congressional districts in the
benefits which are to result from this appropriation
act. I have no new opinion to express upon that
point. If the Senate will hear me, I will there-
fore read what I have before said upon it:
" The Mississippi is the natural channel of the present
'West;' its thousand feeders, stretching to the right and
left, nature designed should gather into this great channel
the immeasurable products of the region which it drains.
Every work of art which draws a portion of the products
from those natural means of transportation is so much taken
from the West for Eastern interests. Thus, sir, I hold
these hike improvements are works for the St. Lawrence
and the Hudson rather than for the Mississippi. Was it
not enough that we sliouhl see part of the power which na-
ture designed we should possess transferred by art into the
hands of others ? Was it not enough that we should b«
taxed to construct the works which were to injure us ? But
| must we also hear that these tilings are done for our own
peculinr benefit ?
" I do not complain that the measures necessary for the
] Southwest have been omitted in this bill; we only ask for
such as are constitutional and useful to extended interests;
such as have merits of their own on which to rest, and
deserve better company than such a motley group as this.
" I had the honor to present, a few days since, a memo-
rial from the Legislature of my State for the removal of ob-
structions interposed by the agency of the Federal Govern-
1 ment to an important natural navigation. Believing the ob-
ject constitutional, and that the demand is just and proper,
hereafter I design to ask an appropriation for it."
[A member from his seat here said: " Will you vote for
the lake appropriation ?"] .
" Sir, I make no terms—I accept no compromises. It,
when I ask for an appropriation, the object shall be shown
to be proper, and the expenditure constitutional, I defy the
gentleman, for his conscience sake, to vote against it. If
it shall appear to him otherwise, then I-expect his opposi-
I tion, and only ask that it shall be directly, fairly, and openly
