340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March I,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Davis of Mississippi.
Senate.
exerted. The case shall be presented on its single merit.
Oij that i wish it to stand or fall.
i( I l'eel, sir, that I am incapable of sectional distinctions
upon such subjects. I abhor and reject all interested com-
binations."
I hold now, as then, that if there be an object
which justifies an appropriation it should be pre-
sented singly. It should be made the subject of a
separate bill, to be voted upon in relation to its
own individual merits, and so to stand or fall. Not
to be woven in with something else to which it
bears no just relation, that uncongenial and per-
haps opposing interests may be brought together.
One member concedes his opinion here, and an-
other there, and thus the two unite in passing a
bill which neither approves.
These appropriations are made from money
raised by general taxation; raised under a power
given to provide for the execution of other grants
conferred for the common defence, the general wel-
fare, and to pay the debts of the United States;
raised by general taxation, which taxation we
have only a right to levy for the objects enumer-
ated in the Constitution. It is now proposed to
make of the money thus collected a partial distri-
bution. It is partial and unjust, because it is for
private advantage, and it is proposed that those
who are to receive shall not be those who pay; but
that the whole community shall be taxed in order
that local appropriations may be made for the ben-
efit of a portion of the community, whether it be
in the increase of their commerce or by the mere
expenditure of money itself. This is with me an
objection which goes to the principle of this and
all similar bills.
But further: this is a proposition which author-
izes the Federal Government to invade the State
authority. It makes no restriction, as was sug-
gested by Mr. Monroe, in reference to obtaining
the consent of the State. It is to go into a State
and make what the General Government choose
to call an improvement, whether it be desirable to
that State or not. Worse still, if possible; it is
to disregard your treaty obligations with Mexico;
for it makes an appropriation to improve the Rio
Grande, a river common to this country and to
Mexico, and the boundary between them, and the
improvement of which can only be made by the
consent of both Governments. An obligation the
more worthy of consideration because of the dif-
ferent modes of using the stream by the two peo-
ple, and because that which may be done under
the belief that it would be an improvement, might
be the destruction of the navigation, and subver-
sive of the interests and rights of Mexico. Have
you made surveys of that river? Have you ex-
amined the formation of its banks? Have you
sounded the stream, to tell what will be the result
of removing natural dams? Have you measured
the velocity of the stream and ascertained what
will be the consequence of changes to suit our
mode of navigation ? We are asked to go blindly
into this appropriation for the improvement of a
river we have no right to interfere with, save with
the consent of Mexico, the joint owner of that
navigation. You have made a calculation on the
consent of the States; but it may be that the States
will not consent, that some of them will regard it
as an invasion. But if it be otherwise, their con-
sent cannot enlarge our powers, and we are the
more called on to maintain the Constitution in pro-
portion as others are incautious; it is thus that
precedents are established, and dangerous viola-
tions of the Constitution so frequently arise.
There can be no greater power on the part of this
Government over a river which lies within the
limits of a State, to remove a sandbar or to take
away a natural dam, than there can be within the
limits of the State to dig a canal or to build a road.
It may be that the most vital interests of that
State are connected with the obstruction which
you propose to remove, for it may be connected
with a fishery or peculiar navigation which is the
source of their wealth; or it may be essential for
the support of extensive manufacturing communi-
ties. It is one of the most difficult problems in
engineering to foresee all the consequences of ma-
king a change in the bed of a stream. It may be
that in endeavoring to remove an impediment
which operates as a natural dam, you will drain
the pool, and destroy the whole of the navigation
upon the river above it.
These are local interests, which may safelv be
left to the people who live upon these streams.
: These are local works, which can be most eco-
nomically achieved by those directly connected
with thein.
i I do 'not wish to be understood as opposing the
improvement of rivers and harbors, nor the ma-
king of canals and roads. I am opposed to such ,
works by the Federal Government, save where
required for the use of the Army or the Navy, and
authorized by the grant for military purposes-;.
You have a right upon the seaboard or upon the
lakes to construct harbors necessary for your
navy and the national defence. You have a right,
for a military object, to make the necessary roads
and improvements in rivers. This is a grant nar-
rowly limited and doubly restricted; the right ter-
minates with the necessity of exercising it upon
the part of the Federal Government, The mo-
ment a sufficient population has assembled there
to take upon themselves the responsibilities and j
duties of a State, the necessity for military defence ,
passes away, ^except so far as it may form a part ;
, of our national frontier. It is only in its wilder-
ness condition that the necessity exisis, and it has !
been properly extended in the Territories to a j
limit beyond that recognized as allowable within
the States.
I am in favor, then, Mr. President, with such
limitation as 1 have stated, of resorting to tonnage
duties for the improvement of rivers and harbors—
instead of taxation of the whole people of the Uni-
ted States, to allow the States where the improve-
ment is to be made to lay to'nnage duties upon the
commerce of that river or habor, and, from the
money so collected, to make the improvements
desired. I am in favor of this for several reasons— ,
first, the money will be collected from those who 1
, are to receive the benefit of the work; secondly, it
■ will be laid only for improvements which are de-
sirable, and the money will be expended with
rigid economy. For this opinion, however, that
the proper mode of raising money for such expend-
itures is by tonnage duties upon the vessels con-
nected with the commerce which is to be improved,
I have the high authority of the last Democratic
Administration, which has been said to have neg-
lected its duties in relation to the improvement of
rivers and harbors. Mr. Polk in his message,
when he vetoed a bill very similar to this, said:
"The Constitution provides that *110 Stateshaii, without '
the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage.' With
the ' consent' of Congress such duties may be levied, col-
lected, and expended by the States. We are not left 111 the
dark as to the objects of this reservation of power to the
States. The subject was fully considered by the conven-
tion that framed the Constitution. It appears in Mr. Madi-
son's report of the proceedings of that body that one object
ol tiie reservation was that tho States should not be lestrained
from laying duties of tonnage tor the purpose of clearing
harbors, other objects were named in the debates, and
among them the support of seamen. Mr. Madison, treating
on th)3 subject in the Federalist, deelaies that • the restraint
'on the power of the State? over imports and exports, is
' enforced by all the arguments which prove the necessity
' of submitting the regulation of trade to the federal coun-
, 'cils. It is needless, therefore, to remark further on this
4 head than that the manner in which the restraint is quali-
c tied seems well calculated at once to secure to the States a
1 reasonable discretion 111 providing for the converiiency of
; ' their imports and exports, and to the United States a rea-
. 1 sonable check against the abuse of this discretion.' The
State; may lay tonnage duties for clearing harbors, improv-
ing rivers, or for other purposes, but are restrained froni
abusing tiie power, because before such duties can take
effect the ' consent' ol Congress must be obtained.
'•'Under this wise system, the improvement of harbors
and rivers was commenced, or rather continued, from the
organization of the Government under the present Consti-
tution. Many acts were passed by the several States levy-
ing duties of tonnage, and many were passed by Congress
; giving tiieir consent tv tiK>se acts. Such acts have been
passed by Massachusetts, Khode Island, Pennsylvania,
, Alarjfand, Virginia, Tvorth Carolina, South Caiolina, and
Georgia, and have been sanctioned by the consent of Con-
gress. Without enumerating them all,it maybe instructive
to refer to some ol' tiicm as illustrative ol' the mode of im-
proving harbors and rivers 111 the early penods of our Gov-
ernment, as to the constitutionality o; winch there can
be no doubt."
Such was the authority of Mr. Polk, and lie
rested not on his own authority merely, but he
quoted from the samehigh authority which htts been
cited by the Senator from Michigan. In speaking
of the great abuses into which we were about to
run by this system of appropriating" money for
internal improvements, tne rapid progress that
was making, the accelerated pace with which it
was moving when checked by General Jackson,
he says:
" His veto of the Mayeville mail bill was followed up by
I hi-* refusal to sign the < Act making appropriations for
building lighthouses, light boat:?, beacons, and monuments,
placing buoys, improving harbors, and directing surveys;*
' An act authorizing subscriptions for stock in the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company v' 6 A-ti aset for the im-
provement of certain harbors and the navigation of certain
rivers,'and. finally, 4 An act to improve the navigation of the
Waba&h nver., In his objections to the last named, he-
says :
k< 4 The desire to embark the Federal (iovernment in works
4 of internal improvement prevailed in the highest degree
i during tfre ftrst session of the lirst Oo-ugreAs that I had the
(honor to meet m my present situation. When the bill au-
' thorizing a subscription on the paifof the United State? for
' stock in the Maysville and Lexington turnpike company
4 passed the two Houses, theie had been reported, by the
4 Committee on Internal lmpro\emonts, bills continuing ap-
propriations for st?ch objects, exclusive of those for tb 
4 Cumberland road, and for haibors aivd light-houses, fo the-
'amount of about .^lOfyOW^QOO. In this amount was m-
' eluded authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to sub-
4 scribe for the ^tock of (htferent companies to a great extent,
  and the residue was principally for the direct construction
4 of road> bv this Government. Jn addition to these project1?,.
4 which have been presented to the two Houses under the
'sanction and recommendation of their respective commit-
4 toes on internal improvements, there were then still pend-
'in£, before the committees and in memorials to Congress
4 piesented, butnot referred, different projects for works ot a
4 similar character, the expense of which cannot be esti-
4 mated with certainty, but must have exceeded one hun-
4 dred millions of dollars.'
k4 Thus, within the brief period of leas than ten years after
the commencement of internal improvements by the General
Government, the sum asked for from the Treasury for va-
rious projects amounted to more than two hundred* millions
of dollars. President Jackson's powerful and disinterested
appeals to his country appear to have put down forever the
assumption of power to make roads and cm canals, and to>
have cheeked the prevalent disposition to bring all rivers,
in any degree navigable, within the control of the General
Government. 15ut an immense field for expending the pub-
he money and increasing the power and patronage of this
Government was left open, in the concession of even a lim-
ited power of Congress to improve harbors and rivers; a
i field which millions will not fertilize to the satisfaction of
! those local and speculating interests by which the-e projects
! are in general gotten up. There cannot be a just and equal
distribution of public burdens and benefits under such a sys-
tem ; nor can The States be relieved from the danger ctf fa-
tal encroachment, nor the United States from the equal
danger of consolidation, otherwise than by an arrest of the
system, and a return to the doctrines and practices which
pervaded during the first thirty year* ofihe Government."
*******
" Should any great object of improvement exist in our
widely extended country which cannot be effected by ton-
nage duties levied bj the States, with the concurrence of
Connress, it is >ater iyid wiser to apply to the States, in the
mode prescribed by the Constitution, for an amendment of
that instrument whereby the powers of the General Govern-
| ment may be enlarged, with sueh limitations and restric-
tions as experience has shown to be proper, than to assume
, and exercise a power which has not been granted, or wliicit
' may be regarded as doubtful in the opinion of a large por-
! tion of our constituents. This course has bcei> recommend-
i1 ed successively by Presidents Jefferson, Madison, Monroe,
and Jackson, and' I full}' concur with them in opinion. If
an enlargement of powers should be deemed proper, it wilt
unquestionably be granted by the States; if otlieiwise, it
will be withhold ; and 111 either case their decision should
be final. In the mean time t deem it proper to add, that
the investigation of tins subject has impressed me more
. strongly than ever with the solemn conviction that the use-
fulness and permanency of tin-. Government, and the hap-
piness of the millions over whom it spreads its protection,
' will be best promoted by carefully ab<tanum; from the ex-
ercise of all powers not clearly granted by the Constitution."
Thus were we progressins when that man of
pure heart, of iron will, of lofty character, and of
sound judgment, arrested the onward atid down-
ward tendency of the time. Now, we are asked
again to embark in the sameruinouspolicy. Who
does not know that this is but the first step, the
enterfhg wedge; that, on every item here intro-
duced, without survey, without estimate, we shall
! next year be told, You have already made appro-
priations for this object; you have commenced the
, work, and we only ask you to finish it? With
| what propriety will you hereafter say, we require
surveys, estimates, proofs, before we enter upon
such appropriations? You have launched forth
upon this sea of speculation. You permit your-
selves now to incorporate items into the bill with-
out any authority to sustain them. Henceforth
any one who can lirina; forward an application,
which by combination or otherwise will command
votes, has hut to ask for an appropriation, and it
will be^iven. Some of the States have very little
interest in this bill. Why is this so? If it were
said that it is because there is not sufficient import-
ance in the object, I should be able to prove that
this is not the case. If it he said that it is because
the members of those States did not press for such
appropriations, then, in my opinion, it is honor-
able to them that they did not. Under the system
to which I have referred, every harbor which has
'I an important commerce would rendilv be able to
