344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March I,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Foote, Underwood, Douglas, $-c.
Senate.
which are national and those which are not na- |
tional, I think it is most obvious that there are
portions of this bill which are anything but na-
tional in their character. And I must say that I j
conceive this proposition to include the Tennessee
river as of the latter description. I would like
exceedingly to see the Tennessee river improved.
I was gratified as a citizen of that State, many
years ago, when five hundred thousand acres of
land were bestowed upon Alabama to improve it,
not because I looked upon that river as national,
but because I knew it to be important to the peo-
ple who resided there.
A distinguished gentleman who formerly sat
here (the honorable Silas Wright) was quoted by
my honorable friend from Michigan as being one
of tfiose who had most decidedly favored great
measures of national internal improvement. At
least so far as that gentleman was referred to,
everything that was said in relation to him was
properly and justly said. But my friend from
Michigan forgot to state, or perhaps did not deem
it important to state, that that distinguished states-
man, when called upon for his views upon the
question, when invited to attend the Chicago Con-
vention for the purpose of talcing the whole sub-
ject into consideration, in a letter to the convention
stated emphatically that his own mind was ill a
condition of painful doubt with regard to the pow-
ers of this Government over the whole subject;
and he expressed the wish, in which upon reading
tl.e letter I could not help heartily joining, and in
which every man not imbued with the Federal
feeling of consolidation must have joined, to wit,
that the Constitution of the United States might
be speedily so amended as to remove all doubt on ,1
the subject, giving to the Government all the pow- j
ers to enable it to execute schemes of internal im- !l
provement of a national character, and restricting j
it in regard to other measures not of a national
character. If the views contained in that short
letter were carried into effect by us at this time, I
have no doubt that this particular measure would J
be greatly modified, and certain features of the bill
be stricken out without hesitation by those who
seem inclined to sanction the whole bill.
Now, in regard to the Tennessee river, I was '
inclined to doubt to-day whether it was a national
stream, but I was still inclined to vote for this par-
ticular provision; but, on a conversation with the
Senators from Alabama, I feel satisfied that, al-
though it is, as I have said, a very respectable
stream, and very important in many respects, it
is not precisely such a stream as would authorize
us, if we act in conformity to those principles
upon which we Democrats stand, to introduce it
into this bill. Thus instructed by those who must
know the geography of the State, I feel bound to
cooperate with those who desire to strike it out
from this bill; and, in doing so, I wish to include
of course other rivers that are not more favorably
circumstanced than that stream.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make a few
remarks upon the word "estimate." I believe in
a Congressional sense there are two sorts of esti- |
mates. One of them is the estimate which a De-
partment makes as to the amount of money it can
expend before the next session of Congress; the
other is an estimate of the entire cost of a" thing
which is to be done. Now, I should like to know
from my friend from Maine in which of these '
senses he uses the word. Does he want an esti-
mate of the amount of money which the Depart-
ment can conveniently expend before we meet
again ? or does he want an estimate of the entire j
cost of the thing? We have had some curious ,
matters transpiring heretofore in regard to these
estimates. We have had estimates applicable to
my friend's section of the country. We have
had estimates about custom-houses. As we have
had estimates of the first character as to the
amount that a Department could expend, begin-
ning perhaps with $50,000, and going on §50,000
after $50,000, and hundreds of thousands after
hundreds of thousands, until a custom-house, ori-
ginally estimated, in the latter sense, at $300,000,
has cost nearly a million. I know a good deal
about these " estimates," as they are called, and
in their application to that class of subjects I know
they are not worth the cracking of my finger.
Your estimate is nothing. Your estimate of the |
original cost of a building is nothing. You overgo
it. The estimate of what you can expend year
after year with convenience to the Department is
worth nothing, because it constitutes no limitation
upon your expenditure.
Now, to talk about estimates for these Western
rivers is perhaps of all things in this world the
most useless. An estimate, in the latter sense of
the term, as I have explained it, as to what an im-
provement in the Mississippi river, in clearing out
the snags, will cost—a work which is to continue
as long as there are banks upon that stream pro-
ducing timber large enough to constitute a snag—
who canjnake it? What will you estimate as to
the amount of money which can be conveniently
expended in working on that river ? What good
will it do' If you appropriate hundreds of mil-
lions which cannot he conviently expended it will
do no harm. It will remain in the Treasury. A
dollar of it will not be taken out. The only thing
that you have to regard in making these appropri-
ations is that you do not appropriate such large
sums as that their abstraction will operate detri-
mentally to the public service of the country. That
is the only limitation. I make these remarks be-
cause I think them applicable to my friend's mo-
tion, and his intimation that he intended to move
to strike out of this bill everything for which there
had been no estimate.
Mr. President, I do not intend to enter upon the
constitutional .argument. A system which has
been in operation from the commencement of the
Government down to the present time, beginning
with the founders of the institutions under which
we live, and reiterated year after year, if it cannot
be regarded as settled at this day nothing can be.
I believe the unsettled state of public opinion in
regard to political questions is notorious in the
mouths of the political individuals of this country.
Nothing seems to be settled. I, for one, act upon
precedent to a great extent. When I first came
into Congress, I remember, in the year 1837, upon
the motion of a gentleman standing high in his
party, (General McKay, of North Carolina,) an
appropriation was put into a bill for the improve-
ment of the channel of a little river in that State
called New river, and when it was mentioned at
the time my geographical knowledge did not ex-
tend to the precise location of the stream. I got
a map and hunted up what New river was, and
where it was located, and found it to be a little
stream about twenty-five or thirty miles long; and
yet in 1837 an appropriation, upon a Democratic
motion, was made to improve that little stream.
Upon that occasion I contrasted that little North
Carolina river with the rivers upon which I live,
and the mighty waters of the West.
Sir, if I had time I would go into the whole of
this subject from the beginning to the end 
Several Senators. Time enough; go on.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Time enough for the
enemies of the bill, but none for its friends. If I
had the time, I would like to go into it from the
beginning to the end, and contrast sentiments and
opinions which have prevailed at various times. I
would like to address myself to a distinguished
Senator that I have in my eye, and prove to him
that if you can make internal improvements for
the purpose of benefiting foreign commerce, ac-
cording to an argument we have heard from his lips,
you can equally do it to benefit internal commerce—
commerce between the States—domesticcommerce.
I can find, in my readings of the Constitution, no
difference between foreign and domestic commerce.
But I have said I will not go into this subject It
is a subject which would consume days and months,
especially if we are to read liberally from speeches
heretofore delivered, as has been done.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish simply to state that I am
inclined to sustain the proposition now before the
Senate on principle; but that principle will drag
out other rivers, which are not included in this
amendment. I shall insist on others sharing the
same fate if this amendment shall prevail, for we
should be perfectly fair in regard to this matter.
I intend to vote against every feature of this bill
which I may deem unharmonious with the Con-
stitution, and I shall finally vote against the bill
itself; yet, in its progress, if the Senate will per-
mit such appropriations to be made, with strict
regard to principles of justice, and with a view of
securing an equal division of the spoils, if this sys-
tem of spoils must be carried into execution, I
shall feel it to be my duty to move for additional
sums of money for the purpose of improving the
Missouri, the Tennessee, and other rivers. If this
system is to go on, the Western country is entitled
to a larger share than it has ever received. No
one is more anxious than I am to see every im-
portant river in the West receive as alarge a bounty
from this Government as can be constitutionally
bestowed upon it. I shall be compelled, too, to
insist that the great valley of the Mississippi shall
have its share. Such is the course which I shall
pursue, and, having advertised the Senate of the
course I shall pursue, I am content'to have a vote
upon the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce [Mr. Hamlin] wishes to
bring this bill down to the estimates submitted to
us by the Departments, he would accomplish his
object better by making the motion at once, so that
we might come directly to the point. I am riot
willing to cut off one branch at a time, and run the
risk of cutting off that one and retaining the others,
which are not provided for in the estimates. It
would be doing injustice to some of the most im-
portant works in the bill. I rise for the purpose
of saying one word in this connection in regard to
the Illinois river. If there'is any work which is
national in connection with the Mississippi river
it is the Illinois river. The navigation in the river
is as perfect as that in the Mississippi. It is true
there are a few obstructions in it. It is a better
navigable stream by nature than the Ohio. It re-
mains navigable a large portion of the year, and
can be improved at much less expense than %e
others. It has the character of nationality attached
to it, from the fact that it is the connecting link
between the great line of lakes and the Mississippi
river, and between the Gulf of St. Lawrence and
the Gulf of Mexico. It is the link which connects
these great waters and makes the most of the
States of this Union an island. Vessels have sailed
through the Illinois river into the Gulf of Mexico,
and then into the open ocean for foreign countries,
within the last year. Thus there is a great con-
necting link between these inland seas,and if there
is any work that is entirely national in its charac-
ter it is the Illinois river which forms that connec-
tion. I trust, therefore, that it will not be stricken
from the bill. If the bill is to pass, this large
work, which has such strong claims upon Con-
gress as a national work, ought to be included.
And here I would remark that I shall give no vote
for the purpose of embarrassing this bill. My
people are too much interested in the improve-
ments to be made for me to give a vote of that
kind. It is sufficient for me to give the bill a fair
chance, and to try to give it a proper shape. If I
fail in that, I shall vote against the entire bill, but
I will not attempt to embarrass it by amendments
which may do no good, but produce injury to my
constituents.
Mr. TURNEY. I know not by what princi-
ple Senators judge what constitutes a national
river and what does not. I repudiate the idea that
it is necessary it should run through three States,
or any other number, although, if that were the
rule to govern us, the Tennessee would be a na-
tional stream. I hold that to make a river nation-
al, it should be used on many occasions and sud-
den emergencies for national purposes—for the
transportation of troops, munitions of war, or
other articles necessary to carry on the plans of
the Government. In this point of view, if any
river would be national, the Tennessee would. I
shall therefore vote against striking out the Ten-
nessee, because 1 believe it is as national as any
in the bill. I shall, nevertheless, vote against the
bill "itself. It is very certain that the Tennessee
passes through a densely settled country, in which
troops could be as speedily raised and be as effect-
ive in the field as any other troops in the Union;
and the amount appropriated for this river ought
to be increased. We are told that the Mississip-
pi river is national. True, it is a larger stream
than the Tennessee, because the waters of the
Tenneseee and other streams flow into it. Is it
size that makes it national ? The Tennessee river
is navigable, and so is the Mississippi. It is not,
therefore, because the Mississippi contains more
water that it becomes national and the Tennessee
not. Is it because the Mississippi enters into the
ocean ? Does that constitute a national stream ?
