346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Davis of Mass., Messrs. RusJc and Butler.
Senate.
ation bills cannot pass, the country is subjected to
the enormous expense and inconvenience of a
called session; or if the appropriation bills are
hurried through in such a manner as to be an in-
jury to the country in any respect, the responsi-
bility will not be upon those who oppose taking
up this bill, but upon those who, on this last day
of the session, when the appropriation bills remain
behind, press it upon us in the morning hour,
before any reports can be made from the commit-
tees. The Committee on the Judiciary were anx-
ious to report yesterday morning, and they are
prepared to report this morning upon a great
national question, in which the greatest interest is
felt, in response to the message of the President
of the United States. We are even denied the
opportunity of presenting this report; and other
committees have bills to be reported on very im-
portant subjects, all of which must be laid aside if
the proposition to press this bill forward prevails.
I shall not yield to the taking up of this bill so
long as we cannot have a full and fair opportunity
to consider it, and so long as it puts in jeopardy
the appropriation bills. I do hope gentlemen will
concur in the suggestion so frequently made by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, and
allow this question to be disposed of at a future
time. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I call for the
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken,
with the folia wins: result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of .Mississippi, Dawson. Downs, Foote,
Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton,
Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Soule, Stuigeon, Turney, and Yulee
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright, j
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Ewmg, Felch,
Greene, Jones, Mangum, MilW, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt,
Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruanee,
Underwood, Upliam, Wales, and Walker—34.
So the motion was not agreed to. j
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to enter at length
into any arguments relating to this question, but
I shall vote against the amendment which is im-
mediately under consideration. I think too much
stress is laid throughout this discussion upon esti-
mates from the Department. I regard them as of no
binding force upon Congress, and only in the light
of information upon which we are to act, and I see
no reason why I should not vote for an object
which I consider national in its character as well
without an estimate as to go blindly upon such a
recommendation from the Department. One of
the objections to this bill is, that in its terms it
gives too much power to the executive officers to
expend the money or not to expend it as suits
them. I know there are objects much more na-
tional in their character left out of this bill, than
many that are in it. I intend, when I can have
an opportunity to do so, to offer an amendment
that the moneys herein appropriated for improve-
ments in the different. States shall be expended
upon such objects as shall be designated by a
board of commissioners appointed in the States
where the expenditures are to be made. I know
that year after year appropriations are made for
improvements to be made in navigation, and they ,
are suffered by the Departments to remain unex-
pended till they fall back into the Treasury. It
has been so with regard to appropriations made
for the whole coast of Texas, upon which there I
is a commeice of ten millions of dollars annually, i
Appropriations have been made for light-houses
from time to time, and in many instances the
money has fallen back into the Treasury. At the
last session a large appropriation was made, but
no steps were taken to carry it into effect. I am
anxious that when an appropriation is made,
that that appropriation shall be applied to those
objects, and not be left to the discretion of any De-
partment, because I thinkno officer of any Depart-
ment could expend it so properly as it could be
done in the way that I suggest. I think the friends
of this bill are mistaken in their policy of opposing
amendments. I believe the bill is going to pass,
even if the cheap postage bill or the appropriation :
bills should fail. We have evidence enough of
that. Its friends here will not permit the appro-
priation bills to be taken up, nor anything done
upon the subject, not even reports to be made from ,
committees. I have no sort of apprehension but
11 that, if it goes back to the House of Representa-
' tives it will be adopted. I think the Senator from
South Carolina, when he designated California as
" flounce tail," the other day, was mistaken. I
think this bill is "flounce tail." It drives every-
thing out of the way, and will drive everything be-
fore it like chaff until it is acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I shall be
very brief in what I have to say. I apprehend
the true way to dispose of this bill is to come to a
vote. If gentlemen will permit it to be disposed
of by a final vote, the sooner they will obtain the
object they have in view. The Senator from Tex-
as is mistaken in supposing that there is any spe-
cial authority or any discretionary power by the
terms of this bill vested in the executive officers
of the Government. I believe there is none at all
—not enough, perhaps, properly to protect thein-
terests of the Government. This is one defect of
the bill. Then with regard to the appropriation
for light-houses in his State, I will say one word.
Certain appropriations made for those objects
passed into the surplus fund. What is the rea-
son? lie intimates that it was because there was
some discretionary power in the Government
which has been abused. There is a law which
regulates all that. It is that, until the Government j
is satisfied as to the title of the land where the
light-house is to be built, it shall not be erected.
Upon what is this bill founded? A great many
questions are raised and discussed here—the con-
stitutional power, questions of expediency, ques- 1
tions of all sorts and all descriptions. But it is
founded upon the idea that by cheapening the ex-
pense of intercourse between different portions of
| the country, you enable the people of tne country j
to bring the produce of their labor to market, j
j Now, what have been the results of this opera- '
tion, in combination with individual enterprise?
I think I may say with safety that it is witlun the
I memory of the honorable Senator from Michigan
! when a man could not except with difficulty bring
i a barrel of flour from the West to the seacoast. 1
It would not have been worth bringing, for it
i would have cost perhaps twenty dollars. What
has been the result of these beneficial operations ?
Why, they have opened the vast, rich, and pro-
ductive valley of the Mississippi, and enabled its
inhabitants to take their products to a profitable ;
market. That is the great result of the system.
Where lie the objections to it? Gentlemen say it
is unconstitutional. This is not the period to I
argue that question. But all the gentlemen who
rise say it is constitutional to improve the Missis-
sippi Some gentlemen, with vivid imaginations,
magnified the Mississippi into a river with a coast ■
of some twenty thousand miles. The Mississip-
pi, then, is an object which is worthy of the con- j
sideration and patronage of this Government, and 1
we ought to turn out some portion of the Treas-
ury to improve it. Why ? Is it because of the
great quantity of water which flows in it? No, )
sir; it is because it is the common highway of
many of the States of this Union. Because it is
a highway that is beneficial to a great population,
you say it is proper that it should be improved.
If that is the principle; if it is because there is a
large commerce which floats upon its surface; if
it is because this highway is indispensable to the
producing population to send their products to
market, and it thus becomes constitutional to im-
prove it, may not the same argument be applica-
ble to a much smaller highway—take that, if you
please, which is now proposed to be stricken out
of this bill, or the Illinois river, which, as has
been justly observed, by an artificial work built
by the State of Illinois, standing between the lakes
and the waters of the Mississippi, connects the
basin of the lakes with the valley of the Missis-
sippi, making a circuit of navigation from the
Gulf of St. Lawrence to the Gulf of Mexico?
I need not stand here to discuss the importance
of such a chain of communication. I need not
stand here to magnify or diminish its importance.
Every gentleman knows that a large commerce
goes up the Mississippi to the lakes, of the pro-
ducts of that portion of the country, while a large
portion goes through the lakes, through the Illi-
nois, through this Mississippi, and this forms part
and parcel of the highway to be employed for that
purpose. And if there is a great public exigency
existing for the highway to give facility to com- ,
merce, it becomes, I humbly apprehend, what is
termed a national object. I think, however, that
we are a little apt to confuse our ideas upon this
subject by employing the term national. If we
would look rather to the usefulness of the thing,
it would be a better criterion by which to settle
j and decide the question.
Many remarks have been made in regard to
surveys. Many remarks have been made in re-
gard to what are termed the new works and what
are termed the old works. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] imagines that he
draws attention to something new when he talks
about Big Sodus and Little Sodus. These are old
works. Appropriations have been made to carry
them on. Pretty large sums of money have been
expended by the Government; and why ^tre they
now before the Senate ? It is because they have
become to some extent dilapidated and need re-
pairs, otherwise they will fall so much into decay
that they could not be enjoyed.
Now, in regard to those new works about which
no estimate has been made. Let me appeal to the
honorable Senator from Michigan with regard to
his own part of the country. You have heard the
views of that Senator as to the flats of St. Clair
Lake. There is a bar there which constitutes a
very material obstacle to the navigation of that
portion of the country. It is a very serious im-
pediment to vessels passing from the upper to the
lower lakes. The voice of that portion of the
country has been raised in relation to it. Petition
after petition has been sent here. Surveys have
been made to ascertain whether improven^its
could be made that would facilitate the navigation.
It is declared to be feasible for a reasonable sum
I of money. This is one of the " new" works so
1 much condemned. There are examinations, and
1 let me add all these works, or by far a large por-
tion of them, are old works. The " new works,"
such as the flats of St. Clair—many of them, not
all—are equally important with them. Many of
them are more important than the old works them-
selves.
It would be extraordinary if there were nothing
in this bill against which a gentleman could raise
his voice. But in the main the great features of
this measure are such as Congress has usually
I bestowed its attention upon, such as have passed
I before in this body and the other House. Under
all these circumstances, I am willing with other
gentlemen to vote for the bill as it is, and I will
state very frankly, for I have nothing to disguise,
the reason why I do it. I understaud that, by the
rule of the other House, if you amend a bill it goes
upon the table, and that it takes a two-thirds vote
to take it up; and I know that if this bill is amend-
ed a two-thirds vote cannot be obtained to take it
up. I agree entirely with gentlemen that this is a
deliberative body; that this bill has been pressed
forward at a moment when a great deal of busi-
ness is on our hands and under unfavorable cir-
cumstances, yet nobody here is to blame for it.
When this bill came to us, the committee imme-
diately took it into consideration, and passed upon
it as soon as the Senate could expect, and reported
it to the Senate. A motion might have been made
earlier to take it up, but it was my wish not to in-
terrupt the course of business that was going on
here. Since, however, the Senate has decided to
take it up, all I have to ask is that we should hare
a vote upon it, and then get to the appropriation
bills. I think it ought to be done.
Mr. BUTLER. I have very frequently asked
the question of gentlemen who are in favor of this
bill, how the money is to be raised to clear out all
these rivers, and effect all these great and magnifi-
cent improvements. I have asked the question in
private and in various forms. The reply has been,
we will borrow it upon the credit of the United
States. How will you meet the demand when it
comes to maturity ? I believe the universal reply
has been, we will increase the tariff upon the cus-
toms; so that those who vote for this bill must
vote with tlft understanding that it is a bill to take
two millions from the Treasury at this time; and
it is but the commencement of a system, which, if
persisted in, will require us to borrow five or perhaps
ten millions of money upon the credit of the Govern-
ment for this particular purpose; to liqu idate which
we must increase the duties upon foreign com-
merce. If gentlemen will tell me tliey are ready
