348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Cass, Bell, Clemens, Atchison, fyc.
Senate.
of the West affords greater facilities for steamboat j
navigation during the ordinary stages of the sea-
sons, than the Tennessee river above the Muscle
Shoals, He gives a description of what improve- i
ment should be made at these points.
1 knew 1 could not have been mistaken in re-
gard to this matter. This river may not have
been minutely surveyed. I do not know thatany
Erecise estimate has been made in relation to it,
ut there has been in point of fact what may be
called an estimate. It is true that there has been
no plan suegested.
Mr. CASS. That very fact is the material one
of the case. This plan should come before us,
approved by the Department, in order to enable
us to make the improvement effectually, and for
the right place.
Mr. BELL. Are we not as good judges of
what are the best contingencies in relation to that,
as the Department?
Mr. CASS. In all cases the estimate should !
first come from the Department, before we make
an appropriation.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is not a solitary river
in this bill that does not stand precisely on the
same footing; and I should like to know what the
Senator from Missouri understands by the "har-
bor at St. Louis," for which there is an appropri-
ation in this bill? Was the Mississippi ever
surveyed above the rapids, or below the rapids, or
anywhere else?
Mr. ATCHISON. The harbor of St. Louis is
not a matter no win question. 1 have not committed
myself to vote for the appropriation of §50,000 for
that harbor. I am not to be bought to vote for a
bill like this for five times fifty thousand.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope the Senator does not j
mean to intimate that my vote has been bought
at all?
Mr. ATCHISON. Not at all.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, and it resulted—yeas 23, nays 31. I
So the amendment was rejected. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the following clause:
" For the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis, on the j
Mississippi nver, $50,000."
In making this motion, I am glad to have the
opportunity of first striking at an appropriation
for that section of the country with which, by lo- \
cation, education, and permanent identification, I !
am connected. Towards the people of St. Louis,
as a western man, as an inhabitant of the valley
of the Mississippi, and one who has known the
town for something like a quarter of a century, 1
can have nothing less than the kindest feelings.
My proposition to strike out this appropriation is
based upon principle. I think if some great event
were to occur which would arrest the history of
this country at the present moment, and create an
interval, a dark age, of about some five hundred
years, that those who came after us, if they should
ever pick up this bill, and have no intermediate
history, would suppose a great change had occur-
red in the formation of our Government, and some
speculative geologist would no doubt believe that
the mouth of the river had gradually disappeared,
from its present location below New Orleans, and
that the sea had stretched up to the harbor at St.
Louis. Why, at every wood-yard there is a har-
bor, if there be a harbor at St. Louis. There is a
harbor at every place on the river where boats can
land, if there be a harbor at St. Louis. Who
that knows the Mississippi river can understand
what is meant by the harbor of St. Louis ? Why
shall the Government be called on to remove the
bar from the front of St. Louis? Is it because the
city is wealthy; because it is powerful? These
are poor reasons for it. They only show the
ability of the town to remove the bar itself. Why
do you not go to the front of some plantation, or to
some poor village, and there remove a bar that
obstructs the landing? They might claim the as-
sistance of the Government with more propriety
than this populous and powerful town. There is
no reason for it. The formation of a bar changes
the location of the best sites of land, and changes
the deposite of the river and its whole character in
that part. Those who have purchased property
with a view to that deposit have a right to have
the advantage of it secured to them. But now the
Government is called upon to interpose and remove
a bar which is formed by natural causes, in order ;
to secure advantages which its removal would at- 1
tach to certain locations. I think this is a fair
test of the principle of this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only desire to say that on
looking at this bill, I regard this asoneof the most
meritorious works in it. If it were in a separate
bill I should vote for it. I shall therefore vote to
retain it in this bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I consider that the Senate has
settled the principle of our present action; though
very much in opposition to my views, as I have
already declared; but I must be consistent with
myself, and what I said at a former stage of this
debate. The principle of the bill being settled, I
shall content myself to vote ultimately against the
whole measure, but as gentlemen seem to be deter-
mined to divide the public money between the
different sections of the Confederacy, and as the
great West has not evidently had its full share, I
shall vote to retain this item in the bill, and shall
very soon, whenever I can get the floor, move to
increase other appropriations for various streams
in the West, which have been demonstrated to be
eminently national in their character.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Maine has
told us that he regards this as one of the most
meritorious items in the bill. Is there any neces-
sity for this appropriation ? Can he tell for what
purpose it is to be applied? I would ask him
whetherthere is not now in truth an improvement
going on for the harbor of St. Louis, at the expense
of St. Louis and the proprietors of Bloody Island?
1 I should like to be informed if there is not already
i a contract for the improvement necessary to deepen
that harbor? And whether it has not been made
by the city of St. Louis and the proprietors of
Bloody Island? I am under the impression that
such an improvement is going on; that stone walls
have been constructed from the Illinois shore to
Bloody Island; and that means have been pledged
to be furnished by the city of St. Louis and the
proprietors of the island to have a ferry from the
! island to the city; and that this improvement is to
be carried on by them.
I feel sincerely desirous of supporting this bill,
, and I may perhaps do so, notwithstanding it con-
tains some very obnoxious appropriations. But
I should really like to see it purged of such as are
not proper, and for which no adequate public con-
sideration can be given. It is not enough for me
that the chairman of the committee says he regards
this as one of the most meritorious items in the
bill. It has not been referred to in any of the
papers accompanying the President's message,
and I believe there has been no estimate for it. I
desire to know from authentic sources what are
, the merits of this very "meritorious" appropria-
1 tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not aware of any con-
tract that is in existence between the citizens of
St. Louis and any other persons in relation to the
repair or deepening of the harbor at that place.
If there is any contract of that description, I can
onl y say that it has in no way been brought to
the knowledge of the committee; certainly not to
my knowledge. In relation to the merits of this
question, I have only to say that St. Louis is a
great commercial point upon the great Mississippi
river, and comes within the limitation I have laid
down for myself. I have voted for this same
proposition before. I shall vote for it again.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not under-
stand the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, when he said this was one of the most
meritorious items of the bill, to say that it was of
itself meritorious. I thought what he said in re-
lation to it was but very small praise; and 1 think
he has confirmed the very feeble support he gives
it when he talks about deepening the harbor
and making improvements in the harbor of St.
Louis. Why, it is nonsense to talk of a har-
bor on the bank of a river. There is no harbor
there. The name "harbor" does not apply to it.
Is it a harbor where boats are tied to the shore ?
Whether the water is deep up to the shore or not,
depends on the relative height of the Missouri and
Mississippi rivers, as to how the current will strike
the shore at the town of St. Louis. There has
been the formation of a bar there. It is the inter-
est of those persons who own property immedi-
ately behind the bar that it should be removed,
that it should be swept away. There is nothing
there but a deposit which forms a bar. There is
a good landing above and below it. Boats can be
tied to the shore either above or below it. Per-
sons who have property there are not inconve-
nienced by it at all. The town of St. Louis has
very properly, as the Senator from Maryland
says, commenced a system for its removal, but
the Government has nothing to do with it. It is
no matter to the Government whether boats land
ten miles higher up or ten miles lower down.
The present landing of St. Louis was not that
originally selected. The original one is now neg-
lected, and scarcely observed by those who pass
along the river. The river bears its sediment
from the confluences of the Missouri and upper
Mississippi to the Gulf of Mexico. Landings
are constantly changing. J'anks are washing
away. No man can say what five years hence
will be this landing. What right have the Federal
Government, under such circumstances, to inter-
pose and make appropriations to remove bars that
are formed by natural causes? It is, I think, su-
premely ridiculous,.
Mr. HAMLIN. I merely wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the fact that a full and
ample report has been made from the Topograph-
ical Bureau. I do not design to go into it or read
'it. It is very full and very clear, from an actual
survey; and estimates too have been made. _
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hold in^r
hand the report of the Topographical Bureau,
j containing the reports of the Engineers upon this
I harbor. That report says:
" For this purpase a special appropriation of $25,000 was
made during the last session. This harbor is threatened by
two serious dangers ; one, that the Mississippi, which is
gradually encroaching upon the east bank, wit! eventually
! pass nearly the whole of its waters between Bloody Island
and the Illinois shore, and, as a consequence, destroy the
harbor of St. Louis; the other, more di*tant in locality,
but not less to be dreaded, is, that the Missouri, bursting
through the small impediment which now resists its action,
will carry its waters and those of the Upper Mississippi
through what is called the Amencan bottom of the State of
Illinois, again entering the old bed of the Mississippi about
 miles below St. Louis. The consequences of such a
disaster are beyond calculation ; the loss of life and prop-
erty by it would properly be unparalleled." * *
" These were the general views sent to the officer (Capt.
Cram) in charge of the work, with directions to prepare an
estimate accordingly." *****
Ct During the years 1836-'7 and 1844, there was appropria-
ted in favor of the work $75,000. The amount in the bill is
sufficient for the present fiscal year. Recent information
induces the belief that the work will in the end be less costly
than was at one time anticipated."
Mr. FOOTE. I must confess that amidst the
extraordinary labors of the present session, which
have occupied me night and day, I have not had
an opportunity to read that report, although I feel
it my duty, as I said the other day, to read nearly
every important paper communicated to us. In
fact, I did not know that the report was in exist-
ence. I was exceedingly struck with the fact just
now made known to us of its existence. The
Senator seems to attach great importance to it; and
what has been read has satisfied me that it will be
impossible for us to give a sound and judicious
vote upon the question now before us without a
thorough examination of this report in some shape
or form, and I therefore call for its reading.
Mr. SEWARD. It was a report made at the
last session of Congress, and not at this.
Mr. EWING. Has the Senator a right to call
for the reading of any paper he chooses?
The PRESIDENT. It is the right of any Sen-
ator to call for the reading of a report, but it is in
the power of any Senator to object to it.
, Mr. EWING. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. I take it for granted that the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts knew what he
was about. I am exceedingly anxious to have the
- whole of this report read. I do not wish to rely
on detached nortions of it. I wish to have it read
from beginnfl^ to end, so that we may consider
its contents.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. It is a report
on the subject of rivers and harbors from the Bu-
reau of Topographical Engineers, which, on Sep-
tember 19, 1850, was ordered to be laid on the
; table and printed, by the House of Representa-
tives.
