1651.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
31st Cong.....2d Sess. Rivera and. Harbors—Messrs. Foote, Atchison, Walker, fyc.
Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot well imagine anything
more important than such a pamphlet as that; and
if I had known of its existence before, I should
have had it read, so that we might have, in the
most condensed form imaginable, all the valuable
information which is to be obtained from it, for the
purpose of judicious action upon the subject before
us. I suppose there cannot be anything in that
report that does not pertain to some part of this
bill. I should like exceedingly to have the whole
of it read instead of these detached extracts. We
should have the opportunity of examining the
whole text. The Honorable Senator knows, as
well as any man in Christendom, that even the
Bible might be subjected to great misinterpreta-
tions, and might, instead of being the standard of
Christian morality, become the standard of the
most vicious principles of moral conduct, by ta-
king detached portions of it instead of the sense
and meaning of the whole. For instance, the
honorable Senator well knows there is one particu-
lar text, which, if detached from the context,
would lead to mischievous results: " The fool hath
said in his heart, there is no God." By detaching
the former portion of the sentence, it would read,
" there is no God;" and thus infidelity would be
established by applying to the Bible the process
which the Senator has now adopted in relation to
this report for our present edification and improve-
ment. I therefore want the whole of it read. I
am very anxious that we should examine it in all
its details, from beginning to end.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President 
Mr. WALKER. I rise to a question of order.
The reading of the report is called for. As I un-
derstand the Chair has decided it may be read, I
think the discussion is out of order until it is read.
The PRESIDENT. It. is-in the power of a
Senator to call for the reading of a report, but it
rests with the Senate to say whether it shall or
shall not be read.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall content myself with hav-
ing that portion read which relates to the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chair decide that it is in order to call for the read-
ing of the report?
The PRESIDENT. It is certainly in order
for any Senator to ask for the reading of a report
in relation to the subject-matter before the Senate;
but it is for the Senate to say whether it shall be
read or not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Then I hope
the question will be put to the Senate. I should
like to see the vote taken whether it is to be read
or not.
The question was then taken on having the re-
port read, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. FOOTE. I see the friends of the bill are
determined not to give us any light on the subject.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ATCHISON. I think the time has ar-
rived, or will very soon arrive when I ought to
answer a question which was put to me by the
Senator from Alabama a little while ago, whether
I would vote for a proposition to strike the appro- j
priation for the harbor of St. Louis from this !
bill. I am now perfectly satisfied, after what has
fallen from the Senator from Maine, the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, that this is one
of the most meritorious items in this bill, and '
therefore I will vote to retain it.
Mr. DOWNS. I have not examined the report
on this subject, but I happen to have some inform- (
ation in relation to it which I think is about as |
good as any report. I do not know that I am as
good at telling anecdotes as my friend from South 1
Carolina, [Mr. Bctler,] or my friend from Mis- i
sissippi, [Mr. Foote,] and some other gentlemen; 1
but I wish to relate one in relation to the harbor
of St. Louis. I will relate it in my plain way,
and I think it has some bearing on this subject.
I happened to be at St. Louis in 1846, just after
the adjournment of Congress, at which a bill was j
passed, but vetoed by President Polk, making ap- ;
propriations for these improvements, and I think [
there was in it an appropriation for the harbor of
St. Louis. I was not then a member of Congress,
but I happened to be traveling with a mender who i
was just returning. W e were on board of a steam-
boat at the landing of St. Louis, and were about
to depart, when some of our friends called to see ■
us. One among them, formerly from Louisiana, |
but who then lived at St. Louis, was a great ad-
vocate of the measure, and made us a very decided
speech in its favor. Pointing in one direction, he
said: "There you see the bar. That is a place
where the boats cannot land. Now, do you not see
what great utility the appropriation would be?"
Well, my friend, who had voted against the bill,
argued with him for a considerable time that if a
boat could not land there it could land somewhere
else. I thought it a pretty good argument, but
not being a member of Congress, and not having
voted on the subject, I listened very attentively,
and thought the member who voted against the
bill had the best of it. If a landing could not be
made there, why could it not be made anywhere
else ? In a very few moments another citizen of
St. Louis, and a very intelligent man, whose judg-
ment was entitled to great respect, not knowing
what we had been conversing about, came up and
began to converse on the subject. He said, " I
' can show you the absurdity of the appropriation.
' There is a parcel of people who live down in the
1 lower part of St. Louis who could make you be-
' lieve that, unless you make them a harbor there,
'the interests of the city will suffer materially.
' But it is a matter in which the nation is not con-
' cerned at all. It is a matter in which the people
' of the city are not concerned. They would just
' as soon have a steamboat land up here as dowyi
' there, but those who own property down there
' want it." This was the whole history of the
matter. This improvement would not be worth
a single dollar to the Union, or to the commerce
of St. Louis, but it was very important to persons
having property in the lower part of the city that
they should reinstate its value as it formerly ex-
isted.
If you must make a harbor for them you must
follow up the changes on the banks of the Missis-
sippi everywhere where these changes take place.
They very frequently occur in the Mississippi.
They are very frequent in the neighborhood of
New Orleans. The steamboat landing at thatcity
is now at a very different place from where it was
some years ago. A bar forms there exactly as at St.
Louis, so that boats cannot land with any kind of
convenience until some works are constructed^
And they have been constructed from time to time
at the expense of the city. This has also been
done in other parts of the State of Louisiana, and
they are frequently destroyed by the caving in of
the bank. Very large sums of money have been
expended in that way. Now, are we to adopt a
policy by which we shall make expenditures of
this kind; for the benefit of a particular city, when
larger expenditures of a similar kind have been
made by other cities ? I should like to know what
right St. Louis has to ask the United States Gov-
ernment to pay for exactly the same thing which
New Orleans has built for herself, and for which j
she has never asked anything from the Govern-
ment?
I think this is a fair sample of the bill. There j
is a particular interest in favor of having this bar j
removed, but the city of St. Louis, the State of !
Missouri, or the United States are not at all inter- ,
ested whether the steamboats land a hundred yards |
higher up or a hundred yards lower down. Sup- :
pose you make this improvement. Perhaps there •
will be a bar formed a few yards lower down,
which it will be just as important to remove, and !
then you have to extend the improvement down, j
I think there cannot be a stronger illustration of j
the impropriety, inexpediency, and injustice of ,
expenditures of this kind than the construction of
such a work. There are many other landings on !
the Mississippi which would have the same right |
and the same justice to claim a work of this kind. I
I suppose, if there is any reason for this bill, it is
to facilitate and increase the commerce of the
country. Now, I would ask gentlemen to show
me what difference it makes to the commerce of
the country whether a steamboat lands one hun-
dred yards higher up or one hundred yards lower't
down on the same side of the river? Will it make !
a difference of a single pound of freight or of mer-
chandise, or increase or lessen the expenditures ?
Will it make any changes in the revenues of the
Government? How, then, do you facilitate com-
merce by making this appropriation ? This is |
doing nothing for commerce, nothing for the na-
tion, nothing for the States; but it is appropriating
$50,000 to improve the property of proprietors at
particular places. Why, if it were submitted to
the people of St. Louis whether this improvement
should or should not be made, the majority of
them, or at least a very considerable minority,
would be unwilling to have it made. I do not
speak very positively, but there is a great differ-
ence of opinion in that city in regard to it. What
necessity is there for this appropriation? We
hear a great deal said about the necessity for har-
bors ofrefuge, places of safety, and places of land-
ing. Do we want harbors of refuge along the
banks of the Mississippi river ? If we begin to
make them, we shall have a great many of them
to make. Certainly there can be no argument of
this kind applied here. If there is an appropria-
tion for this point, many other points will have an
equal claim to it. I shall vote for the motion to
strike out.
I go for the improvement of the Mississippi and
of the Ohio and other great rivers as much as any
one, but I am opposed to interfering with the land-
ing of steamboats one hundred yards one way or
the other. If this appropriation is required for
St. Louis, in all justice and equality how can you
deny it to the city of New Orleans, which has paid
hundreds of thousands for her levees, and for
which you have never refunded her a dollar? She
should certainly be put on the same footing with
St. Louis. It would be great injustice and a want
of wisdom to make an appropriation of this kind.
It shows, too, the danger of going into these ap-
propriations. You cannot apply them upon prin-
ciples of justice. They operate unjustly and un-
equally. What right have you to appropriate
money in this way to a particular city, when you
fail to do so to others? You cannot distribute
them equally, and therefore, unless the necessity
is very great, you ought not to think of it.
I believe, then, whatever the engineers may say,
whatever may be their opinion, the improvement
in this case is unnecessary, and the only effect of
it would be to give a benefit to particular individ-
uals, and not to advance the public interests.
Therefore, although I have no hostility against
this or any particular measure, I shall vote for the
motion to strike out. There should be some ex-
planation given to show to the Senate, to show to
the country, to show every one, on what founda-
tions these appropriations are made, and to what
consequences they will lead. I hope, therefore,
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BORLAND. I simply desire to saj that
I do not think this is a proper appropriation.
With as much propriety can every village on the
Mississippi river, and every woodyard on that
river, claim such an appropriation. There is a
manifest injustice in it, and for this reason: If we
take away the sand-bar that is opposite St. Louis,
it must be deposited somewhere else, and then it
will inconvenience someother place. As theSen-
ator from Mississippi has said, this river is con-
stantly changing. When I first went to Mem-
phis, in 1837, there were several bars in the river
opposite that place, but since that time the whole
formation of the river has been changed. Ttie
landing has been made a mile lower down the
river than the point at which it existed at that
time. If this appropriation be made, 1 must in-
sist upon it that my colleague or myself shall have
an appropriation made for removing the bar from
the front of the town in which he resides, the
town of Sterling, near the mouth of the St. Francis
river; for I well know that in landing there, a
steamboat once had to make a circuit of half a
mile. [Laughter.] I shall insist upon it that the
bar shall be removed, also, from opposite the town
of Napoleon. There is just as much propriety
in removing the bars from opposite these towns,
as there is for removing the bar opposite St. Lou-
is. Besides, this will not be a permanent improve-
ment, and if made we shall accomplish nothing by
it. If we appropriate money to take away this
bar it will be deposited somewhere else, ana thus
injury will be done to some other town, and we
shall be called upon to remove it from thence.
Mr. PEARCE. I was not altogether ignorant
of the document from which an extract has been
read, which was submitted to Congress last Sep-
tember, but I had never seen it before. I find that
it was laid on the Speaker's table of the House on
the 19th of September last and ordered to b«
