1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Foote, Chase, Hate, Seward, fyc.
Senate.
man was led by me, the movement which pro-
duced great results originated in my motion; for I
believe it was on my motion that the Committee
of Thirteen was raised.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Clarke, Clemens,
Dawson, Downs, Foote, Greene, Morton, Norris, Rhett,
Rusk, Soul6, and Turney—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright, Cass,
Chase, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge
of Iowa, Ewing, Felcli, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, King, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Pratt, Rantoul, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Up-
liain, Wales, Walker, and Wlntconib—33.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to offer my amendment.
But, before I do so, as it is now approaching ten
o'clock, I suggest the importance of going into
executive session. There is very important busi-
ness to be acted upon, and this bill cannot be got
through with to-night, for there are various amend-
ments yet to be offered, the discussion of which
will consume much time. I therefore move that
the consideration of this bill be passed by in-
formally for the purpose of going into executive
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris in
the chair.) This bill must be disposed of in some
way first.
Mr. FOOTE. I then move to lay it on the table
for the present.
Mr. CHASE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose I can withdraw my
motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be done
by unanimous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; I object.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Downs, Foote, Hale, Ham-
lin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason,Morton, Norris, Rhett,
Rusk, SouM, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene,
Jones, Mangum, JUiller, Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian,
Seward, Shield*, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
Wales, Walker, and Whitcoinb—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to amend the bill in the
147th line, by striking out the word " two," and
inserting the word "four," and striking out the
words " and forty" in the next line, so as to give
$400,000, instead of $240,000, for the improvement
of the Missouri and Arkansas rivers. And in the
149th line, I move to strike out the word " fifty"
and insert the words " one hundred'' for the Illinois
and Tennessee rivers. I have frequently said, in
accordance with what was said so strikingly by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] that the
valley of the Mississippi has been unfairly dealt
with, and that I deem it my duty to endeavor to
improve this bill so that if it shall become a law it
will not do injustice to that part of the Union. It
is for that purpose I have offered these amend-
ments, not pledging myself to vote for the bill
even if they should De adopted. But certainly, if
these amendments are adopted, it will be evincive
of a disposition to do justice to that portion of the
Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS. Wehave reached the time
when there was a sort of tacit understanding that
we should adjourn. I move therefore that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator consents to
permit me to lay a resolution on the table. I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to do so.
Mr. TURNEY. I would like to know what
it is.
Mr. DICKINSON.
in relation to printing
Several Senators.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be read if it is
objected to.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to suggest to the Senate
the necessity of meeting to-morrow. I wish the i upon the Mississippi river; and the amount of
Senate to understand that there is indispensable '' property destroyed is incalculable. It is no argu-
' ' *" ' " " J ment to me that this bill is to be lost in the House
of Representatives; it passed the House before it
came here. I dislike this idea that we are bound
by the acts of the House. So far as I go, I intend
to go independently. We can act without the
estimates or judgment of any officer; if not, then
we must surrender our judgment, surrender our
opinions, since in the judgment of some gentlemen
the House will reject any amendment we shall
make. If we are to enter into improvements, the
Mississippi commands the attention of the coun-
try. It is not a mere appendage to be thrown in
to carry the bill through and to carry appropria-
tions along with it. A larger amount of commerce
floats upon the Mississippi than all the other rivers
besides. More human life is daily exposed and
business to be transacted.
The question on the motion to adjourn was then
taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs,
Hale, Houston, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
Phelps, Rhett, Rusk, Turney, Whitcomb, and Yulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Ewmg, Felch. Foote, Greene, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Hunter, Jones, Mangum, MUier, Pratt, Rantoul, Se-
bastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, Wales, and Walker—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Foote.
Mr. RUSK. I ask that the amendment maybe
The PRESIDENT. The question will first be ! there is more necessity for improvement'there than
taken on striking out "two" andinserting "four," , in any other section of the country. Yet in this
and on striking out the words " and forty." bill for internal improvement for general purposes,
Mr. CLEMENS. After that amendment has : there is appropriated for the Mississippi and its
been voted upoir I would inquire if it will be in tributaries only $240,000, in a bill that appropri-
nrder to move to strike out the word "Arkansas?" i ates two millions and a half. This is a sort of
' order to move to strike out the word " Arkansas?
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order whether
this amendment be adopted or not.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to say a word upon
the amendment, and incidentally upon the busi-
ness before the Senate. I have had some expe-
rience upon committees, and I have watched the
i operations of the last days of a session a little.
Now there is evidently time enough in which to
| complete this whole business and vote upon every
| important bill; but that is not to be done by a
' struggle between the friends of different bills, by
| a trial of muscle and endurance, and patience, but
by adjourning at aii early hour, and meeting at an
early hour on Monday morning.
Several Senators. To-morrow morning.
Mr. DICKINSON. No, sir; it will be scan-
dalous to meet in time of peace on the Sabbath
morning. If we come here early on Monday
i morning, and devote ourselves to business, we
can get a vote on every important bill and accom-
plish all that is to be done. I am anxious to vote
: on all these measures, and shall vote as I think
best when the question arises. But if time is
: taken up with discussion as to what bills shall be
taken up, and between different sections of the
Union for the mastery, all these important bills
' must be lost. Hence 1 voted for the adjournment,
: for I deem the time unprofitably spent upon ques-
tion of this kind.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from New York
says it would be scandalous to meet on the Sab-
bath. Does the Senator consider the circumstan-
of
equality with a vengeance. There are places
! scarcely known, for which large sums have been
appropriated in the bill, while the valley of the
Mississippi is put off with $240,000, and we are
| told we must take that or nothing. It would be
' vastly better to get nothing at all than to enter into
, this scramble, and surrender the rights of the Mis-
sissippi river merely for the purpose of carrying
the bill through. This great river should be the
J leading object in a bill for internal improvements,
' and not tacked on at the end when you appropri-
] ate two millions and a half; if you would ao jus-
I tice, one million of it at least should go to the
Mississippi and its tributaries.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sorry that my amendment
is received so unkindly by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, who seems to be entitled to represent more
than one State in this Confederacy; for he pro-
ceeds to tell the Senate that the particular friends
of this appropriation do not desire this amendment
to prevail. The amendment relates to several
rivers, not one of which runs wholly through the
State of Arkansas, as respectable and extended as
that State is. The amendment relates to the Mis-
souri and Arkansas rivers, and I would like to
know who authorized the Senator from Arkansas
to represent the local interests connected with the
great Missouri river? Who authorized him to
represent the interests connected with the Arkansas
river? The Arkansas runs through his State, but
does not 
Mr. BORLAND.
I call the Senator to order.
i ces in which we are placed? Does he remember : If he desires a personal controversy with me this
that there are important treaties to be acted upon ? 1 is not the place to seek it.
I would vote for meeting to-morrow, and I believe | Mr. FOOTE. I seek no controversy, but if
D am attacked 1 know how to defend myself.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not out of
order.
Mr. FOOTE. I attacked no man. The Sena-
tor from Arkansas attacked piy amendment. He
said that those most interested in the appropriation
were opposed to it. This makes me a sort of inter-
mediate link in this matter, and implies that I have
assumed to interfere with that of which I had no
right to speak. I understand that the Senator from
Arkansas is authorized to speak for Arkansas; I
and Arkansas rivers, making $400,000 appropria- >' that runs wholly m the State of Arkansas. If it
• meeting t
i it would not be acting in an unscriptural manner
either, since we know that it was recommended to
take the ox out of the mire on the Sabbath. The
j Saviour himself plucked ears of corn on the Sab- J j
i bath, declaring that the Sabbath was made for
man, and not man for the Sabbath. |
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
| amendment offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
I Mr. ATCHISON. I wish to call attention to
the fact that the amendment applies to the Missis-
sippi below the rapids, and the Ohio below the
That is what the Chair
tion for all of them.
The PRESIDENT.
stated.
I Mr. BORLAND. Before the question is taken
' I wish to make a remark, that my vote may not
' ■ • "■ e. How is it with regard to
How is he authorized to speak
did, with no greater depth and were no more navi-
gable than it now is, it would not be a river con-
stitutionally subject to improvement in the manner
proposed, more especially according to Mr. Cal-
houn's definition of what constitutes "a national
I understand that it would be necessary, in
#240,000 to $400,000. The eiieci. ui uu  ^     „ • „ :q w;th refard"to
say') foHf l^go^back* to'the'House they^will not - driverMissouri ? How is he authorized to speak
nnn ° „« rL he nh- , for the people upon the upper Missouri river more
It is one of form merely,
Read it.
give $400,000; $200,000 is as much as can be ob-
tained there. It is considered a liberal appropria-
tion, and the friends of the appropriation are sat-
isfied with it; and in voting against the amendment
I am voting to sustain the appropriation.
Mr. RUSK. I regard this as one of the most
important sections in the bill. During the short
time 1 have been here, (less than three months,)
there have been upwards of a thousand lives lost
emphatically than myself? I reside nearer to the
bank of the Mississippi than he does, within fifty
miles, and I believe the Senator resides in the
interior of Arkansas. I felt myself authorized,
therefore, to offer this amendment, interested as I
am in the improvements of the rivers which flow
down into the Mississippi, for I happen to reside
at a point below where all these rivers, the Ohio,
