353
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 1,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Borland, Foote, Downs, Clemens, &fc.   Senate. 
the Missouri, the Arkansas, mingle their waters
with those of the Mississippi. Therefore, I say
again, the Senator had no right, parliamentarily
speaking, to take upon himself to assert that those
who had the most right to speak upon this subject
were satisfied with that amendment. The Senator
has a right to act upon subjects relating to the in-
terests of his constnuents as he pleases, and if he
supposes the people of Arkansas will be satisfied
with him for attacking improvements intended for
their benefit, the responsibility will be upon his
own shoulders, and 1 do not object to his taking
it. But with my views of the importance of the
Arkansas as a great national river and the other
rivers embraced in the amendment, I cannot but
claim for the section of the Union that it is my
honor to represent its tair proportion of the money
proposed to be distributed by this bill, more espe-
cially as the honorable Senator from Kentucky
has told us this morning that the most heartless
injustice has been practiced toward that portion of
the country watered by the Mississippi and its
branches. With regard to a measure of this kind,
however the Senator from Arkansas may feel him-
self authorized to speak for his constituents, I
shall vindicate the section watered by the Missis-
sippi, maintaining her right to an equal share in
the distribution of the appropriation made in this ;
bill. I feel that I owe no apology to the Senator
nor to the Senate. The Chair has decided I was
right, and I trust the Senator knows me well
enough to know that, whilst I would not attempt
to overawe any one, I would not be overawed.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall not reply to what
seems to be a personality. The Senate will bear
me witness that I have never done so. It seems
to me to be a new feature in discussions on this
floor that a Senator cannot offer what he considers
sound and legitimate objections to a proposition,
without subjecting himself to the charge of as-
suming to speak for other States than his own. I
assume to speak for no State but my own, and
have not done so upon this bill. I have a right, and
with that right I hold it to be my duty, to speak
in opposition to an y proposition of which I do not .
approve. It is a right I shall assert—a duty I
shall perform. My opposition has nothing to do
with the views or wishes of the other States than
my own. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] says I have spoken for others. I have
done no such thing. I have said that if this amend-
ment shall be adopted, it will not only retard the
passage of the bill, but defeat it. So much I had
a right to do, and did it. I would do so again, "if
I believed it necessary. I repeat, I had nothing
to do with the purposes or the motives of the Sen-
ator who introduced the amendment. ] spoke of
the effect it would have. I believe that such as I
have stated will be the effect of it, and that no
other will result from it. I am perfectly willing
to take the responsibility before my constituents,
and that was my reason for desiring to speak on
the subject. This practice of threatening Senators
with their responsibility, I conceive, if it is not
actually unparliamentary, is certainly in very bad
taste. I hold myself responsible to my constitu-
ents, and to no one else; and I repeat the sugges-
tion to the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,]
that when he shall have settled accounts with his
own constituents, if he have any surplus capital
remaining, I will call on him for a loan; that is,
should I be so unfortunate as to need it in settling
with mine.
Mr. FOOTE. I have not attempted to fix re-
sponsibility upon any humaq being. I think the
Senator must have drawn somewhat upon his im-
agination for his facts. I have not supplied any
foundation for his remark. I simply said that,
whilst I did not consider the Senator competent to
represent all three States, he was perfectly com-
petent to represent all the local interests of his
own State; and, inasmuch as he was responsible
to his own constituents, I could have no objection
to the manner in which he thought it his duty to
treat the amendment which I proposed. If that
be offensive to the Senator, I must say I think his
taste is rather curious. He has suggested that I
complained that he undertook to represent more
States than one. I said he undertook to say that
the friends of the section of country to which this
particular amendment referred were satisfied with
the bill as it was. He undertook to say that em. 1
phatically. Well, the sections embraced in this
amendment are various sections of the country
besides Arkansas, and it was perfectly legitimate
for me to say, as 1 did with perfect courtesy, al-
though my manner might have been marked with
soipe earnestness, that it was not within the au-
thority of that Senator to speak for other States
than his own, and that I, as a Senator from Mis-
sissippi, have as much right to speak with regard
to the local interests which are embodied in the
improvement of this section, as the Senator from
ArKansas, for the reason that I live upon the Mis-
sissippi river and he does not, and I am a little
more interested in the navigation of the Upper
1 Mississippi than he can be.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate for a few moments to the section of the
bill now under consideration, as it has been well
said it is one of the most important which the bill
contains. This is that very portion of the river
winch all admit, who admit the power of Congress
to legislate upon the subject at all, is one that it is
proper should be embraced in such a bill as this.
The section applies to the Mississippi below the
| rapids, the Ohio below the falls, and the Missouri,
! Arkansas, Illinois, and Tennessee rivers. The
whole sum appropriated for this immense work,
; which embraces all the arteries of the great com-
j munications of the great West, is only $290,000.
Whereas, if we turn our eyes to Lake Erie, we
shall find appropriated for that single lake, which
with all its commerce—and I would not depreciate
"it—can by no estimate be compared to that of the
Mississippi or the Ohio below Louisville, and is
not superior to that of the Arkansas river or that
! of the Tennessee river.
| Mr. CLEMENS. It is not so much.
Mr. DOWNS. There is an appropriation of
three hundred and ten thousand dollars for that
lake. Now I put it to the common sense and jus-
tice of the whole world, if you are disposed to do
justice to the great Valley of the Mississippi. If
this is to be a Western measure, give them their
just proportion. Do gentlemen think they can
justify themselves to the world or to the nation,
while they refuse to these great works this proper
appropriation, which should be made, they give
seventy-five thousand dollars, as this bill does,
for a work on lake Erie—for some little harbors
that perhaps few or nobody ever heard of? There
are on that lake some great ports—Buffalo, Dun-
kirk, and Cleveland—places where there is con-
siderable commerce, and I am willing to facilitate
it; but in the appropriations for this lake there are
appropriations of $75,000 for little places that no-
body ever heard of.
" For Cattaraugus, $15,000." I have heard
very little of that place. I would ask, what is the
, commerce of that port ? Is it a port of entry at
all ? Are gentlemen prepared to give any informa-
tion on that subject? I think their silence implies
| that they are not quite so well acquainted with it
as they would have us believe.
1 Here is another: "For the improvement of the
I harbor at Conneaut, $15,000." Where is that?
What sort of a place is it? What is the popula-
tion? How many ships has it? Is it a port of
entry? Is there any revenue? Will somebody
answer me ? I will give way if anybody will say
what is the population, how many houses, what
is the commerce, whether anybody lives there,
and, if so, how many.
Well,let usgoon. " For the improvement of the
harbor at Cunningham's bay, $10,000." Where
is that? Are gentlemen prepared to tell? Are
there any estimates for that? Can any one tell
anything about that ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the gentle-
, man is really desirous to know, I can tell him.
Mr. DOWNS. I should like very much to
know.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman desires to know
something about Cattaraugus. If he will turn to
the reports, he will find that this is an old work; he
will find that it is the outer harbor of the city of
Buffalo, and that it is a very indispensable place of
refuge at certain seasons.
Mr. DOWNS. I did not know that Buffalo
had two harbors.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a place of great importance
as an outer harbor. I hope the gentleman will
, permit me, while I am up, to say a word about
I estimates for rivers. There are appropriated by
' this bill for the Mississippi and its tributaries,
$530,000. That is as much as the Department,
according to their view of the matter, can usefully
and economically expend in a year. It is not sup-
posed that Congress ought to make an appropria-
tion to remove all the difficulties which exist in the
rivers in one year, but that they should appropri-
ate as much as could be usefully and economically
expended in a year. The works to which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana has referred are generally
those which have been long in construction—works
which were begun years and years ago.
Mr. DICKINSON. If it is the harbor of
Cattaraugus creek of which the Senator speaks,
it is a harbor up the lake from Buffalo, about
twenty-five miles distant. They build ships of
considerable burden there, and it is very necessary
to have a harbor there as a place of refuge. The
business is already great, and constantly increas-
ing, and the necessity for appropriation there is
as great as for any place on the lake.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
make one more remark, which will be more satis-
factory than any other, perhaps. General Jack-
son signed a bill making appropriations for every
one of these places.
Mr. EWING. He did with respect to Con-
neaut also. But I should despair of teaching the
gentleman geography to-night. Most ofthese places
are those which the gentleman ought to under-
stand all about. We ought not, therefore, to go
into the matter; but when I have time I shall be
happy to explain to the Senator the situation of
these fine towns on the lake.
Mr. DOWNS. I perceive the gentleman is not
prepared to give any information on the subject,
but the gentleman cannot dodge the question in
that way. Cattaraugus is a place of which I had
heard before. But Senators seem not to know
anything about Conneaut, or Cunningham's hay.
Who lives there except Mr. Cunningham? How
many ships has that place ?
The Senator from Massachusetts refers to the
fact that General Jackson signed a bill relating to
appropriations for these places. If General Jack-
son signed the bills to which he has referred, so
long ago, and the places are still so insignificant
that nobody knows anything about them, not even
those from the same State, I think it is pretty
strong evidence that General Jackson and the Con-
gress that passed these bills were very much de-
ceived.
The Senator from Massachusetts says five hun-
dred thousand dollars are appropriated by this bill
for the waters of the Mississippi valley. How
many hundred thousand are appropriated for the
lakes or their borders, and for places of much less
consequence than the Mississippi ? Certainly more
than five hundred thousand dollars are appropriated
for these lakes, these Cunningham bays, and Big
and Little Soduseg. It is utterly preposterous.
You cannot make the people of the great West
believe that these great appropriations are proper
for these little places, when, while you allow these
large sums for them, you grant so little for the
more important one—that of the improvement of
the Mississippi and its tributaries. They will not
be satisfied, nor will the nation be satisfied. Here
is fifteen thousand dollars for the harbor at Ash-
tabula; for the harbor at the mouth of Grand river,
fifteen thousand dollars. The harbor at Cleveland
we know is of some importance. Then here is an
appropriation for the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, of ten thousand dollars, and for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of Vermil-
lion river. Who ever heard of that river? For
the improvement of the harbor at Monroe. Who
ever heard of that? Now making such appropri-
ations for places of this kind shows, in my opin-
ion, the extreme extent to which gentlemen are
disposed to carry this measure. The same thing
may be said of the other lakes—all of them. There
is a very large appropriation for Lake Champlain,
and the harbors on that lake, and for Lake Michi-
gan one hundred and ninety-seven thousand dol-
lars, and for Lake Ontario one hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars. They all have large
appropriations for improvements at these little
insignificant places that nobody has ever heard of.
Now I put it to the sense of justice of the Senate
and of the country, whether, when giving so much
