354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31 st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Atchison, Foote, Hale, Butler, fyc.
Senate.
the past history of this bill, that it is impossible
it can be taken up and disposed of without debate.
It was forced upon us on Saturday, at the immi-
nent peril and hazard of the appropriation bills;
and if it is now to be called up, I, for one, shall
despair of passing the general appropriation bills
at this session. Nor, is it so unfair in the minor-
ity, as the honorable Senator from Kentucky
seems to suppose, if they should oppose this bill
and propose proper amendments and speak on them.
The Senate will bear me witness thatupon this ques-
tion I have said nothing. Although opposed to the
bill, I have not participated in the debate; for I
was anxious to get up the general appropriation
bills, which were pressing upon us. But it is not
surprising, and it is not contrary to the genius of
our institutions that the minority should feel that
it was not right to take up such a bill as this. If
not the commencement of a new system, it is the
recommencement of an old one long since aban-
doned, or to a great degree abandoned; and to
force it through , under the pressure of the general
appropriation bills, which were then behindhand,
t was deemed the policy of the friends of the bill
to place the minority in a position in which they
either must be liable to be charged with the defeat
of these appropriation bills, or be obliged to take
that to which they had serious objection, without
even an opportunity to propose an amendment, or
without uttering one word in relation to it. Now,
sir, I submit whether it is fair, if there be a ma-
jority, for them to take it up under such circum-
stances, just at the close of the session? Why,
sir, I believe we expended something like a week
in debating the question of the reference of the
President's message to the Judiciary Committee.
One or two days of that time would have sufficed
to pass the river and harbor bill; one or two days
of that time would have sufficed to pass some of
the general appropriation bills which were press-
ing upon us. If, under these circumstances, this
bill is to be pressed at this time, I see no other
resource but that the general appropriation J|ills
will fail, and we shall have to be called together to
meet in an extra session, to supply the pressing
wants of the G o vernment. If that should happen,
sir, the responsibility will rest with the friends of
this Administration; for the Finance Committee
reported back those bills in as little time as it was
possible to have examined them; they have pressed
them with all their might, and have entreated the
Senate to take them up. But what was the course
of the friends of the Administration on Saturday,
in regard to the matter? With some few exceptions,
they voted against taking up these bills, pressing
forward the other, which it was known would lead
to debate and opposition; and, sir, amongst those
who debated that bill with the most earnestness
and at the most length were to be found the friends
of the bill itself. Was that the course for gentle-
men to pursue who were anxious to carry through
the measure—to get it through with as little loss
of time as possible? Surely not. I believe, if we
should take pains to compute the time and ascer-
tain who spoke most upon it, it would be found
that the friends of the bill themselves spoke most
in relation to it. But I now submit to the Senate
to say whether they will take up this bill, and thus
defeat the general appropriation bills, or whether
we shall devote the little time we have yet left to
us, now that the last sands of the session are
hastening away so fast, to the consideration of
the general appropriation bills. Sir, no matter
what may be tke decision of the Senate, I shall
submit and bow with all deference and respect to
it. I have done my duty; and, so far as I am
concerned, I am to be absolved from all responsi-
bility if an extra session should become necessary
in consequence of the course and action of the
Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. As one of the minority of
the Senate, opposed to this bill, 1 will vote with
its friends to take it up, and they may have fair
action upon it, but they may take the responsi-
bility. It will not rest upon me whether the bill
should pass or fail.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I trust I feel as
much liberality as any one else here. I am as much
inclined to accommodate honorable gentlemen as
any member of this body. There is no member
of this body who I am more inclined to accommo-
date than the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
He is one of those persons with whom I always
wish to agree. But on this occasion I cannot har-
monize with him in the views which he has taken.
I cannot concur with him in the desire he expresses
that this bill shall be taken up in preference to a"
other business, for the substantial reasons stated
by the honorable Senator from Virginia. I have
for the last two or three days solemnly urged upon
this body, with as much sincerity as a man could
possibly feel, the high national importance of act-
ing upon three treaties which have been recently
negotiated with foreign Powers, which must be
ratified at the present session of Congress, or they
will become nullities, by which important national
interests will become sacrificed.
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order. The
point of order I raise is, that no Senator shall dis-
close in open session what is before the Senate in
executive session.
Mr. FOOTE. I was overruled on that point the
other day.
The PRESIDENT. He is disclosing nothing
of the provisions of the treaty.
Mr. FOOTE. I have never been in favor of
hasty legislation upon any subject, particularly 011
matters which are of high national importance,
complex in their character, and in connection with
which great sectional interests are involved. I am
especially opposed to legislating hastily in support
of a system such as is exhibited in this bill,
which, in my opinion, if it shall receive the formal
sanction of this body, will be the commencement
of a series of acts of legislation corrupt and cor-
rupting, deeply contaminating to the political
morals of the country, and totally destructive of
the true prosperity and honor of this nation. It is
not because I am entirely hostile to the proposi-
tions contained in this bill that I thus oppose its
being taken up. I havealready avowed myself to
be in favor of it, so far as it has a national charac-
ter and is entitled to favorable consideration at the
hands of such a body as this; but, containing, as ;
it does, certain features in my judgment unconsti-
tutional, immoral, and contaminating in their tend-
ency, I should deem myself criminal in the high-
est degree if I did not use all the means within my
reach of preventing hasty legislation upon such a j
subject ]
I know it is said we are not to have any amend-
ments—that the House of Representatives had this '
subject under consideration the whole session. !
The bill is to be allowed to undergo the severest
scrutiny there. Honorable gentlemen there are to ,
be indulged in the most extended privilege of de-
bate. They are to be allowed to express their
views, to bring forward their propositions; a com-
pact is to be allowed to be acted upon there, but
when-that compact—for it is nothing more—comes
before us for our consideration, we are to be told
that this is the last day of the session, and that we
shall defeat certain important features of this bill,
which we sanction, if we do not decline offering
amendments and withdraw all opposition to the
bill. I cannot imagine any thing more mischievous
in legislation.
1 We are not sent here to engage in reckless legis-
; lation, but with the expectation that we will act con-
siderately, circumspectly, with due scrutiny, and
with a solemn regard to the important national in-
1 terest involved; that we will do nothing either to
j tarnish the dignity of national legislation or to con-
taminate the political morals of the people. If we
I pursue the course gentlemen urge upon us, I pre-
1 diet that censure will come upon us from quarters
from which censures are not expected to come.
There is hardly a judicious man or an honest pol-
itician in the whole land, when he comes coolly to
consider the effect of such a course of proceeding
as is now urged upon us, although he may have
felt deeply interested in certain portions of the bill
to which our attention is invited this morning, who
will not condemn us if we undertake to postpone
every other important measure, take up this bill,
and give it the dignity and potency of law, with-
out a due consideration of the various propositions
contained in it. Why, does not the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] know the
facts of the case ? I stated to him that there were
amendments to be offered by different members of
this body. The Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hops-
ton,] to my knowledge, has several amendments,
which will occupy hours of the time of this body
in their consideration. Other gentlemen, doubt-
less, also have amendments prepared; and are
they to be prevented frum offering them? Are
not their views to be considered? Are they not
to be heard, and allowed to present their opinions,
and their solid objections to such measures as
this? For my part, I intend to present no other
amendments, having offered such as I thought it
incumbent upon me to present. I am anxious to
extend to each member, even upon this the last
day of the session, if the consideration of this
measure is to be forced upon us, under all the in-
convenient circumstances of the moment, an op-
portunity of offering such amendments as he may
think proper, and of explaining them whenever ex-
planation may be necessary. Sir, I should scorn to
attempt by such means as have been suggested to
defeat legislation. I do not rise this morning for the
purpose of consuming the time of the Senate in vain
debate, so as to prevent the passage of this bill and
force its friends to abandon it: I stand up conscien-
tiously opposing the taking up of this bill at this
time to the defeat of the civil and diplomatic and
other appropriation bills, and the important trea-
ties to which I have referred. I stand up here to
urge upon this body that nothing like undue haste
in legislation shall take place upon a subject of so
much magnitude. I have presented no opposition
to this bill that was not conscientious. I have done
nothing in opposition to it that I have not deemed
it my duty to do. I have presented no objection
which I did not deem substantial—no argument
which the people of the United States will not in
sny opinion sanction. It is too much for honor-
able gentlemen to expect us, entertaining conscien-
tious doubts upon this subject, to consent to the
passage of this measure in its present extraordi-
nary amplitude. It is too much for honorable
gentlemen to expect that we can permit them to
take advantage of all the extreme circumstances
of the hour for the purpose of forcing us to give
: our sanction to an act of legislation which we
believe to be vicious in its character and greatly
' detrimental to the public interests. If the great
' public interests are to be sacrificed by the course
pursued here, it rests upon the friends of this meas-
ure, who are bound in an especial manner to give
their support to this Administration.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to know whether we,
who are charged with reports, are discharged from
our duty? If it is the general understanding that
! this debate is to go on, I for one shall be disposed
to leave the Senate.
One remark in reply to what was said by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. He has said,
with great confidence, that this bill will pass; that
j there is a majority in its favor. I take issue with
I him on that point. My deliberate opinion is that
j this bill would not have passed if it had been
j brought forward at an early part of the session;
! that it would not have passed had it been dis-
cussed; and that it can only be passed by being
brought forward at the close of the session, when
amendments cannot be offered. I do not under-
take to say that some bill of the kind would not
have passed; but it is very obvious that this bill
to nomine, would not have passed without import-
ant modifications and amendments.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the three prin-
cipal appropriation bills, upon which the support
of the Government depends, are yet to be acted
upon in the Senate. The civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill has been reported to the Senate,
and acted on as in Committee of the Whole, and
some fifty-odd amendments have been adopted;
the Army bill has not been reported to the Senate,
j and the Navy bill has not yet been referred to the
Committee on Finance, although they have been
1 examining its provisions. To that bill several—
and some of them very important—amendments
of a complicated character have been made by the
committee, which they have deemed absolutely
necessary. Now, if we do not immediately take
up these appropriation bills, and act upon them at
once, how is it possible that the House of Repre-
sentatives will be allowed any time—not to say fair
time, for that they cannot have—to consider to
any extent the various amendments to the civil and
diplomatic and Navy bill, unless they take them
on the faith of the Senate, and assume that the
Senate did what was right and proper, and that
their bills, as they went to the Senate, were im-
