356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Seward, Berrien, Hunter, Rusk, SfC. Senate.
am justified in saying that if it had been the sense
of the committee that any amendments should
have been entertained they would have favorably
entertained this, inasmuch as these works were
recommended and estimated for by the Department.
I feel it to be my duty to submit these appropria-
tions to the consideration of the Senate. I think
they are of great importance: I can speak partic-
ularly for the one for my own State; but I shall
not vote for the bill-if they be incorporated in it.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered, and, being taken, resulted
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Bradbury, Clemens, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Hamlin, Morton, Norns, Rantoul,
Rhett, Rusk, and Walker—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Foote, Greene, Hale, Houston,
Jones, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, Tur-
nev, Underwood, Upham. Wales, Whitcomb, and Yulee—
40.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, the decision
which has just been made by the Senate precludes
any idea of a possibility of obtaining any altera-
tion of this bill, however meritorious may be the
proposition submitted to the consideration of the
Senate. However palpably wrong may be any
provision of the bill, it is determined not to alter
it at all. Here we have a proposition ^submitted
by the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
in relation to a matter which was regularly referred
to him, upon which the Department has been con-
sulted, and which the Department has recommend-
ed, which recommendation is accompanied by an
estimate, and the Senate has refused to admit it.
I should add that, according to the statement of
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
that proposition would have been favorably re-
ported upon by the committee which reported this
bill, but that they had determined that no amend-
ment whatever should be made to it. The p*i-
ciple, then, upon which we are legislating is sim-
ply this: We are to take the bill as it comes from
the House, whatever maybe its deficiencies, what-
ever may be its intrinsic faults.
I know that, under such circumstances, it is ut-
terly impossible to accomplish the object which 1 j j
have in view. Still it is my duty, in behalf of my
constituents, to submit an amendment which I
hold in my hand. I propose to submit an amend- 1
ment for the improvement of the navigation of the
river Savannah, between the cities of Savannah
and Augusta; and not being desirous of taking up
the time of the Senate, I wish simply to state that 1
there are obstructions in that river, natural ob- [
structions, such as bars, &c., capable of being re-
moved. It floats on its surface an amount of prod-
uce and merchandise probably as great as any
one of the southern rivers. And I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that this bill
proposes to appropriate the sum of $80,000 for i
removing obstructions in the river Hudson above :
and below the city of Albany. While in regard \
to that portion of the river below Albany, it might
be sustained by the argument that it is a great line
of commercial communication, yet in regard to
that which is above Albany no such argument 1
can be adduced.
The navigation of the river Savannah, connected
as it is at Augusta with the Georgia railroad, and
on a great line of commercial communication, it
is very important should be improved. This will
no doubt share the fate of the other amendments
which have been proposed to this bill. I, how- ;
ever, fulfill my duty by submitting it and asking for
the yeas and nays. The amendment is to add—
" For the improvement of the navigation of the Savan- !
nah river, between the cities of Savannah and Augusta,
$50,000."
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being ,
taken, resulted— j
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Clemens, Dawson, Morton,
Rhett, Rusk, and Soule—7. 1
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodire of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Foote,
Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, Mangum, Mason, ,
Miller, Norris, Pratt, Rantoul. Sebastian, Seward, Smith, j
^pnmnee. Sturgeon.Turncv, Underwood, Upliain, Wales, '
alker, Whiteomb, and Yulee—43.
So the amendment was rejected.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had adopted a resolution
suspending the sixteenth joint rule of the two
Houses so as to authorize the sending to the Sen-
ate of House bill No. 463, to authorize a regiment
of infantry to be converted into an additional regi-
ment of mounted men.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, so as to ask for a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate, as there is another subject
before the Senate.
Objection being made, the bill was not taken up.
Mr. RUSK. I propose to amend the bill by
adding as an additional section the following:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the moneys appro-
priated herein for improvements in particular States shall
be expended upon such objects as may be designated by
such boards of public work* as are in existence or may be
hereafter constituted or appointed within the States in which
the expenditure is to be made."
Mr. CLAY. I ask the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the yeas and nays will be
ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say but a very few
words, for I do not wish to consume the time of
the Senate. I regard this as an important amend-
ment. I do not entertain the constitutional scru-
ples of some gentlemen as to the power of the
General Government to make internal improve-
ments of a national character, but it is a dangerous
power, one that is more dangerous to the exist-
ence of this Government than perhaps any other
invested in the Congress of the United States.
The important bearing which a bill for internal
improvements may exercise in political operations
on the election of President of the United States
is too well known. The experience of the past in
relation to improvements for particular localities
for the purpose of commanding votes is also too
well known to require animadversion here.
If this money is appropriated, it should be for
the purpose of improving the commerceof the coun-
try; and it should be done under such rules and
regulations, and not by favoritism to particular
sections, as each State might prescribe to carry on
the works within its limits. It is important that
a bill of this description should not be allowed to
engross the whole revenue, but that some plan
should be devised to prevent undue expenditure
for rivers and harbors, and for the extension of
commerce. In this bill the entire expenditure ef this
money, after it shall have been appropriated, falls
into the hands of the executive Government, and
gives them, in addition to the patronage they al-
ready possess, an immense power, and enables
them to control the country; because it is a fact, a
notorious fact, that we have made appropriation
after appropriation to be expended in one locality,
and after a lapse of time no improvements of any
importance have been made. Under such circum-
stances, it is a matter of importance, in my opin-
ion, that there should beadivisionof responsibility
here; and if you turn over the appropriations for
any particular State to the board of public works
which may be in that State, you divide the re-
sponsibility between the executive officers and
that State; and, in the next place, you throw it
into the hands of persons who, from their local
knowledge, must be better qualified to judge what
improvements must be made than an executive
officer, who perhaps has various other matters to
attend to. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say a few words
in regard to this matter, and present a view which
I deem it my duty to present. 1 agree with the
general views laid down by the Senator from
Texas, and I agree in the general character of his
remarks. But in the practical operation of this
amendment, I agree with him that it will act bene-
ficially. I do not know how many of the States of
the Union have a board of public works; but I know
that in my own State we have no such board.
The Legislature meets but once in two years, and
has just adjourned. The consequence will be that
my State will be entirely excluded for the next
two years from all benefit from this appropriation.
The amendment was rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Clemens. Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson. Foote, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Morton,Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Soule, Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger. Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dodge of Wi-eonsm, Dodge of Iowa, Dong-
las, Ewing, Greene, Hale, Jones, Mangum, Mason, .Miller,
Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward. Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, ITpham, Wales, and Whitcomb—31.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have the following amend-
ment, which I desire to offer, to come in at theend
of the bill:
" And it is hereby expressly provided that the appropria-
tions in this Iiill contained shall take effect upon and au-
thorize the expenditure of only such surplus or excess as
shall remain in tile Treasury of the United States after de-
ducting the expenditures of the Government, according to
the appropriations that have been or shall be made by l on-
gressfroni the public revenues."
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to present a dis-
tinct issue whether 'we are to commence a career
of running in debt for improvements of this char-
acter. I present an amendment which authorizes
the expenditure of any surplus of money that we
have, or may have, and to withhold the appro-
priations until our Treasury shall be in such a
situation that we shall have something to expend.
I want that distinct issue to be made, and I want
that to go out to the country as an issue, whether
we will run in debt for expenses of this kind, and
mortgage the farms of the country for improve-
ments of this character, 1 wish people to under-
stand what is proposed; that instead of appro-
priating from an overflowing Treasury moneys
which we have, it is now proposed by this bill
that we shall commence a system of borrowing.
There are but three resources—increase of duties,
direct taxation, or borrowing. The duties now
imposed upon a large number of articles are so
large that it is doubtful whether we shall increase
the revenues by increasing the duties. Certain it
is, if we undertake to increase the duties with the
view of keeping pace with the expenses which
will be involved in the system to be commenced
by this bill, foreign commerce must sink under the
burden. It will be in vain to attempt, by duties
upon imports, to obtain a revenue adequate to
meet the wants of the Treasury if the system pro-
posed by this bill be commenced. We then must
meet the wants of the Treasury by direct taxa-
tion, or the other mode which I have mentioned.
Are the friends of this bill prepared to say that
they are willing to impose a direct taxation on the
people of this country? I apprehend not. Then
it comes down to this, that we are to commence a
system of borrowing which is to lay the founda-
tion of a great public debt. When can we pay it
if we commence it now? This is a time of peace,
when there should be no unusual expenditure; it
is a time of prosperity throughout the country.
Most of the interests of the country at the present
time are in a flourishing and healthy condition,
and if our expenditure cannot at such a time be
so reduced as to come within our revenues, pray
tell me when can we pay such a debt if we cannot
at this time? Will any friend of the bill point to
a time .when we may expect that our revenues
will exceed our expenditures? Will it be next
year? What warrant have we for saying that the
revenues will be greater then than now, or that
the expenditures will be less? Will it be the year
following? It is looking forward to an indefinite
period for payment. It is in fact commencing the
foundation of a great public debt never to be paid.
This is what is proposed.
We are now at this time, at the close of the
session, called upon to enter upon a new career.
We are called upon to commence the foundation
of a great national debt, a debt never to be paid,
and which it is not contemplated will ever be paid.
I want the country to understand that this is no
ordinary measure, that this is not a scheme to ap-
propriate a surplus in the Treasury, but it is to
lay the foundation of a great national debt, a debt
for which the property of the country is to be
taxed. I am willing to make this issue, and to go
out and inquire of the farmers in the immediate
vicinity of these improvements, if they are willing,
if they desire their representatives to mortgage
their property for works of the doubtful character
of which a considerable portion of the items of this
bill are composed ? I wish to see if they desire
that we shall enter upon tliia career, which will
