358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivert and Harbors—Messrs. Clarice. Rhett, Mason, Bradbury, fyc.
Senate,
for the purpose of carrying on a system of inter-
nal improvements or not; whether, in a time of
profound peace, at a time when the amount of
revenue 'collected exceeds that collected at any
other time, when there is the most general pros-
perity throughout the whole Union, we will lay
the foundation of a national debt, instead of fol-
lowing the wise doctrine of Mr. Jefferson, to con-
tract debts in time of war and pay them in time of
peace. It seems we aie about to begin a practice
which will accumulate a national debt, ana which
will only end in bankruptcy, or lead us to such a
condition as is now existing in Great Britain. I
hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words " and for the payment
of the present national debt."
Mr. RHETT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I think the country, or at any
rate that part of it from which I come, will hold
itself indebted to the honorable Senatorfrom Maine
for the amendment he has moved to this bill. The
country will be indebted to him for letting them
know who do and who do not advocate the policy
to incur debt for the purpose of carrying on inter-
nal improvements. We have been admonished
more than once by the honorable gentleman who
is at the head of the Committee on Finance, and
by other gentlemen who belong to that committee,
that it is necessary, in order to avoid an increase
of the burdens of the people by taxation, to cut
down the proposed expenditures for the ordinary
purposes of the Government. We were informed
two days ago by the Senator who is at the head of
the Finance Committee that the Secretary of the
Treasury asked the power of issuing five millions
of treasury scrip, in the form of a loan, to meet
the current expenditures. In this state of the
finances of the country, what do we find? We
find that a bill to incur an expenditure of two and
a half millions for the purposes of internal im-
provement, and for improvements which honor-
able Senators who are friendly to the bill regard as
improper, is to be pressed through the Senate at
the risk of losing the general appropriation bills of
the session.
Sir, on Saturday last, when the Senate had the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill under con-
sideration, the Senator from North Carolina moved i
to lay it aside in order to take up this measure, and
a majority of the Senate sustained him in the mo-
tion. The whole of Saturday up to midnight was
consumed in its discussion, and here we are in
the last day of the session; the measure has again
been brought up, and gentlemen who are opposed
to it are told that upon their shoulders will devolve
the responsibility of defeating the measures of ap-
propriation for the support of the Government if
they continue their opposition to this bill. I am
ready to maintain my opposition before the coun-
try. I am perfectly prepared for any part of the
responsibility which may devolve upon me. I
will never agree that this bill shall be taken, as the
Senator from Kentucky expresses it, the good and
the bad together. I have taken no part in the dis-
cussion of this matter. My opposition to the bill
in every part is fixed, and I will not yield any
right which I hold here as a Senator, nor will I
forfeit the duty I owe to my constituents, to sus-
. tain every objection of which I think this bill is
susceptible. This amendment is one which will
test the question whether the Government is to go
into debt in order to carry on these improvements.
If that be the policy of the country, let my people
understand it. Whether we are right or wrong,
in the southern part of the country we entertain
the fixed opinion that a far undue share of the con-
tributions to the public Treasury come from that
quarter of the country, and that a corresponding
amount is not expended there. If it is the policy
of this Government, then, to carry on improve-
ments, let it be decided by the vote on this amend-
ment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think the amendment to
the amendment as it is worded destroys the sense
of it. I hope the Senator will withdraw it.
Mr. CLARKE. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. It can only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent, as the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
There being no objection, the amendment to the
amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted as follow:
yeas—Messrs. Atcllison, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright,
Butler, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson^ Dickinson,
Downs, Foote, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Pearce, Rhett, Rusk, Soulo, Sturgeon,
Turney, Walker, Whitcomb, and Ynice—27.
NAYjS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch, Greene,
Hale, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
and Wales—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASS rose and observed, That he was op- 1
posed to the increase of the public debt, or to the )
imposition of new taxes, and that he intended to
offer an amendment, which would enable him to
rote for the proposition. By misunderstanding
the state of the question, he had lost the opportu-
nity, and he desired now to state his views, and
the change he deemed necessary.
I repeat (said Mr. Cass) that I am in favor of
the great principle of keeping the expenditures
within the receipts, and I am prepared to sup-
port it, if the deficiency is thrown equally upon
all the objects of expenditure, which are in the
same circumstances. I agree that the author-
ized and usual expenses of the Government—those
sanctioned by existing laws, and the private claims,
which have become acknowledged debts by our
legislation, should be first met. We cannot avoid
these without the most serious injury, and without
the palpable violation of a moral duty. But I
cannot extend this immunity any further than ,
our existing obligations. I cannot consent, that all !
the excess should be thrown upon the river and 1
harbor appropriations. It is not just. There is a
vast variety of objects, for which we are providing
with railroad rapidity, and amid a railroad noise
and confusion, which are far inferior in real import-
ance and utility, to many of those contemplated j
by this bill. Among them are appropriations made .
or anticipated for the Capitol, for mints, custom-
houses, post offices, steamboat lines, and books—
no inconsiderable source of expense—and many
other purposes, all of which may be delayed, and
many of which may be omitted without injury to
the public service. I repeat, sir, it is unjust,
flagrantly so, to throw all the deficiencies upon the
river and harbor bill, and leave everything else to
goon, money or no money. I propose to the Sen-
ator from Maine to accept an amendment which '
will carry out this view, and I will then vote for i
his proposition.
Mr. BRADBURY. My amendment has been 1
voted upon, but an amendment can be framed in-
cluding my amendment and the amendment of the
honorable Senator.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator had better [
prepare his amendment.
Mr. CASS. Nobody can read it if I do.
Mr. BUTLER. So much the better.
Mr. Cass and Mr. Bradbury being in consulta-
tion—
Mr. BERRIEN rose and said: While the Sen-
ator from Michigan is preparing his amendment I ,
desire to take the sense of the Senate upon a prop- !
osition which I wish to offer. Will the Senator
yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move to strike out the clause
" for removing the obstructions in the Rio Grande
river, Texas, *25,700." I desire simply to say
that the boundary between the United States and
Mexico is the middle of the Rio Grande, and
that this appropriation is in terms an appropriation j
of money to be expended beyond the limits of the
United States; that it interferes with a river which j
is the common property of Mexico and the United
States, in which this Government has no right to
interfere in any way which may affect the inter-
ests of Mexico, without the consent of that Gov-
ernment. I do not raise this objection, or make
this proposition, for the purpose of consuming the
time of the Senate. Having stated the grounds
on which the amendment is offered, I simply con-
tent myself with asking for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I have but a word to say. The
expenditure made by this bill is to be under the
control of the executive Government. If any
collision, sucjh as the Senator from Georgia appre-
hends, occurs in improving the Rio Grande, as a
matter of course it will not be done unless by
some understanding with the Mexican Govern-
ment in relation to it. If, however, that is not the
case, we have half the river, and does it follow
that the Mexican Government can prevent us from
improving it? If ft does, the same argument would'
prevent our using it at all. This is one of the na-
tional objects in the bill. This river is the frontier
between the United States and Mexico, and is navi-
gablefor some seven or eight hundred miles. In ad-
dition to that, it is very important to the commerce-
of the southwestern section of the country,, which
was upwards of five millions last year, and ac-
cording to my apprehension will be ten millions
in the course of a year or two.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say a word in
answer to the suggestion of the Senator from T exas,
The Rio Grande is the boundary between this
country and the Republic of Mexico. In relation
to the improvement of the river, that which may-
be very desirable to us may not be desirable to
them, and might not in the view of the Mexican
Government be consistent with their interests, their
wishes, or their caprices. They are joint owners
with us of this river. We cannot make an appro-
priation without their consent which might involve
their rights, relying on the Executive to take care
that this should be done, without a violation of the
provisions contained in the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Borland, Bright,Clem-
ens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs,
Foote, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris,
Rhett, SoulS, Sturgeon, Turney, Whitcomb, and Y ulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clarke,
Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Fetch, Greene, Hale,
Houston, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pratt, Rajiloul, Rusk,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, Wales, and Walker—31.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend
the 152d line by striking out the word " repair,"
and inserting the word " removal," so as to make it
read:
" For the removal of the dam at the head of Cumberland
island, in the Ohio river, $50,000.''
Mr. President, on a former occasion, when an
appropriation was asked for this purpose, I ad-
dressed some remarks to the Senate in favor of it.
I held then,as now, that the work which had been
made by the Government of the United States was
an obstruction to the navigation, and constituted a
nuisance, an infringement of the right of all per-
sons to navigate that national highway, and that
our duty was to abate the nuisance. I believed
then it could be done more easily by repairing the
dam than by removing it. I then voted for repair-
ing it. Since that time I have had a favorable op-
portunity of seeing the obstruction, and have be-
come convinced that it can be more easily removed
than repaired so as to answer the purpose. It is
known to many that hear me that the dam was
constructed with a view to throw the waters from
the Kentucky side, so that they should run down
by the mouth of the Cumberland river. I think
there has been a change in the bearing of the
current; and I do not believe that now, if any en-
gineer were to go on the ground to determine the
question whether the obstruction should be thrown
across the channel, there would be found one who
would propose to close the channel with a dam.
The circumstances are very different from what
they were when the work was commenced. The
channel has been filling up ever since, and at low
water it is very difficult to get over the bar. In
view of these circumstances, I think the true mode
would be to remove some portion of the right end
of the dam, which would open a passway into the
stream below. I trust the Senate will adopt the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I more to strike out
in the 164th line the word "fifty," and insert the
words " one hundred," so as to make the clause
read:
" For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids of
the Mississippi river, $100,000."
Because of the great favor with which all amend-
ments have been met, and knowing the very great
