1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESStONAti GljQBE.
859
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
Rivera and Harbors—-Messrs. Rusk, Norris, Clay, Hale, fye,
Senate.
anxiety of the Senate to adopt this amendment, I
will not call the yeas and nays nor makea speech.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I rise for the purpose of asking
the Senate to take np the bill in relation to cheap
postage. The House hare agreed to the Senate s
amendments, with some very slight amendments.
The bill, being thus perfected, will require no time
for discussion. I hope the Senate will unanimously
agree to take it up and dispose of it. I simply ask
the unanimous consent to take up the bill, so that
we may concur in the amendments of the House.
Mr. NORRIS. I object, until this is disposed of.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his objection. I believe the amendments of the
House are an improvement to the bill. However,
it will make no very great difference, far I am as-
sured that if the House see that the amendments
cannot be acted upon, die House will reconsider
their action and agree to our amendments without
any amendments.
_ Mr. CLAY. There will be time enough to con-
sider that subject. I therefore object to its present
consideration.
Mr. HALE. I see a disposition not to lav the
bill aside; but I must discharge my duty, and ask
the Senate unanimously to lay it aside, to enable
me to introduce some resolutions which have been
passed in New Hampshire in favor of the com-
promise measures of the last session. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. I have an amendment to offer
which I think is founded on principles of justice
and equity to the various States of the Union and
to the United States. It is to add the following
proviso:
AwiW, That all the appropriations arie by tbia act
for the improvement of riven above tide water, excepting
the Mississippi, sball be drawn out of the money deposited
with the State or States in which the improvements are to
fee made, aad the President shall cause drafts to be drawn
on said Slate or Bates in eonforawtyttt tie acta passed to
make said deposits with the States for such amounts a*
may be necessary, if (be amoanton deposit with saah State
or States be sufficient; if not, the balance shall be drawn
from Hie Treasury.
This money has been deported with the States,
and it can be drawn out. It is the money of the
General Government. A large proportion of it in
Georgia has beta used in opening rivers up to the
highest point of steamboat navigation, and rivers
have b«wn made navigable for the benefit of die
whole country. In other States themoney depos-
ited kfcs been used for other purposes. Now, what
do you propose to do? Here are several States,
including portions of the country which are rep-
resented by about ninety representatives id the
other branch of die National Legislature, that ask
you to appropriate to them additional sums of
money for the purpose of rendering certain streams
navigable. The reply I make to them is this:
Georgia has not a dollar of appropriation for rivers
above tide water in this bill; and if she has pru-
dently, with the ftinds which the General Govern-
ment deposited with her, made her streams navi-
gable, why will you borrow money and then tax
her people to give to those States which also have
money on deposit-and will not use it for that pur-
pose?
The taw of 1836 gives Congress the power to
recall this money from the States, and Congress
has the right to do so. Now, what a  you doing?
You are making an appropriation of $3,300,000
when you have not a dollar m the Treasury to ap-
propriate for the purpose, and when every dollar
m the Treasury is required for otherpurposes. But
at the same time you have this amount of money
on deposit with the seVertl States, and Why not
manfalty come up and claim the amount due to
you, ana make each State in which these improve-
ments are to be made advance the money neces-
sary for that purpose ? It is right and just that it'
should be so. Suppose New York has prudently
used her money for her interftal improvements, is
it any reason why that great Stdte*h*raMadva«ce
a large proportion of the money you are now ap-
propriating, when every State has already had its
equal share in your funds? Then I say, if we pass
the bill, let the appropriations be taken from each
State where the improvement is to be made in pro-
portion to the quantity which they may have. I
ask the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words '"above tidewater."
I do not see what distinction can be drawn between
rivers above and below tide water. I do not see
what distinction can readily be made between the
power to make improvements on salt water and
on fresh water. I therefore move this amendment
to make it apply generally to the improvement of
all rivers. If adopted, it will apply to the general
improvement of rivers without reference to tide
or salt water. For rav own part, I intend to vote
against the whole bill in its present shape, and
therefore I do not take much interest in these little
matters.
Mr. DAWSON. I accept the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois. I only put in the words
because I thought there were a number of gentle-
men who ran the Constitution up with the tide.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out the last clause of the amendment, in these
, words: " And if not, the balance shall be drawn
from the Treasury."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to say that I do not wish
to be understood by my vote as giving my sanc-
tion in perpehio to the principle of this provision,
but as a matter of expediency applicable to this
case.- I shall vote far it.
Me. CASS. I do not precisely understand the
object of the honorable Senator from Georgia.
Does he mean that in all those States in which
, deposits happen to be made, they shall be with-
drawn for this purpose, without reference to the
] source whence they were derived ?
Mr. DAWSON. Oh, no. Theamendment spe-
cifies particularly to what it applies.
The question being taken on the amendment, by
yeas and nays, resulted as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berries, Clemens, Davis of
Mtswsainpi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Houston, Banter,
King, Mason, Morton, Noma, Rhett, Soule, and Tur-
ne&AYS—Meemn . Batter,1 BaMwin, Bed, B*teM,%ight,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Dams of Maaaaehin
setts, Dickinson,. Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
, . w 1 £ illullgv uk iuvtmj
DouglttM, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Bale, Hamlin, Mangum,
MiHer, Pratt, Rantoul, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Underwood, Upftam, Wales, walker, and Whltcomb—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRADBURY. Inow1 offer an amendment
somewhat similar to one which I offered before,
but which has been modified to meet certain -views
which have been expressed. It is to add at the
end of the bill the following:
" And it is hereby expressly provided that the appropria-
tions in this-bill contained shall take sftcct upon sad aa-
thorize the expenditure of only such surplus or ezeess as
shall remain in the Treasury of the United States, after de-
ducting from the public revenues the sums necessary to
meet the appropriations that have been or shall be made
by Congress to execute existing lam and liquidate private
claims."
Mr. EWING. Is that in order?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will examine
die amendment which has just been offered and
the amendment of the Senator front Maine which
wasngected.
Mr. CASS. If die Chair will examinetheamend-
ments he will find a great difference between them.
They are totally distinct propositions.
Tne PRESIDENT. The amendment which
has just been offered seems to be die same as that
first offered by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Bradbury,] which was voted down, except that it
mentions appropriations to execute existing laws
and liquidate private claims. The Chair cannot
well distinguish between the two classes of appro-
priations. Appropriations for the liquidation of
private claims must be by law. The amendment
seems, therefore, to be substantially the same
amendment which has been rejected.
Mr. CASS. The Chair will observe the differ-
ence between the two propositions. The original
amendment of die Senator from Maine-required
the deficiency to be.thrown on this bill. This re-
quires the deficiency not to be throws on this bill
alone, but on all bills except for the objects speci-
fied—to carry into effect existing laws and to liqui-
date private claims. - It does not throw any defi-
ciency, if there should bea deficiency, on all classes
of appropriations. It extends to appropriations
for the Capitol, for custom-houses, for new lines
of steamers, because these are not required by the
provisions of existing laws. The two amendments
age totally different. I intended to have offered
this as an amendment to the proposition of the
Senator from Maine, but I had not aa opportu-
nity.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to give the reasons
which operate on me in regard to this question. I
think the two propositions are identical in effect at
least.
The PRESIDENT. The matter is not a sub-
ject of discussion.
Mr. BORLAND. As other Senators were of-
fering their views, I thought it would be in order
for me to do so.
The PRESIDENT. This appears to be sub-
stantially the same amendment that was before
rejected, although the phraseology has been some-
what altered. But, as there seems to be a differ-
ence of opinion on the subject, the Chair will have
the amendment which was rejected and the amend-
ment now proposed read; and it will be for the
Senate to say whether it is in order to introduce
the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I offer this amendment net
with a view of consuming time.
Several Senators. Order! order'.
Mr. BRADBURY. I believe the question of
the reception of the amendment has been submit-
ted by the Chair to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair stated that this
seemed to be substantially the same amendment
which had been rejected, but that, inasmuch as
there seemed t  be a difference of opinion with re-
gard to it, he would have the amendments read,
and leave it to the Senate to determine whether the
amendment should be received.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I am in order. I
understand the difference between the two amend-
ments to be this: The first amendment required
that all appropriations should be deducted from
the public revenues before anything was to be
taken for the purposes of this bill. This only re-
quires that such parts of the other expenditures as
ate required to meet existing laws and pay debts
shall be made before the application of ate appro-
priations made by this bill.
I wish to say, in justice to myself, that I did
not offer this amendment from any wish to con-
sume time unnecessarily, but because it seemed to
be the desire of a great many around me that I
should offer it.
Mr. BORLAND. As the question has been
submitted to the Senate and left open to discus-
sion, I desire to express the views which I enter-
tain in relation1 to it. Whatever may be the ob-
ject of the amendment, its effect is precisely the
same aa that of the amendment of the Senator
from Maine which haa been rejected. It is calcu-
lated to have the effect of rendering the bill alto*
gether inoperative for die purposes for which it is
proposed to be passed. I think, if the bill be
passed with this amendment, it will amount in ef-
fect to so much blank paper.
[A message -was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that the House had
passed Senate bills No. 251 and No. 483—an act
to limit the liability of ship-owners, and for other
purposes, and an act to amend an act allowing
compensation to members of the Senate and mem-
bers of the House of Representatives; and also
that they had adopted a resolution so as to author-
ize the transmission to the Senate of House bill
No. 297, making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, (fcc., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same.}
Mr. BRIGHT. The question is on accepting ■
the amendment offered by die Senator from Maine,
and the point arises whether it is the same or a
distinct proposition from th6 one whioh he before
offered. If it be the same, the Senate cannot re-
ceive it. If it involves a separate and distinct
principle, we can receive it. The original propo-
sition of the Senator from Maine provided, aa I
understand, that if, after taking out all appropria-
tions, ordinary and Extraordinary, any excess
should remain, that -excess was to be applied to
satisfy the appropriations made by this bill. The
proposition, as he now offers it, provides that the
ordinary expenses of the Government shall be
met, and then that the excess shall be applied to
the execution of this law. This is certainly a dis-
tinct proposition from the other, and is just the
proposition we wish to get at: thatthe money ap-
propriated in this bill for objects that are really
national in their character shall be applied for such
