860
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Clay, Berrien, Ewing, Hale, Cass, fyc.
Senate.
objects before they are applied for steam lines,
dry-docks, and various appropriations that are
local in their character. I think this is the most
important principle which has been presented since
we commenced the discussion of this measure. I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CLAY. Is the question upon the adoption
or reception of the amendment?
The PRESIDENT. Merely upon the reception
of the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. Is this the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Michigan?
A Senator. The same.
The PRESIDENT. The question for the Sen-
ate to decide is simply whether this issubstantially
or identically the same amendment which was pre-
viously offered by the Senator from Maine. If it
is, it cannot be received; if is not, it is the duty of
the Senate to receive it.
Mr. BERRIEN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the question is
simply whether the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan is in order.
The question being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Clem-
ens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs,
Felch, Foote, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, ,Soult\ Sturgeon, Turaey,
Whitcomb, and Vulee—25.
IVAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Clarke, Clay,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evvjng, Greene, Hale, Jones,Man-
gum, Miller, Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Upham, and Wales—24.
So it was decided that the amendment was in
order. 1
Mr. EWING. Never was there an amendment
more skillfully devised and more beautifully adapt-
ed to the destruction of a bill, in a quite friendly
and patronizing way, than this amendment of the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as
applied to this bill—
" Thou hast the pretty worm of Nilus there
That kills and pains not."
Mr. HALE. That is the intention of it.
T Mr. EWING. And the handiwork of a pro-
fessed friend of the bill. If it is examined closely
it will be found that, even if it do not defeat the
bill, it must be absolute and certain destruction to
every dollar of appropriation in it.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say, that while I take my full share of re-
sponsibility, and shall vote for the proposition,
yet, as a matter of fact, I did not introduce it.
The original proposition came from the honorable
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Bradburt.] I sug-
gested an amendment, after that was rejected; and ]
now he has received it, and incorporated it with his I
own.
Mr. EWING. The original amendment was I
introduced by the honorable Senator from Maine, !
and was rejected. But this is an amendment pre- ,
Eared by tne Senator from Michigan, and by him
anded to the Senator from Maine to be intro-
duced.
Mr. BRADBURY. No, sir; it was prepared
by me.
Mr. EWING. This is the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan, and I hold him" responsi-
ble for it before the country. There is not so much
" noise and confusion " as to prevent every one
present seeing and understanding this.
Mr. CASS. There is not so much " noise and
confusion " but that the Senator might state the
facts as they are.
Mr. EWING. I did, sir.
Mr. CASS. No, sir.
Mr. EWING. I can prove it on the spot.
Mr. CASS. No, sir.
Several Senators. Order! order! 1
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Maine
introduced a proposition. I did not understand it
distinctly. I so stated to the Senate, and no man
with a particle of candor can deny it. I intended
to offer an amendment, but I accidentally lost the
opportunity at the proper moment. When the
roll was called on the proposition of the Senator
from Maine, it was rejected; and I then suggested
the amendment which I had intended to offer. It
was said to me that the whole had better be em-
bodied and produced as one amendment, thus suf-!
nciently varying from the other to permit its con- I
sideration. I was anxious to have it done. I am
willing to take the full responsibility of the whole,
but I will not permit any gentleman to get up and
! talk to me in this manner about holding me re-
sponsible.
Mr. EWING. We all understand how this
amendment was gotten up—we all saw and heard,
and explanation cannot change it. The effect of
it is this: It introduces a new principle, one of the
utmost importance, thrown in upon us at the end
! of the session, which must necessarily defeat the
bill. No man doubts that. It is a new asd un-
heard-of provision, that the expenditure shall not
' be made within the fiscal year 1852, until it is as-
certained that there is a sufficient residuum from
the revenues to make the expenditure and to pay
the other expenses of the Government. Now, the
honorable Senator from Michigan well knows that
that can never be ascertained until the fiscal year
has ended. You make the appropriation;you do
not know whether you will have revenue enough
to meet the expenses of the Government until that
year has completely ended; and when it has ended,
the time for expending the appropriations for that
year has ended also. So this amendment kills the
appropriation dead, even if the bill becomes a law.
I do not wish to waste any time in discussion, but
I present briefly this view, which appears to me
to be just, and which I think ought to go before
the country.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I have been very
anxious to-day to come to a vote upon the general
merits of this bill. I have constantly declared my
opposition to any expedients to delay legislation.
At the same time, I still insist upon our unques-
tionable right, our unquestionable duty, to do what
we can to amend this crudfe and vicious bill, so as
if possible to get some approximation to the true
constitutional standard, and some approximation
also to justice.
Now, although I have been silent, and those
who are opposed to certain features of the bill have
preserved a commendable silence, the honorable
Senator from Ohio gets up—I conceive very un-
seasonably, very unnecessarily—for the purpose
of making an extensive harangue, and for the pur-
pose of stifling debate. He feels not only author-
ized to indulge in argument, and exhibit all those
extraordinary powers of a logician which the
world knows him to possess, but he feels author-
ized here to bring into submission to his orders
those with whom he stands associated. Sir, we
are freemen; we are authorized to act on our own ,
responsibility; and I trust we will allow no man
to indulge either in such demeanor or in such lan-
guage as is intended in the least degree, whether it
has that effect or not, to stifle freedom of debate
and extinguish personal independence on this
floor. There are no masters here; we are all
equals, and I trust we are all conscientious Sen- '
ators, determined to do our duty at all hazards,
and determined, above all things, to permit no bill
to pass without examining its whole structure and
texture, or without, as far as lies with us, attempt-
ing to give it such a shape as may best satisfy the
wants of the country.
I do not understand the spirit now displayed.
It seems that, in return for our modesty, in return
for our forbearance, in return for the strong incli-
nation we have manifested to let gentlemen have
pretty much their own way in regard to this bill,
simply, from time to time, in a modest manner,
suggesting such amendments as we supposed in- j
dispensable to the perfection of the bill, we are to
be held responsible here and before the country;
and the potential and irresistible influence which
belongs to the weighty character of the Senator
from Ohio is to be hurled in our teeth, and we are
to be threatened with the utter destruction of every-
thing like personal and political popularity under
his declamatory denunciations. I have felt a shiv-
ering agony ever since the Senator made his speech.
[Laughter.] I have felt alarmed. I know the
Senator's extended powers; I know the irresist-
ible magic of his name; and I am very much afraid j
that we shall find ourselves perfectly " butchered" ;
by him. Although, for my own part, 1 can claim
but a very little modicum of public favor, I have
no idea of having it cruelly butchered on the pres-
ent occasion by the Senator from Ohio.
I hope, for God's sake, that we may be at peace
with each other, and may have a little brotherly
kindness towards each other, and that we shall not
lessen the dignity of this body, or the honor and
dignity of the legislation of the country. I hope
we shall go on peaceably, and exercise the func-
I tions of legislation with which we are intrusted,
without regard to the butchering of the Senator.
I came here in a spirit of compromise, in which
I wish to be permitted to remain; but I warn gen-
tlemen that they are now putting at risk all the
important interests of the country; that they are
putting at hazard all the important appropriation
bills; that they are preventing the ratification of
important treaties, which, if not ratified now, will
become nullities by to-morrow morning. While
I have submitted with perfect respect and courtesy,
I wish gentlemen to understand that they will have
to take the responsibility of their own acts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish merely
to say, that, having read the amendment, I think
the effect of the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan is this: It is to postpone the execution
of this bill, if it shall become a law, until all other
laws making appropriations are satisfied. It says,
" appropriations made in pursuance of existing
laws." Those appropriations are to have the
precedence. The result will be that we shall have
to wait until all these laws, whatever they are,
shall have been satisfied; and if they be satisfied,
and there be a surplus remaining in the Treasury,
then, and not till then, may the appropriations
made by this bill be applied.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Ohio ap-
pears very anxious to fasten the paternity of this
amendment on the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, though I believe the honorable Senator from
Michigan is not entitled to it. The amendment, I
believe, originated with the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Bradbury;] but, be that as it may, I know
my friend from Michigan will not seek to avoid
any share of the responsibility in reference to it.
I would consider it the brightest page on his al-
ready bright history, if he could be the means of
incorporating this provision into the bill. I have,
since this measure was taken up for consideration,
voted uniformly in favor of such amendments as
I deemed right, just, and national in their charac-
ter. I have voted in favor of striking out all ap-
propriations that I conceived did not come within
the limit of that much-denounced programme de-
nominated the Baltimore platform of 1844. This
bill contains many very obnoxious provisions, put
in for the purpose, in my judgment, of seducing
(if I may be allowed the expression) members of
the party to which I belong, appealing to their
local prejudices, on the ground that their district
or State is provided for. I hope no such shallow
device has or will reach the vote of a solitary mem-
ber.
I am earnestly anxious for appropriations to
improve the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and there
are many points on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts,
and on several of the lakes, which demand our at-
tention. But when I am called upon to unite with
these general objects appropriations for points and
places of which I know nothing, and of which the
Engineer Department, whose duty it is to super-
vise and report upon such matters, say they know
very little or nothing; when I am called upon to
take a mongrel bill of this mixed character, em-
bracing matters not at all national in their nature,
and in which the great body of the people have no
common interest—I say, when I am required to
take either this kind of a bill or do without, I be-
lieve 1 am truly representing the interest of my
country and constituency to say I will do without.
1 do not feel at liberty to urge those who claim
to have this bill in charge as to the course they
ought to pursue, but I will venture to advise them
"to reconsider their expressed determination not to
permit amendments. An adherence to this posi-
tion will, in my judgment, defeat the whole bill.
Some concession is due those Senators who de-
clare their hostility to many of the items on con-
stitutional grounds—some respect, and I think
much weight, should be given the opinions of the
officers of the Topographical Bureau, who have
examined this subject. I find that the estimates
upon which we profess to be acting amount to
SI,035,000; that is the last estimate made by the
Topographical Bureau. This bill appropriates
$2,300,000, thus adding over a million of dollars to
the estimates of our officers; and why is this, what
