1851 .J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Barion^-Mesmrs. Hale, Underwood, Bell, Foote, fyc.
Senate.
reason for the great excess ? The only reason I
can learn is that the committee of the House of
Representatives deemed it necessary—yes, deemed
it necessary—on the very ground I stated a few
moments since, to appeal to local prejudices, to
obtain strength for the bill which it could not
otherw ise obtain. Here are some seven different
improvements at thi close of the bill the Depart-
ment have not estimated for, and which the De-
partment say they know nothing about. There
are some five or six other points named in the bill
to which the Department five but a passing notice,
and say that the propriety of estimating for them
is very doubtful. Yet in this bill we are called
upon to vote for not only all the Department have
estimated for, but to take all the doubtful points,
and all the various other points that have been
presented by the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and are told that we must not seek to
alter, change, or modify it in the least. If we do,
the bill is lost. Sir, this is a vicious principle in le-
?' elation; proper amendments ought to be adopted.
he proposition of the Senator from Maine, as I
understand it, provides that after the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government have been paid and all
•sitting contracts complied with, then the excess
in the Treasury shall be applied to the improve-
ment of our rivers and harbors. I favor that prop>
osition, believing that the excess of Government
receipts could be much more advantageously dis-
bursed on such works as all of us concur in the opin-
ion are national, than they could be in buildingsteam
mail vessels, building light-houses where there
ia no commerce, and building docks which do the
Government very little good. Indeed, sir, we are
expending millions annually for objects that in
point of importance do not compare with some |
contemplated by this bill. Let it be understood j1
that the surplus funds of the Government are here- ;
alter to take this direction, and it will be the means ,
of adjourning this outside Congress that sits here I1
as regularly as we do, for the purpose of preparing
jobs for us to execute. Adopt this amendment,
and hereafter we will not have so many cun-
ningly-devised plans prepared to order for the
bankruptcy of the Treasury.
The effect of this amendment will be to turn the
excess of revenue, if any we have, into legitimate
channels, for the benefit of the great mass of the
people. This is another reason which leads me
to support it. I am as friendly to internal im-
provements, confined to what I understand to be
the old Democratic policy, as any gentleman of
the Senate; but beyond that I will not go, even j
though large appropriations were proposed for the J
benefit of those great rivers and lakes I have al-
ready said demand our consideration. I wish to f
confine internal improvements to the old legiti- j
mate landmarks; and I am sorry to find some of
my friends here, who live in the same valley that
I do, take a different view of this subject. 1 do
not complain of it, but I think the precedent that
would be aet by such a bill as this a dangerous
one, and fraught with evil consequences. It will
lead the General Government to the same deplora-
ble condition in which some of the western States
found themselves some years ago. It is only by
combining a great number of interests—only by
providing appropriations for different points dotted
all over this Union, that this bill commanded the
vote it did in the House of Representatives. It
was by a similar system that the State which I
represent, and the State of Illinois, and other
States I could name, were brought to the verge of
bankruptcy. This has proved to be a vicious prin-
ciple of legislation on trie part of the States, and,
if ever adopted by the General Government, will
prove still worse on an enlarged scale.
In conclusion, I will add, that if the Senators
having charge of this measure will consent to
prune it down to the works estimated for, and the
amount, $1,035,000, I believe the bill will pass.
Unless this be done, there is no hope.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Yobmg, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed Senate bill No. 346
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the
State of California.]
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by adding at the end of it the words, "except
those laws for the support of the Arm y and Navy." | j
I shall go for the amendment if the amendment to i1
the amendment be adopted. This amendment
will put this bill for the improvement of rivers and
harbors ahead of the Army and Navy. That is
all. It ia that the peace measures of the country
shall first be carried into operation, and then to pro-
vide for the Array and Navy. I ask the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend from Indiana
has madea very singular speech, when we reme Ti-
ber what he did during the last session of Con-
gress. I remember perfectly well that he made a
proposition for the erection of a marine hospital
at Evansville, without any estimates from the De-
partment; and Congress, on his motion, was kind
enough to vote an appropriation for a marine hos-
pital at Evansville, without any estimate or recom-
mendation from any of the Departments of the
Government. I am at a loss to understand upon
what principle gentlemen can do that with regard !
to one branch of the service, and when a proposi- [
tion of this sort is presented ask for the estimates,
and refuse to appropriate for an object unless the
Department has recommended it and estimated
for it.
One word more. Has it come to this, that the
Congress of the United States is to be a mere re-
gistering body, and that we must wait until we have
prescriptions from the executive departments as
to what we shall do with the public money? Are
we to make no appropriations unless they are
sanctioned by the executive departments? I re-
pudiate any doctrine of that sort. It is not the j
Whig creed. j
Mr. BELL. Is it Democratic?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Nor is it Democratic.
The Whig creed is, that Congress shall legislate;.
that Congress shall select objects of a national
character, for which the moneys of the nation are
to ba appropriated. We repudiate the idea of a
one-man power to tell ua what to do. This is our
doctrine, and I wish to see it carried out in this
bill.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 rise to congratulate the coun-
try op a remarkable fact which has occurred.
Amidst the confusion of parties, when it seems to
be doubtful whether the old national organizations
exist, and a great many -are anxious to form a
third party, the honorable Senator from Kentucky
undertakes to give his definition of the Whig creed 1
on this subject. I do not now pretend to know,
in the present jumbled and confused state of par- j
ties, very much about the old party creeds. The
Senator from Kentucky admits that these appro-
priations should be for objects of a national char-
acter. I wish to remind the Senator that the other
day his own colleague, as I thought, indulged to
some slight extent in ridicule of this notion of na-
tionality. He does not concede that Gen. Jack-
son's standard in relation to that matter was the
true one.
I wish to ask the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Uwderwood] to be consistent with himself. I beg
hirp to look into this bill and say whether he con-
ceives all these appropriations are national? My
friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] the other
evening, mentioned "Big Sodus" and "-Little
Sodus," and other appropriations in this bill,
which were not of a national character. Yet the
honorable Sanator from Kentucky says this morn-
ing that he is utterly opposed to internal improve-
ments except for national objects. I ask the gen-
tleman to be consistest with himself. I do not
undertake to deny that the Senator has stated the I
Whig creed correctly. I at once accept it as the J
Whig creed. But I ask the gentleman, as a good !
Whig, as one faithful to the creed of his party, to
unite with us in striking out those features of the 1
bill which are not national.
The Senator has spoken of the marine hospital
at Evansville. I also obtained last year an appro-
priation for a marine hospital at Vicksburg. 1 can
say for myself that while I would require estimates j
for all schemes of improvement, yet in any partic- '
ular ease, where I knew everything in relation to
the matter, I might be disposed to raise an excep-
tion to the general rule. There are exceptions to
all general rules.
Mr, BRIGHT. I am sorry to consume a mo-
ment of time at this late hour of the session, but I
think it proper and necessary that I should make
a short reply to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Unmkrwood.] His remarks would imply that
my course on this question is inconsistent with the
course I pursued in reference to the appropriation
for a marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana. I
voted, sir, for a marine hospital at Evansville, and
advocated it as earnestly as I could, on the very
ground that I would now vote for and advocate an
( appropriation for the improvement of the naviga-
: tion of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. Both are
1 truly national in their character. The commerce
and travel on those rivers are equal to the com-
merce and travel on any other rivers for the
, same continuous distance in the New and Old
I World, and are increasing rapidly every day.
Scarcely a newspaper reaches us that does not con-
vey intelligence of the loss of life and property on
one or the other of these rivers. Many of these
disasters are attributable to obstructions on these
rivers that might be removed with the aid of the
General Government; and the great difficulty that
has heretofore and now exists arises from the fact
that, whenever an effort is made to apply money
to objects of improvement, truly national in their
character, they are loaded down with amendments,
or coupled with propositions to improve potnto and
places outside of the most liberal constitutional con-
struction, unfit to be estimated for, and unworthy,
in a national point of view, to be even considered
by Congress.
But I will not consume time discussing this
point, having given my views somewhat at length
on the same in a previous part of this debate. My
principal object in claiming the attention of the
Senate was to vindicate my consistency and cor-
rect an error into which the honorahile Senator
from Kentucky has fallen. He says Evansville
(on my motion) was inserted in the civil and dip-
lomatic bill of last session of Congress, as a suit-
able point for a marine hospital, and that $10,000
were appropriated to commence the work, and that
this point was naver estimated for or recommended
by any of the Departments. Let me remind the
honorable Senator that when Paducha was selected
as the place for such an improvement, Evansville
washer rival for the location; and, while I impute
no censure to the officer deciding between them, I
will say that I think there is no comparison, so
far as public convenience and accommodating the
greatest number of persons is concerned, between
the two points. At any rate, the public mind was
dissatisfied with the choice, and has been ever
since clamorous for an hospital at Evansville. It
was recommended by officers of the Government,
was petitioned for by the corporate authorities of
that city, and the citizens in that vicinity and of
the Wabash valley generally. It is a work of
public necessity, dictated by every consideration
of justice and humanity; and I will here add that
I shall, when the appropriation, bill comes up to-
day or to-morrow, ask the additional sum of
$15,000 to aid in completing it; and I think I may
venture to assert I will offer such reasons for giv-
ing this sum as will even secure me the vote of
my honorable friend from Kentucky. <
Let me remind the honorable Senator of a fact
that must have escaped his memory. The money
applied to the building of marine hospitals is col-
lected, under an act of Congress, from the boat-
men and seamen, who derive the benefit and
comforts resulting from such an institution. This
tax, " so much per month," is collected from
each officer and hand upon the boats and vessels
that navigate the waters of the United States, and.
paid through the collecting officers at the different
ports of entry into the Treasury. Therefore, I
say, in asking for Evansville $25,000 for this ob-
ject, I ask for nothing which places me in a posi-
tion antagonistical to those I have heretofore taken
on any other subject, and which is not sanctioned
by justice and sound policy.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the joint res-
olution for the relief of Louis Kossuth and his
associates, exiles from Hungary, without amend-
ment.]
Mr. DICKINSON. I am one of those who
deprecated this struggle from the beginning. I
have been a "looker-on in Vienna," and although
there has been much which I might have said, I
have concluded to defer it. The bill, in my judg-
ment, contains many provisions of great merit,
