1851.}
APPENDIX TO THE COfKJREBStONAL GLOBE.
363
3 i st Cong 2d Sess. JUver* and Harbors—Messrs. Pedrct, Clay, Yulee, Foote, fyc.
SfeiTE.
who did not in point of fact vote, it becomes no,
in the fulfillment of oar duty to record the truth
and nothing but the truth, to correct that error in
the Journal.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] is under a misapprehen-
sion. If he refers to the vote just taken by yeas
and nays, I was not in the Hall, and did not rote;
but if he refers to the previous call, he is mistaken;
1 did vote.
Mr. CLAY. This is* wast* of time.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Yomra, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed Senate joint reso-
lution changing the mode of appointing the clerks
of the treasurers of the mints of the United States;
and had adopted a resolution suspending the 16th
joint rule, so as to authorize the transmission to
the Senate of House resolution No. 38, relating to
the distribution of certain books heretofore ordered
to be published.]
Mr. YULEE. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing at the end of it:
"No part of the appropriation* authorised by this act
sbaU go into effect until all the outstanding bond* for the
public debt shall have been paid and cancelled."
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follow:
tBAS—Messrs. Atchison, Butler, Clemens, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Houston, Buster,
King. Mason, Morton, Norris, Rbett, Soul<, Sturgeon, Tnr-
nejr, Walker, end Yulee— .
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
bmd, Bright, Chase, Clarke, Ctajr, Cooper, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dickinson,.Dodge ofWisconsin,Dodge of Iowa,
Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hamlin, Jones, Mangum, Miller,
Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Kantoul, Seward, Shields, Spruanes,
underwood, Dpham, and Wale*—SI.
So the amendment Iras rejected.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to amend die bilUjy add-
fcg:
" No part of die appropriations authorized by this act
•ball go into effect until *11 the mitstjindftig "bondsfor the
public debt shall have ham paid and cancelled, unless it be
such portions thereof as are based upon official estimates
and are of a national character."
Mr. MASON called for the yens and nays.
They were ordered.; and, being taken, resulted
as follow:
YEAS—Mesa*. Atchison, Bradbury, Clemens, Dayis of
pi, Dawson, Dickinson. Downs, Foote, Hamlin,
Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson. Downs, roote, Hamlin,
Kinjj, Mason, Morton, Norris, Rbett, SouU, Sturgeon, and
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dodge ofWisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing,
Felch, Greene, Houston, Jones, Man gum, Pearce, Phelps,
Pratt, Rantoul, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Underwood, Uphsm, and Wales—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope that by unanimous
' Consent a recess will be taken until six o'clock. I
believe it Will advance business.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CLAY. I object.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator can abject
after I get through. I believe we shall be better
qualified to attend to business, and better fitted to
endure a long sitting by taking a recess, than by
tontinuing without one.
Mr. FOOTE. To accomplish the object of niy
friend from New York", I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until six o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and,'being
taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradlmry, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Downs, Foots, Hamlili, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Rbett, Soul£, Sturgeon, Turaey, and
Yulee—23.,
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bfll,Borland,Chase,
Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis'of Massachusetts, Dickinson,
Podge of Wisconsin, Dodge ofldWajJEwing, Fetch, Greene,
Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt. Rantoul,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
Wales, and Walker—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have an amendment to pro-
pose. I think it has become apparent that it is
the purpose of the majority to authorize the ex-
penditure of the public money for the improve-
ment of rivulets andstreams the character of which I
is not known to the country. But I presume it is '
not the purpose of that majority to authorize the '
expenditure of the public money beyond the limits I
of the United -States. I propose to limit the ex-
penditure of the appropriation .to remove obstruc-
tions from the Rio Grande to that part of the river
which lies within the limits of the United States,
by adding:
"But the expenditure of this sum Is to be cnnAncd to
obstructions in said liver within the limits-of the United
States."
The treaty with Mexico defines the boundary of
the United States to be the middle of that river.
The provision which the amendment is intended
; to aftect authorizes the removal of obstructions
from that river, and the amendment is to confine
the expenditure to the limits of the United States,
i Mr. FOOTE. I am rather inclined to think my
friend from Virginia made a mistake in regard to
i i a fact which he nas stated. He seems to overlook
:' the fact which I think most obvious at the present
j1 time, that there is a sort of general understanding
j that in the course of a few months the whole of
| j that portion of Mexico will be annexed to the
United States.
j Mr. MASON. In reference to that I would say,
" sufficient for the day is the evil thereof." At
present the boundary of the United States is the
j middle of the Rio Grande, and the bill authorizes
; the expenditure anywhere in that river.
Mr. BELL. " Rio Grande river, Texas."
Mr. BORLAND. I would vaH attention to the
words of the bill. They are: " For the removal
of the obstruction in the Rio Grande riser, Texas,
$25,700."
I Mr. FOOTE. The jading of the bill actually
makes it worse. It will be seen that its framers
locate the whole Rio Grande river in Texas. We
ought to correct the geographical mistake, any
how. Surely, we do not wish to legislate for the
purpose of seizing on the Mexican territory, by
saying that the RroOmmde is in Texas, When part
of it x  ib Mexico. I'think'that, in comity to (he
people of Mexico, we ought not to seise the whole
river, although there seems to be a manifest dispo-
sition here to monopolize it.
Mr. BUTLER. I presume the appropriation
is intended for the improvement of the Texan side
of the river. Now, no nation would allow yon to
dig a channel on your aide of the river, and throw
the sand banks on their side. Such a-proposition
would not be heard of, unten we assume power
on the ground of wSr.
Mr. FOOTE. It wOiildbe causeof war.
Mr. EWING. We can take the-shags-oat.
Mr. BUTLER. Bat if you take the snags but
it may disturb the whole Irivfer. A Roman Emper-
or said that the dispute for 'one itlch "«f ground
was equal to a dispute for the whole empire.
Mr. MASON. If gentlemen Will look at this
bill, they will findit does not Irtnittherexpenditure
to Texas. That word 4s introduced there merely
as descriptive. It is simply introduced to describe
; the locality of the river, just -ds the words "in
Louisiana " are used intbe-following clattee: "For
j the improvement Ofthe Bayou la Fourche, inLou-
J isiana, #25,000." Itfajust like Various other items
i in this bill. As the bill now stands it {authorises
the expenditure for removing obstructions in atry
part of, the Rio Grande, and-thtrsto carry thelaw
mto execution obstructions will have to be re-
moved wherever they exist in the river. I ask the
yeas and nays on the'amendment.
The yeas anil nays weft ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. fs there not some substance in
i this point? It seems to me there far. The bill
provides for the removal of obstructions in die
I Rio Grande river, Texas. There is no such river
j in Texas, and no gentleman who understands ge-
ography Will say there is. 8u<sh a rrrev sepamtes
the Mexican territory from the United States. A
1 portion of it is oh the -American side, and is in
Texas. But ^enthatien certainly know how to
distinguish a whole firom a half, and when the bill
says the whole of the Rio Grande^ we are not to
suppose that it mearisonly'ththalf of it.
Mr. BUTLER. This proposition far an illustra-
tion of the whole bill. It has not been maturely
■ considered. It has been forced upon Congress at
: a time when there was'no opportunity to consider
it. It locates the -Rio Grande within the United
| States. Such an assumption would certainly be
: offensive to any nation, Mid a regard for Mexieo,
I international courtesy, and justice would seem to
I prescribe that no iuen thing should be done. Even
between the two -States of South Carolina and
Georgia—I believe Georgia is a little jealouaj
though she generally agrees with us—we would
not allow Georgia to interfere with the navigation
of the Savannah river without consulting South
Carolina, and I presume Georgia will not permit
South Carolina to interfere without consulting her.
Mr. BERRIEN. You have no right to the
Savannah river.
Mr. BUTLER. A friend says we have no rijht
to the Savannah river. We take the right. The
truth is, that Georgia has been rather pretensive
on this subject. But I have mentioned this as an
illustration of the point. We would not under-
take to interfere with the navigation of the Savan-
nah river without the permission of Georgia.
Georgia would not do it without consulting South
Carolina. Hence the provision in the act of Con-
gress in relation to the matter. I will not attempt
to dictate to Mexico in this way.
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me a little late to
take this exception to this portion ofthe bill. As
well might objection be taken to the improvement of
our side of Lake Erie. It might be said that it
would interfere with the British possessions in
Canada, and that Great Britain might take excep-
tion to our improving our side of the lake as we
have done. Almost every Senator has voted for
its improvement, and yet we heard no such objec-
tion raised. The Rio Grande separates us frotn
Mexico, and wfe have as much right to improve
our side of that river as we have to improve oor
side of Lake Erie, and I never heard that ques-
tioned.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator
from Arkansas makes a point by no means appli-
cable to the case. That to which he refers is a
very different proposition. It is well known that
the Rio Grande at certain seasons almost sinks
into the sand. It "is foil of sand banks. Very
little ia kn6wn of their geological formation. If
we adopt a sy stekn to improve our side ofthe river
We may destroy "the navigation of the %hdle.
Then, again, there may be dams in the river. If
we have a right to take away the dams which
form pools, the navigation of the whole river may
Ke destroyed. So the parallel which the Senator
draws between this case and that of Lake Erie is
not a fit one. The two'cases are totally dissimi-
lar.
Mr. BORLAND. Since the Senator from Mis-
sissippi has made this distinction between Lake
Erie and the Rio Grande, I desire to ask his at-
tention for a moment to another point. The Ni-
agara river separates -Canada from the United
States, and Great Britain has made a very im-
portant improvement on it by making a canal
along its banks. Was any exception taken to her
conduct ? Was any convention necessary ? Ob-
jection is started now for the first time for the pu r-
poseof meeting this particular case. The princi-
ple, I think, has been recognized by the United
States long enough.
The question being taken on the amendment,
by yeas and nays, resulted:
YEAS—Messfs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Btitler,
Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, DaWmn, Dickinson,
Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter, Ring, Mason, Morton,
Norrfs, Rbett, Soulf-, 9 targe on, and Turney—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hamlin,
Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Rait tool,
Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith. Spruanoe, Underwood,
Wales, Walker, and Whitcomb—31.
So it was rejected.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to insert bsforethewcrds
"Rio Grande river" the words "that part of,"
and after the word "river" the word "in," so as
to make it read, "for removing obstructions in
that part of the Rio Grande river in Texas."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to inaert after the words
"Rio Grande river," the-words "the consent of
Mexico first beiag obtained." I am unwilling to
injure the interests of Mexico by undertaking to
improve the navigation of a river in which she is
equally interested with ourselves. I am very glad
to see in the Chamber the able minister who rep-
resents the interests of the United States at the
Mexican Government, (Mr. Letcher.) If he is
given special instructions on the subject, when ha
goes back to Mexico-I harve no doubt he wilt sua-
