364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Sebastian, Davis of Miss., Bright, fyc.
Senate.
cessfully arrange the matter, as he has already ar- |
ranged the project of a railway across the Isthmus
of Tehuantepec. He will probably secure the
consent of Mexico to our improving the naviga-
tion of that part of the Rio Grande which is in
Texas; but I do not wish to interfere with the
rights of a neighboring Republic.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to say that I shall
not vote on this question, as I have paired off with
the Senator from California, [Mr. uiviw]
The question being taken on the amendment,
by yeaa and nays, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Hunter,
Mason, Morton, Norris, Soule, and Sturgeon—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickin-
son. Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ening, Felch,
Greene, Houston, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pratt, Rantoifl,
Rusk, Seward, Shields, -Smith, Spruance, Underwood,
Wales, and Walker—30.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move, in the
213th line, to strike out the word "Texas" and
insert "in New Mexico," so as to make the
clause read—
" For removing the obstructions in the Kio Grande river,
in New Mexico, $25,700." '
I do not propose to strike out any portion of [
the dollars connected with this item, but merely I
to strike out the words "in Texas" and insert I
" inNew Mexico." 1 propose that, if the Senate
insist on spending that number of dollars, they
will at least expend it where they have a right to
do so, and where they will not do it for the mere
purpose of expending money in violation of the
treaty obligations existing between the United
States and Mexico. I remarked on Saturday that I
the treaty obligations bound us not to interfere 1
with the Rio Grande, where it was the boundary
between the United States and Mexico. The Sen-
ate have just decided that they would not ask the
consent of Mexico before proceeding with the im-
provement of the Rio Grande. This is a new
mode of annulling the obligations of a treaty—a
majority of the Senate overruling that which was
done by two thirds of the Senate. In order that
this matter may be fairly understood, I send to
the Secretary the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
and 1 ask him to read the 7th article of it.
The Secretary accordingly read the article, as
follows:
" The river Gila and the part of the Rio Bravo del Norte
lying below the southern boundary of New Mexico being,
agreeably to the fifth article, divided in the middle between
the two Republics, the navigation of the Gila and of the
Bravo below said boundary shall be free and common to the
vessels and ciUzensof both countries; and neither shall,
without the consent of the other, construct any work that
may impede or interrupt, in whole or in part, the exercise
of this right, not even for the purpose of favoring newmodes
of navigation. Nor shall any tax or contribution, under any
denomination or title, be levied upon vessels or persons
navigating the same, or upon merchandise or effects trans-
ported thereon, except in the case of landing upon one of
their shores. If, for the purpose of making the said rivers
navigable, or for mantaining them in such state, it should
be necessary or advantageous to establish any tax or contri-
bution, this shall not be done without the consent of both
Governments.
"The stipulations contained in the present article shall
not impair the territorial rights of eith«r Republic within its
established limits."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Thus it will be
seen that we are very closely restricted. W e are
even prevented from introducing new modes of
navigation, and confined to the strictest and stern-
est neutrality on that river. When the proposition
was made to the Senate either to admit or deny the
obligations of the treaty, I could not vote to deny
them. I knew there was a treaty obligation in re-
gard to the matter. I knew of no mode of getting
rid of that treaty obligation, and I cannot under-
stand the opposition of those who refuse to agree
that such improvements shall only be made with
the consent of Mexico. This I know, that this
will lessen the number of Congressional districts
involved in the bill. I will not at present try to
reduce the appropriation, but will try the amend-
ment first.
Mr. BRIGHT. The clause of the treaty which
has been read escaped my attention. I think it
presents a question well worthy the consideration
of the Seriate. The reading of the treaty shows
most conclusively that the United States have no
power whatever to interfere with the navigation of
that river without the assent of Mexico. It is a '
treaty stipulation that the United States shall not
alter the navigation of that river. When Senators
come to consider the treaty, 1 think they will de-
cide that a very important question is involved in
this, and that we ought to be careful how we make
this appropriation. I voted against the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] and
I shall certainly change my vote if I have an op-
portunity of doing so. I therefore move to recon-
sider the vote rejecting the amendment offered by
the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose that would not be
in order while another question is pending.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I withdraw my
amendment lor the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana to reconsider the vote re-
jecting the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, which was to add the words, "the consent
of Mexico first being obtained."
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. Before the vote is taken,
I would like to hear that provision of the treaty
read. I was not able to hear it at the time it was
read by the Secretary. I have before me a clause
of that treaty to which I wish to call the attention
of the Senate. I read from the seventh article of
the treaty:
" If, for the purpose of making the said rivers navigable,
or for maintaining them in such state, it should be necessary
or advantageous to establish any tax or contnbution, this
shall not be done without the consent of both Govern-
ments."
This article of the treaty also provides that—
" The navigation of the Gila and of the Bravo below said
boundary shall be free and common to the vessels and citi-
zens of both countries ; and neither shall, without the con-
sent of the other, construct any work that may impede or
interrupt, in whole or in part, the exercise of this right,
not even for the purpose of favoring new methods of navi-
gation."
No work, then, is to be constructed even for the
purpose of favoring or affording facilities for the
navigation of the river. The commissioners are
now establishing the boundary between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico, and they may, before we
are called upon to make an expenditure under this
bill, have established and designated the monu-
ments which shall have decided the boundaries;
and after having so done, this bill would authorize
works which might interfere with the navigation
of that part of the river which is in Mexico. It
might be a cause of offence which would involve
ourselves with Mexico. It is for this reason that
I see no very urgent necessity for passing this bill,
and violating treaty stipulations for the sake of
passing it.
Mr. RANTOUL. Can it be of the slightest use
to this nation, or any part of it, to load this bill
j with words which are a mere surplusage if they
are put in ? The treaty of Mexico is the law of
the land. If we make an appropriation authorizing
the Executive to improve a certain river, he is to
do it in conformity with existing laws, until those
laws shall be changed. Most assuredly this clause
does not set aside the treaty with Mexico, or any
part of that treaty. It will stand where it was. It
is the law. There can be no need, therefore, of
putting into this bill that this money is to be ex-
pended in conformity with the treaty. There has
been no intimation that it is to be otherwise ex-
pended.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator from
Massachusetts that, if Congress direct the money
to be expended for the removal of obstructions in
the Rio Grande, is it not mandatory on the exec-
utive officers to execute the law, and to remove these
obstructions, no matter in what part of the river
they may be found ?
Mr. RANTOUL. I have not the slightest dif-
ficulty in answering the Senator from Virginia.
This law authorizes the Executive to do a certain
thing. It may be done in such a way as to violate
the treaty with Mexico; it may be done in such a
way as to conform to the treaty with Mexico.
How is it to be construed? In conformity with
the treaty, in conformity with preexisting laws,
unless it is obviously intended to set aside preex-
isting laws. A snag is an obstruction. Can we
not take up a snag in the Rio Grande without vio-
lating the treaty with Mexico ? The Executive is
not authorized to violate the treaty. That is my
answer to the Senator.
Mr. MASON. To do it in conformity with the
treaty, he must conform to the language of the
treaty; and the language of the treaty is express
that no work shall be done on that river without
the consent of both nations.
Mr. RANTOUL.. That is not the language of
the treaty. The language of the treaty is, that
nothing shall be done to impede or obstruct the
navigation. Does this bill direct the navigation to
be obstructed? No, sir; it directs the removal of
obstructions. It does nothing to introduce new
modes of navigation. This bill does not authorize
the Executive to impede or obstruct the navigation
of the river, by introducing new modes of navi-
gation. Not at all. He must conform to the
treaty. It is the supreme law of the land.
Mr. MASON. The language of the treaty is:
"Neither shall, without the consent of the other, con-
struct any work that may impede or interrupt, in whole or
in part, the exercise of this right, not even for the purpose
of favoring new methods of navigation."
Mr. RANTOUL. Yes, sir; you shall not "im-
pede," even in that way.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Massachusetts argues this question as though the
Rio Grande were a river similar to other rivers.
He talks about the capacity to remove snags from
the river. Does not the Senator know that there
are no trees along that river to make snags ? The
obstructions are of a different character; they con-
sist of ledges of rocks and sand banks. Though
it may be very useful to the people of the United
States, with their immense steam power, to make
alterations in that river suited to their means of
navigation, it would not satisfy the Mexicans.
I They require pools for their irrigation, which is
j, far more valuable than their navigation. If you
go to knock away natural dams in the stream, and
j | to adapt it to steamboats, you take away all the
pools with which they irrigate their fields. This
I you have no right to do; they never gave you the
[ right. The river is peculiarrthe navigation along
i it is peculiar; it has its seasons. It has even been
reported that intervals have occurred where a sand
II bar has stretched across the stream. This is of a
i totally different character from most streams.
There are a totally different character of obstruc-
tions to be removed. This must be considered in
connection with the treaty; and it must be remem-
| bered that the people of Mexico did not surrender
I to us the right to improve the river without their
consent.
Mr. FOOTE. This very provision is a proof
of the exceedingly hasty manner in which this
bill has been conducted. This should urge upon
us the necessity of avoiding undue haste in legis-
| lating upon such important national concerns. I
have no doubt at all that unless the Government is
exceedingly discreet in carrying the law into ef-
fect, a cause of war may be supplied to Mexico.
, That nation is one of the feebler Powers of the
! earth, and may not dare to make war; yetit would
be a dishonor to our national character to attempt
to take away any of her rights without her con-
sent. We should be more circumspect in relation
to this matter. If we allow this to go as it is, it
may afford grounds for a serious imputation on
the national character, both unjust and undeserved;
and I am unwilling to furnish any plausible ground
for former charges made in relation to the manner
in which this Government acted towards the Re-
public of Mexico.
The question then being taken on the motion to
reconsider, resulted:
YF.AS—Messrs. Berrien, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Clem-
ens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs,
Foote, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris,
Snulr, and Sturgeon—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clay,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing,
Greene, Jones, Miller, Phelps, Pratt, Rantoul, K n-'k, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Wales, and
Walker—'22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
[Before the vote was announced, Mr. Atchison
stated that he had paired off with the Senator from
North Carolina, Mr. Mangcm.]
Mr. ATCHISOPJ. It has'been mentioned to
me that there is a small appropriation for the im-
provement of Hog Island channel, in the harbor
