366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Badger, Davis of Miss., Foote, fyc.
Senate.
and I trust we may have it read. It is really one
of the most interesting and instructive and beau-
tiful reports I have ever heard.
Mr. BADGER. To those who desire to hear
the document read, I beg to say that there is so
much " noise and confusion" that we cannot hear
one word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norri. in
the chair.) The motion is to dispense with the
further reading. It is the opinion of the Chair
that the motion can be entertained.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Has anything
intervened since the vote was taken on that ques-
tion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has been
the reading of a large portion of the document.
Mr. DAVIS. I jhink nothing has intervened
which can allow the question to be taken again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator appeal from the decision of the Chair? ,
Mr. DAVIS. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A large por-
tion of the document has been read. A motion
has been made to dispense with the further read-
ing. The Chair has decided the motion to be in
order, and from that decision the Senator from
Mississippi takes an appeal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Upon that appeal
I ask the yeas and nays.
The yesis and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I would not occupy the attention
of the Senate but for the extraordinary state of
things existing. For several days past, men who
love the country—not by any means suggesting
that others do not—who are regardful of the solid
interests of the Republic, and who are not willing
that important measures should be entirely ne-
glected at this session of Congress, in order to grat-
ify a local appetite, or a sectional feeling, have
been constantly urging upon this body that the
important appropriation bills should be taken up,
and unless they are taken up, the country will be
thrown into disorder.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi will confine himself to the subject before the
Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. We have urged that this subject
should not be pressed upon us. It still continues
to be pressed with a boldness unsurpassed, and
with a willingness to assume responsibility that to
me is absolutely shocking. Under such circum-
stances it is that we insist that this measure, like
all others-
Mr. BADGER. I wish to know if this discus-
sion is in order?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must confine
himself to the appeal.
Mr. FOOTE. What is the appeal? Am I to
instruct gentlemen in the A B C of the practice
and principles of parliamentary law? What is
the question presented? A document was pre-
sented, one of the most important of the documents
which have come before us, and without a due un-
derstanding of which the Senator who presented
it says we cannot legislate understanding!y and
wholesomely upon the amendment he has offered.
That report has been read in part. A motion has
been made once before that the reading should be
dispensed with. The same motion is now made
again, before the reading of that report has been
concluded—before the object which wehad in view
in causing the report to be read has been attained
entirely; and gentlemen now insist, in opposition
to the decision of the Senate heretofore made, that
the very object in quest of which we were when
we ordered this report to be read, shall not be at-
tained by us. Was not the question, " Shall the
report be read" or not? The Senator from Lou-
isiana said the reading of the report was important
to explain his amendment. It was for that reason
that it was ordered to be read. A motion was
made to suspend the reading on the ground that it
woulcUnot tend to throw any light upon the ques-
tion; that was voted down. Now, says the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] that vote was
wrong; the reading was not important. This mo-
tion is in direct opposition to the former vote.
Can the Senate now, without gross inconsistency,
decide that the reading is wholly unimportant for
the purpose of explaining the point under consid-
eration? Certainly, under the circumstances, it
was proper for me to say that our reason for in-
sisting is that we conceive that the course which
gentlemen are pursuing, in so pertinaciously urg-
ing this particular bill upon us, is si^ch as to au-
thorize us to take the course we do, insisting
strictly upon the rules of parliamentary order, and
pursuing such a course as is required by men who
respect their own rigi.ts, and respecting dare main-
tain; and who are resolved not to bow to tyranny,
in whatever form displayed, and standing firmly
by our rights tq the last, throwing upon those
who dare still to neglect the great national inter-
ests the heavy responsibilities which certainly will
come upon them.
Mr. PHELPS. The object I had in view in
making the motion that I did could not have been
misunderstood, and if the slight remnant of this
session is to be wasted and the imperious necessi-
ties of the country disregarded, 1 take the liberty
to say that I ani not responsible. Sir, with respect
to this bill, which the Senator from Mississippi
seems to regard with so much dissatisfaction, I have
only to say to him that I feel no great interest in it.
I am willing that the vote should now be taken
upon it, and if the Senate in their wisdom should
come to a decision not satisfactory to me, I should
feel bound to acquiesce. Well, sir, where are we?
We have consumed a whole session, within five
hours, and what have we done? The Senate will
pardon me for saying that we have done little or
nothing which the country will regard of the least
value. At this late period I do not feel it my duty
to submit to the reading of a voluminous document,
which might consume the time until I and many
of my associates were out of public life. Is there
not an absolute absurdity in calling on gentlemen
situated as some of us are with regard to very im-
portant public measures upon which we are re-
quired to act, to submit to the reading of a docu-
ment which sends us home to private life before
our votes can be given ? It was a sense of duty
alone that induced me to interrupt the reading of
that document. And as one of the last declara-
tions, and in all human probabilty the last that I
shall make on this floor, I beg the Senate to recol-
lect that in the waste of time that has occurred
within the last twenty-four hours no responsibility
rests upon me. No, sir; notthe slightest. I may
be permitted to say that during the twelve years
that I have had the honor of a seat on this floor I
have scarcely occupied the time of the Senate
twelve hours, and yet I am called upon this night
! to listen to the reading of a document to which
nobody attends.
' Mr. FOOTE. I have heard every word of it.
Mr. PHELPS. I doubt whether there is a gen-
tleman in the Senate who can repeat a single sen-
tence of it. Nobody could hear it. Now, under
' these circumstances, what is our duty? It is, in
my humble judgment, to pass upon these meas-
ures, and let other bills of indispensable necessity
I* be acted upon.
Mr. FOOTE. So we say, and have said all day.
Mr. PHELPS. Pass your appropriation bills
and keep the machinery of Government in motion.
I am not disposed to occupy the time of the Senate
| with any remarks in a discussion like this; and if
I had been in the habit of discussing matters like
this, I should not have felt at liberty to make the
remarks I now do; but, having maintained an al-
most unbroken silence from the commencement of
the session to this moment, 1 think gentlemen will
pardon me for making an appeal to their patriotism
and sense of duty to dispose of the indispensable
' business of the country.
! | X am not disposed to wander from the point be-
fore the Senate, but the circumstances will perhaps
excuse me for making a remark which I desire to
make before I take leave of this body. I have wit-
nessed, sir, for years a course of discussion which
I have deprecated. I have regretted—I hope the
Senate will excuse me for saying it—that, instead
of acting, we have indulged ourselves perhaps a
little too much in discussion. It has been my wish
on many occasions to express my views upon the
engrossing and interesting topics which have agi-
tated this country. I have forborne, and I have
done so because the important business was de-
layed, and I could not contribute my mite to do
what I could not but regard as a public injury.
Now, in conclusion, 1 ask the Senate, as the rep-
resentatives of this Republic, to dispense with this
discussion take a vote at once upon this bill.
If it is disposed of contrary to my own views, I
certainly will submit. Let us go on and discharge
a duty which we owe to the country in its neces-
sary legislation, a duty for disregarding which we
can never excuse ourselves.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take occa-
sion to say that he will feel bound to arrest discus-
sion which is not upon the question of appeal.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall not follow the Senator in
an unlimited range of remarks, but I wish to con-
gratulate the country upon one good resulting from
this discussion. It is that the Senator from Ver-
mont has allowed us to have the benefit of his
voice and views this evening. I was gratified to
hear him, and should have listened with pleasure
a length of time beyond which he saw fit to go.
Now, as to the point of order, one principle is in-
volved in it. One principle is highly important in
order to secure anything like economy in legisla-
tion. It is important, as far as we can do so, to
read entire documents in preference to listening to
disultory remarks, as we often do.
Merely for the sake of economizing time, I have
thought it important to read such documents as
that which was under consideration. Therefore I
hope we shall first have the reading of the docu-
ments. When the motion was first made to dis-
pense with the reading, I repeat, there could be
only one reason for opposing the motion to dis-
pense with it, and that reason was obviously this,
that the reading of the document was, as I have
stated, necessary for the explanation of tKe amend-
ment originally introduced by the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana. He considered the complete
reading of this document indispensable to the proper
understanding of the proposition before us. That
I was the reason which operated upon honorable
Senators, and that reason conducted them to the
result which was disclosed when the vote was
taken upon the question. The honorable Senator
considered the entire reading of the document im-
portant for the proper understanding of the ques-
\ tion, and the Senate having so decided, we have
insisted that it was not in order to interrupt the
reading of the document before the object was at-
| tained. The question is precisely the same now
that we have once decided. One proposition was
that the document should not be read for the edi-
fication of the Senate, and the other now is that
the document shall not be read for the edifica-
tion of the Senate. They are the same precisely;
and I say again, that, without gross inconsistency,
we cannot refuse to order the complete reading of
the document. I say again, it has been with pain
that I have felt called upon to insist upon our rights
in this Hall. I shall continue to do so regardless
of consequences, believing it is our imperious duty
to observe the rules of parliamentary order and
take care that no one tramples upon them.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator from
Kentucky, whom I do not see in hia seat, [Mr.
Clay,] to say this morning, that when he became
satisfied that it was the purpose of the minority to
defeat the passage of this bill, he would vote to
lay it on the table. I presume by this time he is
satisfied. I do not know how far gentlemen on
that side agreed with him, and, to test the matter,
I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WALKER. Is that in order while there
is a question pending?
The PRESIDENT. It is. It is moved to lay
the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. MASON. On that question I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BALDWIN. I would inquire if the motion
is to lay the appeal on the table?
The PRESIDENT. It is to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the Chair
state the question ?
The PRESIDENT. It is suggested that the
motion of th« Senatorfrom Virginia is not in order,
and that the appeal only is in order.
Mr. MASON. I understand that it is always
\ in order to move to lay a subject on the table, be
' it what it may.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ver-
mont moved to dispense witlx the further reading
of the paper which was partially read. The Chair
decided tnat the motion was in order. That de-
