368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Butler, Bell, Phelps, Davis of Miss., fyc.
Senate.
porting this Government shall be supplied without
the extraordinary expense of an extra session. I
am anxious, so far as within me lies, to pass the
regular appropriation bills and avoid embarrass-
ment to the Administration. Political relations are
subordinate in my mind to the duty of my station,
and L intend that the responsibility shall rest upon
those to whom it belongs. I, for one, will not
bear a single atom of that odium which must at-
tach to those who defeat the appropriation bills,
in order that they may carry over the heads of
those who have constitutional objections a meas-
ure which will appropriate dollars and cent's to the
local or party interests with which they are most
closely connected. I am prepared at any time to
waive this question of appeal, if the Senate is pre-
pared to proceed to its legitimate business—if it is
prepared to cease from the discussion of a disputed
power, and exercise that conferred upon them by
preexisting laws. I hold that, so long as this river
and harbor bill is forced upon our consideration,
we have a right to discuss it as fully as those
have done who are its peculiar friends; that we
have a right to present our case fairly before the
country, and to exhibit those who are responsible
for the defeat of the appropriation bills in their
true light. It is no new question, and it must have
been foreseen, when at the eleventh hour of this
session the bill was introduced, that the State-
rights Democrats of the Senate would resist this
assumption of power by the Federal Government.
Foreseeing this, I ask why it was forced upon us
when only two days were left, and all the import-
ant appropriation bills were yet to be considered?
Are they who resist, or they who force us to re-
sistance, responsible for the consequences that
may follow? I am willing to risk the judgment of
my constituents and of the whole country on that
issue.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to speak directly to the
question before the Senate. I understand that my
friend from Louisiana offered an amendment, and
in supporting that amendment, and as connected
with his remarks, he offered a paper—a report—
which he claimed the privilege of reading. I pre-
sume that no one would deny the right of the Sen-
ator to read, in his place, that report as a part of
his speech.
Mr. BELL. He could not read it without the
consent of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I hear it said from the other
side of the Chamber that he had no right to read
it. Sir, when the right was conceded to him to
read it, and he gave it over to the Secretary to read
it for him, it would be a fraud to attempt to de-
prive him in this indirect way of a privilege which
he would have had by the sanction of the Senate.
I take the gentleman upon his concession that the
Senate had a right to deny it. Perhaps they had,
according to parliamentary usage; but when they
had conceded the right to the Senator from Loui-
siana, they had no right to suspend the exercise
of the privilege conceded, and which he transferred
to the Secretary in his own behalf. At this time
the Senator from North Carolina, acting as the
organ, and the willing organ, of the party who are
disposed to force measures, and assume—for they
do assume—that no other measure shall come
here, the Senator from North Carolina rises under
the pretext (and a miserable pretext I will say it
was) of the parliamentary rule, and moves that
the reading of the paper shall be dispensed with,
taking it out of the mouth of the gentleman who
was reading it, and who had committed it to an-
other to read for him, which he would not have
done if the Senator from Louisiana had been per-
mitted to read it himself. I will say, that as the
Senator from Louisiana had a right to read the
paper, it will be done, so far as I can effect it by
ray vote, by the person to whom the reading was
delegated.
Now, sir, the Senator from North Carolina 
Sever# Senators. From Vermont.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought it was the Senator
from North Carolina. Some one did suggest it,
and he has been spoken of; but if he is not the
maker of the note ne is the endorser. [Laughter.]
In the first instance, I was indifferent with regard
to this question; but when the right to read was
granted to the Senator from Louisiana, I say it
would be a fraud not to allow it to be read by a
delegate.
Mr. PHELPS. I feel bound to apologize to
the Senate for having involved them in this debate.
Permit me to say that my only object was to put
an end to the proceeding, which I thought was
tedious to the whole Senate. I admit that I have
been extremely unfortunate, and if I were to re-
main here much longer, I think I should be ex-
tremely careful how 1 attempted to save the time
of the Senate. Permit me to say, and I think I
may say it with truth, that something like an hour
was spent in the reading of that document, and no
human being that I am aware of, in this Chamber,
was listening to it. Well, sir, when this sort of—
I will not call it discourtesy, because it would not
be parliamentary if I did—but when we have the
reading of documents which occupy an hour and
a half or two hours, is a gentleman, because he
chooses to ask that the reading may be dispensed
with, to be charged with interfering with the free-
dom of debate? I do not know that the Senator
from Mississippi will hear me, but I should be
very much gratified if he will tell me whether he
listened to the reading of that document at all?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. No, sir, I could
not hear it; the talking was so great I could not
hear. I concede so much to the Senator from Ver-
mont. But with the deep interest I have in the
subject, if I had not read it myself before, I should
have drawn up nearer to the Secretary and heard
it. I had read it before.
Mr. PHELPS. The Senator is very frank in
answering my question. If he did not hear it, or
did not choose to listen, why should he object to
my motion to suspend the reading?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It was that those
who had not read it should know what there was
in kit. I took it for granted that the honorable
Senator from Vermont had not that interest in the
mouth of the Mississippi which would lead him
to read the report of the engineer who was sent
there, and I wanted him to hear it before he was
called to act on the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I want to know again, can the
Senator tell me of anybody that did listen?
Mr. FOOTE. I did, and was verymuch inter-
ested. I have stated that before.
Mr. PHELPS. I have but a word about this
matter, further. There really can be no difficulty
about it. The question was submitted to the Sen-
ate whether the document should be read. It was
not claimed by the Senator from Louisiana, or any,
body else, as a matter of right, that it should be
read. The question was put to the Senate 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to ask the
Senator from Vermont one question, as he has
asked me two.
Mr. PHELPS. I give way.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. He has put to
me a question which involved the question wheth-
er the reading of the document was in order; and
I want to know whether a speech is in order which
is not listened to, and cannot be heard? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PHELPS. That raises a new issue. But
upon this question I have but a word to say. The
reading of that document was not claimed as a mat-
ter of right by anybody: it was a question sub-
mitted to the Senate, and it was upon a vote of the
Senate that the reading was commenced. It leaves
the question upon this footing merely—whether
the Senate is at liberty to change this vote ? Sir,
we may have a variety of documents introduced
here, and the question of order merely amounts
to this: whether, when we have listened till we
are satisfied, we have the right to say we have
heard enough? I should not have troubled the
Senate with a single remark on the subject if it had
not been for the intimation that there was a dispo-
sition to stifle debate. For my own part, I con-
tent myself with listening; and when gentlemen
tell me there is a disposition on the part of the ma-
jority to stifle debate upon this measure, my an-
swer is a very frank one. I know not where the
majority is on this question.
Mr. CLAY. I have risen only to say a very
few words upon the immediate question before the
Senate—upon the subject of order. I think I have
stated it as it actually exists. The reading was
refused to be dispensed with, and it was com-
menced; and, after about an hour had elapsed, a
Senator moved to dispense with the further read-
ing'. Now, I am sure I have witnessed such a
proceeding a hundred times in the House of Rep-
resentatives, where the reading had been com-
menced, and it was agreed to suspend the further
reading. I do not agree with the Senator from
South Carolina that a Senator has a right to get
up and read, as a part of his speech, the encyclo-
paedia or the Bible, and say he intends to go
through with it. That is a question at all times
for the Senate to decide, and I have risen to speak
on that point. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] has undertaken to say that I have endeav-
ored to lecture this body. I appeal to the Senate,
who most often endeavors to fill the lecturer's
chair, that Senator or myself? Why, sir, what
have I done? I came to the Senate this morning,
and I said that I would move to take up the bill
now under consideration, but that if the minority
who oppose the bill would say that in the exercise
of their parliamentary rights they intended to re-
sist the passage of the bill, I would not insist upon
it. I wanted an avowal; no such avowal was
made. We have gone on to this time, and in what
maimer the journal of our proceedings will show.
The question which this day's proceedings pre-
sent is, whether the majority or the minority
shall govern? No one has attempted to deprive
the minority of any rights appertaining to them.
I hope the other portion of this body,themajority,
have their rights also, and the great question, that
question which lies at the bottom of all free insti-
tutions, is, whether the majority or minority shall
govern? Upon the issue of that question, I for
one am ready to go before the country and abide
their decision.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to say a
few words in reply to the distinguished and very
influential Senator from Kentucky—my venerable
friend, if he will allow me to apply to him such
appellation. He submits to the Senate the ques-
tion whether he or I am most disposed to lec-
ture the Senate. It could not have escaped his
generous nature that he was giving me a very de-
cided advantage in the proposition. He could not
have failed to perceive that if I should attempt,
following his example, to lecture the Senate, that
which in him would be impropriety, in me would
be presumption. Could the vote be taken on his
proposition, I might very freely consent to submit
it to the Senate. But did he not lecture the mi-
nority this morning? Did he not charge upon
them that their resort to parliamentary rules was
unfairness? Let those answer who remember the
reproof and the broad position taken that the ma-
jority have a right to pass what laws they deem
proper. I deny both the justice and the policy of
the position. I claim for the minority the protec-
tion of the parliamentary rules. I assert it as a
right, valuable and dear to the minority as any
they possess. Is it unfair in a Government of
limited powers, of a carefully devised system of
checks and balances, and forms of proceeding de-
signed to secure them, for a minority to resort to
the parliamentary advantage which under the rules
of the body they possess, to prevent a dominant
majority from forcing upon them measures viola-
tive of their sense of right and constitutional opin-
ions? If this be unfairness, I admit the charge.
Can there be any duty more sacred, any obliga-
tion more imperious to an honest man than the
maintenance of his principles? It is for that the
martyr embraces the stake. It is for that the pure
statesman sacrifices his political ambition. It is
for that alone I esteem it honorable to live as a
public man. To bow the suppliant knee to a
majority, to be swayed to and fro by the changing
phases of expediency, to change his course with
every oscillation of the political needle, is a rule
of conduct degrading to any man who claims to
be a freeman, and disqualifying to a citizen of a
representative Government like our own.
I regretted it this morning when the very distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky assumed the
province of dictation. I regretted it not for my-
self, but for him. I regretted that his zeal and
hot temper had led him too far towards those who
are, in right of their constituents, his peers on
this floor. I preferred, however, to leave it to
others to answer. I chose, for considerations
which do not concern the public, to be silent.
The repetition of remarks wliich it must have
been known would be offensive, has changed iny
intention. And because, when thus pressed, I
