1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. SouU, Clemens, Pearce, fyc. Price 50 for this Session.
have spoken with an exhibition of that zeal which I
belongs to my nature, the question is raised by
the Senator from Kentucky whether I do not more
than himself lecture the Senate. Is there among
you all with whom I have associated for years
fast—is there among you one who ever felt that
arrogantly pretended to superiority over him, or
claimed that he should surrender his opinions to
mine? Is there among you all one who has ever
found me claiming that he should follow a course
dictated by me? Have I shrunk from the unseen,
unrewarded labors of the body ? Have I in the
various committees in which I have served as-
sumed to direct, or failed to unite harmoniously,
earnestly, and laboriously in the service? I accept
the Senator's reference of his proposition, and leave
it with the Senate.
Mr. SOULE. I had no conception, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the amendment which I had the honor
of sending to your desk would raise the storm
which has been raging in this Hall for upwards of
an hour and a half. That storm, sir, while it con-
firms me in the opinion which I had formed that
the majority, who favor the bill, will suffer no
amendment to be inserted in it, from fear that the
least modification in any of its provisions may se-
riously endanger the harmony of interests which
the measure had so skillfully devised the means of
securing, betokens, if I be not in great error, the
downfall of the measure itself. Honorable Sen-
ators ought not to expect at the hands of those
opposed to the bill the surrender of any of the par-
liamentary means through which its defeat can be
secured. We mean not to conceal our ohject. It
must have been evident to such as are not blinded
by an overheated zeal for the object they seek to
attain, that from the moment the minority discov-
ered that no amendment would be suffered to cor-
rect the scandalous squandering of the public
treasure which the bill was intended to promote
and sanctify, they had resolved that no denuncia-
tions, no threats, no appeals, should move them
from the ground on which they had erected them-
selves in defence of the Constitution and of the
people's money. Sir, what objection can there be
to the grant implied in the appropriation provided
for by this amendment ? The improvement sought
to be effected is clearly of those which have a na-
tional object in view—the deepening of the passes
through which the whole produce of the Missis-
sippi valley is carried to distant regions, and the
commodities obtained in exchange introduced into
the great West.
It aims at no sectional advantage, and its attain-
ment interests equally the northeastern ship-owner
and the southwestern farmer. It is an object of
universal concernment. Not a voice can be raised
against its strict constitutionality; and yet, sir,
how unceremoniously would it have been dealt with
by the Senate, had not the opposition exhibited
dispositions to stand up by me to the last, and to
risk, if necessary, the whole measure upon its
non-passage!
Mr. President, I was careful not to urge the
amendment without being provided with such au-
thority in its support as I, at least, thought would
command the attention and secure the good will
of the Senate to its merits. Sir, in the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill of the last session,
#50,000 were appropriated for the purpose of ob-
taining a survey of the delta of the Mississippi,
and such information as might enable Congress to
judge of the practicability of deepening the passes
of that mighty river, so as to allow ships drawing
twenty feet of water to approach and enter them
without danger. The improvement which this
amendment introduces in the bill had, therefore,
the prospective sanction of Congress.
The survey has been partly effected, and that
part of it which relates to the great object now in
debate was, early in the session, reported upon.
You ordered the report to be printed, and it is
among the files on the desk of every Senator; but,
like many other reports, buried in the archives of
forgotten, and, indeed, unread documents. It was
my design to force its consideration on the Senate
by having read the able, comprehensive, and highly
satisfactory investigation it contains, the matter
which it referred to pertaining from its nature to
one of those special branches of science with which
most of us, I apprehend, are but little familiar. I
conceive that it would be more instructive, and
New Series—No. 24.
> certainly less tedious, for the Senate to listen to
: its contents than to any lame and impotent effort
I might have attempted at bringing it myself to its
notice. The report exceeded not in length an or-
( dinary speech. It had but sixteen pages, and the
Secretary had proceeded to the thirteenth, when
. he was stopped by the Senator from Vermont,
i Sir, the debate which sprang up from the interpo-
I sition of that honorable Senator has occupied thrice
as much time as the reading of the whole docu-
ment would have consumed, and cannot but in-
crease the bitterness with whi«h, on both sides,
we seem determined to prosecute our object. Is
the majority prepared to test our energies and
nerves, when it thus strives to impede all debate
and to avoid whatever may impart light to this
work of darkness? The vote about to be taken ,
will decide this question. 1
We have heard now what I would term the |
premises of the report—the facts obtained through
the exploration gone into. We have a system |
proposed which is recommended as affording in-
dubitable security for the attainment of the object |
sought to be promoted by the survey. Will not
the Senate have some patience and hear the con- i
\ elusion ? There are but three pages left, and it i
will not take the Clerk five minutes to read them.
1 demand to know whether the Senate will, by its
vote, signify to the country its settled purpose to
i listen to no argument, to accept of no light, be the
quarter whence it comes what it may ? Sir, the
Senator from Vermont finds fault with the reading
| of the report, because, as he assures us, it is but
: little attended to. Is that a good reason why the
I reading should be stopped? If that be the case,
let us apply the rule to those speeches so often de- i
livered here in the silence of a deserted Senate,
and which, to much less purpose than will be the
casein the present instance, are permitted to grace
the columns of the Globe, and even to obtain the
honors of the pamphlet^ I had not designed to
submit the majority to any infliction when I ex-
pressed the desire of having the report read; on the
contrary, I had in mind to relieve them from the
trouble of following me in a dry and most un-
seemly disquisition on matters with which I felt I
had but little familiarity. My object was near
being attained, and I would deeply regret that the
Senate should stop the Secretary when his task is
fast approaching its end.
The question was then taken upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair upon the motion of
the Senator from Vermont to suspend the further j
reading of the report, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bor- i
land, Bright, Cms, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hale, Jones, Mangtim,
Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Kantoul, i
Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham,
Walker, and Whitcomb—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Butter, Clemens, Davis of Mis- .
sissippi, Dawson, Downs, Houston, Rhett, Rusk, Soul6,
Turney, and Yulea—li.
So the decision was sustained.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
suspend the further reading of the report. >
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the vote is taken by
yeas and nays, 1 think it will be in order for me
to move to lay the bill upon the table. We have
long been engaged in a fruitless struggle. That
must be apparent to every one. The majority are
exasperated with the minority because they seek
by delay to defeat a measure which they cannot
defeat by any other means. The minority are
exasperated with the majority because they persist
in pressing a bill which the minority, by means of
delay, have it in their power to defeat. It is evident
that the result of this strife of parties will be that
the ordinary and necessary business of the session
must be neglected, the machinery of the Govern-
ment must be stopped; those bills upon which the
Government depends for support must be thrown
out, and the President of the United States, after
a few short months, must either disband the army
and navy, turn out of employment many civil
officers, and confine himself to the collection of
revenue at the different porta of entry, or he must
subject the country to the expense, the embarrass-
ment, and the inconvenience of an extra session
of Congress. Legislatures, perhaps, must be
called together, to pass laws for the election of
members of Congress out of the regular time.
I Who can tell how many evils this may bring upon
{the country ? And shall we not all incur a measure
of responsibility? It will be in vain for the mi-
nority to attempt to throw the whole measure of
responsibility upon the majority; and I fear it will
be idle for the majority to attempt to throw it all
upon the minority. I am not sure that the coun-
try will not hold all in some degree responsible for
; the consequences of this strife—a strife useless
and vain, which cannot result in any beneficial ac-
tion, and which can only result in evil.
Even now the spectacle which we present is not
that of the steady, harmonious, and beneficial ac-
tion of a republican Government, self-poised and
regular, but rather a spectacle of anarchy—a spec-
tacle which might well incline men to doubt
whether we have not made some mistake in the
form of government which we have adopted, of
whose admirable results we have hitherto been so
proud. I know the responsibility I incur when I
make this motion, but I must not avoid it, and
much as I regret it, I must hazard the responsi-
bility to my political friends which I know that I
incur also. But I entreat the Senate to pause and
cease this strife, so utterly useless and unprofita-
ble and dangerous. I entreat them to proceed to
the regular business of Congress. Let us employ
the few waning hours that are left to us in trans-
acting that necessary business which it is our duty
to perfect. We have done enough to fix the re-
sponsibility of the failure of the river and harbor
bill, if it is to be fixed upon one party or the
other. Let us now discharge our remaining duty
to the country and keep the Government in motion.
I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN. I advised the Senate to-day
that in consequence of the Senator from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Dayton] being called home by a tele-
graphic dispatch, I had agreed to abstain from
voting upon any final question.
The question was taken upon the motion to lay
on the table, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris,
Pearce, Khett, Rusk, S01U6, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yu-
lee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing,
Felch, Greene, Jones, Manguni, Miller, Pbelps, Pratt, Ran-
'■ toul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Under-
I wood, Upham, Wales,Walker, and Whitcomb—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
I [Messages were received from the House of
! Representatives announcing that the House had
| passed the act changing the time of holding the dis-
|l trict court in the State of Ohio; and that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
I the joint resolution relating to widow's pensions.
Also, that the House had passed Senate bill to di-
vide the State of Arkansas into two judicial dis-
' tricts; and a bill to authorize the payment of inter-
i est upon advances made by the State of Maine,
for the use of the United States Government in the
■ defence of the northeastern frontier.]
Mr. SOULE. I had not concluded my remarks.
I understand the question has not been decided
upon the subject of having the report read.
II The PRESIDENT. That is the question I was
i' about to put. Shall the reading proceed ?
|1 Mr. FOOTE. 1 have no idea of inflicting a long
I' speech upon the Senate, but I wish to make a single
observation. It has just been stated that the mi-
i nority are struggling with the majority, and I feel
bound to contest that point.
I have scrutinized this matter together with the
Senator from Illinois, who gives me his deliberate
opinion that a majority is opposed to this bill,
and that is the opinion of various ether gentlemen.
But, after all, I wish it to go out to the country in
its true form It is not a struggle on the part of
an ascertained minority against an ascertained
majority, but a struggle to resist all amendments
to a bill by a majority who insist on crowding it
down our throats, although we have no stomachs
for it.
The question was then taken on the motion to
i. suspend the further reading of the document, with
ii the following result:
