1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Riven and Harbors—Messrs. Sovle a&d FoOie.
Senate.
willing to meet the responsibility which justly falls
to ray lot under circumstances of this kind; and I
should think I was shrinking from that responsi-
bility which as a public man belongs to me if I
was not ready to do it, I should be recreant to
the duty that I owe to my constituents if I should
sit here silently and permit a bill to pass making
appropriations of money, which, to say nothing
of the constitutional power involved in the ques-
tion, would do such manifest, such obvious, ad-
mitted injustice as this bill does to a large portion
«f my constituents. One of the strongest argu-
ments against the adoption of this scheme is, that
instead of looking to the great interests of the
country, they unite a sufficient number of inter-
ests to carry through the measure. Why should
the friends of this measure, if it is feared that it
cannot bear the test of scrutiny, bring it forward
under circumstances of this kind? Where is the
necessity of adopting it at this time, when some
of these improvements have been suspended four
or five years? When a measure was first brought
forward similar to this, and passed Congress, the
bill was vetoed by the President. Has the coun-
try suffered greatly during the long time which
has since elapsed? Even supposing it has, there
could be no great evil now in permitting these
works to remain as they are for the short time that
will be required before they can be considered in
proper circumstances and with due time to con-
sider it.
In deciding this issue, Mr. President, the people
will compare the consequences which may follow
the acts of these who press this bill and those who
oppose it. What are the consequences, sir, if we
who oppose it succeed in that opposition? Why,
air, a good measure was never lost by a little de-
lay. This question has not been much discussed
for the last three or four years, and now this ap-
propriation bill has brought it up very suddenly.
If I believed it right, if I was sure the interest of
the country required it, I think a true policy would
dictate that it should not be pressed through in this
manner without due consideration, in the hurry of
the moment, with all its imperfections on its head.
The wiser course will be to let it lie over to the
next session of Congress, when we can sift this
matter to the bottom. I am one of those who be-
lieve that truth will always prevail. If there is
truth in the principle of this bill; if it is right; if
the country wants it; if it is fair 'and just and
proper, it will not be put down or destroyed by
investigation. If it is right, if it is proper, why
does the Senator from Kentucky, why does the
Senator from Massachusetts, and why do others
insist, not that it may be passed at a suitable and
propertime, but without proper discussion?—that it
must be passed this very night, and that if it is
«ot passed they will stop the wheels of Govern-
ment? If any argument was needed to prove the
injustice of the objects of this bill, nothing more
need be given, and I believe the people will require
nothing more than an acknowledgment of the
fact that it is attempted to press, to force this bill
through in this extraordinary manner.
Now, let us take the other side of the question;
let us suppose that this contest goes on and the
appropriation bills are defeated; that a called ses-
sion of Congress is necessary. What will be the
consequence? Not only will there be great ex-
citement on the subject at a time when we hoped
that a general calm was to prevail throughout the
country, but at a time when, from the situation of
our Treasury, eeonomy is certainly necessary; at
a time when it is admitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury that an additional loan or a tax will be
necessary to carry on the Government; at a time
when it is admitted that, for fifteen years, you do not
expect any revenue from the public lands; at a time
when the expenses of Government are increased
by extending the country from one ocean to the
other, almost over half the globe, and when it is
necessary to curtail the expenses of the Govern-
ment; I ask you if, at this time, it is a light re-
sponsibility not only to incur this excitement, but
the expenses and trouble and turmoil of calling
an extra session of Congress, which will add great-
ly to the expense that we are so poorly prepared
to meet ? There is a large number of States in
which the elections for the House of Representa-
tives have not taken place, and do not take place
until the Pall of the year, and you cannot have a
called session with any fairness of legality until
some half dozen or dozen States have called to-
gether their Legislatures to change their laws so
as to provide for the election of Representatives,
which at least will take several months. Now, if
consequences of this kind, and other consequences
still more important, if possible, are tftken into
view on the one side, and when on the other the
very worst thing that can happen is that it only
delays the passage of this bill for a very short
time, 1 do think, and I believe gentlemen will find
it so when they come to calculate the amount of
expense, that it will be so heavy that it will crush
them down.
Again: I consider the forcing of this measure
upon the Congress of the United States—I do not
like to use a harsh expression, but I suppose I
may use one as harsh as the Senator from Ken-
tucky did—I do consider the pressing forward of
this measure as not exactly fair, because the peo-
ple did not elect the members of this Congress
with the special expectation that this question
would come before them. This question has been
slumbering for four or five years; it is mooted
now when the people have not acted upon it. The
friends of this bill know as well as anybody elfe
that it was not acted upon. We are just now go-
ing into an election for the House of Representa-
tives, and there are many Senators yet to be elect-
ed, and I must say that though it may be very
right to insist that we must have this bill passed
to-night, to my plain common-sense it looks very
much like taking a snap-judgment. You do not
wish this question to go to the people, with ajl the
lights now on the subject, and all that can he
brought to bear upon it. Oh no, you have the
power now. It is very natural for some people
who have the power but seldom, to make the
most of it while they can. After all, notwith-
standing our friends are astonished very much at
the course pursued, perhaps they are right; it is
the last time they will have the power. They
know as well as the world around, how very dim-
cult it is for them to get the power, and when
they have it it is very fair to expect they will ex-
ercise it. But if they pass this bill, they shall
never do it until they adopt such proper and rea-
sonable amendments as are required. Then, sir,
if gentlemen choose to take this responsibility, if
they are so determined, what is the use of sitting
here till midnight; if those on the other side are
determined not to yield, why shall we struggle for
the balance of the night?—why not make a motion
to adjourn at once? If gentlemen who are so
anxious to fix this responsibility, will move an
adjournir.ent at once, they shall have their own
way so far as I am concerned. But if they sup-
pose that by keeping us up here all night, by
wearying us out, we are to be forced into a meas-
ure so unjust in many particulars, I must tell
them they have calculated^ no more correctly than :
on some other occasions. !
I must say I am not opposed to improvements j
generally. I do not go to the extreme measures j
which many of my party do. I have thought that i
some of them go to extremes, and, looking at this |
measure at a distance and generally, I supposed it
would be sent from the House of Representatives j
in such a form that I could vote for it, as I would,
most cheerfully, if it related to national objects
alone. But when I come to look into it, and,
above all, when I saw the determination that no
amendments should be made to the bill, that it
must go just as it is, and the more I scanned and
looked into it, the more decidedly did my objec- j
tions rise up against it, and the more inexpedient j
did I consider it to pass it. No one will regret i
more than I do the defeat of the appropriation bills j
and other necessary bills. It would be a most ex-
traordinary spectacle, Mr. President, if these bills j
should be defeated, not by the opponents of the Ad- >
ministration; and if defeated, it will not be by them, >
for they have been and they are now willing and ]
anxious to pass the appropriation bills. The chair- i
man of the Committee on Finance has watched most
anxiously and labored most assiduously to get for-
ward the appropriation bills, and on all proper oc-
casions has appealed to the Senate to lay this bill .
aside temporarily and dispose of some other meas- ;
ures. But no; the majority will have nothing done
unless this measure can be first passed. When j
the proposition now is, not to postpone this bill |
altogether, but to suspend action upon it for a
short time; when the motion is even made by a
friend of the bill, the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] declaring that it is impossible to
pas* it; when he says it is useless to struggle
longer, and comes forward and asks that it may
lie on the table for the present, or be postponed
until the appropriation bills can be disposed of,
that proposition is rejected. This being the case,
and the injustice of the bill being so great, and the
amendments being so reasonable and proper, and
the reasons why the other bills should pass so ur-
fent, and the ease with which perhaps they might
e passed if this were withdrawn, without loss of
time, so evident, I think that to insist that this
measure shall pass when it is seen that it cannot
be done, is exceedingly injudicious. I think I
shall not, as the Senator from Kentucky did, en-
join it upon the reporters to take down what is
said upon this subject, but I hope it will all be
taken down, and all go out to the country, every
word of it; and I am sure I shall not take any
pains to keep it under a bushel, but I shall spread
it, and I hope the people everywhere will read it.
I say, taking this view of the subject, I am per-
fectly willing to take the responsibility, whatever
may be th« consequences, of resisting this bill.
Desirous as I am to pass the appropriation and
Post Office bills and other measures, still, as I
think a general principle is involved in this bill
which I cannot sanction, I cannot consent to its
passage in its present form.
[At this stage of the proceeding several mes-
sages werf received from the House, and the 17th
joint rule was suspended in relation to certain
"bills.]
Mr. SOULE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the pending amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to make a speech,
but to say that I shall act on the principle which
has guided my conduct to-day and for several
days heretofore, and endeavor, as far as possible,
not to consume any time in useless debate. This
is an important proposition, and embraces the in-
terests of the State of Mississippi as well as of
the State of Louisiana. We live very near the
mouth of the river, and it so happens that although
for the State of Louisiana a considerable appro-
priation has been made, yet in this bill not one
single appropriation is made for the State of Mis-
sissippi. Any one who will look at the map will
see that there is no State better watered than Mis-
sissippi. The Yazoo, the Tallahatchie, the Big
Black, the Yalabusha, and other rivers, are navi-
gable for many hundred miles by steamboats. It
seems that those who framed this bill never looked
at the map of the State of Mississippi. They have
wholly neglected her rivers and her claims. In
the munificence of the Government, we are treated
with cool contempt, and are expected to bargain
our interest in the general funds of the Govern-
ment for what may be called a mess of pottage,
for the little appropriations made for the great
Mississippi river. If we were in an attitude to be
bought up, this appropriation is surely too small
to accomplish that object. But I believe I may
say for my constituents that they are not in such
an attitude; they cannot be induced either by ap-
propriations of land or money to violate their
sense of propriety and the principles which have
been so long endeared to them.
I did not feel at liberty to say less than this; and
I will not say more, because I am unwilling to
consume the time of the Senate unnecessarily. I
do hope that after a while the friends of the bill
will become a little reasonable, and, yielding to
the exigencies of the moment, will act on the ap-
propriation bills and the various important treaties
before us.
The question being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Downs, Foote, Houston, King, Morton, Bosk,
Soul£,and Yulee—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bar-
land, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hamlin, Jones, Miller, Mor-
ris, Pearee, Pratt, Kantoul, Seward, Smith, Spraance,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
comb—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
