379
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Foote, Clay, Davis of Miss., &fc.
Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise for the purpose of making
a motion, preliminary to which I shall make a last
appeal to honorable Senators. All must be per-
fectly satisfied now that this bill cannot pass. If
other gentlemen do not know it I do, and have told
them so before. Various amendments are yet to
be offered in this quarter of the Senate. I have
declined myself offering any further amendments,
but several honorable Senators have matured
amendments the adoption of which they believe
to be indispensable to the perfection of this bill.
They aver to me that they cannot conscientiously
vote for the bill unless it be amended in the man-
ner in which they propose; and I can assure the
Senate that these gentlemen conceive it necessary
that they should occupy some time in explanation
of their amendments. Under such circumstances,
it being most obvious that this bill cannot pass,
and it being equally obvious that, if the appropri-
ation bills be defeated, it will throw us into the
utmost confusion; and with a view of getting at
the appropriation bills and passing them, and hav-
ing treaties ratified and nominations acted upon,
1 move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CLAY asked for the yeas and nays, and 1
they were ordered.
[At this stage of the proceedings a message was
received from the House announcing that the
Speaker had signed several bills, which were enu-
merated; and other proceedings took place which
had no connection with the river and harbor bill.]
_ The PRESIDENT stated that the pending ques- [
tion was on the motion (o lay the bill on the table. J
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unani- I
moiis consent of the Senate for the suspension of
the 16th joint rule so as to authorize the transmis-
sion to the Senate of House bill 463, to authorize
one of the regiments of infantry to be converted
into an additional regiment of mounted riflemen. !
The PRESIDENT. A message has been re-
ceived from the House, stating that they had agreed
to suspend the 16th joint rule, so as to authorize i
the transmission to the Senate of that bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I ask the
unanimous consent to take up the message of the
House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi moves to lay the river and harbor bill on the
table, and on that motion the yeas and nays have '
been ordered.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clemens, [
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Gwin, Hale, 1
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, |
Pearce, Rhett, SouU, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—23. '
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Swing, Felch, Greene, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Phelps,
Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spru-
ance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Whit- ,
comb—35.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have voted for the last
time to lay this bill on the table, on a motion made
by a gentleman opposed to the bill. Whenever ,
that motion shall come from the friends of the bill,
I will vote for it; and I trust no gentleman of the
minority will again make it. I am willing to stay
here until we shall be compelled to adjourn, or ,
until those gentlemen who advocate this' bill shall
make amotion finally to dispose of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "We are ready to dis-
pose of it now.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, I have sev-
eral amendments which I shall propose to this bill
some time during the evening. I think it is neces-
sary, before I propose any amendment to which
my remarks would be restricted, that I should say
something in reply to remarks which have fallen
from friends of the bill. We have been told that
there is a minority here who are determined to de-
feat the will of the majority. I do not know
whether there is a majority for this bill or against
it. Certain it is, that the votes which have been
taken are no indications of it, because some gen-
tlemen who have uniformly voted with the friends
of the bill have announced their determination to
vote against the bill itself unless it be materially
amended. The friends of the bill have uniformly
voted down every amendment which has been
proposed, and have voted for appropriations for ;i
I places the location of which they did not know.
, We have been told that we shall assume a fearful
' responsibility before the country, if, by proceeding
in our opposition to the bill, we shall finally defeat
the appropriation bills. Well, if there is any re-
sponsibility to attach to that species of opposition,
we have high authority for proceeding in it. The
very member who reported this bill once spoke
out a session. What right has he, then, to com-
plain if we think proper to resort to a similar
practice? The very member who reported this
bill, and one of its warmest advocates, pursued,
and in time of war, too, the very course which he
is now complaining that we pursue.
So far as responsibility is concerned, I wish to
say that I am willing to take my share of it. If
any responsibility is to rest on me, or the party to
which 1 am attached, I am perfectly willing to
; take it. I am willing to go before the country
j with that responsibility, but I do not choose at the
, same time that facts shall be distorted or misrep-
resented here. I do not propose that we shall go
1 before the country on false issues, and that facts
1 shall be falsified. It is known to every member
of the Senate that if these appropriation bills are
defeated, it will be done by those who have per-
sisted in urging the passage of this bill in opposi-
tion to every other measure of beneficial legisla-
tion. They had full and sufficient warning. They
were told, the very moment the motion was made
to take up the bill, that this would be the probable
result. They have had warning, and they know
that nearly one half of this Senate in any event is
opposed to the passage of the bill, and they know
that that half of the Senate would resort to any
means they could to defeat its passage. That is
the ground which we are compelled to occupy.
! Our objections to this bill are constitutional. We
! cannot, so long as we are protected by the rules of
the Senate, consent to abandon the position we
! have taken, or consent to what we believe a vio-
lation of the Constitution. So far as I am con-
cerned, I say 1 meant to defeat the bill from the
beginning. I mean to defeat it now by any means
in my power. I hold myself justified in doing so,
and not onlyjustified, but I hold that it is demand-
ed of me, because, by consenting to withdraw my
opposition, I consent to the passage of an uncon-
stitutional bill, or one which I at least believe to
be unconstitutional; and, whether it be so or not,
the guilt on my part would be the same, because,
believing it to be unconstitutional, any consent to
its passage implicates me in the passage of it.
The friends of this measure knew the weapons
which the rules placed in our hands. They had
warning again and again that if this bill was taken
up and pressed, in opposition to all other meas-
ures, the result would be that the legislation of
the country would be stopped. The honorable
Senator from Kentucky indulged in a complaint
about the consumption of time. I ask him, and I
ask the Senate, and I do it with perfect respect, who
has consumed most of the time of the Senate from
the beginning of this discussion up to the present
time? Was it by this or the other side of the
Chamber ? So far as I am concerned, I have made
but one speech, and that, I believe, did not exceed
thirty minutes in length. I have consumed no
part of the time. The friends of the measure
have delayed it up to the present time. They did
not work upon it at a time when we could have
considered it carefully; and, if now they attempt
to force it upon us, they must expect us to resort
to the rules to defend ourselves.
We have had during the discussion of this bill
some new discoveries as to Democracy. I shall
move directly to strike out the appropriation for
the Arkansas river, and call on the Senator from
Arkansas to tell me what portion of the Baltimore
platform, what portion of General Jackson's mes-
sages, or what portion of Mr. Calhoun's letter, he
can rely upon to sustain him in voting for the
improvement of that river, a little stream which
rises in the Indian nation, and flows altogether
through the State of Arkansas, where for three
quarters of the way a squirrel can jump from one
side of it to the other? It is said this is national;
that it is sustained and supported by the principles
of the great Democratic party, and Democrats are
called upon to vote for this measure, and we are
told that General Jackson, Mr. Polk, Mr. Cal-,
houn, and half a dozen other leaders of the party,
in times gone by, have sanctioned such things. I
deny it. Then there are $50,000 appropriated for
the harbor at Dubuque. Who ever heard of a
harbor there? There is none. Dubuque is a little
town upon the upper waters of the Mississippi.
How is that appropriation to be justified upon any
Democratic principle? No one has attempted to
justify it. I shall read the Democratic creed; and
to prevent the possibility of any one moving to
suspend its reading, I will read it myself.
The honorable gentleman proceeded to read at
great length various extracts from the message of
President Polk vetoing the bill for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed Senate bill
No. 4, entitled "An act for the relief of the Amer-
ican Colonization Society," without amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent to move to suspend the 17th joint rule, for
the purpose of allowing that bill to be sent to the
President.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. TURNEY. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. I object to sending any more
bills, unless they are appropriation bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well; we can ob-
ject to everything else.
At this stage of the proceeding a message was
received from the House in regard to action on
other bills; also a message from the President, that
he had signed certain bills.}
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, I have con-
sumed now something like an hour and a half of
the time of the Senate, and I take it upon me to
assert that better doctrine has never been promul-
gated here. I have another speech of about the
same length to make, but, for the purpose of rest-
ing my voice, I believe I will not make it until the
bill shall be reported to the Senate, when I shall
make it, containing the same doctrines, but not
quite so well expressed. Before I take my seat I
wish to notice a very significant avowal made by
the Senator from Kentucky.
He told us that this morning he sought an
avowal from us as to whether it was our purpose to
defeat this bill. I did not happen to be in at the
moment, and do not know what language he used,
and I take his last declaration that he sought an
avowal. For what purpose was that avowal
sought? Was it for the purpose of ascertaining
whether this bill would be resisted, and if so, to
lay it on the table? His subsequent conduct has
indicated very clearly that was not the purpose.
For what purpose, then, did he seek the avowal?
I supppse the usual and courteous phrase in which
to put it is, that he wanted it to go to the country.
Plain men in the backwoods, however, would call
it an electioneering issue. He sought, then, an
electioneering issue upon this bill. So far as I am
concerned, he may have it. If he wishes to go to
the country upon the issue, I am willing that he
shall do so. 1 intend to go to the country upon it,
and when this bill is taken up and examined by
the people; when its deformities are exposed, as
they will be; when the determination of Senators
to vote down every amendment is seen, I would
like to see the part of the country in which it will
be sustained by the honest yeomanry of the land.
We had an avowal early in the day—or, if not an
avowal, indications that every amendment was to
be voted down, and every amendment that has
been offered has been voted down. For the pur-
pose of saving myself the trouble of making an
explanation hereafter, I will state that when this
determination was manifested, when it was clear
and certain that the friends of the bill intended to
force it upon us in this shape, and resisted the pas-
sage of every amendment, I voted for every one
that was offered, and in doing so 1 did not mean
to commit myself to them, for if every one of them
had been adopted I should still have voted against
the bill. I am perfectly willing to take a little rest
until this bill is reported to the Senate, when I
shall have another hour-and-a-half speech to make.
I give way to the Senator from Virginia.
[At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Hunter,
by unanimous consent, made a report from the
committee of conference on the Post Office appro-
priation bill; and, by unanimous consent, action
was had in regard to other bills.]
