1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Clemens, Borland, Gwin, Dickinson, Sfc. Senate.
Mr. CLEMENS. I gave notice before I com-
menced reading that I had several amendments to
propose to this river and harbor bill; and first I
move to strike outofthe following clause:" For the
improvement of the Mississippi river below the rap-
ids, the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville,
the Missouri and Arkansas rivers, $240,000," the
words " and Arkansas." Upon that amendment
1 ask for the yeas and nays. I wish to see how
many Democrats will stand on the Baltimore plat-
form. I wish to see whether those Democratswho
think they are on Mr. Calhoun's platform will
vote to retain that river in this bill. I want to
know what is national in its character.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I simply desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the vote about to be
taken. I do not deem it atall necessary to go into
a defence of this appropriation. The improvement
of the Arkansas river has been so long an object
of public attention, and Congress has so frequent- 1
ly made appropriations for this purpose, that it is j
not requisite now to state its character or defend !
Rs merits. j
The question being taken on the amendment,
by yeas and nays, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright. Clemens, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Dickinson, Downs, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason, ,
Morton, Norris, Soal£, Sturgeon, Turney, Whitconib, ana i
Yulee—17. j
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis or Mas-
sachusetts, Dodge of Iowa, E wing, Wreene, Houston, Jones, I
Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Rautoul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Cpham, Wales, and Walker
—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make a last appeal to
the Senate to save the appropriation bills. I have
just been informed by the Secretary of State that
at twelve o 'clock the President of the United States
intends to issue a notice to the Senators to convene
in executive session to-morrow. I am very anx-
ious, on account of the constituency I represent,
that these appropriation bills should pass. Nearly
all the important measures connected with that
country are incorporated in them. I therefore
conceive it to be my duty to make an appeal to
both sides of the Senate to take up those bills and
act upon them. I hope the gentlemen who are in
favor of the passage of this river and harbor bill
will interpose no further objections to laying it on
the table and taking Up the appropriation bills. It
is now perfectly evident that this bill cannot pass,
and that, if this discussion be kept up, we shall
lose the appropriation bills. I conceive it to be a
duty we all owe to the country to take up those
bills and pass them, inasmuch as it is perfectly
evident that if this bill is not laid on the table they
will be lost, and in less than an hour from this
time a notice will be on our table that we will be
called into extraordinary session to-morrow. I
more to lay the bill on the table, and on that I ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the Senator withdraw
- his motion for a moment?
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. DICKINSON. My impression has been,
from the commencement of this struggle, that the
appropriation bills necessary for the support of the
Government should first be acted upon. I should
hold it to be a great misfortune, as well as a great
shame, if the very same Congress who quieted the
agitation which lately existed all over the country,
by the passage of the compromise measures,
should contribute to break down the -very Govern-
ment which it boasts of having established on a
firmer basis. I think it is due to the occasion to
pass the bills necessary to carry on the Govern-
ment, and then we may take up this bill. I have
been exceedingly anxious that a portion of this
bill should pass; and although it contains several
provisions which are too objectionable to receive
my vote, I have deemed it proper to keep this bill
before the Senate, in order to see if it could not be
Elaced in a shape in which I could vote for it. I
ave,.therefore, voted against every motion to lay
it on the table, and against every motion to post-
pone it, because I wished to see whether it could
not be put in a shape that I could vote for it. But
it is perfectly evident now to every one who knows
anything of the temper of the Senate that the bill
cannot pass. Why this strugjle? Why this
boyish—less than boyish—this childish struggle
over this bill? We may as well meet this resist-
ance. Let us lay the bill aside by common con-
sent and not prolong the controversy as to who
" killed cock robin." Let us take up and pass the
appropriation bills, and then if there is any more
time left of my term of official existence, I shall
be happy to take up this bill, and try to dispose of
it. I regretted to hear the Senator from California
call for the yeas and nays on his motion, because
as long as they are called, just so long this bill
will be kept up. Let us lay the bill aside, and take
up the appropriation bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from New
York tells us that this bill cannot pass. He tells
us that it is manifest to everybody that it cannot
be passed. Now, how does he know that until
we come to the vote ? How does he know that
( until we come to a vote on the third reading of the
bill ? It is a prescience which I do not concede to
that gentleman, as much as I admire his sagacity.
He cannot tell until we vote whetherit will pass or
not. Then the object is never to come to a vote— !
to the test. We have been waiting here for hours |
to apply that test to this bill, and it is because of >
gentlemen on the other side that we cannot get the
test applied. They will not allow it to come to a I
vote, but they fight off; and as they have made the
issue, as that has been their policy from the be- '
ginning, as they have placed themselves in that
position, and as we have been ready and anxious
and desirous and willing to vote, now, when they
have wasted the time of the Senate, I am for meet-
ing them before the country on the issue which
they themselves have made. It is their proposal;
they have submitted it; they have taken their
course, when we have been mostly silent, ready, ,
anxious, and desirous to vote; and now they wish I
to escape the effects of their own conduct by tell- j
ing us that we can never get to a vote, and that it !
is impossible for the bill to pass, and they ask us !
to lay it down so that the business of the country
may go on. Sir, they are the persons that are de-
feating the business of the country. This is the
i business of the country; this is the legitimate busi-
ness of the country. We have a right to ask them
i to vote upon it, and I hope that those who have
, remained here, anxious to vote, until this time,
j will not go until the bill is passed. I shall, there-
fore, call for the yeas ana nays if the motion is
made to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot permit sojne obversa-
j tions which have fallen from the honorable Sena-
j tor from Kentucky to go out unanswered. It is
not just to us to say that we have taken the re-
sponsibility of defeating this bill, or any bill. We
! stand before' the country in such an attitude that
| all honest men, free from prejudice, will applaud
j our conduct and condemn the conduct of our ad-
i versaries.
|] Mr. UNDERWOOD. I deny it.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman denies it; but
when he confesses that he is not able to see that
this bill will be defeated, his denial is worth about
as much as his power of prophecy—that is, noth-
ing. What is the present state of things? We
have said, upon our honor as Senators, that we
have conscientious scruples against it.
Mr. JONES. Then vote against it.
Mr. FOOTE. So I will. This bill has come
here full of deformities on its face. We are sent
here not for the purpose of adopting hasty legis-
lation, not for the purpose of legislating crudely,
not for the purpose of legislating recklessly, but
with the expectation honestly entertained on the
part of our constituents that we will legislate with
circumspection, with consideration, with scrutiny,
and with a conscientious regard for the character
| of the bills thrown before us. The advocates of
this bill confess that it is a deformed bill. They
confess that it has great deficiencies; they say it is
an imperfect bill, and yet they wish to cram it
I down our throats in opposition to our consciences,
I and say that if we do not vote for it we shall have
the responsibility of defeating the appropriation
bills. What have we said in reply? We beg
you to let the appropriation bills be passed. We
beg you to allow treaties to be ratified; we beg
you most earnestly to permit the important busi-
j ness of the country to be attended to, and then, if
you wish to come into the arena of controversy,
I you may take the responsibility of passing this bill (
with all its deformities impressed upon its face, or
we will fairly test the matter with you in thia
Hall and before the country. They have said no;
we will not fight you fairly; we dare not meet
you fairly in the open field of combat: we intend
to force you to vote upon this bill in opposition to
your own conscience, under the terror which we
are capable of inspiring by our extraordinary elo-
quence, the terror of popular responsibility. That
suggestion is founded upon a suspicion of what
does not exist in this country. The people of this
country are discerning; they are sagacious; they
are intelligent; they understand the business of
the country quite as well as ordinary legislators;
quite as well as any man who cannot see that it is
impossible to pass this bill at the present time.
What is the state of things? Gentlemen say,
why don't you vote upon the bill? I have offered
no amendments of late; but do not gentlemen
know that Senators here are as free as they are, as
independent as they are, as conscientious as they
are, as patriotic as they are? Will they not ap-
preciate our motives of action while we appreciate
theirs ? We have charged no want of conscien-
tiousness upon them. How dare they question
our motives, either by implication or express
language? We tell them we are anxious to vote
for the main features of this bill. We tell them
that an internal improvement bill of a national
character is as dear to us as it is to them; that we
are anxious that a proper system of internal im-
provements of a national character, such as we can
sanction as conscientious statesmen, shall be
adopted as a part of the legislation of the country,
and we beg them to give us a fair chance to reform
the great deficiencies of this bill, that we may have
an opportunity of participating with them in that
efficient legislation which is to secure to the coun-
try a system of internal improvements of a national
character, wholesome in its influence, calculated,
instead of undermining our institutions, to revive
them, and to give them a vigor and stability which
! they perhaps have heretofore lacked. This is our
proposition to them, and what do they say ? They
say no; we will hold you responsible before the
country; we are " potent, grave, and reverend
seignors;" we are the masters in this country; we
hold the rod of correction over you; and we hold
before you the terrors of a popular responsi-
bility; and our eloquent voicesareto go before the
people of this country for the purpose of holding
you to a responsibility, when we know in our
hearts that if they be free from prejudice they will
admit it does not rest upon you, but properly upon
us. That is the language of gentlemen, properly
interpreted. Why is it that the appropriation bills
are not passed ? Whose fault is it that they were
not taken up on Saturday ? Did we not prophesy
then the very state of things which now exists ?
Did we not ask them to pass the appropriation bills
and other national measures of imperious necessity,
and say that then, if gentlemen wished to engage
in a fierce controversy in regard to internal im-
provements, we would be prepared to meet them,
and to contest the matter to the last moment ? But
\ no, say they; we will not do it; we will take it for
t granted that you are cowards; we will take it for
i granted that we can infuse into your bosoms such
an alarm of popular responsibility as will prevent
you from doing your duty as men and as patriots
in this high hall of legislation. It is upon that pre-
sumption that honorable gentlemen have thought
proper to act. They have treated us as children,
as idiots, as slaves, and I trust that they know
that we now stand upon our own responsibility to
our country; that we are not afraid to cope with
them. We dare them, and we invite them into
the arena of controversy, and are prepared to fix
upon them a stigma of responsibilty that will be as
lasting as the eternal hills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi has said that he will not allow my speech
to go out to the country without its being an-
swered. I will allow his speech to take that di-
rection without an answer.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very glad the honorable
Senator does so, and the reason is obvious. It is
because he thinks it unanswerable. [Laughter.]
All who know the gentleman's capacity for respon-
sibility, and have heard how feebly he has spoken
on this occasion, will understand why he is dumb-
founded.
