374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Underwood, Foote, Houston, Cooper, fyc.
Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am perfectly willing
to let the country decide between your responsi-
bility and mine.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman is personal.
[A message was here received from the House
announcing the passage of certain bills.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I had hoped
that I would be able to give a silent vote on this
occasion, and that I would, under no circumstan-
ces, have been induced to say a syllable upon the
subject. But from the direction which this sub-
ject has taken, I find it indispensable, as a part of
my duty, to offer some remarks upon it. There-
marks of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Un-
derwood] were not, I thought, of a character well
calculated to advance the business of this body.
Nor do I think them entirely called for by the op-
position to this bill; nor are they deserved, so far
as my action is concerned. I would feel myself
recreant to duty and to principle were I to permit
any bill to pass this body without opposition
which I believed obnoxious. This bill, to my ap-
prehension, and from the best lights which have
been shed upon it, is of the most objectionable
character. If its provisions came within the pale
of the Constitution, I would, in many instances,
have given them the most cordial support. Many
of the provisions of the bill are of a character con-
sonant with the Constitution; others are adverse
and opposed to its very principles.
I am for a system of internal improvements
such as is contemplated by the Constitution and
the national requirements under which we exist,
but I am not in favor of running into a boundless
field of expediency. Where an object is for na-
tional ends and national purposes, 1 am ready to
accord it my hearty aid and support. When an
object of improvement is presented for my sup-
port, I would wish to know the amount necessary
for its commencement, I would wish to see an es-
timate of what expenditure would be necessary
for its completion; when that was done, I would
exercise my best judgment upon it. This is not
a bill of that description, and I have learned from
the chairman of the committee of the House of
Representatives that many parts of this bill were
highly objectionable and such as he could not
sanction, and only received his support in the
other branch of the National Legislature because
he hoped it would here receive such modifications
and amendments as would render it unexception-
able in its character. Has an opportunity been
afforded for deliberation in this body on the bill?
Within two days the bill has been taken up in
this body, and every effort has been made by its
friends to avoid discussion and investigation, and
force it upon the minority in despite of their rights,
and trample down their privileges.
Sir, is the opposition to this bill to be obviated
and its opponents intimidated by threats of pop-
ular denunciation and of popular prejudice? I
trust that higher motives actuate the men who op-
pose the passage of this bill, and that they are
perfectly willing to incur the responsibility of their
action. I know not what responsibility other op-
ponents of this bill may have incurred; nor do I
know how they regard that responsibility; but for
myself, so far as I am concerned in relation to this
measure, I have had a total disregard of the conse-
quences. I would feel a great contempt for my-
lelf when I had an honest and conscientious
opposition to a bill, if 1 did not interpose my ob-
jections, if I did not vote against it regardless of
expediency, and regardful only of the public in-
terests of the country. I have pursued thatcourse,
and I assume that other gentlemen are as honest
as 1 am myself.
But on whom must the responsibility devolve ?
Was the bill so perfect when it came here that
amendments were unnecessary ? Amendments of
every description that has been offered here have
been opposed by the friends and advocates of this
measure. They have attempted to force this bill
through without deliberation and without discus-
sion. They have resisted every attempt to amend
or modify this measure. Why was this? Was
this not dictatorial towards the minority? I think
it was. Have not the advocates of this bill, under
the extraordinary circumstances here presented,
been the entire means of preventing the passage of
the regular appropriation bills which are necessary
to conduct the Government and sustain the pres-
ent Administration? Are we not bound in good
faith to sustain the Administration while it is en-
gaged in promoting the interests of the country,
and in administering the affairs of the nation? I
care not whether it is a man of my choice who
presides over the nation, or whether it is a gentle-
man of opposite politics and opposite party to that
with which I act; so long as he pursues and has
for his object the welfare of the Union, and has
the laws and the Constitution for his guide, I will
stand by him and render him a faithful and hon-
est support. That is the duty of every Senator.
But how can you give support to the Administra-
tion, to the Government, to the institutions of the
country, unless you make the customary appro-
priations? You cannot. If vou do not make ap-
propriations, you clog the wheels of Government
and urge the necessity of an extra session of the
Senate. Have the opponents of this bill been in-
strumental in that? If they have, it has been to
avert a calamitous evil; to prevent the enactment
of a ruinous law which would increase the indebt-
edness of the nation by an addition of two millions
and a half. And are we to be denounced for the
course we are pursuing? Are we to be afraid of
popular responsibility ? I invoke popular opinion.
I ask the people to say upon whom responsibility
rests. They will find out the secret. It was the
endeavor by the majority to force on the minority
an obnoxious and unconstitutional bill. We have
arrested and withstood it.
I have occupied no portion of the time of this
session. I have been anxious for the transaction
of business. I have done what I thought it my
duty to do for the passage of the appropriation
bills, that the wheels of the Government might
continue in their course unobstructed, and the Ex-
ecutive be sustained. His friends have wounded
him; it is in his own house that he has found his
worst enemies. And yet the blame is thrown on
the opposition to this bill. Sir, this is a bill of
abominations, and if it does contain some provis-
ions that are right and constitutional, that does not
justify us in sanctioning the obnoxious portions
of it. Nor will I ever surrender a senatorial priv-
ilege while I stand on this floor by yielding to any
pressure from without with which I can be threat-
ened. As long as I am here, all I ask is that I
may have a fair opportunity to discuss and delib-
erate on every measure that is presented; but I will
not have a measure thrust upon me with the pur-
pose of making me swallow it, or be punished for
not liking the physic. I will have none of it;
"throw physic to the dogs."
I have had no agency in consuming the time of
the Senate in this discussion. I have voted si-
lently. I simply rose at this time for the purpose
of expressing my detestation of the latitudinous
construction given to the Constitution by this bill.
When gentlemen threatened me and my associates
with popular chastisement, I felt bound to give
utterance to my sentiments on this occasion. I
will never sacrifice an honestly-formed opinion to
any menace that can come from any quarter to
coerce me. I cannot sacrifice one principle that I
have cherished from my earliest convictions of
constitutional law up to the present moment. I
cannot sacrifice a principle which I regard as the
safeguard of the Constitution. I look to a latitu-
dinous construction of that instrument upon the
subject of internal improvements, without esti-
mates and without ascertaining the amount of ex-
penditure necessary, as one of the greatest evils
that can afflict the country. I have been prepared
to sacrifice everything to the passage of the usual
appropriation bills. I deplore the situation in
which we are placed; I have not to answer for it;
I have incurred no responsibility except by my
recorded action in this house, and by that I am
willing to stand or fall. We are not contumacious
on this occasion; we have submitted to all that
our opponents chose to inflict; they have threat-
ened us with the consequences of the failure of
the regular appropriation bills; but they ought
not to have introduced this irregular measure,
at an unfit time and in an unseemly manner, and
pressed it upon us on the last two days of the
session of Congress as the only measure to
be acted upon. What necessity was there for
such urgency? Was this to supply deficiencies
of former plans? No, sir; it is a broadcast sys-
tem of internal improvements, and not merely for
the completion of works which have been pro-
jected. Had the bill embraced only such provis-
ions as were necessary to complete works in prog-
ress, I would have been satisfied to vote for it
without much examination. But when rivers of
various descriptions, big and little, have been
brought in, I am disposed to resist it to the very
last, and 1 am prepared to meet the consequence!
[ of the course winch I have pursued.
j I am perfectly satisfied upon the subject of re-
I sponsibility. T have no doubt the opponents of
the bill have no objection to let the matter go be-
fore the nation in the worst aspect for them and
the best aspect possible for the friends of the-
measure. The friends of this bill may obtain from
the people a sanction of this extravagant plan;
they may get the endorsement of the American
people to this extravagant expenditure of money,
the American people may not stand in terror of a
national debt; they may be willing not onlyto sub-
mit to the expenditure of all the revenue, but to
resort to loans. They may be willing at some fu-
ture day to submit to direct taxation for the pur-
pose of completing works that may be commenced
without estimate, and which must be finished; but
I greatly mistake the American people if they will
do this. If this bill passes, just so sure as the sun
is now beneath the horizon will tliil nation have
to extricate itself from a national debt by a pro-
cess of loans and direct taxation. Do you tell
me that you can convince the American people
that this is right and necessary, and that in this
their only felicity and safety consist? Direct
taxation is the last thing to which the American
; people will submit. Gentlemen will find that the
American people are opposed to iunning into debt
for internal improvements, in which the nation is
not interested, though they may be in favor of
completing such works as nave been commenced,
and constructing such as are necessary to the gen-
eral welfare, and the external commerce of the
country. The States should not be divested of the
power to make internal improvements. There are
important national works appropriated for in this
I bill, which should be appropriated for. The Gov-
: ernment should make such appropriations as would
facilitate the transportation of troops and military
t stores. But this is not to be done by appropriating
for Big Sodus and Little Sodus and other ports
named in this bill.
Though there be one hundred items of the bill
of which I approve, yet if it contain one item
which I think unconstitutional, or prejudicial to
the general interests of the country, I will vote
against the entire bill.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed Senate bill to incor-
porate the Union Gaslight Company, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with an amendment, in which
they requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand there is a small
bill from the House which has just come to tha
Senate, and which is a very important one. I
desire that it may be put upon its passage. It is
an act to incorporate the Union Gaslight Com-
pany, in the District of Columbia, with an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. If there is no objection it
will be taken up.
Mr. COOPER. I have been told there are se-
rious objections to that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I suspect the Senator is mis-
Mr. COOPER. No, sir; I object.]
Mr. SEWARD. Allusions have been made in
the progress of this debate to two places which
have been named with favor by tne House of
Representatives for appropriations—Big Sodus
, and Little Sodus. The wit and ingenuity and
eloquence of the Senate have been exhausted upon
these cases. Sir, I beg leave, in behalf of these
places, to say that although their names may sub-
ject them to suspicion as to their importance, they
are both located upon a large inland sea—that that
sea is one of four which, connected with rivers,
constitute a channel for commerce which is unsur-
passed on this continent, and unsurpassed on any
continent on earth—that they are all portions of
the great river, consisting of the lakes, and the
Niagara, and the St. Lawrence, which rolls to the
ocean a volume exceeding in quantity that of the
