1851.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Messrs. Downs, Bell, and Foote.
Senate.
let it also be adopted in reference to foreign com-
merce. The commercial power given by the Con-
stitution is as extensive and unlimited when ap-
plied to inland commerce as to external. Let
even-handed justice be dealt to both. Here I beg
again to refer to the contrast between the expendi-
ture of the Government in giving protection and
facilities to foreign and those given to inland com-
merce. Look at the enormous annual expendi-
ture for the security of foreign trade, while noth-
ing is given for the security and advancement of
commerce on the great waters of the richest valley
in the world.
The honorable Senators who so Sternly and
resolutely oppose this bill, think the majority
ought to abandon it. They say, in the first place,
that it was not taken up according to its right of
precedence on the calendar. I have already shown
that this bill had precedence of the civil and diplo-
matic bill according to the usual order of business
in the Senate. Its consideration was pressed in
preference to all other measures, because of its
great importance to the interests of a great and
neglected section of the Union. The exigency
was imperative and pressing.
Mr. DOWNS. Why was it not brought for-
ward earlier in the session ?
Mr. BELL. It was not sent to the Senate until
the 25th of February.
Mr. FOOTE. I can tell the history of the mat-
ter.
Mr. BELL. I do not want to hear any private
history, and there could be no motive among its
friends in either House to delay it. I know the
Committee on Commerce of the Senate, who had
numerous memorials before them on the subject,
thought it better to wait until the House of Rep-
resentatives decided on the question. The general
principles connected with the subject have long
since been fully discussed, and every member
doubtless had his mind made up before the bill
was taken up. Let the minority, who are oppo-
sing this bill, say when such a measure will ever
pass Congress, if this one is abandoned now. It
is already said that this is an obsoletepolicy; that
Mr. Polk's veto of 1846 killed it. There was a
food reason for not pressing a measure of this
ind while Mr. Polk continued in power; and,
besides, the Mexican war, for the time, absorbed
the public attention and the resources of the Treas-
ury. At the last session of Congress, I need not
say what feelings and what interests operated to
defer any measure of this character. They are
too well known; the recollection of them is too
vivid to require even a passing notice from me.
During Mr. Polk's administration this whole pol-
icy was arrested; and this is the first session since
that time, when the subject could be renewed with
any prospect of success. We have now an ap-
parent majority of eight or ten in favor of this
measure, and why should it not be passed ? Ample
time has been allowed its opponents to discuss it
in every aspect of it.
Mr. DOWNS. I would like to know if a gen-
eral system of internal improvements was not ad-
vocated by the Whig party during the last Presi-
dential campaign?
Mr. BELL. Not to my knowledge. I have
never advocated a general system of internal im-
provements. I sustained General Jackson in his
veto of that system. The honorable Senator
speaks of a general system of internal improve-
ments. I have adverted to that distinction a hun-
dred times in discussing these questions before the
people. I have not considered that gentlemen of
the Democratic party, as a party, were committed
against the improvement of rivers and harbors.
We hive only to complain that they never coil-
form to their principles upon this subject. The
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
would not, in my opinion, be inconsistent—would
not contradict the principles of the Baltimore plat-
form, if he voted for every item in the bill. His
doctrines, as avowed in this debate on the subject
of improving the rivers and harbors of the West,
have been held for many years, in my section of
the country, as good Whig doctrine.
But I am sorry to have said anything in rela-
tion to party in speaking of a subject which ought
to be free from party considerations altogether;
which ought to be emancipated from the embar-
rassments of party feelings and party interests. I
should not have adverted to it at all, but for the in-
terrogatory of the Senator from Louisiana.
Honorable Senators expect the majority to yield
because, they say, the bill ought not to be thrown
on the last days of the session. Now, I have been
a member of Congress, of one House or the other,
for eighteen years, and I have never known a time
when all great and leading measures were not
1 thrown on the last days of the session. I have
never attributed this to design. It is an inevitable
result of the organization and practical operation
1 of our system of legislation.
! Mr. FOOTE. It is by design, 1 think.
Mr. BELL. It always requires labor and time ;
, before such a measure can be digested in commit-
tee. It requires careful consideration to select
proper points for improvement—improvements
that can be defended upbn principle; and though ,
such bills should be reported early in the session,
it always happens that they are last considered.
t I have never known the appropriation bills to be
passed till within the few last clays of the session.
And 1 may ask why the appropriation bills have
been delayed until the last of the session ? I know
estimates are required to be sent in early; but does
that forward or materially expedite the bills? We
may differ about the causes of delay, but the fact
is as I have stated. If now, air, with an appar-
' ent majority of nine or ten in favor of this bill,
we yield, may we expect to pass such a bill at the
next session of Congress ? May we not expect
to have a renewal then of the same obstinate
spirit of opposition which we now behold ? Why
is there such a determined Spirit of opposition to
this bill by the minority of the Senate ? But do
gentlemen expect by this means to defeat the pol-
icy of making any appropriations to internal trade
forever? It is essential that the great West should
know whether they may or may not rely upon
the Government of the United States to aid in re-
moving the obstructions in thsir grSat rivers atid
lakes, and providing for the security of their lives
and property. It is important that they should
know this, so that they may be waked up to a
full and earnest consideration of the subject and
the mode of relief. Something must be done,
j Honorable Senators have threatened that the
' majority will be held responsible if the appropria-
tion bills should fail. I am not so vain as to un-
dertake to predict with certaintywhat may be the
Consequence to the majority. They may be cen-
sured; their political prospects may be destroyed
by persisting in this measure; but such is not my
opinion. It may be well for the minority to con-
sider what may be the consequence to them if
they persist, against the manifest sentiment of the
majority, in wearing out the session in opposing
this measure.
I wish to ask my honorable friends on the other
side of the Chamber if they desire to see the pre-
vious question adopted in the Senate ? I never do.
I never want to see it established as a rule of this
, body; but I warn gentlemen that they are provo-
king the establishment of such a rule. I do not
J blame gentlemen for resorting to all constitutional
| and parliamentary means in opposing at any time
I a really obnoxious measure. If this were a vi-
' cious measure, if it were a bin of enormities in
| reality, if it were a bill violatory of any great prin-
ciple of public liberty or of the Constitution, I
would say Senators are perfectly justifiable in their
course; but this I deny.
i Gentlemen have denounced this as a bill of
enormities. Let them point to the items which
constitute this enormity—let them point to a single
item of such a nature. Opponents of the bill have
spoken more than twenty-two hours, and they
have not yet pointed out one of these enormities.
But I recur to the question: do honorable Senators
wish to see the previous question introduced as
one of the rules of the Senate?
Mr. FOOTE. I believe we never will have it
here.
Mr. BELL. I believe a majority of the Senate
can, by the Constitution, at every new Congress,
adopt rules and regulations to govern their pro-
ceedings; and it will be in their power to establish
the previous question as one of the rules. I, too,
trust we never shall adopt it. But if these appro-
priations are withheld from the great West, they
j will send a majority here that will wrest from the
{ minority the power to defe&t these beneficent ob-
jects. I shall be most reluctant—I shall be among
the last, to consent to the adoption of the previous
question in the Senate, if it be possible to avoid it
and yet do justice to the claims of the great inter-
ests of the country. The Senate ought to be a
body which would never require a resort to such
a mode of enforcing the will of the majority, or of
providing for the wants of the country. The priv-
ilege of debate, either in one House or the other,
should be free and unrestricted. We should have
no five minutes rule—no hourrule. I consider itone
Of the greatest safeguards of our liberty and union
that debate should be free. But if the minority
•Will, to-night, persist and defeat this bill, they
must take the responsibility of all the conse-
quences. 1 warn them again, that if they persist
in their present course, they may create such a
feeling, such a sentiment of indignation in the
country, that the members of this body will be
compelled to yield to it. Senators from the South,
particularly, should reflect on this. God grant the
previous question may never be adopted in this
body. Not even the loss of this measure would
induce me to vote for its adoption, while any hope
remains of a better and more practical temper
among members. I go for freedom of debate.
Standing here, with unrestricted and free debate,
I defy any combination of fanatics or enemies of
the Union to sunder its ties. But the moment you
apply the gag, the moment you adopt the previous
question as a rule, and stifle free debate, I would
not give much, as a southern man, for the guaran-
tees of the Constitution. Situated as we are, ex-
Eosed as we are to adverse interests and so much
ostile feeling, I again warn honorable Senators of
the minority upon this question, that they can do
nothing which would so stir the blood of the great
West as to withhold the means of improving their
great channels of trade. I warn them that, if
they do, a voice will finally come up from the
depths of that treat valley, so loud and deep as to
sweep away all obstructions to a fair expression
of the sentiments of the majority.
Senators complain that the public morals are
corrupted; that improper influences have been
brougnt to bear in getting up this bill, by provi-
ding for some objects, because they could com-
mand greater strength and more votes than others
of greater importance, which are left out of the
bill. No doulBt, sir, there are some items, some
rivers or harbors in this bill, of far less importance
than certain others which are not embraced in it.
I have already adverted to the fact that the Cum-
berland river, which has been surveyed many
years ago—a most beautiftil river, and navigable
for six or seven hundred miles—is not included in
this bill. How it came to be excluded I know
not, except that the amount appropriated to the
other objects in the bill was as large as the House
of Representatives thought it prudent or proper to
ask at this time for internal commerce. But who
that has had any long experience in public affairs,
in legislation, that does not know that all meas-
ures of this kind—all measures which concern a
great variety of interests and sections—are more
or less unjust and unequal in their provisions?
Take any tariff that was ever passed, and you will
find some interests better protected than others,
and this from the influences that are prevalent in
settling its details. Why, sir, if you look at
the course of legislation even in regard to the
great establishments for the public defence, you
will find that justice ha* rarely ever been done to
all sections or localities; and that improper influ-
ences have often prevailed to the prejudice of the
public interest. Take, for example, the location
of our navy-yards—our naval depflts. There is
the Narragansett bay, famishing the finest hirbor,
the most secure, accessible, and spacious refuge
and harbor for our vessels of war on the whole
Atlantic coast. Yet Rhode Island could never
bring influence enough to bear to have a naval de-
p6t established in its waters. I remember an effort
was made to repair the injustice done, not only
to Rhode Island but to the general interests of
the country, in not locating one of our navy-yards
at Newport, since I came into Congress, but it
could not be done. The preponderating influence
of the powerful Commonwealths of New York and
Massachusetts still prevailed. Sir, if it had been
Georgia instead of Rhode Island, which contained
such a harbor, and the Government continued to
