1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw China—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
bill, at least to insist on its passage till the hour of
twelveo'clock arrives. There is the same fixed
determination on the part of those who oppose it
to do so " at all hazards and to the last extremity,"
in the language of the Virginia resolutions. No,
sir, the Senator from Texas is greatly mistaken;
he attributes too much feeling to the amiable Sen-
ator from Kentucky—and a more amiable and
mild-mannered man there is not in the Senate. I
■witnessed none of the furor in him to which the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] has alluded;
nor did I witness it on the part of the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
Mr. President, this matter of responsibility is
divided; we take each one his share, both in the
minority and the majority. I am willing to bear
my part; for my action has been dictated by my
judgment. I have not insisted on discussing this
question. I have been ready to take the vote on
it since this morning, as I have avowed. Appeals
are made on behalf of the appropriation bills, and
we are asked to lay this bill down for an hour and
a half. Why, you cannot pass the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill in an hour and a half.
Let it then be finally disposed of one way or the
other.
Mr. BELL. Then come to the vote.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have been ready to come
to the vote. Let us go on. Let us hear no more
appeals from the minority. I give the majority
credit for not having made any appeals. They
have charged upon us that our course was fac-
tious, and said that we must take the responsibil-
ity. I am willing to share the responsibility with
the minority. But the majority will have to share
it also, and I think they will meet it like men, and
I am ready to meet it in the same spirit.
Mr. RUSK. I think it is an object to the Sen-
ate of the United States that the national appro-
priation bills, upon which the Government has to
depend to carry on its operations, should be passed.
I think it is an object to us to avoid the spectacle
of getting into a contest here which shall break up
the Congress of the United States without passing
the necessary appropriation bills. I have made
an appeal to the majority and to the minority. I
do not regard it that I have been otherwise than
independent. I would be the last man in this Sen-
ate chamber to Submit to what is unjust, come
from whence it may. But I regard it as one of
our duties here to pass the necessary appropria-
tion bills, to avoid the confusion undoubtedly to
be thrown upon the country by Congress breaking
up and doing what has never been done in the his-
tory of the Government—defeating the appropria-
tion bills. It has been the policy in the discussion
upon this business for each side to throw the re-
sponsibility upon the other. I am willing to take
the responsibility of again beseeching Senators on
both sides of this Chamber not to be guided by
temporary feelings which may be excited upon
this occasion, but to look to the position which we
occupy. Shall we obtain much credit from our j [
constituents, if we adjourn without passing the j
appropriation bills ? Will that be a very enviable j
position? Will it be a very enviable position be- li
fore the civilized world? Will it be an enviable
position in us to show our bone, our nerve, our
sinew, by defeating the bills that are necessary,
and involving the country in all the turmoil, and
confusion, and expense of an extra session of
Congress? I do not regard that as very credit-
able. 1 am willing to ask gentlemen, at the risk of |
being considered liable to blame for it, to examine
the ground they occupy, and take my share of re-
sponsibility as an American Senator. If gentle-
men desire an extra session of Congress at a cost
of ten or fifteen millions of dollars, and all for no
other purpose than to show firmness, let them
go on; I shall make no more appeals to either
party.
Mr. FOOTE. I have given way; and all I have
to say is this: that if any gentleman will make the
motion to lay this bill on the table, with the un-
derstanding that it shall lie there until the annual .
appropriation bills can be acted upon, I am willing
to come to that agreement.
Mr. DAWSON. That cannot be done. ji
Mr. FOOTE. I hope it will be done.
Several Senators. That will be agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. It is suggested on this side of
the House that the bill may be passed over inform-
ally for the purpose of proceeding to the appro-
priation bills. If that can be done I will give way
at once.
Mr. WALKER. Will the Senator from Mis-
sissippi allow me one moment?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly, reserving to myself
my privilege.
Mr. WALKER. I have witnessed, in the short j
period I have been here, three such scenes as this. ,
One was upon the Oregon bill; another was upon
a proposition offered by myself to the civil and !
diplomatic appropriation bill; this is the third.
The first attempt failed; the second succeeded. It
was this night two years ago. I regretted exceed- S
ingly that some who gave way then did so, and I \
then promised myself, whatever might be the con- i
sequences to myself, my friends, or the country,
that I never would yield again. There is a moral
involved in this thing. The evil is growing on '
the country, and as certain as this revolutionary j4
■ spirit is manifested by minorities we cannot get j
i along. The Senator from Kentucky has spoken ;
| on the subject of firmness. I wish there was an- i
other Kentuckian here. For one I will say, if the j |
1 Whig side of the House are disposed to give way, i i
1 they shall give way upon the record. That is all !j
| I have to say. ,1
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose this cannot be laid
upon the table without the unanimous consent of j
the Senate, and I understand the Senator from '!
Wisconsin to object. It
Mr. WALKER. All I want is to have the '
•yeas and nays on the question, so that we may ,
see how this matter is put to rest.
The PRESIDENT. No motion to pass by the
bill informally can be entertained without the
unanimous consent of the Senate. The Senator
from Wisconsin objects, and that puts an end to
it.
Mr. DAWSON. He simply demands the rec-
ord, as I understand it.
Mr. DICKINSON. If any one chooses to
make a motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until six, or eight, or nine o'clock,
I will vote for it. Why not postpone the bill until
we get through with the appropriation bills?
Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will give way, I will make a motion to post-
pone the bill until nine or ten o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. I shall be compelled to vote against j j
that motion. It will be nothing but calling the j|
yeas and nays the whole of the time; and unless !
the motion comes from one of the friends of the ,
bill, I shall vote against it. If gentlemen are anx- ! \
ioua to show their nerve at a cost of about ten or 1,
fifteen millions of dollars to the country, I am will- :
ing to give them an opportunity.
Mr. ATCHISON. Now the Senator from !;
Texas speaks like himself. I said before that no j
advances had been made on the part of the major- < 1
ity on this subject. They have never spoken in
favor of laying down this bill for the purpose of
taking up the appropriation bills. It has been :
proposed by the chairman of the committee on Fi-
nance, and other members of the Senate in the
minority have made propositions for compromise, j
I know it is creditable to their patriotism, but there
is an end to compromise.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] is going to make a .;
proposition to pass by this bill informally.
Mr. ATCHISON. Let the Senator from Ken-
tucky make his proposition, and I will sustain
him. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I said when an appeal
was made to me by my friends to make such a
proposition, I could not resist it, but I could resist j
it when it was made from the other side. 1 have
yielded so far as to say that I would move to pass
it by informally till some particular hour. If there !
is an understanding that we shall resume its con- j
sideration at nine or ten o'clock, I will make no :
objection.
Mr. BELL. I will make the motion that we j
pass it by informally.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has stated that
that can only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is proper to state, in connec- ,
tion with the remark of the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, that no such motion is allowable.
There can be no motion made except to postpone j
to a day certain, or to lay upon the table. If the j
honorable Senator from Kentucky will make a
motion to postpone until ten o'clock, or any other
hour, it will be carried at once.
Mr. BELL. If my friend from Kentucky will
say that he agrees to it, I will move to postpone
thefurther consideration of the bill till eight o'clock.
Mr. WALKER. I ask for the yeas and nays,
and then I shall have done.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I do not mean to take up a sin-
gle moment of the time of the Senate; but I mean
to say that as one of the friends of this bill I shall
vote against the motion to postpone, because I
know that if it is postponed to a time certain,
other matters will intervene, and it will not be
taken up again. Other measures will be brought
forward and discusssed, and they will occupy
more time and lead to more angry feelings than
this question is likely to occasion.
Mr. BELL. It is understood that this bill will
be made the special order for eight o'clock. I add
that to the motion.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bright, Clarke,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson. Dickin-
son, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
Rusk, Smith, SouI6, Whitcomb, and Yulee—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Chase, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Felcb, Jones, Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Spruance, Underwood, Wales, and Walker—19.
So the motion was agreed to,and at four o'clock
the further consideration of the river and harbor
bill was postponed and made the special order for
eight o'clock.
[The bill was not again taken up.]
THE CHICKASAW CLAIMS.
REMARKS OF~ MR. GWIN,
ot california,
In the Senate, February 21, 1851,
In relation to the payment of certain claims against
the Chickasaw Indians.
Mr. GWIN aaid: I was not in my seat when
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Tcrnet] made
the remarks which have been read by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] or I would then have
corrected him, and have shown that the information
furnished him by the party he refers to was entirely
destitute of truth. 1 was not particularly interested
in the subject then under consideration, and paid
no attention to the debate, and came into the Senate
after the gentleman from Tennessee had addressed
theSenate. A day or two afterwards, I accidentally
noticed the statement just read by the Senator from
Ohio, and requested a mutual friend to call on the
Senator from Tennessee, and ask him if his remarks
referred or were intended to apply to me. He in-
formed the gentleman [Mr. Dodolai] that he did
not intend to refer to ine directly, or indirectly;
nor were his remarks intended to apply to me;
that, as he had just stated, he was not correctly
reported, and merely made a statement that had
been made to himoutof doors, without any knowl-
edge on his part of the faeta, or whether or not
they were correctly stated.
Reluctant at all timea to occupy any portion of
the time of the Senate, unless I am called to do so
from an imperious sense of duty to my constituents,
and especially in a matter personal to myself, I
determined to seek an occasion, when I could do
so with propriety, to reply briefly to the statement
of the Senator from Tennessee. That occasion
has presented itself; and I now say what I should
have said then, if I had heard the Senator's re-
marks, that the statement made to him, and by him
laid before the Senate, is utterly destitute of truth
in the aggregate as well as in detail. Having heard
of similar allegations in regard to this claim when
the subjects referred to by tlie Senator from Ohio
were under investigation before a committee of the
other House, I prepared a statement for the chair-
man of that committee, which was printed with its
proceedings, and will be found in House report
No. 489, page 296. I rest my defence of the agency
in this business upon that statement, now a portion
of the official records of the country. No candid
man can read it without coming to the conclusion
that it is a triumphant vindication against the
statement* communicated to the Senator from Ten-
