382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
[Feb. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
nessee, and by him to the Senate. And, sir, I will
not further consume the time of the Senate by giv-
ing the details of this statement, but will publish it
with these remarks as what I should have saul,
perhaps more briefly, but certainly not more effect-
ively, but for the fact th-it, by thus occupy ins; the
time of the Senate on a sub|ect personal to myself,
I may endanjer the passage, for the want of time,
of measures now pending here of the greatest im-
portance to my constituents. This statement will
prove that there w.<s no collusion between the
chiefs and myself; that I was not to receive seventy
or eignty thousand dollars for my services for
prosecuting a claim that was not contested; that
the agent and superintendent did not protest
against the payment; that these protests (which
never were made) were valid,and stopped the pay-
ment; that the nation did not, on account of my
agency in this matter, dismiss these chiefs and
elect a new set; or that the protest attributed to the
nation was other than the act of a few men there
and here, who wished to avail themselves of my
services and defraud me out of what was due for
those services.
I consider that I have sufficiently vindicated my-
self by what [ hive said on this occasion, and by
reference to that document, which, although a very
long one, I conceive it to be my duty to have pub-
lished, with these remarks, in the papers which
are the official organs of the Senate, that my char-
acter, as one of its members, may stand fully vin-
dicated in the records of its own proceedings. I will
also publish with these remarks and that statement
the elaborate argument prepared by me, and ad-
dressed to the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
which caused the opening of the account and its
allowance, to show how little truth there is in the
assertion that this claim was never contested. The
Senate can more fully appreciate the reliance that
should be placed upon such a statement when in-
formed that the accountcould not be opened, under
an opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, until an act of Congress, passed on the 3d
of Mirch, 1845, was repealed, which was repealed
in August, 1846, to open this and similar claims,
and try them on their merits, as will fully appear
from these two documen a:
CHICKASAW CASE GWIN'S LETTER.
Upon an examination of the papers filed during
my absence in California in the case of the Chick-
asaw claim for provisions purchased at Cincinnati,
and improperly charged to their fund, I find that
various assaults have been made upon me, not only
false and unfounded, but wholly unsupported by
evidence, exhibiting a spirit of reckless mendacity,
on the part of those who made them, which caused
them frequently to contradict themselves. Thus,
the main charge, that the contract and power of
attorney, upon which this money was drawn, was
not genuine, is followed in quick succession by
another accusation contradictory of the first—
namely, the submission of testimony proving the
execution of the instrument, but attempting to
show that it was signed several weeks subsequent ,
to the period of its actual execution. Other charges
are presented, not only refuted by the proof, but
positively contradicted by the actual records of the
Department. Before reviewing all the charges,
and demonstrating their falsehood, it will best elu-
cidate the transaction to refer first to the facts in the
progress of the case. On the 29th of August, 1846,
I presented an argument, marked A, to which your
attention is especially directed, addressed to the
Second Auditor of the Treasury, in which will be
found a narration of my proceedings in this case
up to that date, together with the action thereon of
the various officers and Departments of the Gov-
ernment. This document also contained demon-
strative proof of the justice of the claim of the
Chickasaws, and the propriety of paying the same.
It will be observed, in reference to that paper, that
up to that date, neither by the Secretary of War,
nor by the Secretary of the Treasury, nor by the
Attorney General, nor by any of the accounting
officers of the Government, had any objection been
made to the correction of the error in the accounts
of the Chickasaws, and the consequent payment
of this claim, except the prohibition of the correc-
tion of such error, as alleged by the 4>h section of
the act of the 31 of March, 1845. When it was
first presented by me on the 7th of April, 1845, I
was totally unconscious of the passage of that act.
It was, however, known to Mr. Walker, then
Secretary of the Treasury, who, as a Senator of
the United Stales, had supported it a few weeks
previously; and it appears by document A that
this difficulty was first suggested by him to the
accounting officers. Upon an examination of the
law, 1 did not consider it applicable to this case,
inasmuch as the account of the Chickasaws was a
continuing account, and not then closed on the
books of the l'reusury. Under these circumstances,
1 requested the Second Auditor to take the opinion of
the Attorney General of the United States as to the
true construction of that statute, so far as regards
its application to this case. This was accordingly
done, when the Attorney General decided, on the
26th of April, 1845, that this act was applicable to
this case, and interdicted the correction of the error.
It is plain, however, on reference to that opinion
and to document A, that the Attorney General did,
by irresistible inference, admit that this error did
exist, and, but for this act might be corrected. It
is manifest, by reference to document A, that on
the 26th of April, 1845, the Seeretary of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of War, the Attorney General,
and the accounting officers of the Treasury, did 1
believe that this error might be corrected, but for >
the interdiction of the aetof 3d March, 1845. I will
only further say at present, that, on reference to
document A, it will appear this identical question
had been settled in favor of the right to correct
this error, by the usages of the Government in like
cases, by repeated decisions of Auorney Generals.
Wirt, Taney, and Butler,and finally by the solemn
and unanimous adjudication of the Supreme Court
of the United States upon the very point in contro-
versy. (See 15th Pttere, 400 and 401.) In that case
the court decided that "this right in an incumbent
• of reviewing a predecessor's decision extends to
' mistakes in matters of fact, arising from errors
' in calculation, and to cases of rejected claims in
' which material testimony is afterwards dicovered
'and produced."
After the decision of the Attorney General of the
26th of April, 1845, interposing the prohibition of
the act of the 3d March, 1845,1 abandoned for the
time being the prosecution of this claim before the
Department. So unjust was the operation of this
act, that Congress at its very next session—to wit,
on the 10th of August, 1846—repealed it. By this
repealing act Congress removed the only prohi-
bition against the opening of accounts and cor-
rection of errors in cases like this, restored and
intended to restore the former practice of the
Government, as indicated in the opinions and de-
cisions before quoted. The only interdiction being
now removed, 1 applied to the Second Auditor for i
the payment of the claim as get forth in document |
A. In that document I quoted his letter of the 15th
of April, 1845, admitting the error committed in |
this case, and also the letter of the Secretary of War '
of the 18th of April, 1845, declaring that, in the
absence of the interdiction of the act before referred
to, " if the accounting officers of the Treasury are
satisfied that an error had been committed, it ought
to be corrected." The Second Auditor, instead of
proceeding as I thought he should have done, under
his letter of the 10th of April, 1845, to correct this 1
error, asked the views of the Secretary of the
Treasury, as the head of the Department, and j
trustee by law of the ChickaBaw fund; whereupon
the Secretary made the following endorsement upon
my argument (document A) of the 29th of August,
1846:
" The Second Auditor lias called for my views in tliis
case. The First Comptroller is requested to report to me
the practice ol bis office as to correcting errors in cases like
tins, and his opinion, how, if anyway, under such ugage,
the correction is to be made. R.J.WALKER,
"Secretary of the Treasury.
"August 31 t, 1846."
Upon this reference, an opinion was given by
the First Comptroller on the 2J September, 1846,
as per document B. In that opinion he reviewed
the practice of the Government, showing most >
conclusively, by an uninterrupted series of decis- i
ions, that if the facts were as stated in my letter
of the 29th of August, the error ought to be cor-
rected, and designating the mode in which that
correction should be made, viz: by charging this
item, not, as had erroneously been done, to the
Chickasaws, but to the appropriation made by
Congress for the removal " and subsistence of In-
dians." Upon the receipt of this letter, the Sec-
retary, in his to the Second Auditor, under date of
the 4th of September, 1846, communicated his
views on the subject. That officer, as appears by
that communication, marked C, declined deciding
the facts of the case, leaving them to the adjudica-
tion of the Second Auditor and Second Comp-
troller; but, as regards the law, he quotes and
affirms the decision of tlie Supreme Court of the
United States, as given in 15 Peters, page 401,
leaving the accounting officers to decide how far
the decision in that case would bear upon the cor-
rection of this error. In this decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, it appears by that
communication that the Attorney General also
fully concurred. The law thus being clearly ascer-
tained, and in fact settled by the paramount au-
thority of a solemn and unanimous adjudication of
the Supreme Court of the United States, the Second
Auditor took up the facts of the case, and decided
in favor of the claim, on the 5th of September, 1846.
This decision was transmitted to the Second
Comptroller, for his examination, who affirmed
and sanctioned the same, as follows:
" Second Comptroller's Office.
" I admit and certify the above, this seventh day of Sep-
tember, 1846. ALBION K. PARRIS,
"Second Comptroller."
Before acting on the case, the Second Comptrol-
ler referred the decision of the Second Auditor to
his chief clerk, who made an able report, (see
document C,) concurring in the decision of the
Second Auditor. It is presumed that this report
of his chief clerk was called for by the Second
Comptroller, from the fact that this error had been
committed in the absence of the testimony by that
officer himself. Let us here recapitulate the facts.
We find the Second Auditor, in his letter to the
Secretary of War of the 15th April, 1845, ac-
knowledging the error committed in this case.
Upon that latter and acknowledgement, we find
the Secretary of War, on the 18th of April, 1845,
declaring, in the absence of the prohibition of the
act of the 3d March, 1845, " that if the accounting
officers of the Treasury are satisfied that an error
has been committed, it ought to be corrected." We
find the law of the case settled by a solemn ad-
judication of the Supreme Court of the United
States, concurred in by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Attorney General. We find the uniform
and uninterrupted practice of the Government in
perfect accordance with that adjudication, set forth
in the opinion of the late First Comptroller, Mr.
McCulloh. We find then the final decision in fa-
vor of the claim by the late Second Auditor, Mr.
McCalla. This is followed by the favorable re-
port of Mr. Brodhead, chief clerk of the Second
Comptroller, and the final favorable ad judication
of Judge Parris, the Second Comptroller, him-
self.
Thus, after mature deliberation and investiga-
tion, from April, 1845, to September, 1846, we
find the final favorable adjudication of this case by
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury, to
whom, according to iaw and the letter before quo-
ted ot the Secretary of War, of the 18ih April,
1845, it exclusively belonged.
The following is a copy of the Second Auditor's
decision of the 5th of September, 1846, confirmed
by the Second Comptroller of the 7th of the same
month:
"310 Reg'r, 9 April, 1850.
" Appropriation.
" No. 3,798. Removal and subsistence of Indians, $112,-
042 99."
" Treasury Department,
" Second Auditor's Office, September 5,1846.
" F certify that there is due from the United States to the
Chickasaw nation the sum of one hundred and twelve thou-
sand and forty-two dollars and ninety-nine cents, being the
amount of their account for mnneya erroneously paid by
the United States, out of the Chickasaw fund, to sundry
persons for provisions purchased at Cincinnati in 1837.
" As it appear* there is but $58,134 14 to the credit of the
above appropriation, the Secretary of War will please issue
a requisition for the amount in favor of the * Chickasaw
nation,' to be carried by counter-requisition to the credit of
appropriation,' carrying into effect treaties with the Chick-
asaws, per act 20th April, 1836,' and that hereafter, as  oon
as funds to the amount of $53,918 85 shall come to the credit
of * removal and subsistance of Indians,' a similar transfer
will be made by counter-requisition, as appears from the
statement and voucher® herewith transmitted tor the decis-
ion of the Second Comptroller of the Treasury thereon.
« JOHN M. McC \LLA,
Second Auditor.
I "Totb« Second Comptroller op the Treasury."
