1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
" SSOOND CoXPTKOLLCR'S Owe*.
" I admit and certify the above, this seventh day ol' Sep-
tember, 1846. ALBION K. PARRIS,
« Second Comptroller."
This decision of the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller is in precise accordance with the elab-
orate opinion before referred to of the First Comp-
troller, of the 2d of September, 1846, and with the |
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States
in 15th Peters, and with the practice of the Gov-
ernment, and the decision of every Attorney Gen-
eral before whom such a question was brought;
and its justice and propriety have been irrefutably
demonstrated in my argument before referred to,
(exhibit A.) But I contend that the decision of
the Second Auditor and Second Comptroller, be-
fore quoted, is final and conclusive, and subject to
correction and revision by no one but themelves,
upon discovery by them of new testimony, or of
error on the face of the account, as pointed out in
the case before cited in 15th Peters.
This decision of the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller declared the amount due by the United
States to the Chickasaws, as set forth by them,
and also the fund out of which, as has been done,
it should be paid.
The decision of these officers was final and con-
elusive; and such was the opinion of Governor I
Marcy, from his letter of the 18th April, 1845, in
which he expressly declares he has no official au-
thority in the matter, and that the correction of i
the error belongs exclusively to the accounting j
officers of the Treasury, with the further expres-
sion of his individual opinion that, unless prohib- 1
ited by the act of the 3d of March, 1845, subse-
quently repealed, it is their duty, if it exists, to
correct such error. This opinion of Governor
Marcy, as to the exclusive power of the account-
ing officers to decide this question, is confirmed
by the act of Congress of the 3d March , 1817,
and opinions of Attorneys General Wirt and
Taney, baaed upon that act. Attorney General
Wirt, on the 20th of October, 1823, (page 473,
Opinions of Attorneys General,) commenting on
the act of 3d March, 1817, declares: "Thus, in
every instance, the decision of the Comptroller is
declared to be final, and it is manifest that the
law contemplates no further examination by any
officer after such decision." And he further adds,
(pa°;a 474:) "My opinion is, that the settlement'
made of the accounts of individuals by the ac-
counting officers appointed by law is final and !
conclusive, so far as the executive department ]
is concerned." !
Attorney General Taney, on the 5th of April,!
1832, also commenting upon these laws, and par-
ticularly that of the 3d March, 1817, says, (page j
872:) " The general laws upon that subject all
seem to regard the decision of the Comptroller as j
final, and require the executive branch of the
Government to act upon it accordingly."
" The act of 3d March, 1817, which established the pres-
ent mode of settling accounts, and under which the account
in question has been adjusted, direets the Third Auditor to
certify the balance, and transmit the account with the
vouchers to the Second Comptroller for his decision there-
on. In the fifth section of this law, the Auditor is directed
to receive from the Comptroller the accounts which have
been finally adjusted, and to pieserve them with the vouch-
ers and certificates; and in the ninth section the Comptroller
la directed to certily the balances to the Secretary of the De-
partment in which the expenditure has occurred."
Such was the opinion of the learned Attorney
General, Mr. Taney, given a few years before
he became Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
The proper accounting officers, then, had per-
formed their duty, and nothing remained but the
requisition of the Secretary of War, which was
purely a ministerial act. The account had been
"finally adjusted" by the accounting officers ap-
pointed by law, and no other officer whatever had
any power to disturb or set aside their adjustment;
nor did any one ever attempt to set it aside; nor
did any action whatever take place upon it until
after the close of the last Administration. Then,
at that date, the account remained "finally adjusted"
by the accounting officers prescribed by law, and
the Secretary of the Interior of the new Adminis-
tration had no power whatever to refuse the requi-
sition upon that adjustment and decision, when
demanded by the parties. On eoming into power,
the Secretary of the Interior found this account
"finally adjusted " by the accounting officers under
the preceding Administration. That adjustment
was binding and conclusive upon him. He had
no power to set it aside, nor the Attorney General,
nor any officer of the Government. The language
of the law was plain; so was the practice under it
uniform and uninterrupted, confirmed by repeated
decisions of Attorneys General, and never disre-
garded. There must be some officer to make a
final decision on such accounts. In this case it
was the Second Auditor and Second Comptroller,
and we will look in vain for any act of Congress
authorizing any one to set aside or reverse their
decision. The Secretary of War is notan account-
ing officer, nor has be any power to revise the de-
cisions of an accounting officer; and Secretary
Marcy has admitted this to be the law in this very
case, in his letter of the 18th April, 1845. The
Secretary of the Interior, then, in passing that ac-
count did no more than by the law he was com-
pelled to do.
If the head of a Department may revise the
decision of accounts " finally adjusted " by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, as pre-
scribed by law, in one case, he may in all others.
He may then himself become an accounting officer,
and carry out his own decisions upon accounts by
requisitions issued by himself, overruling the ad-
justment of the officers appointed by law. This
is not his duty, and he has no such power; and
dangerous indeed would be such an authority in
the head of any Department.
I will now proceed to review the attacks that
have been made upon my interest in this claim.
After having been driven from every other posi-
tion, my opponents finally rested on the chaige,
that the power of attorney upon which my interest
in the claim was paid, was signed by the commis-
sioners of the Chickasaw nation after they resigned.
1 will first examine the evidence that is produced
to sustain this charge. There is, then, what pur-
ports to be a letter from Cyrus Harris, describing
himself as one of the subscribing witnesses to this
contract. Now this letter is altogether vague and
unsatisfactory. He states his impression, after a
lapse of nearly five years, that it was signed after
I the 18th of July; but the only reason he gives for
this is, that it was after the election from the
Chickasaw district, which, he says, "always takes
place upon the second Wednesday of July of every
year." On reference to the almanac, it appears
that the second Wednesday of July, 1845, came
on the 9th day of the month; yet Mr. Harris
states, " I do not know what day of the month
the second Wednesday of July, 1845, was; but
from my recollection, I am well satisfied in my
own mind that it must have been after the 18th of
July, 1845. Some time after that I witnessed the
instrument before mentioned." This would seem
to be conclusive as to the vague recollection of Mr.
Cyrus Harris, who would bring the signing of a
paper, according to his own impression, but a little
later than the second Wednesday of July, 1845,
which we have seen was on the 9th of the month,
and nine days before the date of the resignation.
It will be observed that this letter is all in the hand-
writing of the opposing counsel, and that Cyrus
Harris was clerk of a counril of Chickasaws that
repudiated my claim in 1849, as appears by his
signature thereto; yet it is strange, being clerk of
the council which made that protest, and which
bears his signature, that he did not disclose to it
what my opponents consider the important fact that
this power of attorney, which it was the purpose
of that council to assail, was signed after the re. ig-
nation of the commissioners. Indeed, from the |
date of that contract in June, 1845, down to the j
month of January, 1850, in the midst of all the j
opposition to it here and elsewhere, it is incredi-
ble such an objection would have remained with-
out notice or comment for so long a period, if it
had been founded on truth. Again: Mr. Cyrus
Harris was in this city when that letter was writ-
ten. The counsel defending my rights were on
the spot, but not invited to cross-examine him, nor
was he sufficiently certain of any fact to put his
statement into the form of an affidavit.
The only other testimony is what purports to
be the affidavit of Charles Johnson, dated 29th
January, 1850, stating that this power of attorney
was signed some two weeks after the commission-
era resigned. Now, let us compare this with his ,
letter of the 15th of January preceding, in which .
he says, " 1 have been under the impression that
they did not resign until September, 1845; how-
ever, you know." Now, it is proved by the doc-
uments and the parties themselves that the resig-
nation took placeon the 18th of July, 1845. This
demonstrates that no reliance whatever as regards
these dates of signature or resignation enn be
placed on the loose impression of this witnes*,
even admitting that he was intending to state the
truth. Fortunately, however, the proof is here
conclusive of a fraudulent conspiracy. The first
proof that this Mr. Johnson has been guilty of a
fraud is this: the affidavit bears the following at-
testation:
"City of Philadelphia: sworn and subscribed before roe
this 39th of January, A. D., 1850. C. BRAZER,
"Alderman, and ex ojficio Justice tt/the Peace."
Attached to this attestation is the certificate un-
der seal of Anthony W. Olwine, prothonotary of
the court of common pleas, certifying to the offi-
cial character of this alderman, and date of this
affidavit, dated the 26th of January, 1850. Now,
this certificate bears date three days before the
affidavit was made, and shows the fraud upon the
face of the paper. Why this fraud was committed,
I will now proceed to show. On the 26th Janu-
ary, 1850, Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs received the
following telegraphic dispatch:
" By telegraph, dated Philadelphia, 1849. Rec'd Wash-
ington, 5 o'clock, 10 minutes, p. rn. To Corcoran & Riggs:
Mr. Johnson, of the Chickasaw nation, Arkansas, now in
Philadelphia, has some papers of im portance to you regard-
ing Gwin claim against them, which I think can he pro-
cured. WM. LITTLE, Attorney at law."
Upon the call for an explanation, Messrs. Cor-
coran & Riggs received the following paper:
" Philadelphia, January S8, 1850.
"Messrs. Corcoran & Rioos—Gentlemen: I received
yours of yesterday, and examined the papers referred to,
and believe the affidavit of Mr. Johnson, together with a let-
ter of Mr. Armstrong, in his possession, wnu d have a very
Important bearing upon the claim of Or. Gwin. Mr. John-
sou desires to maintain a strict neutrality in regard to the
matter, but believes that bis evidence would clearly substan-
tiate the position of the Chickasaws; whilst Armstrong's
letter, I am satisfied, would prove the validity of the power
of attorney in your possession. Mr. Johnson is friendly to
Dr. Gwin's claim. I havereason tosuppose that offers have
been made hy the opposing party for these papers, and that
their attorney lias been repeatedly to procure them. If you
desire my attendance in Washington, let me know per let-
ter or telegraph at once. WM LITTLE,
11 Office, 34 South 5th Ureet."
We now see clearly why the certificate to the
affidavit bears date the 26th January, 1850, whilst
the affidavit itself to which it is wafered is dated
the 29th January, 1850. This certificate of the
26th January, 1850, shows conclusively that there
had been an affidavit of that date attached to it.
Where is that affidavit? Why was it suppressed,
and why was another affidavit of the 29th substi-
tuted in its place? Reference to Little's tele-
graphic dispatch of the 26th, and his letter of the
28th January, will unravel the scheme. The tel-
egraphic dispatch shows that Johnson did have
papers important to Corcoran Sc. Riggs in the case,
and which probably could be procured. The let-
ter of the 28th shows that Johnson's affidavit had
been made; for Mr. Little says he examined the
papers, viz: this affidavit and the letter of Mr.
Armstrong. It shows, secondly, in the language
of Mr. Little, that " Armstrong's letter, I am sat-
isfied, would prove the validity of the power of
attorney in your possession." This being so, that
Armstrong's letter would establish the validity of
the power of attorney, how is it possible that any
truthful affidavit could destroy it? Here is the
proof. He says " that offers have been made by
the opposing parties for these papers, and that
their attorneys have been here repeatedly to pro-
cure them." Here follows the proposition to
Messrs. Corcoran dfc Riggs, in these words: " If
you desirs my attendance in Washington, let me
know per telegraph or letter at once." For what
purpose was Mr. Little to come to Washington ?
His letter clearly discloses the purpose. But if
there eould remain any doubt, it is made perfectly
clear by his preceding telegraphic dispatch, which
is in these words: " Mr. Johnson, of Chickasaw
nation, Arkansas, now in Philadelphia, has some
papers of importance to yoo, regarding Gwin's
claim against them, which I think can he pro-
cured." Why had Johnson shown these papers
to Little? Why had Little sent this telegraphic
despatch and letter to Corcoran A Riggs ? Why
the offer to come to Washington? Why the inform-
