384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claims—Mr. Gwin.
[Feb. 21,
Senate.
ation that the "papers could be procured ? Why
the statement that the opposite party had made
"offers" for them, and were endeavoring to ob-
tain them? Why the proposal to procure the pa-
pers ? Why the proposed friendship of Johnson'
And why the threatened adverse affidavit ? There
can be but one answer to all these questions; and
1 will not insult the understanding of the commit-
tee by supposing that such an affidavit, given
under such circumstances, could be regarded by
them as worthy of any consideration whatevei. i
There ts one point in the Johnson affidavit and
Little correspondence of great importance, to
which 1 beg leave to call attention. It is this:
Little's dispatch shows that " on the 26th Janu-
ary, 1850, Johnson then had some important pa-
pers in this case." In his letter of the 28th, he
states: " I received yours of yesterday, and be-
lieve that the affidavit of Mr. Johnson, together
with the letter of Mr. Armstrong, in his posses-
sion, would have a very important bearing upon
the claim of Dr. Gwin." Mr. Little adds: " Arm-
strong's letter, I am sure, would prove the valid-
ity of the power of attorney in your possession."
It will be observed that this letter of Armstrong
was then in Johnson's possession. Now, where
is that letter? It is not the letter of the 2d June,
1845, for two reasons: first, because that letter
was dated before the power of attorney was
signed; but for another conclusive reason, that on
the 15th day of January, 1850, Johnson had com-
municated to Bryan a copy of it, which copy, on
the 16th January, Bryan communicated to the At-
torney General. 1 assert, then, as a fact clearly
proved by Little's letters of the 28th January,
1850, Johnson then had in his possession a letter
from Armstrong, proving the validity of the
power of attorney, and yet that letter is sup- i
pressed and the adverse affidavit filed. It will be '
observed, if his affidavit is true, that this would 1
convict Johnson of an infamous fraud, and a
breach of trust reposed in him by Armstrong, as ,
shown in his letter of 2d June, 1845: namely, by j
surrendering the older power of November, 1844, j
without obtaining a new and valid one in its
place. I now proceed to show, that if Johnson's
affidavit is true as to the date of the signature
of this contract and power of attorney, the com-
missioners were all still legally in office, because
their resignation could not go into effect until
it had actually reached the Secretary of War,
and been by him accepted. According to the pro-
test of a part of the Chickasaws, of the 19th June,
1845, the general council of the nation con-
vened near Fort Washita on the 14th July, 1845,
and adjourned on the 19th of the same month.
The date of the conditional letter of resignation,
as shown by Upshaw's letter of the 21st of July,
1845, was on Friday, the 18th of July, 1845.
Johnson, in his affidavit, says: " On the day the
council met the commissioners in a body resigned."
This is contradicted by the resignation itself,
which took place on the 18th. But taking his own
statement to be true he proceeds to say: " Some
two weeks after the commissioners resigned they
came to Fort Washita, and there signed the new
powerofattorney." Thisstatement makes the date
of that power of attorney about the 28ih of July,
1845; or, according to the dale of the resignation,
about the 2J August, 1845. Where, then, was that
resignation? It was on its way to the War Depart-
ment, where, as appears by the indorsement of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, it was received on
the 19th August, 1845, who thereupon made the
following indorsement, addressed to the Secretary
of War: " I see no possible objection to the recep-
tion of the within resignation"—proceeding to re-
mark, that as to the understanding that no other
commissioners be appointed, the business of the
nation could only be transacted by commissioners,
but that they might, if necessary, be appointed by
general vote of the nation. Whereupon the Sec-
retary of War, on the 8th of September, 1845,
made the following indorsement: " I approve the
suggestion of the commission. Mo new commis-
sioners to be appointed, at present at least."
Now, the resignation was not accepted till the 8th
September, 1845, and it had not even reached the
Indian Office until the 19th of August, 1845. Ac-
cording to Johnson's affidavit, the new power was
signed not later than 2d August, 1845, more than
two weeks before the resignation reached the In-
dian office, and more than a month before the ac- j
ceptance of the same by the Secretary of War.
There is no rule of usage better settled than
that an office does not become vacant by transmit-
ting a resignation, but only by the actual accept-
ance of that resignation, and that all acts done
until that acceptance are official and valid. I pre-
sume it will not be denied that if the Secretary of
War had refused to accept this resignation, the
commissioners would still have remained in office
under their old appointment; and if so, it is
equally certain that until its acceptance they did
remain in office. This is in general the rule, but
it is still stronger in this case, for the resignation
was conditional. The condition was that the War
Department should agree that there should be no
new commissioners; until that condition was as-
sented to by the Secretary of War, it was not even
in his power to accept the resignation, and conse-
quently what is called a resignation is but a con-
ditional tender of a resignation, which will have
no effect upon the tenure of the office until the ac-
ceptance of the resignation by the Secretary of
War, accompanied by his assent to the condition. S
The case, however, is stronger still, for the treaty
absolutely requires that there should be commis-
sioners to transact the business of the nation. That
treaty was the supreme law of the land, and it was
not in the power of any officer of this Government
to abolish that office by accepting a resignation of
the commissioners, upon condition that no others
should be appointed. Such a resignation of any
officer created by law or treaty would be void upon
its face, and could not be rendered valid by any
assent whatever. Let me give a single example.
Suppose the Commissioner of the General Land
Office should tender his res'gnation to the Presi-
dent upon condition that no other Commissioner
should be appointed: it is clear that such a r'sig- 1
nation would be a mere nullity, and could not be
rendered valid by a consent or acceptance of the
President. If, then, although such is not the fact, j
the new power of attorney was signed after the
date of resignation, it would only prove that the
commissioners themselves understood that the con-
ditional resignation was not to take effect until it j
was accepted by the Secretary of War, and the
condition they had prescribed assented to by him.
But, on reference to the records of the Indian Office,
1 find that these very commissioners have been act-
ing long since their resignation was accepted by
the Secretary of War; that it was found impossi-
ble to fulfill the treaty without such action; that the :
election of commissioners, as pointed out by the
Commisoioner of Indian Affairs, was not in ac-
cordance with the treaty; and the only way to get
over the difficulty was to annul the resignation, and
restore the old board of commissioners, upon whose
acts claims have been confirmed and money paid—
thus scattering to the winds the charges of the in-
: validity of this power because it was signed after
] the commissioners had resigned and ceased to
have a legal existence.
1 Having shown that there is in truth nothing in
the testimony—namely, the ex parte letter of Har-
i ris, and the ex parte affidavit of Johnson—to in-
! duce the conviciion that this power of attorney was
signed after the resignation of the commissioners,
I will now proceed to demonstrate that there is no
ground whatever for any such charge, for the fol-
lowing reasons:
1st. The contract upon its face shows that it
was made and signed, not with mere private indi-
viduals, but with the then existing commissioners
of the Chickasaw nation. It begins in the words,
| " Memorandum of an agreement made and entered
' into between William M. Gwin, of the State of
' Mississippi, of the one part, and the chiefs, com-
' missioners, and headmen of the Chickasaws,
' acting in behalf of the nation, of the other part,
' witnesseth," &c. The paper is signed by six of
the seven commissioners, any four of whom, be-
ing a majority, had full power to act for the whole,
] as well under the treaty as the uniform usage of
the Government in executing the SAtne. These
six commissioners were, Isaac Albertson, (chief,)
Betyamin Love, Slone Love, James Gamble,
James Wolfe, and Joseph Colbert. Four of these
are educated persons—could not only read, write,
! and subscribe their own names, but had transacted
| the business of the Chickasaw nation for many
I years, to the amount of millions of dollars, and
were well acquainted with their duties, and all the
affairs of the nation. To suppose that these men
would sign a paper to bind the nation, and de-
scribing themselves at that date as commissioners,
after they had resigned, is most absurd and pre-
posterous. It would have been an atrocious fraud,
subjecting them and all concerned to disgrace and
infamy. With them were united and present, as
the paper shows, and signing as they have sub-
scribed all other papers by their mark, their two
colleagues, Isaac Alberston and Joseph Colbert.
Then came, (besides the four chiefs and headmen
who were present and subscribed the contract with
them,) attesting all these signatures—as well those
of the six commissioners as of the four chiefs and
headmen—William Barnett, supreme judge of the
Chickasaw district. Now, this gentleman was
the highest judicial functionary of the nation, ne-
cessarily well versed in its laws and usages, and
well knowing who were the commissioners. Did
this high judicial functionary of the nation unite
in perpetrating this fraud by attesting the signature
of these persons who were not commissioners?
This is alike absurd and incredible. The docu-
ment, then, as well from its intrinsic recitals as
from its attestation, showed that it must have been
signed by persons who were, as they describe them-
selves, (at the date of its execution by them,) the
commissioners of the nation. That they should
have dared to sign a paper deeribing themselves as
commissioners, and acting for the nation, when
they were mere private persons, and this, too, in
presence of the chiefs and headmen who united
with them, arid with the attesting signature of their
own supreme judge, is to imagine that they would
all unite in a daring outrage and an infamous fraud,
which could not but subject them all to inevitable
disgrace and ruin. The six commissioners and
four headmen, and the attesting supreme judge of
the nation, all unite in declaring upon the face of
the instrument that they were commissioners when
it was subscribed, and nothing but testimony the
most conclusive should be admitted to convict the
whole eleven of the fraud and falsehood with which
they are now charged.
2d. It appears by the letter of Mr. Upshaw, the
Chickasaw agent, of the 21st of July, 1845, that
the commissioners resigned on the 18th July, and
it declares that he "did, in the council, accept
of their resignation." It then was open, and no-
toriously known to the agent, known to the whole
nation, and openly accepted in its general council.
This circumstance would seem to render it impos-
sible that, after a resignation so well known and
notorious, they would dare, in the presence of their
own chiefs, and headmen, and supreme judge, to
act, and subscribe a paper as commissioners—
j these chiefs, and headmen,and the supreme judge,
knowing of the resignation, and their want of
power to act.
3d. The letter of the 3d of June, 1845, from
Major Armstrong, the superintendent, to Pitman
Colbert, the principal opponent of the commis-
I sioners and their party, written at Doaksville, in
the Indian territory, shows that he had sent a few
j days previously both the old and new power to
1 the commissioners, with a letter from him to them,
i recommending them, for obvious reasons, to can-
; eel the power and subscribe the new one. In that
' letter he says: " In answer to your request, wish-
' ing to see the power of attorney given by the
' Chickasaw commissioners to W. M. Gwin, in
' November last, and also my letter to the commis-
< sioners with a new power of attorney, which the
< commissioners may substitute, if they choose to
• do so, for the one signed in November last, 1 beg
' leave to say that both powers were sent to the
'commissioners a day or two ago with my letter."
It is clear, then, that in June, 1845, both these
powers were before the commissioners, with rec-
ommendations from Major Armstrong to cancel
the first and subscribe the new one. Now, the
: objections that had been made to the action of the
I commissioners referred exclusively to the old
power, and not to the new. The old power, as
the papers show, authorized me to draw one half
! of the interest on State stocks, for which I had ob-
tained an appropriation at the preceding session of
1 Congress, embracing a principal of several hundred
thousand dollars, as well as a general agency for
the Chickasaws. This appears upon the face of
the new power of attorney, being recited thereon,
