1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Chickasaw Claijfis—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
'visions, is to be paid for out of the proceeds of the sales of
' the ced^d lands.
Now, then, this whole charge against the Chickasaw
fund was based upon die illegal order made by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs on the 11th of March, 1837.
This order is wholly .illegal for the following reasons: l*c.
Because, by the 10th article of the treaty before quoted,
such an. order could only be made by the positive direction
and authority of the President of the United States; and the
order of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of the 11th of
March, does not pretend to be based upon any direction or
authority from the President of the United States, nor was
any such direction or authority ever given, Sri. Because,
even if this order had been authorized by-the President, it
would have been equally void, since, by the 10th article
before quoted, no such order could issue until the President
had receive# from the Chickasaw nation itself " notice" of
their intention to emigrate, and of the amount of funds re-
quired, it being conceded that no such notice was received
by the President until the 23d of Match, 1837, nearly two
weeks subsequent to the prior illegal order. 3d. Because,
even if the notice given by the. Chickasaws had reached
the President prior to the issuance of the illegal order of
the 11th of March, that order, and all the subsequent direc-
tions given for carrying it into effect, were directly repug-
nant to the mode, time, and place of emigrating proposed
by the Chickasaws, as well as the quantity of provisions,
the places at which they were furnished, and the whole
superintendence of the emigration and subsistence. By
the notice of the Chickasaws, they asked to be removed by
ttyeir own superintendent, whereas they were emigrated
from Memphi-s by contract-~the very thing against which
they had protested in their notice, in which they declare
" that the wants of their people wo.ild be unattended to
and their comforts neglected by contractors," &c. They
proposed that provisions should only be sent for such num-
■ bers as the superintendent should ascertain would be
ready to emigrate. They say, " that it shall b« the duty
' of such superintendent, under instructions from their great
' father, to take all the steps necessary to ascertain, as near
'as may be, the number of their people now ready to re-
*move, and to provide means for their transportation and
"'subsistence*" It was clearly made by the Chickasaws
a preliminary condition to furnishing supplies fur their
transportation and subsistence that the superintendent of ,
the intended emigration should, in the iirst place, ascer-
tain "-the number of people now ready to move," in order
that supplies might only be furnished for such number as
were ready to remove, and would surely emigrate at the
times when the provisions should be furnished. This in-
dispensable preliminary inquiry was never made; and the
failure to do so, which was exclusively the fault of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, was the great cause of the
loss of the provisions so unjustly charged to the Chicka-
saws. It it clear that if the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
had waited, a3 by the treaty he was bound to do, unul the
notice given by the Chickasaws had been received* and
had then acted in conformity with that notice, not one
dollar's worth of these provisions would have been lost,
either by the Government or the Chickasaws. The Com-
missioner, in defiance of the 10th article of the treaty , and
in direct repugnance to the notice given by the Chicka-
saws under that treaty, furnishes a vast amount of pro-
visions at times and places never requested by the Chicka-
saws, and in a mode wholly different from that designated (
by them; in consequence of which illegal order a large ;
amount of provisions is lost, and then most illegally and \
unjustly charged to the Chickasaws. Surely such an order,
and such- a charge founded upon it, in flagrant violation of I
a solemn treaty, was not "within the scope of official i
authority," and is therefore within the express decision of >
the Supreme Court of the United States, and ought to be [
corrected. This can only now be done by charging the :
amount so illegally charged to the Chickasaw fund, to the
general fund for removal and subsistence, which was the ,
only fuud the Commissioner could legally use for this pur-
chase, as he did to the amohnt of#200,00U in a simitar
purchase of provisions in New Orleans for other tribes of i
Indians, but which was never charged to the trust funds
of those tribes. But, independent of the .want of official
authority, there is another principle of universal applica- j
tion, upon which the power and the duty are clear to cor- ;
rect this error. In the opinion of the Supreme Court of the i
United States before quoted, as regards the power to correct 1
errors, the court say: " This right in an incumbent of re-
' viewing a predecessor's decisions, extends 'to matters of :
' fact arising from errors in calculation, and to cases of re-
jected claims in which material testimony is discovered ;
♦ and produced." ^The right of the Chickasaws in this case
to have this charge made as suggested by me, and not as it
was made, was rejected, in fact, by the accounting officers,
without ever having granted a hearing to the Chickasaws,
or ever having afforded them an opportunity to present the
facts which rendered the charge improper. But this " ma-
terial testimony is afterwards discovered and produced;"
and, under the clearly expressed opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States in this case, it is the right and
duty of the accounting officers to correct the mistake. This
testimony, it is admitted, is " material and also that it 1
was not before the accounting officers when they made
their former decision, but that it is now discovered and ;
rendered authentic by the report of Colonel Hitchcock,
and the letters of Major Armstrong and Colonel Upshaw,
aod therefore constitutes a clear case for correcting this
error. This decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States is the latest and highest authority, and is certainly
obligatory ot  the accounting officers of the Treasury as an
authorative exposition of the law. It is confirmed, however, |
by an opinion of the present Chief Justice of the United 1
States when Attorney General, of the 10th September, 1831, I
in which he says "that the decision of the accounting offi- 1
cers is only exempt from review and correction when made ;:
upon the whole evidence," and " upon a knowledge of all
the facts;" that such decision is not binding, and may be ,
corrected " m case ofdecisions founded on mistakes in mat- j
ters of fact arising from errors in calculation, or the absence j
of material testimony afterwards discovered or produced." ^
Not a single authority can be found to controvert this posi-
| tion. It is the same rule by which verdicts are set aside
; and new trials granted, and the most solemn judgments re-
viewed and reversed upon the production o! new and ma-
terial testimony. It is a rule ot justice and common sense,
and of universal adoption by alt courts, tribunals, and offi-
cers. The decision, in order to be exempt from revision
and correction, ought injustice to be based upon the facts
of the case; ami if testimony, new and material, is pro-
duced, it is the duty of courts and officers to decide upon
the case anew, and as they would have decided it had such
, testimony been before them. That these principles that
would authorize 9 new trial in a court of. law, or the open-
ing and correction of a decree 111 a court of equity, are ap
plicable to the opening and correction ot errors in accounts,
has not only beeo recognized in the case before cited, but
also in the opinion of Attorney General Wirt ot" the 'iOth
March, 1623, and of Attorney General Butler 111 Ins opinion
of the 8th of August, 1836. In the latter Mr. Biuier says:
"An account once clo«ed and settled, under the circum-
stances stated, would not, I think, be opened by the courts
< of equity ; and, as a general rule, the principles of those
'courts ought, in my opinion to be observed in the account-
' ing offices." Now, it is certainly well settled that a court
of equity never refuses, upon a bill of review, to correct an
error in the most solemn decrees, upon the discovery
and production of new and material testimony. If the
rules and principles of equity are to govern, surely there
can be no loubt in this case. In Mr. Wirt's opinion, before
referred to, of Match20,1823, he says: "The verdict and
judgment are as conclusive upon the accounting officers
'as on the court 111 winch they were rendered, but not
< more—that is to say, that if the defendant has any solid
'ground upon which to ask the court ol law for a new
'trial, the verdict and judgment should not be held con-
: 'elusive upon hitn." And he added, "that these prin-
ciples apply to the opening of accounts by the accounting
officers, if there be newiy discovered evidence." Now,
it will not be disputed that a new tnal is universally
granted at law upon the discovery of new and material
evidence. These are cases alter verdicts and decrees—after
a full hearing and elaborate argument on both sides. But
here, in this case, when these errors were committed by
the accounting officers, the Chickasaws had never been
heard by the accounting officers. Now, this case is even
stronger still; for the Chickasaws were wholly ignorant that
any such charge was contemplated to be made against
their fund until long after it was made: and yet this ex
parte entry ? without a hearing on the part of the Chicka-
saws, and in the absence of all tbe material facta of the
case, is now held up as a conclusive decision, more solemn
than the verdict of a jury or the decree of a court, made upon 1
full hearing, and it is alleged that such error cannot be cor-
rected. This menstrous doctrine is urged, too, against an
: ignorant and dependent. tribe of Indians, whose whole
! country tbe Government has bought, and of the proceeds of
the sales of which the Government is the trustee ; and it is
this trust fund which it is sought to charge with these
errors. I
A trust fund is & sacred fund, to be administered and ac-
counted for upon the purest and strictest principles of
equity and justice; and to hold that the accounting officers
cannot correct an error in an erroneous charge against this i
fund, made in the absence of all the material facts, would
be the most stupendous injustice. It would stand alone,
without a single principle of law, or equity, or precedent,
and would be marked hereafter only to be reversed and
reprobated. Nor is it believed possible that you can, upon 1
examination, entertain any doubt upon such a question.
1 Whatever mere narrow and technical pleaders might think
of such a question, I do not doubt but that your sense of |
honor, justice, and conscience will revolt at the adoption of
a principle so iniquitous and absurd.
The great principle which should govern the correction
of errors is stated as follows by Attorney General Butler,
in his opinion of the 10th of October, 1835, in regard to
the right of one public officer to correct the errors in an ac-
count made by his predecessor. He says:
" You have competent authority to look into those allow- ,
' ances; and in case you shall find them to have been ;
< founded on material errors of fact or of law, you have not
'only the power, but It will become yoar duty, to correct
1 'such errors, by reversing, either in whole or in part, as 1
' justice shall r< quire, the proceedings in question." j
1 have heretofore discussed this question as though this was 1
a final settlement of the Chickasaw account, and shown
that even in that case the error may be corrected. It can-
not be pretended, however, that this is a final settlement. 1
Sales of the lands of the Chickasaws are still going on. The ;
funds are being paid monthly into the Treasury, and the (
trust accouut is still going on. It is not closed, and cannot 1
be closed until all the funds are received and a final bal- |
ance struck on the books of the Treasury. In the opinion
ot Attorney General Mason, of the 26th April, 1845, speak-
ing ot these accounts, he says : " But it is to be observed
that the law directs that an account is to be kept,and annual
rests and adjustments are indispensable to enable the De-
partment to make its reports to Congress." Now, what is
the law in regard to such annual rests and adjustments ? It
is thus stated in the opinion of Attorney General Butler, of
the 26th March, 1834 :
"But to prevent any misapprehension as to the effects
' of this opinion in respect to cases which do not include all
< the facts enumerated in the question as above stated, it is
' proper I should remark that rests and settlements may be
' made in an account which cannof, with propriety, be called
' a final settlement: and that, until a final settlement, I hold
'it to be the duty of the accounting officers to make all such
'corrections as may be rendered necessary by the detection
' of palpable errors or false items in such rests or partial set-
«dements. This is not to be done, strictly speaking, by re-
' opening or restating the previous adjustments, but by ma-
' king such entries in the new statements, by which the
<account is continued, as shall produce the proper coirec-
'tion." .1
. Here is a case precisely in point, where there were " rests i I
and settlements." It was decided that these were not all
" final settlement," and that, until a u final settlement," all
errrors may be corrected. The mode, too, of making these
corrections, as slated by Attorney General Butler, is pre-
cisely as ieque ted 111 thisca.-e, namely: " By making such
entries in the new statements by which the account is cbn-
; tinned as shall produce the proper correction."
There is still one point remaining, which of itself must
be conclusive. Congress have, in fact, made it the duty of
the accounting officers to correct these errors. It will be ob-
served, in reference to the opinion of Attorney General Ma-
son on this subject, tlm he viewed tl « action of Congress,
and especially 01 the House of Representauves, ot the 3d
March, 1845, " requiring a detailed stau-nieiit ot the Chick-
asaw fund to be laid before the Hou^e at the next ee.-fiou of
Congress," and the contemporaneous adoption of the law de-
claring that " no accounts which have been adjusted shall
be opened without authority of law," as indicating the in-
tention of Congress, 111 this very ca^e, to forbid the opening
of this very account, and intending to adjust it them-
selves. Now, what follow* d on thii siibj  ct? Why, on the
3d December, 1845, in obedience to this very resolution re-
ferred to by Attorney General Mason, a full report is sub-
mitted to Congress embracing, by direct reference, this very
case. On that subject, and as part of the report, the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, on the 28th March, 1845, makes
a direct call upon the Government Chickasaw agent, Colo-
onel A. M. M. Upshaw, for the facts in this case; and that
Government agent, under date of (he 16th September, J843,
reports a9 fo lows:
"The large quantity of rations purchased in Ohio, in
'April and May, 1837, by Lieutenant J. D. Seanght, for the
' Chickasaws, and which was sent to Port Coffee beiore any
c of the Chickasaws had left Mississippi, proved a great loss to
' the Chickasaws. It is true that the Chickasaws petitioned
'Government to purchase rations for them In Ohio and
' Kentucky; but at the same time they wished it to be done
'' under the direction of the superintendent of the removal.
' But Major Armstrong, the acting superintend* nt, can give
4 a much more satisfactory account of these rations than my-
* self, as I was not in this country ten days during the years
' 1837 and 1838, and when I arrived in the country the ra-
' tions had been disposed of in some way."
The opinion of Major Armstrong, the superintendent,
here referred to, is given on the 9th September, 1830, in
which, in reference to these provisions erroneously charged
to the Chickasaws, he says, "the purchase was unusually
large, and proved a total Joss in the end;" and in a letter
from the sam«, of the 12th March, 1842, addressed to Colo-
nel Hitchcock, the special agent of the Government, Major
Armstrong says, in relation to these provisions, " it is noto-
rious that tbe provisions were unsound;" and he adds,
, " As to the provisions vent to Fort Coffee for tbe Chicka-
! saws, I have never been able to know upon wbose recom-
mendation it was done. The first I knew of the transac-
tion was the arrival of the provisions." And in Lieutenant
Colonel Hitchcock's report, of the 28th April, 1842, through-
out, but especially pages 16 and 17, he shows the manifest
injustice and illegality of charging these lost provisions to
the Chickasaws, which they never ordered or received.
He says: " Ou the subject of these provisions at Fort Coffee,
' it should be noticed that the Chickasaws did not request
'that provisions should be sent in advance for them; but
'they requested the appointment of a superintendent of
: ' removal, with authonty to make tuch purchases as might
1 ' be necessary, (No. 4.) The order to Lieutenant Searight,
'(No. 1,) the answer to the application of the Chickasaw
, ' chiefs, (No. 5,) and also the letter to the superintendent of
' removals, (No. 6,) all show that the expedient of ordering
' provisions into the Indian country was adopted before the
' receipt oPthe application from the chiefs."
" When, therefore, the consideration is urged, as it has
, ' been, that, as the Chickasaw fuud is chargeable with all
' the expenses of the removal of the tribe, they ought there-
fore to be allowed to have their own wishes listened to, it
' should be remembered that their suggestions were neither
'anticipated nor adopted. The superintendent of removal
1 was not empowered to furnish theirsupplies. If there was
< any loss, therefore, in this case, it is not attributable to the
' application (No. 41) of the chiefs."
And also in lus letter of 7th March, 1(342, addressed to
Major Armstrong, page 124, he exposes the miserable and
fraudulent effort that had been made to show that there
was no loss to tbe Chickasaws on these provisions. After
stating the case with great force, to which I particularly
refer your attention, he asks the following searching ques-
tion : '* If the whole ration in beef, corn, and salt, could
' have been contracted for at 12$ cents, thus showing that
< the ration of pork and flour was delivered to them at less
' less than 5 2-5, (5 39-236,) in what manner is it to be under-
< stood that 'no loss' has been sustained, when rutions sini-
' ilnr to those turned over to the contractors appear to^tave
'cost, under the contract made by Lieutenant Seanglit,
'about 15 cents?"
These letters and reports of Hitchcock, Armstrong, and
Upshaw, were none of them before the acounting officers
when this erroneous charge was made, and are newly-
discovered evidence, material and authentic; but these re-
ports, and all the facts of the case, were before Congress at
its last session. They had at the previous session forbidden
the accounting officers to open this account, and directed a
leport to be made to them. That report was made. It
was known that the accounting officers would have opened
this account but for the prohibition of the act of 1845; and,
with all these facts before them, Congress repealed that
inhibition without any further action on the subject, and
thereby most clearly remand this verv account, and revest
the accounting officers with full authonty to reopen the
same.
It is, under all tbe circumstances, as strong a case as if
Congress had directed the accounting officers to reopen this
account and do full justice to the Chickasaws.
After such facts, all further arguments must be super-
fluous.
I have the honor to be, with greit respect, your obedient
servant, WM. M. GWIN.
To General J. M. McCai.la,
Second Auditor of the Treasury.
