1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Appropriations for Light-houses—Mr. Alexander Evans.
Ho. or Reps.
Here is a direct appropriation of money, for the
purpose of rendering navigation easy and safe, from
the Federal Treasury, and assumption of jurisdic-
tion over all the pilots in the bays, inlets, rivers,
harbors, and ports of the United States, by the
first Congress, many of the members of which
were members of the Convention which framed
the Constitution. Could that venerable body,
those sainted statesmen, purified by the fire of the
Revolution, with the oath of fealty to the Con-
stitution fresh upon their lips, violate its provis-
ions by establishing a precedent, which, if uncon-
stitutional, mJbt brand them with weakness or
perfidy forever?
The idea is wholly inadmissible. Prom 1789
until the administration of President Polk, what-
ever party prevailed, the constitutionality, expe-
diency, and necessity of this species.of legislation
have been recognized. Mr. Jefferson's administra-
tion appropriated  $48,400
Mr. Madison's appropriated  250,800
Mr. Monroe's "   707,621
Mr. J. Q,. Adams's "  2,310,475
Mr. Jackson's "  .'.10,582.882
Mr: Van Buren's "   2,222,544
Mr. Tyler's "   1,076,500
In 1844 ,two bills were passed by Congress—
one appropriating money chiefly for the Atlantic
_ harbors; the other for the western lakes and riv-
ers. President Tyler approved the latter and ve-
toed the former. In July, 1846, at its first ses-
sion after the election of President Polk, Congress
by large majorities passed a bill making appro-
priations for the improvement of the harbors of
the Atlantic and the lakes, and the removal of the
obstructions of western rivers.
The people, through their representatives, feel-
ing the burdens under which they labored, the
sacrifices of life and property daily incurred for
want of the improvement of their rivers and har-
bors, appealed to their Chief Magistrate, then just
elected, in confident expectation of relief. What
answer did they receive? The laconic, but poten-
tial one—I forbid it. I forbid it; because I deem
such appropriations unconstitutional. I forbid it;
because I deem it inexpedient.
That veto alone was more instrumental, per-
haps, than any other act in withdrawing the peo-
ple of the West from their adhesion to the then
Administration. It convinced them it was time to
take the protection of their rights into their own
hands—that they should reguire the Constitution
to be interpreted and administered uniformly, con- I
sistently, rationally. [
In 1847, eighteen States, embracing nine mil-
lions of people, convened by their delegates at !
Chicago, united in the declaration of their rights
and claims upon the General Government for pro-
tection and relief from the immense hazards and
almost incalculable losses of life and property '
daily occurring on those inland seas which bor-
der the northern frontier, and on the rivers which
connect them with the Gulf of Mexico. No rep-
resentative body, ever assembled in this country
since the Convention of 1787, united in itself more
of the talent, patriotism, and intelligence of the
people. They addressed their fellow-citizens and
the Federal Government in a series of proposi-
tions distinguished for their energy and elo-
quence, as well as their conclusive vindication of
the constitutional powers of Congress to prose-
cute the system of harbor and river improvements
on the great national waters.
The representatives of the same constituencies
are now here, reechoing those sentiments, and
urging you to reenact those laws the execution of
which has only been suspended by the Executive
veto. Will the representatives of the people of
the United States be deterred from exerting the
most essential and salutary powers of Government
by morbid apprehensions or constitutional scru-
Sfes? Can they fear to tread where Washington,
lonroe, and Jackson, have led? Is it worthy of
our consideration whether the particular instances
in which those statesmen acted were precisely
similar to those now exsiting? If those statesmen,
under the exigencies of the times, sanctioned ap-
propriations corresponding in principle with those
now asked for, it is enough. We cannot require
a literal example.
Well may the people exclaim, how long will
you abuse our patience? Where is there to be an
end to disputation on this subject ? The welfare
of the Republic demands that it should be termi-
nated. It stems that old issues are being continu-
ally revived. If this Government is to be equal to
the age; if it is to accomplish the great ends of its
formation,—" to form a more perfect union, insure
demestic tranquillity, and promote thegeneral wel-
fare,"—it must be progressive; we cannot retrace
our steps every day. It is an incubus upon the
people, altogether inefficient for the purposes for
• which it was designed and adopted, if it has not
these beneficial and parental powers.
Considering this bill in its true aspect, as a bill
to improve rivers and harbors, those rivers and
harbors being of national character, it is our im-
perious duty to sustain it, unless by so doing we
should involve the Government in irremediable
embarrassment.
! I shall now advert very cursorily to that view
of the question. I frankly acknowledge I could
not have been placed in a situation in which I
should more reluctantly vote for this measure
than at the present moment,' upon considerations
of expediency and of expediency alone. I have
listened attentively to the array of facts pre-
sented to us this evening by the gentleman from
Tennessee, showing the immense indebtedness of
the Government ana its great expenses. But look-
ing over the entire surface of public affairs, it
seems to me if the people are burdened, this is one
of the most obvious means of enabling them to
bear their burdens. It is in evidence to the coun-
try, if not to this Committee, that the annual loss
upon the lakes amounts to infinitely more than the
interest on the sums required, from year to year,
to make the necessary improvements. On Lake
Michigan alone, in the course of thirteen -years,
from 1824 to 1837, the losses were estimated at
$1,000,000 and five hundred lives. The ratio is
now, perhaps, quadrupled, by the increase of navi-
gation and tonnage. Not merely these calculable
losses are sustained, but hundreds go down every
year into the unfathomable deep for want of these
i improvements. How many families are now
weeping for their lost members! How many
lives shall yet be sacrificed to our constitutional
scruples? I shall not attempt an appeal to the
sympathies of the committee on this subject. All
who have been at all observant of the multiplied
calamities on these .inland seas, must know that
most of them are attributable to the want of har-
bors in which vessels might seek shelter from the
storm. One such loss is more to be deprecated
than all the burdens imposed by this bill.
If gentlemen resist this bill on the ground that
it contains appropriations for places of mere local
interest, let them point them out and exclude them.
1 This committee have certainly discrimination and
impartiality sufficient to Separate those of mere
i local importance from those of national character.
I apprehend we might safely confide it to the
intelligence of the Committee on Commerce to
determine whether these works are of national im-
portance or not. I have only had leisure to ex-
amine the bill cursorily, from which it appears
the first two or three pages are devoted almost ex-
clusively to Erie, Ontario, and Michigan.
These inland oceans belong to no State. There
is no State which has verge and room enough
to embrace them. They are the property of all
the States. They are our frontier seas, as effec-
tually separating us from foreign nations as the
Atlantic or Pacific. They are seas already made
! memorable by the glorious victories of our navy—
ueas—on which many a battle may yet be fought
I for ultimate supremacy. Should not seas like
these be furnished with harbors by the Congress
of the United States? We are taking an exceed-
ingly circumscribed view of our duty and the fu-
ture destiny of our country, if we leave these
I lakes without proper harbors and protection un-
til the cants belli occurs.
j I am not disposed to consume unnecessarily the
time of the committee by throwihg out considera-
tions which may be trite to them. I have ex-
! pressed the general principles which will govern
my vote; and being convinced the bill is within
the constitutional powers of Government, and that
I its present necessities are not such as to warrant
I Congress in withholding from nearly one half of
•its citizens and two thirds of its territory the
i aid they require, 1 shall give it my cordial support.
appropriations for l1ght-house8.
REMARKS OF HON. A. EVANS,
of maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
Monday, March 3, 1851.
The House being in Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the substitute re-
ported from the Committee of Commerce, for the
bill (H. 297) making appropriations for Light-
houses,—
Mr. EVANS said: I intend to address the com-
mittee about ten minutes, on the general condition
of the light-house system of the United States,
which I say, from some investigation into the
subject, requires looking into. We have been
using in this country for several years, a system
that has been superseded elsewhere by more re-
fined and appropriate methods. We are still using
a system which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Grinnell] himself knows is a more imper-
fect system of lighting than any other system in
use in any other part of the world. In France,
England, Scotland, Belgium, and in Denmark,the
method of lighting now in use casts totally into the
shade the imperfect kind of reflectors employed
in the United States of America. The reflectors
made in the United States are not made on a prin-
ciple; they are not made or placed in the light-
houses by those who understand them, but they
are placed there in the nature of jobs. They are
not even superintended by persons who know
anything in connection with the subject. It is not
my purpose to detain the committee long, nor
would I do so at all were it not that I regard this
as a very important subject, and that a saving is
to be made by the system that I propose. I call
the attention of the committee to the fact, that
according to the estimates furnished by the Trea-
sury Department, that light-houses now in the
course of erection call for repairs in the mason
work even before, they are put up, to the amount
of four thousand or five thousand dollars.
The superintendent of light-houses tells us in
his report, that the muriatic acid contained in the
atmosphere destroyed the masonry. That officer
I believe to be a conscientious and, honest man,
and that he believes that the system he superin-
tends is the best, although, as I have said, it has long
been out of vogue with all the civilized world else-
where. I do not believe that there is any muri-
atic acid in the atmosphere. The mortar is badly
made, and the light-houses are put up without
any competent person to superintend their con-
struction. It is true, as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] has told us, that the collector
of customs is paid to superintend these light-houses,
but he scarcely goes near them once a year, and
there is no engineer appointed to superintend
their erection. The great fault is, that there ia
really no efficient superintendence; the mortar is
badly made, being composed chiefly of sand, and,
as a consequence; the erections are not such as are
likely to be durable. You are required to expend
some $4,000 to repair these light-houses before they
are completed, when, for one tenth of that sum,
you could thoroughly repair an ordinary country
residence.
Now let us see how the light-house system of
other nations is carried on. I am not talking with-
out data. I can show that we can save one fourth
of the cost of these light-houses. In reference to
our system, the reports are made by persons in the
employ of the contractor, who are sent round in a
small schooner to deliver the oil. In respect to the
amount of oil used in the light-houses according to
our system, I may remark, that the quantity used
is at least twice as great as that required by the
system in use in other civilized countries, at the
same time that our light is far from being so bril-
liant.
Now, sir, I will ask the Clerk to read this let-
ter; a letter from a gentleman of some experience
in the matter of light-houses, and one whose opin-
ion is worthy of some consideration. In it the
honorable gentleman' from Massachusetts [Mr.
Grinnell] makes a comparison between the
American and French system, giving the superior-
ity to the former.
