1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S99
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
found in the Journal of 1825,1 have read. I will
read from the Journal of 1829.
On the 4th of March, 1829, the Senate met and
was organized in open session. On the 5th of
March,
" On motion by Mr. White,
" Ordered, That a committee be app9inted to wait 011 the
President of the United States and notify him that the Sen-
ate is assembled, and ready to receive any communication
lie may be pleased to make.
" Mr. Smith, of Maryland, and Mr. White were appoint-
ed the committee.
" After the consideration of executive business—
"Mr. White, from the committee appointed to wait on
the President of the United States and notify him that the
Senate is assembled, and ready to receive any communica-
tion he may be pleased to make, reported," &c.
Oil the 9th March, 1829,1 find this record:
"Monday, March 9,1829.—On motion by Mr. Kane,
" Ordered, Tbata committee be appointed, in pursuance
of the 33d rule, to audit and control the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate.
" It was agreed that the Vice President appoint the com-
mittee ; and Messrs. Kane, Hendricks, and Chambers were
appointed accordingly.
"Agreeably to notice given, Mr. Benton asked and ob-
tained leave to bring i n the following resolution, which was
read and passed to a second reading:
" Retolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to purchase — copies of the third volume of Gales &
Beaton's Register of Debates, being the debates of the sec-
ond session of the 19th Congress; one copy of which shall
be distributed to each member of die present Senate, and to
each ex-member of the Senate during the 19th Congress;
six copies shall be placed in the office of the Secretary of
the Senate; and the remainder shall be kept by the Secre-
tary for the future disposition of the Senate.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business."
On March 16th, of the same year, I find the fol-
lowing:
" The resolution directing the purchase of a number of i
copies of<5aJes &. Seaton's Register of Debates was read a
second time.
" On motion by Mr. Woodbury,
" Ordered, That it lie on the table.
" After the consideration of -execntive business,
" Mr. Chambers submitted the following motion," tic.
In 1841, the precedents are to the same effect.
On the 4th of March, 1841, amongst other busi- j
ness, all of which was done in open session—
"Mr. Man gum submitted the following resolution for
consideration:
" Retolvedy That Blair 8c Eives be dismissed as Printers
of the Senate far the 27th Congress."
On the following day credentials were presented,
and a resolution was adopted for the appointment
of a committee to wait on the President of the
United StAtee, and notify him that the Senate is
assembled and ready to receive any communica-
tion he may be pleased to make to them. The
committee was appointed, and " the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution sub- ,
mitted yesterday in relation to the printers of the
Senate." And other business was done before that
of an executive character is mentioned.
On Saturday, March 6, 1841,1 find that—
" Mr. Merrick submitted the following motion for consid-
eration :
" Resolved, That the Senate will, on Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, proceed to elect a Sergeant-at-Arms and
Doorkeeper.
" After the consideration of executive business—
The Senate adjourned."
On Monday, March 8, 1841, the record shows
that the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution 't>
submitted by Mr. Merrick, and after disposing of
various motions that were made in relation to it,
the Senate adopted the resolution and elected a
Sergeant-at-Arms, and the residue of the day was
spent in discussing the resolution for the dismissal
of the printers. The whole of the next day was 1
occupied With discussions on the same resolution.
The day following the record stands thus: j
" Wednesday, March, 10, 1841.—The Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution submitted by Mr. Man-
gum, (that Blair k, Rives be dismissed as printers of the i
Senate for the 27th Congress.' j
" And after debate, and the consideration of executive j
business— 11
"The Senate adjourned."
On the 11th of March, the discussion of that
resolution was resumed, andit was adopted. Other
resolutions were agreed to, a President pro tem.
was elected, and the Journal thus concludes:
"After the consideration erf* executive business—
" Mr. Rives submitted the following motion for consider-
ation, which was read: i
" Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate of the 3d in-
stant, allowing extra compensation to the assistant door-
keeper, messenger, laborers, and pages of the Senate, b .
so extended as to embrace other officers and clerks of the
Senate.
"The-Senate proceeded to consider the resolution: and
" On motion by Mr. Bayard, the Senate adjourned."
The Journal of the next day is as follows:
" Friday, March 12,1841.—On motion by Mr. Preston,
it was agreed that the Senate, when they adjourn, will ad-
journ till Monday uext.
" The Senate resumed the consideration of the resolu-
tion submitted yesterday, allowing extra compensation to
certain officers and clerks of the Senate; and
" On motion by Mr. Huntington,
" Ordered, That it lie on the tabie.
"After the consideration of executive business,
"The Senate adjourned."
And then again, two years ago, we have numer-
ous precedents to the same effect.
The Journal of the session specially called in
I 1849, shows that, in conformity with the sum-
mons from the President of the United States, the
Senate assembled in their Chamber on the 5th of
March, and in open session. The names of the
Senators are given,and the proceedings in relation
to the organization of the body. On the second
day the Senate was still in open session, and this
was the case on many others. On the 19th of
March, 1849— i
" The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub- '
mitted by Mr. Rusk, the 16th instant, relative to continuing
tiie messengers and folders during the recess of the Sen-
ate ; and
" On motion by Mr. Bright,
" Ordered, That it be referred to the committee to audit
and control the contingent expenses of the Senate.
" The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Bright, the 16th instant, relative to the em-
ployment of B. F. Brown as a clerk; and
" On motion by Mr. Bright,
" Ordered, That it lie on the table. i
" Mr. Foote submitted the following resolution for con- '
sideration: :
u Resolved, That five thousand copies of the opinions of J
tiie Judges of the Supreme Court, in the cases of ' Norris j
t . the city of Boston,' and Smith vs. Turner,' be printed j
for the use of the Senate; the same to be printed in pam-
phlet form, in the same style and manner as the decisions of '
the Supreme Court are usually executed."
The question on that resolution was decided on
the 20th of March. The resolution was first i
amended by striking out "five" and inserting
"ten" thousand, and in that shape it was adopted.
On the same day—
" Mr. Foote submitted the following resolution for con- !
sideration:
" Resolved, That five hundred of the two thousand copies
of the geological report of David Dale Owen, which was
ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate at the first
session of the last Congress, be delivered to the Commis- t
sioner of the General Land Office for the use of his office, '
and that two thousand additional copies be furnished for the i
use of the Senate." i
Then there was an adjournment of the Senate, 1
after an announcement had been made of the death ,
of the Hon. Rudolphus Dickinson, late a member
of the House of Representatives, and a member
elect of that Hou?e from the State of Ohio. On
Wednesday, the 21st of March, the Senate at-
tended the funeral, and, after the consideration of .
executive business, adjourned. On Thursday,
March 22—
" Mr. Foote had leave to withdraw the resolution sub- !
mitted by him the 20th instant, to procure additional copies
of the geological report of Pavid Dale Owen.
"Mr. Foote submitted the following resolution for con- ,.
sideration:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of all the papers on file in
the office of the Oommissioner of Pensions relating to the ^
application of John A. Sogers for a pension.
" Mr. Hale presented the memorial of John A. Blake,
praying to be allowed curtain charges for binding; which
was referred to the committee to audit and control the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate."
On Friday, March 23d, 1849, the Journal shows
that— i
" Mr. Badger submitted the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent and agreed to:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay to
Thomas Peters $263 for extra services performed in the re-
tiring and folding room.
"The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub- I
mitted by Mr. Foote the 22d instant, directing that the pa-
pers relating to the application of John A. Rogers for a
pension be transmitted to the Senate, and agreed thereto.-1
There are numerous other precedents of like
import, which I will not detain the Senate by
reading.
The PRESIDENT. The experience of the
Chair is, that the Senate proceeds to read the Jour-
nal with closed doors; for the Journal of the ex-
ecutive session can only be read when the doors
are closed, and then the Senate proceeds to busi-
ness.
Mr. BADGER. The precedents in the Journal
show that the Senate has proceeded to business
without closing the doors, and the published de-
bates of this body show the same thing.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to know where
our. authority to meet here this morning comes
from. I understand that, under the Constitution
of the United States, the Thirty-first Congress is
dead. We have, however, met under the author-
ity of the Constitution, which gives to the Presi-
dent of the United States power on extraordinary
occasions to convene both Houses, or either of
them. By virtue of this power he has called us
together, and in his summons he says expressly
that it is for " executive business." "Whereas
' divers and weighty causes, connected with exec-
' utive business necessary to be transacted, create
' an extraordinary occasion, requiring that the Sen-
' ate be convened." Such is his language; and it
is a remarkable fact that it differs from the terms
of the call by virtue of which the sessions were
held from whose Journals precedents have been
read. When the extra session of 1825 was called,
this language was used:
" Certain matters touching the public good requiring that
the Senate of the United States should be convened on Fri-
day, the 4th day of March next, you are desired to attend
at the Senate Chamber, in the city of Washington, on that
j day, then and there to receive and deliberate on such com-
. munications as shall be made to you."
1 In the years 1829 and 1841 precisely the same
terms were used; but we are now called together
because " divers and. weighty causes connected
with executive business," and not " certain mat-
ters touching the public good," create the neces-
sity for our assembling. My conduct here I shall
govern by the Constitution and the law; and, as I
i am of opinion that we have no right to act upon
: anything, or to entertain any proposition until we
go into executive session, I shall not feel at liberty
! to vote upon emy resolution that may be offered
j that is not strictly business of an executive char-
acter.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the- table, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution has not
i yet been received, the Journal has not been read,
and therefore the Senator's motion is not in or-
der.
Mr. BUTLER. I move, then, that the Senate
prooeed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness,
j Mr. CLAY. Will the^Chair permit me to make
! a suggestion ? The Chair seems to think that, af-
ter prayer, which, by-the-by, was delivered in
open Senate, the next thing to be done is to go
l into executive session. In this I cannot agree.
We are a Senate, invested with all the powers
that are given us for the transaction of business,
except that which requires the cooperation of the
other House.
The PRESIDENT. The experience of the
Chair compels him to differ from the Senator from
Kentucky, and he does not feel himself justified
in receiving any business of a legislative character
until the doors have been closed and the Journal
read. The Chair admits that there has been busi-
ness done at such sessions in open Senate which
relates to the organization of the body, but the
Chair has not known it to go beyond that; and,
entertaining such an opinion, in a case like this,
when the Senate is called together for executive
business, he cannot, in this stage of the business,
receive the resolution which has been submitted.
If, however, an appeal be taken from'' that decis-
ion, the point may be decided by the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. The practice of the Senate
has been against the decision of the Chair. After
the inauguration of General Harrison, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of business in open
session, amongst which was the removal of Blair
& Rives, the printers to the Senate, as is shown
by the extracts which have been read from the
Journal of 1841. At that session the Senate was
called by the usual proclamation. They returned
from the east portico after the inaugural address
of General Harrison had been delivered, and
amongst the other business done was my motion
to remove the printers, which occupied two or three
days in the discussion, and excited a good deal of
feeling, but no exception was taken to its being
don* in open session.
