400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
Mr. HALE. The debates show the facts ad-
verted to. I have before me a report of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate two years a^o. The in-
auguration took plane upon the 5th of March, the /
4th being Sunday. On Tuesday, March G, the
Journal shows that—
"The oath prescribed by law was administered to the
Hon. George E. Badger, wlio^e credentials' were read and
filed theOd January. "
" Mr. C orwm presented the credentials of the Hon. Sal-
mon P. Cha<e. Wecf.ii a Senator by the General Assembly
of the State ot Ohio for -n* \ ears front and after the4th day
of March, 1849; whieh were read, and the oath prescribed
by law was administered to Mr. Chase, and he took his
seat in the Senate.
".Mr. Miller submitted the following resolution, which
was considered by unanimous consent and agreed to :
" Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two mem-
bers. be appointed to wait on the President of the United
States and inform him that the Senate is assembled, and
ready to receive any communications he may be pleased to
make.
'• The committee was appointed, other business was
transacted, and then—
" On motion by Mr. Douglas, the oath prescribed by law
was administered to Mr. Shields, whose credentials were
read and tiled the 2d instant, and he took his seat in the
Senate.
<■ The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. Walker in relation to the creden-
tials of'the Hon. James Shields; and, having been amended,
it was agreed to, as follows:
" Resolved, That the certificate of the election of the
Hon. James Shields to a seat in this body be referred to a
select committee, consisting of five members, with instruc-
tions to inquire into the eligibility of the said James Shields
to a seat in the Senate of the United States as a member
thereof.''
Before the adoption of this resolution, there was
a debate, which I find reported in the National In-
telligencer, extending to three columns. I believe
we spent much time at that session with open
doors. ,
Mr. SOULE. The debate which arose was on |'i
the question raised whether General Shields had a
right to retain his seat.
Mr. MASON. I understand the question is,
whether this is not an executive session, and |
whether it is not the duty of the presiding officer
to order the doors to be closed without a motion? 11
The PRESIDENT. It is. j
Mr. MASON. It is perfectly clear that what- |
ever power the Senate possesses, in executive ses-
sion, or in any other session, is derived from the
Constitution, and from no other quarter. We
must look only to the Constitution for whatever
powers we can exercise. But there is unquestion-
ably a rule of the Senate which requires that the
first thing upon the meeting of the Senate, whether
in executive or open session, shall be the reading j
of the Journal of the preceding day. The first i
rule of the Senate is:
"The President having taken the chair, and a quorum
being present, the Journal of the preceding day shall be
read, to the end that any mistake may be corrected that shall
be made in the entries."
Now, I think it is perfectly certain, under the
rules of the Senate, that the Journal of an execu-
tive session cannot be read until the doors are
closed.
Mr. DOWNS. That occurs at every executive
session. The Journal of the preceding executive
session is read.
Mr. MASON. I understand there is no Jour-
nal to be read to-day.
Mr. DOWNS. None but a public Journal.
There is a Journal to be read, for we met in pub-
lic session yesterday.
Mr. MASON. If there is a Journal to be read
which is not an executive Journal, I suppose a
motion to close the doors would not be in order
until it was read.
Mr. BRIGHT* The point which I make is
this : We can hold no other than an executive ses-
sion; we must first go into executive session; it
requires no motion to do so; and it is the duty of
the Chair, under the rules, to declare the body in
executive session. Whether we can, in executive
session, consider a proposition not executive in its
character, will depend on the sense of the Senate
after we are in executive session and a proposition
of that kind is offered. It could be moved to open
the doors to proceed to the consideration of legis-
lative business, and thus decide that question. I
ask now for the reading of the Journal. That
brings up the point whether or not it requires a
motion to close the doors. I ask that the Journal
of yesterday maybe read; o that the Senate may ,
determine whether or not we are in executive ses-
sion.
Mr. CHASE. The Constitution is sufficient to
settle this question if we couple it with the previ-
ous practice of the Senate. The Constitution pro-
vides that Congress shall meet on the first Monday
of December in each year, unless it be otherwise
ordered by law. Italso provides that on extraor-
dinary occasions the President may convene both
Houses, or either of them. Under that provision,
the President, upon what he deems an extraordi-
nary occasion, has convened the Senate. With
what powers has the Senate assembled ? I appre-
hend it is not the occasion which determines the
extent of the power, and the character of the body;
the constitutional provisions determine its char-
acter. It is the Senate that is assembled—the
complete Senate, clothed with all its constitutional
powers. It is not the occasion upon which it is
assembled which determines the powers of the
Senate. If the President, instead of convening the
Senate had, upon an extraordinary occasion—say
the failure of the appropriation bills—convened
both Houses of Congress, would not the two
Houses have been a complete Congress, adequate
to the transaction of all business which any Con-
gress may transact ? I suppose there can be no
doubt on that point, and if there is no doubt upon
that, then this Senate, the Senate now assembled,
is a complete Senate.
We met yesterday upon this extraordinary oc-
casion for the first time, and every Senator will
remember that all the business which was then
transacted was transacted in open session; the gal-
leries were not cleared; the body was here, clothed
with its full powers; all the business transacted
was transacted in open session, and if there be
any Jeurnal to read, it must be the Journal of an
open session. If we add to this the fact that
nearly the whole of the called session of 1849—
when I first had the honor to participate in the
proceedings of this body—was an open session,
it seems to me to settle the point. !
Mr. RUSK. The principal reason I have heard
assigned why the doors of the Senate should be I
closed is, that under the rules the Journal of the
preceding day should be read. Now, there is no
Journal which can be read under the rules. Is
this continuous of the Senate which sat yesterday?
Not at all.
Several Senators. Yes it is; we were reorgan-
ized yesterday.
Mr. RUSK. The Journal must not necessarily
be read on the first day of a meeting of the Senate
called by the President for the transaction of exec-
utive business. We sat yesterday with open
doors. We did not go into executive session
yesterday at all.
Mr. MILLER. Perhaps the Senator means
the last executive Journal ought to be read.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would state
that in the organization of the body, it is not con-
sidered necessary to close the doors. But the
Chair stated yesterday that if it was insisted on,
he would be under the necessity of having the
galleries cleared. The meeting yesterday was for
the organization of the body. Hence the Journal
to be read this morning is a quasi legislative Jour-
nal.
Mr. RUSK. Then there is no reason why the
Journal of yesterday should r.ot be read. Some
Senator suggested that the Journal of the last ex-
ecutive session should be read, and that therefore
we should be in executive session. I say that at
the fiist meeting of the Senate, under the call of
the President, there is no Journal under the rules
which can be read. This is a new Senate, not
continuous of the former Senate. The question
then is, whether we are to meet first with closed
doors or open doors. We set a precedent our-
selves yesterday. We met, transacted business,
appointed committees with open doors. We did
not close the doors at all. Then we can certainly
meet in open session.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a very clear opinion
on this subject, and I think my opinion is entirely
in conformity with precedent. Now, suppose the
President of the United States had made a com-
munication calling the Senate together, and impo-
sing upon them the condition that they should do
no business except that which should be trans-
acted with closed doors, I should have denied his
right to impose any such terms. Yet I under-
stand the opinion intimated by the Chair is, that
we must necessarily go into executive session
the moment we meet. There is, to be sure, a
distinction so far as regards the organization—
' so far as regards making the machinery by
which we are to transact the business of the ses-
sion. The very organization which took place
yesterday was not in executive session. And this
day a question of privilege might arise as to wheth-
er one of the members sworn in was entitled to his
seat. That gentleman would have the right, and
his constituents would have the right, to have his
claim discussed in open Senate.
The PRESIDENT. That is incident to the
organization.
Mr. BUTLER. That principle relates to the
organization; and not only to the organization, but
to the appointment of officers—to the resolution
proposed to be introduced. I do not know what
the resolution is. It may be to appropriate money
to compensate our present officers, or it may be to
appoint new ones. I do not know what is its na-
ture. I may be opposed to it; but that is not the
question. The question is, whether there is any
business which may now be done under the Con-
stitution apart from the business which must be
done in secret session; and whether this resolu-
tion comes within that rule. I hold that the Senate
must necessarily have self-preservatory powers—
powers under the Constitution. It seems to me
we must go through this preliminary process of
organization, and do what may be necessary for
that purpose. It is incident to every body of the
kind that it must have these powers.
It might be necessary to expel a member. Sup-
pose a motion were to be made to expel a member
1 for any cause—I will not specify any—that mem-
ber would have a right, and his constituents would
have a right, to have his claims considered in open
session. There are, therefore, some things which
must be considered in open session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I concur with the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that the President, in
j convening us, cannot restrict our action, but that
we can act under the constitutional charter when
we come together. That is tlie foundation of our
power, and not the proclamation. The President,
therefore, has no power to say, " when you come
together you shall not act up to the functions with
which the Constitution invests you, but shall be
subject to my ipse dixit." That is the position of
the Senator from Indiana, as I understand it.
Why, surely we are not the creatures of the Presi-
dent in that sense—that he can convene us, and
point out to us whatever he chooses we shall act
upon, and exclude everything else. If he can do
that, we cannot try a member, as suggested by the
Senator from South Carolina; we cannot expel a
member; we cannot raise a question upon the ad-
mission of a member, if we can do nothing but
attend to what the President may in his proclama-
mation, or in his letter convening us, declare to be
the business which he intends to submit to us. I
repudiate that idea totally and entirely. I defer to
the decision of the Chair with very great respect.
I sustain the Chair whenever I can; but, in this
instance, I really think the Chair is wrong. Let
me give a case, which I think will demonstrate it
to be so. Your executive session, so called, is not
a matter of Constitution, in reference to its secre-
cy, but it is a matter of rule andi regulation—en-
tirely so. Suppose I were to get up this morning
and say, as members have heretofore avowed them-
selves on this iloor, I am opposed hereafter to hav-
ing any mflre secret sessions; and, as. this is a
mere matter of rule, of Senatorial regulation, I
want to bring to the attention of the Senate the re-
pealing of its laws by which it sat with closed
doors, could it be said that I have no power to sub-
mit a proposition of that sort? Who could re-
strict me? Who could say that it was a matter
which should be considered in secret session ? It
is a mere matter of regulation and of rule, and I
have the right to discuss those rules, it seems to
me, under the Constitution, as a matter of public
business. Now, the formation of these rules be-
longs to every body at its organization, at the very
commencement. It is the very first thing which
a legislative body has to do, to make the rules
which shall regulate its conduct; and these secret
sessions are nothing but a matter of rule. Have
