1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
Proceedings of the called Session.
I not a right to get up unci propose publicly to
change that rule? It seems to me that I have. And
how 1 could be restricted to offering a proposition
of that sort in secret session, I cannot understand.
1 believe that whatever belongs to the Senate as a
Senate, distinct from its union with the other
braneh of the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, we can transact just as well without the
other branch being in session as we could if they
were in session. As was very properly suggested
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
whatever we can do by ourselves when the other
House is in session, we can do by ourselves when
the other House is not in session. Nothing can
be plainer than that.
According to my view of the Constitution this
Senate has no sessions, no Congresses. This matter
of dividing our legislative proceedings into Con-
gresses is not a matter growing out of the Consti-
tution, except in so far as it divides the House of
Representatives into Congresses every two years.
The Senate, by the Constitution, is a perpetual
body. Look at the instrument itself. What does
it say ? That Senators should be elected for six
vears; and that when they first met, they should
be divided ii to three classes; the term of one class
expiring at the end of two years; the term of
another class at the end of four years; and of an-
other class at the end of six years. This division
was made at the beginning for the express purpose
of perpetuating the body and bringing in one third
of its members every two years. We are, there-
fore, a perpetual body; one third of the Senate is
brought in every two years, and thus we go on
perpetually. All the functions given us by the
Constitution, which we can exercise independently
of the House of Representatives, and withoat their
cooperation, can be performed by this body, which
is created for perpetuity, as well at one time as at
anothertime. You may have a law, if you choose,
requiring the Senate to meet for the peculiar pur-
pose for which it is now convened on the 5th of
March, every fourth year, and they may act inde-
pendently of the House of Representatives. These
are my views. I think whatever business can be
performed by the Senate alone, under its constitu-
tional powers, can be as well done now as at
any other time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. In aid of my
memory I have been turning over the pages of the
National Intelligencer. We were in session a
number of days in 1849: I think as late as the
80th of March. It will be found, on looking at
the files of the Intelligencer containing the debates
of that session, which are recorded there, that day !
after day we sat without going into executive ses- |
sionatall; that we considered, among otherthings,
the right of my friend from Illinois [Mr. Shields] i
to his seat—which question was very largely de-
bated, and considered day after day without going
into executive session. We considered also a
proposition to publish the decisions of the Supreme
Court, which was debated at large. The debates
are here. We also agreed to publish, as I very
well remember, and I am sorry that we have it not !
here, a volume containing various public docu- j
ments. Therefore it seems to me that our practice
has been to go into open session and remain in
open session until the motion was madeand carried
to go into executive session. In many instances
we have sat many days, during such sessions as
this, without going into executive session. We ;
have had all kinds of business which was consist-
ent with the organization of the Senate alone
under the Constitution. I believe that has been
the practice, and if it was right then, I believe
it to be right at the present time.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to present some prece- 1
dents which, I think, will be entirely decisive of
the point. I hold in- my hand a legislative Journal
of a called session in 1825, from which I will read;
and it will be seen that its business was done in
open Senate: i
" Tbe oath prescribed by law was administered to Mr. !
Gatllard, Mr. Lloyd of Maryland, Mr. Marks, and Mr. i;
Mason; their credentials having been read and filed during ! j
the last session. t;
"The Hon. Dudley Chase, appointed a Senator by the I,
Legislature of the State of Vermont; the Hon. John Mac- [ <
pherson Berrien, appointed a Senator by the Legislature of
tbe State of Georgia; the Hon. John Rowan, appointed a
Senator by the Legislature of tbe State of Kentucky; the
Hon. William Henry Harrison, appointed a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Ohio; the Hon. William Hend-
New Series—No. 26.
ricks, appointed a Senator by the Legislature of the State
of Indiana, and the Hon. Elias P. Kane, appointed a Sena-
tor by the Legislature of the State of Illinois, respectively
tor the term ot' six years, commencing this day, produced
their credentials, which were read; and the oath prescribed
by law was administered to them, and tliey took tlieir seats
in the Senate.
" The President laid before the Senate a letter from the
Hon. David Barton, communicating a letter addressed to
him from the Clerk of the House of Representatives of the
State of Missouri, informing him of his reelection as a Sen-
ator of the United States for the term of six years, com-
mencing this day.
"The letter was read; and, on motion, the oath pre-
scribed by law was administered to Mr. Barton, and he
took his seat in the Senate."
The Journal goes on thus, and then it contains
an address delivered by the Vice President, (Mr.
Calhoun,) and the inaugural address of the Presi-
dent of the United States. The Journal of the
next day also shows that its business was trans-
acted in open session. Its first business was to
appoint a committee to wait upon the President of
the United States to notify him that the Senate was
assembled and ready to receive any communica-
tion he might be pleased to make.
The Journal then shows that—
" The President laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of tbe Navy, transmitting, in pursuance
of a resolution of the Senate of the 13th December, 1815,
sixty copies of the Naval Register for the use of the mem-
bers ; which was read."
Other business was done on that day and on the
7th of March. On the 8th the Journal commences
thus:
" The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution for the
purchase of fifty copies of the Journals of the old Congress,
which was amended to read as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to purchase sixty copies of the Journals of the Congress of
the Confederation, published by Way & Gideon, one copy
to be delivered to the Vice President and to each member
of the Senate, and one copy to each Senator whose term of
service expired on the 3d of March instant, and who is not
reflected, and the residue to be deposited in tbe office of the
Secretary, for the use of the Senate, and that the same be
; paid for out of the contingent fund of the Senate, provided
the expense for each copy, bound and lettered, shall not
| exceed |J9."
On the succeeding day, in the first place the
, Senate proceeded to the choice of a President pro
tem. and the appointment of a committee to wait
upon the President to make to him a notification.
In short, the precedents are numerous.
I think the whole difficulty arises upon the read-
ing of the Journal, but the reading of the execu- ,
tive Journal can only take place after the Senate
shall determine to go into executive session. Un-
til they go into executive session there is no exec-
utive Journal to be read; if any Journal is to be
read, it is a legislative Journal.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to be right in this
matter, and I wish, therefore, to present such j
views as occur to me, very briefly, as arising out
of the Constitution. It seems to me that the
Chair, if in error at all, of which I have much
doubt, is in error only in distinguishing an exec-
utive session by that feature -which under the rule
requires it to be with closed doors. Now, I am '
of the opinion that we may have an executive
i session without closed doors. The Constitution
says nothing upon the subject except in so far as
relates to the publication of the Journal. The
Constitution says:
" Each House shall keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and from time to time publish the same, excepting such
parts as may in their judgment require secrecy." ;
If, in the judgment of the Senate, there is no
part of their Journal which requires secrecy, we
would have no such thing as a closed-door session.
But here is where a difficulty occurs to my mind.
If we be not now in a separate session, deriving
our powers from the proclamation of the President, ,
(if it might be so termed,) then we are in a session : i
which is a continuation of the last session. If we
are merely continuing the last session, what neces-
sity was there for our anxiety the other evening
in regard to business upon which we were then
acting, and upon which the House had actedIf
we can continue executive business from one ses-
sion to another, why may we not continue the
river and harbor bill, and go on and discuss that
now ? For I contend that it is nothing more than
an appropriation of money, and the legislative
business now proposed is, I understand, a species
of appropriation of money.
I think that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] is wrong when he says there is no
such thing as a division of the Senate into sessions.
We have rules which speak of the sessions of
Congress, and the business which was pending
at the last session of Congress fell with the expi-
ration of that session. That is the only reason
why we cannot go right along, and act upon the
bills which were pending when the last session
ceased. The clause of the ConsUtution which con-
fers upon the President the power to call us to-
gether is in these words:
" He may, on extraordinary occasions, convene both
Houses, or either of them; and in case of disagreement
between them with respect to the time of adjournment,he
may adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper."
Now, he has seen proper to convene this branch
of Cohgress. He has not seen proper to continue
its last session, but to convene it. His proclama-
tion declares it to be a special meeting of the Sen-
ate. I am inclined, in that view of it, to think
there is no Journal to be read. The Journal of
last session cannot be read. When we meet in
legislative session on the first Monday of Decem-
ber next, it is not probable that we will ask to have
the legislative Journal of yesterday read. Then,
in this executive session of the Senate, or this
special meeting of the Senate, as the President
terms it, can we have read the Journal of the pre-
vious executive session of the last Congress ? It
would be equally outof place, I think. Yesterday
we organized and entered upon a new session of
the Senate; and it is an executive session, whether
we sit with closed or with open doors. We have
been convened for executive purposes. I think that
business is before us, contrary to the opinion
which I entertained yesterday, when the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] made a remark. I
believe now we can transact no other business than
executive business.
But on the point in relation to which the Chair
has some -difficulty, I am inclined to think he is
in error; that is, the closing of doors before we
I go on. Why, we might have a good deal of busi-
ness here in executive session, which it would be
, very improper to transact with closed doors. When
those Senators who have been selected, and new
Senators who have been elected, come forward to
take their seats, most certainly the Senate has a
right to judge of their qualifications, and that should
be with open doors. We were under the neces-
sity two years ago of investigating a matter of that
kind and debating it; and I think it improper that
j the proceedings in that case should have been on
I the legislative Journal. They should have been a
j portion of the exposed executive Journal; per-
| haps that is all they now are. But I am inclined
] to think that that is a part of the executive busi-
j ness for which we are convened, because we can-
t not proceed to business unless we are organized,
i Mr. BORLAND. I think that the Senator from
| Wisconsin has failed to take the true view of ex-
I ecutive business. I do not understand executive
j business to mean business laid before us by the
; President of the United States, in any message
] which he may send or shall have sent; but I un-
j derstand executive business to be business relating
exclusively to our own action, and which does not
require the cooperation of the other branch of
: Congress, as contradistinguished from legislative
: business which requires the action of the two
Houses. Any business, therefore, which we are
at any time competent to perform, we are compe-
tent to perform now, either with closed doors or
with open doors, as we may think proper. We
may now perform any business which we are
competent to perform within ourselves, and action
upon which does not require the cooperation of
any other branch of the Government. Executive
business is the performance of business complete,
within ourselves. But, apart from that view, I
think, without going further than yesterday, in so
far as the action of this body is concerned, the
matter was settled yesterday; for we sat in open,
session without a proposition to close the doors,
and transacted business which had no regard at'
all to the message of the President, or anv com-
munication which he made or might make. I
think we settled the precedent for ourselves yes-
terday, to say nothing of the almost innumerable
precedents which have been cited. I need not go
so far back os.the-exeputjve session of 1849, which
is the longest session we ever held, the half of
which time was devoted to business which was
