406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
members elected to the two branches (the aggregate being
fifty-nine) was necessary to a choice ; and that number, to
wit: thirty, not having declared for an eligible person, no
choice was thought to have been effected.
If I was legally elected, .as I believe to be the ease, it is
my duty to assert a right to the office: and as a failure to do
so now", when the Senate is convened and I am present in
the city, might be interpreted into an abandonment of claim,
or at least ol negligence in its assertion, I have thought it
incumbeut upon me to bring the subject to the notice of the
body. But as my friend Mr. Mai. lory, who will doubtless
regard it as his duty to present himself with his credentials,
is not now here, it is not my purpose or wish to press the
question, nor to ask a decision until he can be present.
With respectful consideration, your fellow-citizen,
d. l. yulee.
The following is the extract from the journal
of the General Assembly of Florida for the 13th i
day of January, 1851, accompanying the foregoing 1
communication:
" On motion by Mr. Milton, a committee of three, consist-
ing of Messrs. Milton, Baker, and Wardlaw, was appointed
to wait upon the Senate and inform that body of the readi-
ness of tile House to proceed to the election of United States
Senator and other officers, according to resolution pre-
viously adopted by the two Hour.es.
" A committee from the Senate announced that the Sen-
ate would be ready in a few minutes to proceed to said elec-
tion.
" The Senate entered the Hall, and the President, upon
invitation of the Speaker, took the chair.
" The President having announced the object of the joint
meeting, and that the election for Senator was now in
order—
" Mr. Milton nominated David L. Yulee for that office.
" The firat vote resulted as follows :
" For Yulee, Senate: Mr. President, Messrs. Brown of
Columbia, Brown ot Hillsborough, Forward, Johnson, Max-
well, Mosely, Perry, and Taylor—9.
"House: Mr. Speaker, Messrs. Anderson, Bennett,
Bradley, Burnham, Dilworth, Fmlayson, Hawcs, James S.
Jones, John W. Jones, Kenan, Kilcrease, Lott, Magbee,
Milton, Smith, Standley, Steele, Taylor, and Wardlaw—20. 1
"Total 29.
" Blank— Senate: Messrs. Austin, Avery, Baldwin, |
Baddington, Crawford, Finley, McMillan, Smith, and Stew- i
art—9. 1
" House : Messrs. Allen, Baker, Battle, Butt, Brownell,
Brown, Bryant, Ferguson, Geiirer, Hopkins, Langford,
Long, Mathers, Mavwell, McCall, Plummer, Scott, Shine, I
Turner, and Wilkinson—20. f
" Total 29.
" The President announced that there was no election." i
The above communication was ordered to lie on 11
the table and be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was or-
dered that James P. Green have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was ordered that
William Nicholls and D. Taylor have leave to
withdraw their petitions and papers.
On motion by Mr. HALE, it was ordered that i
Evelina Porter have leave to withdraw her peti-
tion and papers.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was ordered that
Talbot H. Greene have leave to withdraw his pe-
tition and papers. 1
COMMERCE OF THE BRITISH COLONIES.
JMr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolred, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate, as early as possible at the
next session, full and complete statements of the trade and
commerce of the British North American colonies with the
United States, and other parts of the world, on land and by
sea, for the years 1850 and 1851, with such information as
he can procure of the trade of the great lakes.
I hope there will be no objection to considering
the resolution at this time. It is one which was
prepared by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, but which he had not an opportunity
to offer before he left. I offer it at his suggestion.
It is carrying out what has been commenced.
Congress have already these reports up to 1850,
and this resolution is to get them for 1850 and
1851.
The resolution was considered by unanimous !
consent, and agreed to. '
FREE NAVIGATION OF THE ST. LAWRENCE. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the j
following resolution; which was considered and ;
agreed ta:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to inform Congress at the
earliest date, whether any arrangements are in progress, or
likely to be made with Great Britain aji(l Ule British Prov-
inces of North America, for securing to the citizens of the
United States the free navigation of tlie St. Lawrence, St.
John, and other large rivers, aad the right to enjoy freely,
in coiuuios wuh British subjects, the sea and coast fish-
eoesof tbeBatiak North American coloaiea.
MILEAGE OF THE SENATORS FROM CALI-
FORNIA.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair wishes to call
the attention of the Senate to a matter in relation |
to which he considers that some measures should j
be taken, in order to enable the presiding officer
to act. He feels some delicacy m regard to the
matter, and therefore wishes to bring it to the Pt-
tention of the Senate. The attention of the Chair
has been called to the mileage question by the
honorable Senator from California, in a letter ad-
dressed to the Secretary, in which the Senator
from California claims mileage for the distance
traveled, according to the act of Congress of 22d
January, 1818. The act of September 20, 1850,
contains this provision in relation to the mileage
of the Senators and Representatives from Califor-
nia:
" That the mileage of the Senators and Representatives
from Calitorma, and the Delegate from Oregon, be com-
puted according to the most usually traveled route witlun
the limits of the United States, and the per diem of said
Senators and Representatives tor the session shall com-
mence from the day the constitution of California was first
communicated to the two Houses of Congress respective-
ly."
The subject was brought to the notice of the
presiding officer by the Senator from California
himself, who placed in his hands a legal argument
by a gentleman of the bar of considerable acquire-
ments, and occupying high standing as a lawyer,
in which he gives his opinion that the action of ,
Congress at the last session applied simply to that
session, and therefore the right of the Senator to
claim mileage under the act of 1818 for the route
which he traveled, and which he claims in his let-
ter, was not impaired by the proviso in the act of
20th September, 1850. The presiding officer, at
the time that opinion was placed in his hands, read
it with considerable attention, but brought his mind
to the conclusion, on looking at the law, as he
stated to the honorable Senator, that he could not
depart from the decision made by Congress at its
last session, viewing it as he did to be a perma-
nent and not a temporary arrangement, as is con-
tended by the legal argument placed in his hands.
It seems, however, that in the House of Repre-
sentatives, that matter has been decided by a com-
mittee of the body, and a different decision lias
been come to. I will place in the hands of the
Secretary a statement of what took place in the
House of Representatives with regard to the mile-
age of the gentlemen representing California in
that body.
I bring this matter to the notice of the Senate,
in order that I may be relieved from that degree
of responsibility which would devolve upon me in
deciding a question which seems to be doubtful in
its character, inasmuch as the House of Repre-
sentatives have come to one decision, and the in-
clination of the Chair is to another. The certifi-
cate of the proceedings in the House of Repre-
sentatives will be read.
The Secretary read a certificate from the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives,
showing that the Committee on Mileage of that
House had unanimously reported to allow the
mileage of the members from California in accord-
ance with the law of 22d January, 1818, accord-
ing to the most usually traveled route; and that
the Sergeant-at-Arms had therefore allowed them
mileage for the route by way of Panama.
Mr. HUNTER. That being the state of the
case, I offer the following resolution:
The President of the Senate having stated to the Senate
a question as to the true construction of the act of the 20th
September, 1850, in relation to the mileage of the Senators
from California, ordered that it be referred to the Judiciary
Committee, to inquire and report whether the said act, so
far as relates to the mileage of the Senators from California,
is permanent or temporary in its provisions.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hopes there
will be no objection to considering and adopting
this resolution, as he wishes the decision of the
committee of the Senate, as well as of the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, on the
subject. It would relieve him from a very deli-
cate responsibility which he really feels incompe-
tent to discharge.
Mr. BERRIEN. I wish to inquire whether the
report of the committee of the House was sub-
mitted for action to the House of Representatives?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would state
that he understands the whole subject is before the
Committee on Mileage of the House of Represent-
atives, to be decided upon as they think proper. It
is not necessary that their report should be submitted
to the House for their action. There is no such
committee in the Senate, however.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up the resolu-
tion submitted by me yesterday, proposing an ad-
journment of the body on Monday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. BADGER. I hope we will not take up
that resolution now. We have just referred a very
important question to the consideration of the Ju-
diciary Committee, which they must examine,
upon which there are conflicting opinions and con-
flicting authorities, and upon which they are to
report. If we get through the business, we can ad-
journ on Monday. But I see no reason why the
Senate should tie itself to an adjournment at twelve
or one o'clock on Monday. It is not like propo-
sing a time of adjournment when the two Houses
of Congress are sitting, which has to be acted on
by both Houses. We can adjourn as soon as Ave
get through, and we ought not to adjourn sooner.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no doubt myself that,
from present appearances, we will be able to ad-
journ on Monday; but really I think, as the Presi-
dent has called us together, we ought not to adjourn
until the President has informed us that he will
make no further communication to us. As the
session was convened at the instance of the Presi-
dent, I think we ought to ascertain what business
he has for us before we fix a time for adjourn-
ment. I shall therefore vote against this motion,
though I shall vote in favor of an adjournment
whenever we get through our business.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to add that I
learn, from undoubted authority, that the President
has other nominations to send in to us, and it seems
to me to be somewhat premature, in that case, to
undertake now to fix a period of adjournment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will not waste time by dis-
cussing this resolution. I presume every Senator
is somewhat conversant with the matter. As the
Senator from North Carolina has referred to the
state of our business, I will say that I have made
inquiry as to the amount of business likely to be
sent to ua, and I understand that there are but two
or three nominations to come, and they will be
sent in to-day. I apprehend that we can dispatch
to-day all that is to be done. As to the report to
be made by the Judiciary Committee, I think it
a matter of no very great consequence. I suppose
the committee might meet and decide the question
in an hour.
Mr. CASS. I have but a remark to make.
There is no other body upon whose concurrence
we have to call. Why, therefore, say that we
will adjourn until we know what is the state of
the business before us ? We hurried business yes-
terday through the Senate too quickly; every Sen-
ator knows to what I allude. Things were done
which we actually had not time to consider prop-
erly. I think it will be time enough for us to ad-
journ when we actually know that our business
will justify it.
Mr. BERRIEN. It does seem to me that a de-
cision that we will adjourn at any particular time,
at a session called specially by the President for
the purpose of attending to executive business,
without communication with him on the subject
of our adjournment, would be premature and im-
proper. I am as desirous as anybody of getting
away from this place and going home; but the
President has convened us on an occasion which
he deems an extraordinary one, for the purpose
of attending to business which he proposes to
communicate to us. Gentlemen say they have in-
quired into prospective business, and learned that
all the nominations will be sent in to-day. Are
they prepared to say that all the nominations be-
fore the Senate will be confirmed ? and if any of
them be rejected, will not further action on the
part of the Executive be necessary? And why,
adopting the idea of the Senator from Michigan,
as there is no other body upen which we are de-
pendent, tie our hands up and act discourteously
to the President of the United States, without no-
tice to him of the time when we propose to ad-
