1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
journ ? The ordinary course in the sessions of this
sort I have witnessed, has been, when we have
got through the nominations and other business,
to notify the President of the fact, and say that we
were ready to adjourn if he had no further com-
munications to make. I hope that course will be
adopted now.
Mr. RUSK. In addition to the reasons which
have been offered by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, which I think cogent, because to adopt the
time of adjournment now would be an act of dis-
courtesy to the President of the United States, who
has convened us for the purpose of attending to ex-
ecutive business, I wish to say that nothing will be
gained if we adopt the resolution to adjourn on
Monday; for if on that day we should ascertain
that there is more executive business than we can
get through with, the resolution would be rescind-
ed. The reason for introducing a resolution for
adjournment when the other House is sitting, it is
very obvious js because we cannot adjourn with-
out the concurrence of the other body. But in this
case, if we should get through the business to-day,
and communicate with the President and learn
there is no more business to act upon, there is no
reason why we should not adjourn to-day. If we
pass the resolution, we can reconsider and annul it
on Monday. So it will be of no practical utility.
Mr. CLAY. I hope every Senator will vote
yea or nay without an argument. I am in favor
of the proposition myself, but I want to come to
a vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. I must be permitted to make
a remark, lest I should be considered as urging a
motion which might be considered discourteous to
the Executive. Certainly I would do nothing of
that kind. If I believed it could be so construed
I would not urge it, nor should I have offered it.
But I felt assured, from information I had from
reliable sources, that we could get throagh on
Monday; and this consideration, coupled with the
Act that I feh satisfied there would be no quorum
here on Monday, induced me to offer the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MANGUM. I aw opposed to taking up
the resolution, I think it snows too little self-
respect, by saying in substance that we cannot
trust ourselves to adjourn as soon as we ought to.
I am opposed to it.
The motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to on a division; there being ayes 14, noes
20.
POWERS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want to bring a ques-
tion to the attention of the Senate. It is known
that during the last three or four days of the late
session no reports were called for. The commit-
tees had no opportunity to make reports. I was
instructed by the Committee of Claims to make
unfavorable reports in two or three cases, and I
rise now for the purpose of making them. If this
be a permanent body, I see no reason why reports
should not now be harded in and ordered to be
printed. I therefore now ask leave to make the
reports. The question will be, 1 suppose, on
granting me leave.
Mr. HALE. Before the rote is taken upon
that motion, I wish to say that I have received a
great mass of petitions, not in time to present
them at the last session, and I do not want to in-
cumber myself with them. I should be very
glad to relieve myself of them if reports are ac-
cepted.
Mr. FOOTE. I -will mention, in addition, that
I have four or five long speeches which I did not
make during the session. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. This question of intro-
ducing business connected with the legislation of
the country was decided the other day. The un-
derstanding of the Senate, as the Chair supposed,
was, that the body could, at this session, transact
all business which they could transact alone, when
the House of Representatives was in session.
But this is certainly connected with legislation, and
something which requires the action of the two
Houses. It does not, certainly, relate to the par-
ticular business of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The question is, whether
I can get clear of the paper* in this way. If I
cannot get clear of them by making reports, how
can I?
The PRESIDENT. By delivering them to the
Secretary of the Senate. That is the ordinary
way.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask for a decision as
; to whether I shall be permitted to make my re-
i ports.
Mr. BRIGHT. I insist that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky has a right to make his
reports, and the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has a right to present his petitions.
We have a right to entertain them, discuss them,
i and act upon them. I contested this point, every
inch of it, when we first organized, and the Sen-
ate then, by a solemn vote on an appeal which I
; took from a decision of the Chair—every Senator
t but three sustaining the Chair—decided that the
doors were open, and that we had a right to trans-
' act business of every character to which the con-
' current action of the two Houses was not required.
Now, I insist that under the decision made by the
Senate, the honorable Senator from Kentucky has
a right to make his reports.
Mr. BADGER. There is a reason why my
friend from Kentucky has not a right to make his
reports, and that is this: when the Senate closed
the session at which that subject was referred to
his committee, he was thereby discharged from all
further control over the subject, and nothing was
left him but to put the papers again on the files of
the Senate. Suppose this had been a regular ses-
sion, all the references to committees of course
would fall, because it would require a new act to
put the committees in possession of the subjects.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is decidedly of
the opinion that the construction of the honorable
Senator from North Carolina is the proper one.
I The committees have been continued by express
resolution for the transaction of business with
I; wluch the Senate alone are connected. All papers,
j tiierefore, in possession of committees at the close
of the lata session, should be handed over to the
I Secretary to be acted on hereafter.
1; Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should like to have the
• yeas and nays, so as to see what sort of prece-
dents we would set.
The PRESIDENT. The C hair .has stated what
has been the uniform practice of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then the yeas and nays
would be unanimous against making my report.
But I will not take up the time of the Senate, as
the Chair decides that it is not proper for me to
make the motion.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can appeal
1 from the decision of the Chair, and then get the
yeas and nays on that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will not occupy the
' time of the Senate. I will waive the point.
j, WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
' Mr. UPHAM. I move that M. Pike have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers. He applied
for a pension, but the committee of the Senate re-
■ ported against his claim, because under existing
; laws they thought he would be entitled to a pen-
sion at the Pension Office.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This is business
! referred to a committee, and not to be transacted
by the Senate alone. It is business connected with
both Houses of Congress. At the close of the
! session, papers in the hands of committees were
necessarily to be returned to the Secretary of the
Senate. I found some difficulty myself in ascer-
taining by what mode I should return the papers,
and after various attempts to make reports, and
finding the session had terminated without my
having had an opportunity to present them, I took
the papers and laid them on the table of the Secre-
tary.
The PRESIDENT, That is thecorrect course.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The business now
proposed to be transacted by the Senator from Ver-
mont is business of Congress, not of the Senate,
and we are in session as the Senate merely. We
- can transact anything which the Senate may do
alone, but nothing which belongs to both Houses.
Mr. UPHAM. Two or three sets of papers
have already been withdrawn this morning. I do
not know that the Senator means to object to the
withdrawal of the papers, but if he does he is going
; contrary to the principle which has governed us
)< is relation to this matter.
(j Mr. CASS. I desire to my one word. I shall
not vote in favor of any abstract proposition de-
termining so and so. But I am willing to meet
any question which may arise. I do not see one
word in the Constitution about executive sessions.
It gives the President power to convene either or
both Houses. If he convenes the House of Rep-
resentatives, what can they do? They have no
executive business. " Either or both;" it is as
applicable to them as to us. It does not say one
word about executive business.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I should like to know the
I reason for the proposed withdrawal.
Mr. UPHAM. The Senate committee reported
upon the case, that the individual was entitled un-
der existing law, and therefore legislation is un-
necessary.
The motion was agreed to, and leave was grant-
ed to withdraw the papers.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by him
on the 5th instant, directing that each member of
the Senate be supplied with twelve additional
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
and that the Secretary cause the same to be
bound.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to state, in a
few words, the reason why the resolution was
framed in the manner in which it is. I was my-
self of the opinion, and in that opinion a number
of other gentlemen to whom I spoke agreed, that
perhaps there has been no period in the history of
our country in which the proceedings and debates
of the two Houses of Congress have been so im-
fiortant and interesting as at the session before the
ast. The whole of them are contained in extenso
in the Congressional Globe and Appendix for that
! session. We thought that an additional number
I of copies ought to be printed, in order that they
II might b« preserved in euch public institutions as
I we might select hereafter, so as to be accessible
in future time for reference. I originally intro-
i duced a resolution for purchasing only the copies
of the last session mentioned in the resolution,
that is, the first session of the Thirty-first Con-
gress; but upon reference to the publisher, at
whose instance action on the resolution was de-
layed for a few days, he submitted a statement to
| me of the number of books which he had on
r hand, showing that to supply to the Senate the
number of copies desired of the Globe and Ap-
pendix of that session, would leave him with a
large surplus of copies of the two preceding ses-
'' sions, and therebya set would be entirely broken,
without his being able hereafter to accompany the
sets of the Thirty-first Congress with a corre-
sponding number of the sets of the Thirtieth Con-
gress. Deeming it a matter of importance, and
; thinking that it would be unjust to break these
II sets, I preferred introducing the resolution for
II copies of the Globe for three sessions rather than
j I not to be supplied at all. I have no desire to dis-
i1 cuss the matter, but I wish to have a vote of the
!i Senate upon it.
! Mr. CHASE. I hope, Mr. President, that we shall
transact as little business as possible at this session
which is not strictly of an executive character. It
is very obvious, that if resolutions of this charac-
ter be introduced and adopted, and all subjects in
which particular gentlemen have an interest shall
receive the degree of consideration which they may
deem them entitled to, it will prolong the session
indefinitely. I am against this resolution for an-
other reason. I object to the continuance of this
system of purchasing books. 1 thought that it
had received its quietus some time ago, but it seems
to be like the heads of the hydra—cut one off, and
another rises up.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say one word as to
this being an executive session. The honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] well remarked
just now that the Constitution recognizes no such
thing as an executive session of this body; it is a
special session called by the President of the Uni-
ted States, and the precedents will show that at
such sessions it has been usual for the Senate to
order the purchase of books. The Senator says
that if every subject in which any gentleman mav
feel a particular interest shall be introduced and
, considered, we shall protract this session very un-
1 necessarily. I think the Ghair recollects, and
