408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
eveiy member of this body recollects, that at least
three weeks before the expiration of the last ses-
sion of Congress I laid a resolution on the table for [
this very purpose. It was postponed, and I did not
think H decent or becoming in me on the last night
or two of the session to arrest the attention of
the Senate from important national subjects before
them—the appropriation bills and other matters of
high concern to the country—to press the resolu-
tion. I have therefore submitted it now.
Mr. CHASE. It is true this is a special ses-
sion, and not an executive session. I concur fuiiy
with the honorable Senator from North Carolina
in that view of tiie subject; but it does not follow,
because we have the power to transact every
spe_\es of business svhicii does not require the con-
currence of the other House, that therefore we
should engage in the transaction of that business.
It is a question of expediency; and in my judg-
ment it is inexpedient to extend the business of
the session beyond the transaction of business
purely executive, and such little matters as the
withdrawingof papers and otner necessary matters.
As to this special resolution, I knew that the Sen-
ator from North Carolina did introduce it at the last
session, but then the resolution was simply for the
p .rchaoe of an extra number of copies of the
debates of the first session of the Thirty-first Con-
gress, and if I recollect rightly he withdrew it,
stating as a reason at that time that the resolution
could not b6 satisfied if adopted. 1
Mr. BADGER. I did not withdraw it.
Mr. CHASE. It was laid on the table, I be- 1
lieve. For the purpose of terminating this debate,
and testing the sense of the Senate, I move to lay
the resolution on the table, and on that question I
ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAiTOUM. Will the Senator withdraw !
his motion for a moment? 1
Mr. CHASE. Certainly.
Mr. MANGUM. Though I am generally dis-
inclined to making these purchases of books for |
the use of Senators, and think it has gone to
an extent decidedly objectionable, yet if the reso-
lution were restricted to the debates of the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, I should have no mate-
rial objection, because I deem the questions then
discussed of vast consequence to the country. But
when records and speeches of preceding Con-
gresses are included, I am decidedly opposed to ,
the resolution, for this reason. This has been!
represented here as the most reliable and accurate 1
account of the proceedings of both Houses of
Congress. Now, I undertake to say that during
the canvass of 1848 for the Presidency, not a scin- 1
tilla of some of the most elaborate efforts that
were made in this branch of Congress is to be
found in that work. Sir, the late Secretary of
State, (Mr. Clayton,) amongst others, made a most
elaborate speech, which had a circulation coexten-
sive with the whole Union, and yet not a syllable ,
of it is reported in the Globe. I might refer, if I j
chose, to a little private grief of my own in rela- j
tion to the same subject. I am unwilling, there- j
fore, to circulate speeches so one-sided in an inter-
esting canvass, when I think gentlemen have so
much reason to complain. This is represented as
being the most reliable and faithful organ of the
debates of the two Houses, and yet the most elab-
orate debates in this branch of Congress on the
Whig side of the question are not.to be found in it.*
* Note.—I wrote the following letter to Mr. Badger, to
be used if the subject should come up again m the Senate,
and requested him to show it to his colleague, Mr. Mangum.
He informed me that he did show it to him. | (
Washington, March 10, 1851. 'i
Hon. George e. Badger, U. S. Senate: I
Sir: The National Intelligencer of this morning pub- !
lishes a debate which took place in the Senate last Satur- j
day, on a resolution previously submittPd by you to pur-
chase for each Senator twelve copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for the Thirtieth Congress. Mr. Man-
gum is reported to have said in that debate :
" This has been represented here as the most reliable and
' accurate account of the proceedings of both Houses of
'Congress. Now, 1 undertake to say that during the cau-
' vas<- of 1848 for the Presidency not a scintilla ofsome ofthe
' most elaborate efforts that were made in this branch of Con-
' greas is to be found in that work. Sir, the late Secretary of
' State (Mr. Clayton) amongst others, made a most elaborate
' speech, which had a circulation coextensive with the wh le
'Lnion, and yet not a syllable of it is reported in the Globe.
I might refer, if 1 chose, to a little private grief of my own
in relation to the same subject. I am unwilling, there-
tor*, to circulate speeches so one-sided in an interesting
I am, therefore, opposed to it for this reason. Be-
sides, I am opposed to this growing and increasing
desire manifested 011 the part of the Senate to pur-
chase books for our own use. I renew the motion
of the honorable Senator from Ohio that the reso-
lution be laid on the table, and on that question I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered,and, being ta-
ken, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas. Downs, Felch, Foote ot Mississippi, Toot
ot Vermont, Hunter, King, Mangum, Ma*on, Noiris.
Pearoe, Rhetr, Ru-k, Underwood, Upliam, Walker, and
Wllitcomb—'26.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Clarke, Davis of
Mississippi. Gvvin, Hale, Houston, Morton, Sebastian, Se-
ward, Shields, Smith, and Soule—14.
So the mjtion was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution making extra allowances
to officers in the service of the Senate. The ques-
tion was on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expen-
ses of the Senate, to strike out all of the resolution
after the word " resolved," and insert in lieu of it
the following:
That there be paid out of the contingent fund, under the
direcuon of the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses, to each of the officers, clerks, messengers,
pages, laborers, boys carrying the mail, librarian, the assist-
ant librarians, and the messenger in the library of Congress,
the fireman 111 the crypt, and the laborer in the centre build-
ing, the same amounts respectively as they were paid under
the resolutions of the Senate of 3d March, 1849; to the reg-
ular police, the watchmen, and the laborers 111 the Capitol
grounds, the western gatekeeper, and the lamplighters, such
sums respectively as, together with what they may have
received from the House of Representatives at the last ses- j
sion, shall amount to what is here allowed to a messenger. I
•And be it further resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be
authorized to employ the messengers, pages, and folders
during the recess in folding documents, and that they be
paid therefor the same prices per hundred that were paid in
the House of Representatives during the last Congress, and I
that he be also authorized to employ one mail-wagon to
convey the documents to the post office, at the usual cost. 1
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted, a few I
days ago, the following amendment to the amend-
ment: To strike out the words "That the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be authorized to employ the mes-
sengers, pages, and folders during the recess in
folding documents, and that they be paid therefor
the same prices per hundred that were paid in the
House of Representatives during the last Con-
gress," and insert in lieu of them, "That the
' canvass, when I think gentlemen have so much reason to ,
' complain. This is represented as being the most reliable
' and faithful organ of the debates of the two Houses, and 1
'yet the most elaborate debates in this branch of Congress
' oh the Whig side of the question are not to be found 111 it. !
' I am, therelore, opposed to it lor this reason."
I find in the Congressional Globe synopses of both the
speeches referred to by Mr. Mangum—Mr. Clayton's and
his own ; but I do not find them in the Appendix, where
speeches, as revised by members, are published at length.
They were never revised by the speakers lor the Appendix;
or, it they were, the revised speeches were never handed to
me lor publication. I am sure I never saw either of the
speeches, as written out by Mr. Mangum or Mr. Clayton,
until this morning. Mr. Towers (who printed most of the
pamphlet copies of the speeches made 111 the Senate at that ,
session) informs me that he printed a very large edition of I
Mr. Clayton's speech for circulation duting the political
campaign of 1848 ; and that he had a large subscription for
Mr. Mangum's, but that he was not able to obtain a copy
of it lor publication.
Mr. Mangum informed me six or seven months after he
made his speech that it had not been published in the Ap-
pendix, and I then told him that if he would turmsh me , i
with a copy I would publish it m the Appendix. He has
never furnished me with a copy of it.
A subscriber in Georgia to the Congressional Globe and
Appendix was the first person who intormed me that I had
not published Mr. Clayton's speech in the Appendix.
Soon after I received this information, I called on Mr. Clay-
ton lor his speech as written out by himself, and he in-
formed me that he had not a copy of itin this city; that lie
had nutten it out, and Jelt it at his residence in Delaware.
He never sent a copy of it to me.
I recollect to have lett out of the Appendix two speeches
of Democratic Senators—Mr. Soule and Mr. Whitcomb,
for the satne reason that I left out Mr. Mangbm's and Mr.
Clayton's—because I could not procure copies of them.
I solemnly aver that I never letl out of the Congressional
Globe or the Appendix any speech of any member ot Con-
gress tor any object whatever; and that I have published
the debates as fully and as fairly for one political party as
the ofiler; and shall continue to do so as long as I continue
those works.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN c. RIVES.
N. B. The two speeches referr«d to will he found at the
end of the present volume.
messengers be continued three months from the
termination ofthe present session, for the purpose
of folding and transmitting the documents ordered
to be primed for the use of the Senate."
Mr. CLAY. I would suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi that the original draft of the res-
olution which I presented proposed the continu-
ance of these officers for three months; but, 011
inquiry, 1 ascertained that two months would be
sufficient. Perhaps the Senator's amendment had
better say "two months" instead of "three
months.
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no objection
to that, if two months will be sufficient; I modify
my amendment accordingly. My amendment is
to pay these officers for a certain time instead of
per hundred.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the amendment
to the amendment will not be adopted. The com-
mittee propose that the messengers, pages, and
folders shall be employed in folding, and shall be
paid for it by the hundred as in the House of Rep-
resentatives, where that system has been thor-
oughly tried. The practice wliichnow exists here
formerly existed in the House of Representatives,
but they abolished it and adopted this system. 1
have no hostility to these officers at all; but I learn
that the documents will be much more expedi-
tiously and much better folded under the system
proposed by the committee. I learn that those
who fold well can make even more than the per
diem compensation we allow. Those who do not
understand the business, do not, I suppose, make
as much in the House folding room; but they are
paid according to the labor they perform. I think
it is a good system, and I hope that at the next
session it will be adopted entirely. All the docu-
ments, I am certain, will be folded much more
rapidly in that way.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I defer to the ex-
perience and knowledge of the committee to audit
the contingent expenses. I think, however, there
is a great distinction between the messengers of
the Senate and those of the House, in relation to
the folding of documents. I understand that the
House messengers do not fold during the session,
but other persons are employed to do it until the
termination of the session. I think that consti-
tutes an important difference between the messen-
gers of the Senate and the messengers of the
House in this particular. Moreover, I think the
messengers who have faithfully served during the
session, whose evenings and spare time have been
employed in folding documents, should be em-
ployed to complete the folding. It may be that the
messengers will not choose to fold by the hundred.
Then the Sergeant-at-Arms would have to go out
into the town and hire otherpersons. If the mes-
sengers choose to do it, I take it for granted they
will have the preference; but if they do not, thi
officers will have to employ others. This I do not
like.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. This is the only reform
our committee has been able to propose. I think
it is the entering-wedge of a system that will work
well, and on that account I wish to see ittried. I
hope the Senate will try the experiment. No
doubt the messengers, pages, and folders would be
glad to work for the compensation which we pro-
pose to give them; and if they do not, others will
be found who will gladly undertake the work for
the compensation proposed.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I do not know that I
rightly apprehend the amendment of the commit-
tee. If I do, I am in favor of-it for two reasons.
One is, I think it the part of all wise legislation to
make it the interest of the person employed to do
his work properly and expeditiously. The other
is, that I think it is important we should receive
our documents as soon as possible, as they are in-
tended for general dissemination among the people.
I think it is a sound principle to pay persons in
proportion to the labor they do, and to make it
their interest to do it well and expeditiously.
Mr. BADGER. As my friend the chairman of
the committee has said, this is the only commence-
ment for a system of retrenchment which we have
been able with a safe conscience to recommend to
the Senate at this session. If the Senate decide
against it, I shall consider it, if I am on the com-
mittee at the next session, as an instruction to
make no effort at retrenchment. But the amend-
