1851.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Proceeding,  of the called Setsion.
Senate.
B*ry. I think, as to the work which he will render
during the vacation, it probably will not amount
to much. I understand that these claims have
been indexed by the House of Representatives.
1 understand from my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Rrodhead,] who has come more recently
from the proceedings of the House than I have,
that that has been done, in that I think I am not
mistaken. So far as that is concerned, this would
seem, then, to be unnecessary; and the whole ef-
fect of it will be to render the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Claims this compensation for past ser-
vices. In other words, while this gratuity is being
rendered to the other employees of Congress, the
clerk of that committee wiil be included. If he
ought to be included, I think the rest of the clerks
of committees ought to be included.
One word as to this extra compensation. Du-
ring the time in which I have been here, number-
ing now many years, I find it has been universally
done, until it has got to be a matter of expecta-
tion with our employes. It is o«e of the things to
which they look when they engage in our em-
ployment; and to refuse it at this time, after hav-
ing granted it for so many years, would seem to
be making an invidious distinction between out
employes of the present session and our employes
at past sessions. 1 agree in principle with what
has been said by the honorable Senator from In-
diana, that this is an improper mode of compensa-
tion. We ought to introduce some regular system
of salaries that will pay them. If the Senator
from Indiana will take up the subject at the next
session I will be obliged to him, and shall give
him my support. Nor am I to be understood as
disputing the propriety of his course, or blaming
it now; for I feel the truth of much that he has
said. The only point of difference between us is
this: It having been done before, I feel indisposed
to make this discrimination and stop this allow-
ance. I do not know hut that perhaps he may be
right and I may be wrong. This, however, I will
say, I feel there is some impropriety in this prac-
tice. I will not say that it has grown to be a sort
of vested right, though it has become a matter of
expectation with these persons. If the Senator
will hereafter introduce a bill in relation to this
matter I will support it; but I think that there is
much in what was said by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison.] Let us appro-
priate the money as usual this session, and here-
after we can fix a general system of salaries for
our officers, by a biff or a joint resolution. 1 only
rose to vindicate my own consistency, and correct a
mistake of the gentleman from Indiana as to the
necessity of compensation for the clerk of the
Committee on Finance. If other clerks are inclu-
ded, of course I shall wish to have him included.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to state, for the infor-
mation of the Senate, that there is but one volume
of an index to claims, and that has been prepared
by the Senate, and but a few years ago. 1 have a
copy of it myself. It is an alphabetical index of
the claims, together with the nature of the claims,
whether for damage from the burning of a house
or the burning of a vessel, &c. But this does not
indicate the principle on which the committee de-
cided the claims. Now, as to the House docu-
ment, which some seem to think is in existence.
There is no such document in existence; but such
a document is in course of preparation, which, it
is supposed, will answer the same purpose as that
contemplated by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. It is in course of preparation, but I un-
derstand it will not be ready for a considerable
time. I understand that it is intended in that doc-
ument to exhibit the principles which have been
decided by the Committee of Claims. Whether it
is necessary for both Houses to have such a doc-
ument is a question which the Senate can decide
for itself.
Mr. NORRIS. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maryland whether that document is to embrace
the reports of the Committees of Claims of the Sen-
ate? I understand that it merely embraces the re-
ports of the committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand that it embraces
all cases in both the House of Representatives
and the Senate, on whifh the committees have re-
ported.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That was the intention.
Mr. CASS. Every Senator knows how loosely
laws in relation to private claims are passed. 1 do
not believe that generally one Senator out of twenty |
actually knows what he votes for; for, in most I
cases, they must depend on the report of the com- j
mittee. It seems to me there should be some one
on that committee charged with its traditions, with j
the facts, so that when a case arises he may know i
whether it has been before us before, and what are |
the principles on which it was before decided, j
Some cases are decided here in a very short time,
in the investigation of which, perhaps, a court of
justice would be engaged for weeks. The conse- I
quence is, that claims are either passed without I
preparation or they are passed wrongly. I do think i
that the clerk of this committee will probably be j
a very good one to take these traditions, look them
up, and present them to us. If he did, it would
save twenty times over the amount of his salary.
That is my idea.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I am a member of the
Committee of Claims, and I have been hesitating
whether I ought to say anything in relation to this
amendment. If I were to sit here perfectly silent
it might be construed as an admission that I
thought there was a necessity for continuing the
clerk now employed by that committee. Person-
ally I am his friend, aided in securing him the situa-
tion, and wish him well. But I must say, under
a conviction of duty, that I do not think there will
be any corresponding benefit resulting from his
employment during the vacation. We have now,
as has already been remarked, a complete index of
all claims that have originated before Congress
since the publication of the State Papers. This
index shows whether any given claim originated in
the Senate or in the House, how often it has been
before either branch of Congress, and its final dis-
position. This enables any committee to which a
revived claim is referred ,ti  abridge its labors, and
to guard against abuse, by examining the views
and reasonings of former committees upon the
same subject.
New, I understand that, in addition to this, it is
proposed that theclerk shall prepare a classification
of all claims that have ever been presented, accord-
ing to their subjects, and showing the principle on
which each one was favored or rejected by the
committee to which it had been referred. If the
plan proposed, as I understand it, is faithfully car-
ried out, it will involve immense labor, and, so
far as I can see, without any or with very little
practical utility. The matter was brought before
the committee very hastily, and I then expressed
great doubt in relation to it; but I was willing that
the matter should be reported for the action of the
Senate, without pledging myself to pursue any
p&rtMHd&r course in relation to it. If the honora-
ble chairman will indicate whether I am mistaken
in my view of the matter, I should like to be cor-
roct^d
Mr. NORRIS. There is nothing now but an I
alphabetical list, showing that such a claim was
presented at such a time, and whether the report
was adverse or favorable.
Mr. WHITCOMB. 1 think it will be exceed-
ingly difficult to go through all the claims since
the origin of the Government, and- ascertain the '
principles on which they were severally reported.
This implies, if I rightly understand it, the prepa-
ration of a syllabus of each report, and a digest of .
the whole, under suitable heads, and it cannot be
accomplished within any reasonable time. But if
it were now accomplished to our hands, of what
use would it be ? Different committees, constitu-
ted of different members, not unusally take differ-
ent views and adopt different modes of reasoning
as to the same claim. A subsequent committee |
can scarcely be expected to adopt implicitly the
reasoning and decision of a former committee for
theirguidance on a similar state of facts. Nor, in
my opinion, ought it to be desired. But even if ■
they were disposed to regard it with the deference
due to an antecedent decision in a court of law,
they would not be satisfied with looking at the
mere syllabus or abridgment, when the original
report is so near at hand. In the view I take of
the proposition, therefore, I must oppose it, as in-
volving a mere useless expense. i
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to- . I
J Mr. COOPER. I do not rise to continue the 1
debate, but I think the resolution ought to be
amended in one particular. If I recollect aright,
it provides for the continuance of a mail wagon
during the recess, and not a document wagon.
Now, everybody knows that a very large amount
of documents are sent off during the recess, and
that there is very little occasion for a mail wagon.
Several Senators. The resolution is sufficient
as it is.
Mr. COOPER. Very well.
Mr. RUSK. I now move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Resolved, That the clerk of the Committee on Finance,
and the clerk of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Boads, be also continued during the ensuing recess of Con-
gress at the same rate ol" compensation heretofore allowed.
What employment may be given during the re-
cess to the clerk of the Committee on Fuiance I
do not know. I know certainly that he has faith-
fully discharged his duties during the session of
Congress; and if he were engaged here during the
recess, as a matter of course he would be engaged
at something, perhaps under the direction of the
chairman of the committee, that would prepare
him very well for his duties at the next session.
The duties that are devolved on that committee
are very important, and have to be performed with
great rapidity.
Then, again, if there be a necessity for the con-
tinuance of any clerk to any committee during the
recess of Congress, it is the clerk of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I did not in-
tend to propose the continuance of that clerk. I
know that many of these things are done for the
purpose of giving employment to certain undivid-
uals. But as the clerk of the Committee of Claims
is proposed to be continued, I thought it right that
the clerks of other committees should also be con-
tinued. I procured at the close of the last session
of Coagresa the continuance of the clerk of the Post
Office Committee. I did it with a view to bring
forward a bill to meet the demands of the country'
for the reduction of postage. I confess with my
other duties I was not able to make myself familiar
with all the details of the post office establishment
of the country. When the Senate passed a reso-
lution authorizing the continuance of the clerk of
the Post Office Committee during the last recess,
he procured a report of a hundred pages, without
which I could not have well ,got along with the
duties devolved upon me with regard to the reduc-
tion of postage. That reduction I regard as a very
great reform. I regard the bill which we have
passed to reduce the postage and simplify post
office operations as a great reform. It is the be-
ginning of a reform in an institution the most
important in this country. The laws which have
been adopted in relation to it run over a space of
fifty years—in many cases borrowed from the
English laws on the subject—and it is no-w, so far
as the law regulating that important part of the
Government is concerned, more complicated than
any system in any civilized country. The opera-
tions of the post office in New York furnish you
with no information as to the operations of the
post office in New Orleans. It is impossible to
legislate upon this subject without a knowledge of
it. It is impossible for any Senator to obtain all
the minutiae of the operations of this department
and attend to his other duties. Legislation on that
subject without this knowledge often produces
confusion, and I am sure that the clerk we have
employed would be profitably employed until the
nex* session of Congress if ne shall be continued.
If I shall be continued on that committee—which,
by the way, 1 do not wish to be, because there is
a great deal of labor of an unprofitable character
connected with it—so far as regards the individual,
I should like to have the result of the labors of
j the clerk during the recess. It is important in
I carrying out this system that we should simplify
' the law. My own deliberate opinion, formed after
investigating the subject, is, that we can increase
, the mail facilities, the advantages of the Post Office
Department, and reduce the expenditures fifty per
cent; that in place of reducing mail facilities by-
simplifying the laws, we can increase the mail
service, and make it vastly more efficient, and re-
trench its present expenditure fifty per cent. If
the clerk of the committee shall be employed, I
shall set him at work m order to get the necessary
information.
