412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT a?ain addressed the Senate, and
concluded by moving; to lay the whole subject on
the table, on which he asked for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and, being
taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Chase,
Dawson, Foot of Vermont, Rhett, Smith, Underwood,
Walker, and VVlutcomb—11.
\AYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Butler, Cass, Clay, Cooper, Davisof Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mi^i^ippi, Dodse of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa. Felch, Foote ofMis-M^sippi, Gwin. Hale. Houston,
Hunter, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, and Soule—29.
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Rusk.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire, as a matter of
fact, whether there are any clerks of committees?
I understand that by the resolution under which
they were appointed, their terms expired with the
last Congress. If so, there are no clerks to com-
mittees now, unless we authorize their reappoint-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I have been requested to
offer an amendment to this resolution which I hold
in my hand. The object of the resolution is, I
suppose, to make agreat many happy here,and not
to make invidious distinctions. The object of the
amendment is to include the enrolling and engross-
ing clerks of this body. I understand they were
included by a similar resolution which passed the
House. This amendment, if adopted, will include
them so far as this body is concerned. Of course
I shall finally vote against the whole resolution;
but if it is to pass, I wish it to be with this amend-
ment, believing that these persons are entitled to a
gratuity as well as the others. I will explain the
necessity for it. The language of the resolution
as introduced speaks of clerks employed, using |
the present tense, and of course only applies to !
those now employed, whereas the functions of the
enrolling and engrossing clerks ceased with the
expiration of the Congress. If it be, then, the
disposition of the Senate to benefit these clerks
also, it is necessary to annex this amendment to
the resolution; and I hope, on the principle of
equality and fairness, that it may be done.
The amendment is to add: !
Also, to each enrolling or engrossing clerk employed in
the service of the Senate at the last session of Congress,
who are not provided for in the preceding, the same amount
herein allowed to a page for that session.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I apprehend that this
is a novel amendment, and that there is no prece-
dent for it. I believe it will be applicable only to '
two gentlemen, who were called in during the last j
two or three days of the session, to discharge the !
duties of enrolling and engrossing clerks in conse-
quence of the pressure of business, the usual
clerks not being able to attend to all the business.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask if we do not have
a vote in the Senate, after we come out of the
Committee of the Whole, on the amendment as
amended ?
The PRESIDENT. Not at all.
Mr. HALE. Are we not in Committee of the
Whole ? Can we pass appropriations without
being in committeei
The PRESIDENT. The rule does not require !
that these resolutions shall be considered as in \
Committee of the Whole. It only requires that j
they shall be read three times. It was read the
other day when it was offered; it was read a second
time yesterday, on motion of the Senator from !
Kentucky. !
The amendment as amended was agreed to,and j
the resolution was read a third time. |
The question then was on the passage of the res- 1
olution as amended.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate for a moment to an amendment which was
suggested by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cooper.] I see upon reading the
resolution that it authorizes the Sergeant-at-Arms
to authorize the employment of a mail wagon to
carry documents to the post office. I am informed
that a vast amount of documents, books, &c., are
sent off by express. This simply authorizes the
carrying of them to the post office. The conse- i
quences will be that an extra wagon must be em-
ployed to carry every one of these bundles, and
we shall be charged porterage each time. But if
you put this matter under the direction of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, and let him hire a wagon at the
usual cost, it will not take very much. As it is
now, the porterage will have to be paid for every
package sent, unless it is sent to the post office. I
move, instead of one wagon, to strikeout one and
insert two.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not con-
sider that the resolution can be amended in that
part that has been amended by striking out any
portion of it. There can be additions made to it,
but nothing can be stricken out.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will not persist in the
amendment, as one wagon is sufficient. I have
conversed with the officers, and they inform me
that one wagon will be sufficient, and will not per-
haps be employed all the time.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will withdraw it.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I ask forthe yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felch,
Foote of Mississippi, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Mangum, Ma-
son, Morton, Ku-k. Sebastian, Seward, Shields, SouU, 1
Upham, and Walker—29.
NAYS— Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Chase,
Dawson, Foot of Vermont, King, Norris, Smith, Under-
wood, and Whitcomb—11.
So the resolution was passed.
kossuth and his companions.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe President be requested to communicate
to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public interest,
any correspondence which has taken place between the
Department of State and the minister of the United States
at Constantinople respecting the liberation of Kossuth and
his companions. 1
trade with foreign countries.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask the Senate, as a special i
favor to myself, to take up a resolution which I i
laid on the table on Wednesday last, calling on '
the Department for some information in relation [
to intercourse with some countries with which we
have no reciprocal treaties.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was taken up for consideration. Itis as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, in addition to the
information called for by a resolution of the Senate passed
on the 3d of January, 1849, a statement of the navigation
and commerce between foreign countries with whom we
have no treaties of reciprocity and the United States, since |
the year 1821, particularly with France, Spain, and Portu- |
gal, and the dependencies of each, and with the Republics >
of Mexico and Hayti. ;
Resolved, That whenever the information called for by j
the said resolution of January 3, 1849, together with the in- I
formation called for by the foregoing resolution, shall have
been fully prepared, the Secretary of the Treasury be here-
by directed to cauM' the same to be printed in proper form
and hound, and that two thousand copies of the same be
published, to be disposed of hereafter by the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE. I will explain the object of
the resolution in one moment, and then I think
the Senate will understand it. Two years since,
I think on the 3d of January, 1849, after conver-
sation with the then Secretary of State, Mr. [
Buchanan, I introduced a resolution very much in
the form of this. That resolution, before it was
considered by the Senate, was submitted to the
inspection of the present Secretary of State, Mr.
Webster, and by him amended. The resolution
then passed; and according to the request of that
resolution the Secretary of the Treasury has caused
to be prepared a statement of the commerce and
navigation and tonnage between the United States
and those foreign countries with which we have
reciprocal treaties. The officer who is charged
with the preparation of this document found it
convenient and necessary to go back to the year
1821, and he has now prepared a statement of the
commerce and navigation between the United
States and foreign countries, together with the
tonnage from that year up to the close of the year
| 1850. The officer who had this in preparation
| has been obliged to go into the commerce of those
countries with which we have no reciprocal trea-
; ties, and has furnished me with a list which is in-
1 eluded in that resolution. He savs it will be a
matter of very little labor indeed to complete it,
and that it will furnish to the country a complete
synopsis and statement of the commerce, naviga-
tion, and tonnage between the United States and
all foreign countries between the years 1821 and
18£0. It can be done with very little labor, and
in my humble opinion it will be one of the most
valuable documents which can emanate from Con-
gress. I therefore hope the resolution will be
adopted; and in conformity with my own opinion
upon the subject, 1 have added to it a second reso-
lution, directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause two thousand copies of it to be printed, and
to be subject to the future disposition of the Sen-
ate. There is the whole case.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to suggest an
amendment to this resolution. The resolution
provides that the information, when obtained,
shall be published under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Now, I think we ought
to add an amendment to provide that the printing
shall be done by the person holding the contract to
do the Congressional printing. This is properly
a Congressional document; and it ought to be
printed by the person appointed by law to do the
public printing. I therefore move to amend the
resolution by adding:
"And the printing authorized by the resolution shall be
done and performed by the person having the contract to do
the public printing."
1 If this amendment be adopted, it will save some
four or five thousand dollars. Under the contract
system, the printing will cost but about half the
amount that it will cost if it be not done under the
contract. But it may be said that the person who
has entered into the contract to do the public
printing will not be ready. Be it so; but this doc-
ument is not desired until the opening of the next
session. I understand he who makes the contract
enters into an obligation to do all the public print-
ing for the next session. He will by that time
have all his materials ready, and I have no doubt
the work will be well done.
Mr. CLARKE. I had no sinister motive in
wishing the printing tobe doneunder the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury. But certainly
if any officer of this Government could be trusted
with so simple a matter, we might trust the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with the printing of this
report. I know nothing about the contractor for
the public printing. I know not who he is. But
this document will be one of the most valuable
documents furnished to the country and Congress;
and depend upon it, we shall want that document
upon our tables at the commencement of the next
session. Very much is to be done within the
long session. Very little has been done now. The
information contained in the document is very im-
portant. It will be recollected by the Chair and
the Senate that at the last session of Congress a
special order was made directing the Secretary of
the Treasury to print his annual report on Com-
merce and Navigation, so that we might have it
on our tables at the next meeting of Congress. It
has been very serviceable. Before the adoption
of the resolution we did not get that report until
half the session had expired. This year we had
it upon our tables by the first of January, and it
has been of very great service. This document,
too, will be very important. It will be a synopsis
of the commerce and navigation of the country,
together with a brief statement of the tonnage be-
tween this country and foreign countries from the
year 1821 to the close of 1850. I know of no doc-
ument that it is more important we should have
upon our tables. W^ho prints it, I care not. It
should be printed, and well printed; and certainly
I would be very unwilling to sanction the idea that
the present Secretary of the Treasury could not
have it done as well as anybody in any other de-
partment of the Government. If there is any
danger of delay, I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. If there will be no delay, and the
document can be placed upon our tables at an
early day, I have no objection.
