1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
Proceedings of the called- Session.
Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. As 1 have had some con-
nection with the public printing, I deem it my
duty to make a remark on this matter. I need not
remind the Senate of our experience in regard to
public printing for the last two years. We are all
sufficiently familiar with the inconvenience that
we have incurred in that respect. We know, too,
that applications have been made for relief under
the contracts, and statements have been made, and
I suppose the accuracy of them proved, as to the
losses which have been sustained by the public
printer. I have made some inquiry with regard
to the new contract. I cannot say that I can speak
with perfect confidence, with entire certainty as to
its character; but I am informed, upon what I re-
gard as the best authority, that the present con-
tractor has undertaken his work at much lower
prices than we have had for the last two years,
under which contractors say they have been ruined.
I am informed, upon what I consider to be good
authority, that he has undertaken the contract for
a much less amount than he can buy the white
paper for. As this is my opinion, based upon
what I consider good authority, I deem it my duty
to state it to the Senate, that they may know what
to expect if they order the printing to be done
under that contract.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think it prob-
able the Secretary of the Treasury would under-
stand this resolution to mean that he should cause
the printing to be executed under existing laws.
There is a standing law in regard to the printing
of the Departments—that it shall be let out to* the
lowest bidder. If there is any doubt about that,
I think it would accomplish the object of my friends
from Rhode Island and from Pennsylvania, by in-
terpolating "according to the provisions of exist-
ing laws." I think it is well enough as it is; but
if there is any doubt about it, those words can be
inserted
Mr. BRODHEAD. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and offer the proposition suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CLARKE. I accept it.
Mr. HALE. If we adopt the resolution in that
form, will it be courteous to the Secretary? There
is an existing law which requires that the work of
the Departments shall be given to the lowest bid-
der; but will not the adoption of this resolution
convey the idea that we are apprehensive he will
not do it according to the existing law?
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent tfterein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
Monday, March 10, 1851.
Mr. CASS. There is a personal explanation
Connected with myself which I wish to make this
morning. I have not often troubled the Senate in
that way—never, indeed, I believe—but I must
trespass on its indulgence at this time. Before
doing so, I will read an editorial from the " Re-
public" of this morning, headed " General Cass
on the River and Harbor Bill:"
" As it is somewhat difficult to ascertain from the course
of General Cass in the Senate whether or not he is in favor
of appropriations for the improvement of rivers and harbors,
and as we desire to throw all the light we can on the sub-
ject, we copy the following letter, addressed to the editor of
the Allegan Record, which appears in the western papers:
" Washington, January 25, 1851.
"My dear Sir: I have just received your letter, and
hasten to reply to it I think the appropriation bill for the
improvement of rivers and harbors will pass; and if it does,
the appropriation for our friends, the Hollanders, will cer-
tainly succeed ; there is no doubt of that. Of course it will
receive my vote and support heartily, my i Chicago letter'
to the contrary notwithstanding. I know no improvement
more just and necessary, and you may depend upon it that
it will receive the entire support of our delegation.
" I am dear sir, truly, yours,
"Johh R. Kellogg, Esq. LEWIS CASS.
"This letter, be it remembered, was intended for the
West, and may, therefore, be presumed to come as near to
a declaration in favor of the bill as the General thought it
entirely safe to go. It might fairly enough be considered
as a pledge to support the bill; and yet there is an ambig-
uity about it which, after the exhibition of Senatorial dodg- ,
ing which the General has recently given us, it is easy to
believe was designed.
" The 4 noise and confusion' which prevented General
Cass from being heard at Cleveland, tlu^circumstances'
which prevented him from attending tli^Bhicago Oonven-
tion, the religious scruples which prevented him from voting
at one time, the constitutional scruples which prevented liirn [
from voting at another, and the strange lack of perspicuity
which characterizes all that he has said or written in regard
to internal improvements, have placed the country in a
glorious state of uncertainty as to his opinions on this sub-
ject, from which we hope that it will some day be relieved." !
Mr. President, the late Senator from Ohio, [Mr. '
Ewino,] whom I have in my eye at this moment, '
is somewhat in the same situation as myself. He
has almost sanctioned as classical the word " soli-
tude,"and I have almost sanctioned as classical
the words "noise and confusion." [Laughter.]
I received a private letter from a respectable citi-
zen of Michigan inquiring about a certain improve-
ment in Black river, on Lake Michigan; to which
I sat down at my desk and wrote a hasty answer,
and which has been published in the newspapers.
So be it. I have no objection to it. This paper,
to show my inconsistency, quotes that letter of
mine, in which I say that I will vote for the im-
provement of Black river, notwithstanding my
Chicago letter; and those words are underscored^
apparently to call public attention especially to
their importance, as though the writer did not
know it was but a sportive allusion of mine—a
mere joke. These words are underscored, and
thus sent out to the world, as though my Chicago
letter, which never said a word on the subject of
internal improvements, was a declaration on my
part that I would never support a bill for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors.
The writer of this article says that I was pledged
to support the bill which was before us a few days
ago. Why, he knew very well that the bill which
came here was not in existence when 1 wrote this
letter of January 25th. The writer of that article
knows, and every Senator knows perfectly well,
that the bill we had before us was substituted for j
that in the House of Representatives on the very
eve ef its passage, within three or four days, I be-
lieve of the action of the House. A half million
of dollars, including seven or eight objects, was
added to the amount originally proposed to be ap-
propriated, and without one word from the De-
partment on the subject. If I was pledged to sup-
fort the original bill—which I utterly deny—was
pledged to support this bill, which contained
many enormous appropriations, unknown in their
mode of introduction, without saying anything of
their principle? I suppose the writer would con-
tend that if it appropriated all the revenues of the
Government, I would be likewise pledged to sup-
port it. There was not the slightest pledge on the
subject. What I said in this letter was that 1
would vote for the improvement of Black river,
and that the delegation from Michigan would do
the same. No man with a particle of candor and
fairness can doubt that that is the whole purport
of the letter.
Certainly I believed a moderate bill would have
fiassed. I hoped it would. Like my friend from
llinois, [Mr. Douglas,] if kept within reasonable
bounds—if kept, as he says, within the estimates
of the Departments—I should have been willing
to take it, unless there were objectionable items
which I have not accurately examined. But
$350,000 were added for old improvements, and
$400,000 for new improvements—(I speak from
recollection, and therefore not accurately)—a half
a million was also added for which the Depart-
ment never estimated—which they never saw.
Who is to be responsible for this ? The Execu-
tive, knowing what the probable receipts will be,
can make estimates that, we can afford so much
for fortification, so much for this, so much for
that, &c. But if you go on doubling'and trebling
these appropriations, what security have you that
you will not throw the country in debt? So much
for my pledges.
Mr. President, I said the other day that it was
hard to overtake falsehood. It travels faster and
further than its refutation. Mr. Jefferson said it
was better to live it down than write it down.
Perhaps it is. Here is the old charge that I shel-
tered myself behind "noise and confusion;" and,
by the by, I cannot use the words without laugh-
ing. Notwithstanding my solemn contradiction in
my place here—notwithstanding the solemn con-
tradiction of Governor Wood, who was the chair-
man who put the question to me out of which this
story arose—here a prominent Administration pa-
per comes out, and in the face of these facts, repeats
this old story, with no other view in the world
but to injure me. Here let me do justice to a dis-
tinguished man who is not in his seat to-day, and
whose name will go down with honor upon the
page of history, [Mr. Clay.] After I had con-
cluded my speech on this subject, he came up
to me and said, with that spirit which belongs to
him, "Well, you have cleared yourself from the
charge of inconsistency." Now, I ask any Sen-
ator on this floor if he believes I ever sheltered
myself under the words "noise and confusion,"
to avoid giving my opinions at Cleveland, or if he
sees any inconsistency between my declarations
and votes on this subject? If he does, he will
oblige me by stating it, that I may remove the im-
pression. 1 pause for a reply.
No reply being made, I take it for granted that,
in the opinion of the Senate, these charges are un-
founded, and hereafter I shall leave them to their
fate, to be believed or not, as falsehood or truth
may prevail.
This writer alludes to me as having religious
and constitutional scruples; and he does so sneer-
ingly, as though there were no such thing, or as
though I could not possess the feeling. Let him
speak for himself. For myself, I have some of
both. I make no professions of moral obligation.
I have no exclusive claim to be bettei than other
people; but I trust that, bad as I may be, 1 may
have religious and constitutional scruples without
subjecting myself to such attacks as these from
every party paper, little or big, in the Union.
I am a believer in the Divine institution of the
Sabbath, and I believe it is as wise in a civil as in
a religious point of view. I never will,in time of
peace, sit in this Senate on that day. The State
Legislatures, and perhaps ourselves in the District
of Columbia, are passing laws whenever neces-
sary for the strict observance of the Sabbath.
What kind of an example are we setting in this
high place in desecrating God's holy day, by this
work brought on by ourselves, in consequence of
talking instead of acting during a long session?
We desecrate the Lord's day by unnecessary sec-
ular business, and in the most public and authori-
tative manner. This is throwing contempt on
that holy day from one extremity of the Union to
the other, so far as our example can go. We
ought to furnish a better example, and I, for one,
will never sit on that day in time of peace. I do
not say I will jiever do it in time of war, if neces-
sary; but 1 will never do it in time of peace—nor
willingly at any time. That is my view of the
subject; and the organ of the Administration is
the last agent that should throw contempt upon
this sacred matter.
But I have constitutional scruples on another
point, says the Republic—the right of sitting after
the 3d of March, at alternate sessions of Congress.
So had General Jackson, so had Mr. Polk. And
for this reason I believe the term of Congress ex-
pires on the 3d of March. And why is it said
you can prolong it until noon of the 4th ? Because
General Washington was at that hour inaugura-
ted; I take it that there is no fraction of a day.
I take it that General Washington's term com-
menced with the 4th, but that his power to exe-
cute the duty of the office commenced only with
his qualification. General Taylor's term com-
menced on Sunday, though he was not sworn in
until Monday. He had just as much right to be
sworn in at one o 'clock in the morning of Mon-
day, as he had at ten, eleven, or twelve o'clock,
and then this strange anomaly would result, that
we should have two Presidents from the time the
ne\® one is sworn in until twelve—two lawful
Presidents of the United States. For I take it for
granted that the same rule of construction is as
applicable to the President as to Congress. Who
ever drew pay for half a day ? Our pay, and we
all know it, terminates on the 3d of March. How
do you break the calendar and legal day, and run
into the 4th ? These are my constitutional scru-
Fles, not got up now, but stated two years ago.
will not argue them. I repeat, that to my
knowledge both General Jackson and Mr. Polk
had the same difficulties, and yielded with much
reluctance to what appeared a necessity, not de-
pending on their action.
And as a mere question of expediency, it is
wholly useless to prolong the regular time of sit-
ting by the addition of half a day or a whole day,
or any number of days, because whatever time
you fix, it will find us just as unprepared as any
