414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10.
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
other period would, and we are quite as likely to
be ready at the regular constitutional time, mid-
night, as we shall be at the senatorial time, mid-
day. We shall prepare ourselves for one or the
other, as we find either is inflexible.
One other word. This is a small game, very
small. Here is a prominent organ of a great Ad-
ministration, acting under their eyes. I do not
believe the Administration desires such small at-
tacks as these. I will not do them that injustice.
But what I do not believe, thousands and hundreds
of thousands through the country, who do not
know the men that compose the Cabinet as well as
I do, will believe. They will not doubt that it is
an attack, not on me—I am nothing—but intended
to injure the great Democratic party, with whose
confidence I have been honored on one occasion,
and which I mean to go down to my grave without
violating. This Administration has placed itself
high in the great work of pacifying the country,
and thev have received the meed of approbation
from political friends and political foes. I partake
of the same sentiment. I do them justice. But 1
am a Democrat. I have passed my life as a Dem-
ocrat, and, God willing, I mean to die one. This
is a Whig Administration, but that is no reason I
should not do them justice, and I do it with pleas-
ure, in this great matter of the salvation of this
country, if I may so say. 1 have done so, and
shall continue to do so, whatever sneers their pa-
Eers may contain; for I do it not for their sakes,
ut for the sake of truth and the country.
Mr. President, it is not with any view to attack
them, or to conciliate them, that I make these re-
marks; for upon all the party issues we are as far
asunder as ever. But I do not wish to have my
views misrepresented upon this subject, in a jour-
nal thus situated, without contradiction; for these
views are as plain as the words of General Jackson
can make them, and he that can find plainer than
were employed in his message, let them be pro-
duced.
As to " noise and confusion," as I observed be-
fore, I can never advert to this absurd charge with-
out laughter. I am sure the Senate will do me the
justice—I am sure my friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] whom I am proud to call my friend,
will do me the justice to say, I have never alluded
to it but in the very best humor.
Mr. BADGER. I do, fully and entirely.
Mr. CASS. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] to whom also I feel
friendly, notwithstanding he is on the wrong side,
very much on the wrong side, will do me the same
justice; for he and I have exhibited an equal por-
tion of good humor in these cases of suffering.
That is about all I have to say. I leave the mat-
ter, satisfied with the silent evidence furnished by
the Senate and bid good-bye to noise and. confu-
sion.
One word more. Any editor of a paper who
believes what is here said is unfit for his position,
for the want of mental qualification. If he does
not believe it, and yet asserts it, he is unfit, for the
want of moral qualifications. Whether it is one
or both, or either, in which he is deficient, I have
no wish to ascertain.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. RHETT. I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to a communication of the Senator
from Texas [Mr. Houston] concerning the State
which I have the honor in part to represent on this
floor; and as I believe it contains a great nunroer
of misstatements, I think proper to bring it before
the Senate, at this central place of public opinion
and public information, in order that the truth
may go out as wide as possible, at least as wide as
the errors which the Senator from Texas has com-
mitted. I will read from the Union newspaper,
which I hold in my hand.
The PRESIDENT. Is it a personal explana-
tion which the Senator wishes to make?
Mr. RHETT. It is concerning the State I
represent, and I hope the Senate will indulge me
in the attempt to defend her and vindicate the
truth.
Several Senators. Certainly; go on.
Mr. RHETT. Here is aletterlfind in theUnion
of yesterday morning, addressed to General Ham-
ilton, signed by the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
H obit on.] Concerning the general matter* of
correspondence and argument between them, I have
nothing to do. My object is simply to correct
certain errors of fact made by the Senator from
{ Texas with respect to the State I represent.
Here are certain words used by that Senator:
"There is one significant fact, which should be stated in
speakmgof South Carolina, that throws a flood of light on
her political character and institutions. That is this: Her
constitution is obviously fashioned upon an anstocratie
model. The people, as such, have very little control of
affairs. No man can vote who does not own fifty acres of
land or the equivalent, or pay a high tax. No man can be
a member of the Legislature whose freehold is not worth
one hundred and fifty pounds sterling clearof debt, or be the
Governor with less than fifteen hundred pounds sterling
free of debt. The elections are all confined to members of
tlie Legislature. That body elects or appoints all the offi-
cers ot any grade, from the Governor down to the aheufts
and parish judges. The Legislature elects the Senators of
the United States, electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, and can change or amend the constitu-
tion when it sees tit. The government is a complete oli-
garchy—even more so than in Rhode Island undents royal
charter. One of the Mvo facts must tie evident: the people
have no genuine spirit of freedom, or they would not have
submitted so long to this oppressive dominion of mere
wealth. In no ofherState would it have been tolerated so
tamely. ]n Rhode Island they have turned when trodden
upon, but in South Carolina they seem to weai their chains
without a murmur. And yet the self-constituted leaders of
her councils have the cooi impudence to designate others
as " submissionists." These descendants of the Hugue-
nots and Cavaliers have peculiar notions of freedom—pre-
cisely the notions that would fit them for a snug little inon-
archv, if they could nullity the laws and Constitution of the
Federal Government, or secede from the Confederacy.
This state of tilings clearly proves that, of all men in the
world, the good people of the Palmetto State are the best |
adapted to faction and discord."
Now, here are a tissue of untruths—I do not
say deliberate—contained in this extract concern-
ing the people of South Carolina. They are
charged as being an oligarchy in government.
The first fact alleged to support this assertion is
that "the people, as such, have very little control
of affairs. No mail can vote who does not own
fifty acres of land or its equivalent, or pay a high
tax." That is untruth number one. It is an as- j
sertion utterly destitute of any foundation. Sir, !
for forty years universal suffrage has existed ill j
the State of South Carolina. All that is required
is, that the voter should be a white man, and be
six months a resident in the election district. If
the Senator had been solicitous to know the truth,
he could have obtained a copy of the constitution
of South Carolina at any bookstore in the city. I
have it here before me.
I go on to number two. The Senator says:
" No man can be a member of the Legislature
whose freehold is not worth one hundred and fifty
pounds sterling, clear of debt." This is pretty
good for the Senator. It is partially the truth.
The constitution provides that any one who owns
ten slaves and five hundred acres of land may also i
be a legislator, whether he is in debt or not.
Number three. " The elections are all confided
to members of the Legislature." This is untrue.
The elections confided to the Legislature are those
of the executive and the judiciary.
Number four. " That body elects or appoints
all the officers of any grade, from the governor
down to the sheriffs and parish judges." There
is not a word of truth in this assertion. On the
contrary, all the military officers in the State, and
all the tax collectors, sheriffs, ordinaries, clerks,
are elected by the people. Every district officer
whatsoever is elected by the people, and to hold
these offices there is no property qualification what-
ever. !
" The Legislature elects the Senators of the
United States." That is certainly true, and, I
suppose, is as novel as it must be alarming to the
Senator from Texas; and must be a conclusive
fact in proving South Carolina to be an oligarchy.
If this fact does not prove his charge of aristocracy j
on South Carolina, he has none other to stand on.
Unfortunately for the Senator, this startling pro- ,
vision is not at all in the constitution of South
Carolina. It will astonish him, no doubt, to learn
that it is a provision in the Constitution of the
United States.
Number five. " They elect electors for Presi- ;
dent and Vice President of the United States." '
That is true; and it is also true that every State in !
the Union did the same thing at the commence-
ment of the Constitution of the United States, and
that the construction given by the fratners of the
Constitution of the United States by this simulta-
neous and unanimous practice was, that this' was
the regular and proper mode by which the electors
should be chosen. We are ofd-f-tshioned enough
still to stand where the fathers of our free institu-
tions stood, and where all the States stood at the
commencement of the operations of this Govern-
ment.
Number six. " The Legislature can change or
amend the constitution when it sees fit." The
meaning of this assertion is, that the " oligarchy"
in South Carolina can abolish, amend, or change
the constitution, whenever a majority of the Le-
; gislature sees fit. 1 have here the constitution of
South Carolina in my hand, and I will read the
precautions we have taken to secure stability m
our fundamental law, and the safeguards we have
thrown around the constitution to prevent hasty
changes:
"No part of this constitution shall be altered unless a
bill to alter the same shall have been read three times in
the House of Representative*, and three times in the Sen-
ate, and agreed to by two thirds of both branches of the
whole representation. Neither shall any alteration take
plaee until the bill so agreed to be published three months
previous to a new election for members to the House of
Representatives; and if the alteration proposed by the Le-
gislature shall be agreed to m the first session by two thirds
of the whole representation in both branches of the Legis-
lature, after the same shall have been read three times,"on
three several days, in each House, then, and not otherwise,
the same shall become a purt of this constitution."
I will add that a convention of the people can
also be called only by two thirds of both branches
of the Legislature. Thus it will be seen that we
have thrown all the safeguards that usually exist
around the alteration of our fundamental law. I
have thought it proper to make these statements
and corrections of facts, in the hope that it will
end this matter of vilification and misrepresenta-
\ tion of South Carolina.
Sir, it is not very long since the leading point on
which rests the Senator's charge of the government
of South Carolinabeingan oligarchy, viz: a restnet-
, ed right of suffrage in the people, was asserted in
I one press in this city (the Intelligencer) and cor-
rected in another, (the Southern Press.) Indeed,
I regret to learn that the Senator from Texas had
again and again been set right on this matter on
this floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I put him right on this matter
once myself.
Mr. RHETT. My colleague says he put him
right once himself; and yet the Senator reiterates
this convicted and detected untruth against the
State of South Carolina. Sir, this is very strange,
and as unbecoming as it strange. If the Senator
had any plausible facts to rely on, it would hardly
become the representatives of a State which has
been a State since but the other day, to stand up
and arraign, as ignorant or neglectful of the prin-
ciples of free government, one of the Old Thir-
teen. It will not grace that State to presume to
teach the people of South Carolina how to obtain
liberty, or how to preserve it.; least of all does it
become a Senator from Texas—whose State South
Carolina was instrumental in bringing into the
Union, and which it has been asserted on this floor
could not have been brought into the Union with-
out the aid of her statesman—to stand up hereand
arraign, and, by the perversion of truth, attempt
to injure the fair fame of South Carolina. I can
with difficulty suppress my indignation. Let the
Senator from Texas now answer me.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have, on
all occasions, and before all assemblies in which I
have appeared, been perfectly willing and prepared
to respond to any calls madeupon me. On this oc-
casion, if inaccuracies do exist in anything which
I have said in relation to South Carolina, or any
other State, they were produced in the hurry of
business and by inadvertency. Many alterations,
I believe, have taken place in the constitution of
South Carolina 
Mr. BUTLER. Fewer than in that of any
other State in the Union. We have had but one
convention.
Mr. RHETT. I have examined every copy of
the constitution of South Carolina in the library,
and found that what I have stated is in them all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume it will not besup-
posed that the misrepresentation could have been
intentional whea it was so liable to detection. Nor
have I any de b to assail South Carolina or any
portion of her citizens, though I have been an ob-
ject for South Carolina's resentment as far back,
