418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
importance of this science, which the Senator
from New Hampshire considers mere moonshine,
or something less, will select with care the individ-
uals who will profit by this communication, i hope
the Senate will not occupy its time with the dis-
cussion of this question.
Mr. ATCHISON. Here we have that same
old point again. If the Senator from Georgia be
right in his legal opinion, then it requires two res-
olutions to dispose of all the books printed for the
use of the Senate. It would require a resolution
of the Senate to say what disposition they would
make of them, after, by one resolution, they had
ordered them to be printed. But it is the common
law of the Senate, when documents are printed
for the use of the Senate, for the officers of the
Senate having control of them to distribute them
pro rata to each member, and he makes such a
disposition of them as he thinks proper. I have
never known a second resolution to be offered be-
fore as to what disposition should be made of
books printed for the Senate. Let me ask the
Senator from North Carolina what disposition
will you make of the books of some eight or ten
former members of the Senate now no longer
members? Have they no right in these books?
Have their constituents no right in them? Under
this resolution you are depriving the Senator from
Rhode Island of his distributive share of the books,
because he is no longer a member of the Senate.
I have the highest regard for the legal opinions of
the Senator from Georgia, but I do think that,
with all his experience, he has missed his point.
Mr. MANGUM. These documents were or-
dered to be printed for the use of the Senate, not
for the use of Senators. The Senate may make any
distribution of them they may think proper. As to
the idea of vested rights, I snail not argue it. The
Senate can dispose of that as it pleases. I sup-
pose the fact is known that the principal argument
in favor of printing this additional number was,
that the correspondents of the meteorologist might
be furnished with copies—that men in all parts of
the civilized world, and especially in this western
hemisphere, might make Communications to him
day by day of all the meteorological observations
they are taking. I assure the Senator from Mis-
souri that my whole number, save one, would
cheerfully be furnished to Professor Espy for dis-
tribution. I hope the Senate will adopt the reso-
lution.
Mr. RUSK. This is a small matter, but I re-
gard it as altogether wrong. In the first place we
are taking the book of a private individual, not an '
official document, and printing it. We are, there-
fore, putting him on a different footing from other
authors in the country. Then, as soon as we
have printed his book, we are to turn over two j
thousand copies to him for distribution. I regard
this as entirely wrong. A similar operation was J
attempted to be practiced on the Senate with a
very large book, the cost of which would amount •!
to $20,000 or $30,000. I think this a precedent
we ought to guard against.
Mr. BORLAND. I think I can make a sug-
gestion which will obviate all difficulty and settle
this matter at once. From what 1 can understand,
very few Senators desire to keep this document for
their own use, and I suggested to Mr. Espy him-
self, a few days ago, as a better plan, instead of
having such a resolution as this passed, to get
Senators to turn over to him all they may have. I
think he would get nearly all in this way, and save
the trouble of passing this resolution.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I havea word to I
say to the honorable Senator from Missouri, who !
seems to attach no great value to this work. He ;
seems to think it is right he should hold on to his
share, not for the purpose of using it, butmisusing j
it—for he says he sends it indiscriminately to A, !
B, and C, whether it is likely to be valuable to the j
person to whom it is sent or not. I understand
we have already provided for the publication of
this document. The question is now, whether we
can permit such a distribution of it to take place
as was originally contemplated, and as will be use-
ful to the country, or whether we are bound by
anything we have done to monopolize the use of
the document ourselves. In other words, the
honorable Senator from Missouri seems to think
that each Senator must confine the use and enjoy-
ment of this document to himself. I do not think
we are bound to read it. The simple question is,
whether we are bound, in using this document, to
restrict its distribution to ourselves, or whether we
may not allow it to be distributed in a manner
more likely to accomplish the object originally in-
tended, to wit, the public edification. Why, what
we do by ourselves we can do by another, and
what we do by another we do by ourselves. If
we cause this document to be used by other per-
sons, do we not use it ourselves ?
I did not rise for the purpose of talking at length
upon the subject, but merely for the purpose of
saying that I felt very much what the Senator from
New Hampshire has said, who has given us a
short lecture this morning upon moonshine, tem-
pests, and storms, to use his own terms. I must
say, that I do not know any gentleman, either in
this Chamber or elsewhere, more competent to lec-
ture this or any other body on moonshine and
storms than the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire; for the first ingredient, moonshine,
we know constitutes the common fabric of the
speeches he delivers; and as to storms, no man is
more inclined to raise them than himself, since he
has declared in the most solemn and formal manner
recently that his chief business in life is to agitate.
Really, I think, everything that has come from the
Senator on this occasion is moonshine and storm.
Mr. HALE. I am obliged to the honorable
Senator from Mississippi for his compliment. I
understand this book to be a treatise on meteorol-
ogy, or shooting stars, from which I understand
stars that shoot out of their orbit into some wild
and irregular motion, or something of that kind.
I suppose if that be the character of it, there is no
member of the body so appropriate to advocate it
as the honorable Senator who has just taken his
seat. [Laughter.] And if he will leave the moon-
shine and storms to me, I think he indicates quite
as much propriety in his vocation in putting him-
self up as the peculiar friend of shooting stars. I
leave the subject there.
I remember a good many years ago there was a
great Administration, which I think was put down;
and one of the arguments by which it was put
down was that it deemed it proper to build " light-
houses in the skies." We have had alight-house
in the skies for years, and now we are going off
on a Don Q.uixcte expedition after shooting stars.
I move to lay the subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to on a division; there
being—ayes 17, noes 15.
patent office report.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. With the con-
sent of the Senate, I would like very much to call
up a resolution introduced by the honorable Sena-
tor from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] the other day,
in regard to the printing of the Patent Office re-
ports. I rise to move to postpone the business of
the morning to take it up. I will state my reason.
The honorable Senator introduced the resolution
the other day, and it was laid on the table at his
own instance. Since that time he and 1 have had
a conversation in regard to it, and he has allowed
me to control the resolution so far as to suggest an
amendment. I hope the Senate will give to the
resolution the consideration to which I think it is
entitled. I believe it would not cause any discus-
sion, and it is a matter that will have to be attended
to during the present session.
Mr. BORLAND. I join the Senator from Mis-
sissippi in the request that it may be taken up.
I think it is a matter of sufficient importance to
be attended to at this session. 1 do not think it
will give rise to any discussion.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say to the Senate that
there are many Senators, certainly several within
my own personal knowledge, who are detained
here at very great inconvenience, by public con-
siderations. This resolution is one which can be
as well considered at the next session as at this.
The printing will be done, whether the Senate now
pass upon it or not, and we shall have the Patent
Office reports to be distributed at the next session.
I do hope the Senate will not delay proceeding to
the consideration of that important executive busi-
ness which is before us, for the purpose of taking
up resolutions of any character; for I am well as-
sured, from conversations I have had with several
Senators, that if we do we shall be left without a
quorum. Senators have remained hers became
they believed it their duty to remain under the call
of the President, but they will not deem it their
duty to remain for the purpose of hearing discus-
sions upon such resolutions as have been intro-
duced this morning.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say that I think the
honorable Senator from Ohio casts a reflection
upon the members of this body. We now have
but two or three members present beyond what
are absolutely necessary to make a quorum, and
he says that Senators of the United States, if this
resolution be taken up, have so little sense of the
obligation resting on them to stay here and attend
to the public business of the country, that they
will go away, regardless of these obligations, and
consult their private ease at the expense of the
country. I am not prepared to believe that. It
is a proposition so affiontive to this body, that,
for one, I must repel and reject it. Whatever our
private inconveniences may be, whatever demands
personal considerations may have, we have a high
obligation to the country to stay here and attend
to all the public business. It is not to be believed
there is any gentleman on this floor who would
be found faithless or forgetful of that obligation.
Mr. RHETT. I wish to make a few remarks
in reply to what has fallen from the Senator from
North Carolina. I am one of those who have sat
here intent on doing business. I have voted against
every adjournment. I endeavored to get the Sen-
ate to meet at an early hour—at ten or eleven
o'clock in the morning. We have been here now
for a week, meeting at twelve o'clock, working
just three hours per day. Yesterday we sat the
unusual time of four hours. We have been sit-
ting three hours out of the twenty-four. To-day
I introduced a resolution to adjourn sine die at
twelveo'clock to-morrow. Although no one doubts
that we will be able to get through with all of our
business by that time, if we will use our time, it
was laid on the table. Every Senator can act
upon his own responsibility, and according to his
own views of duty. I neither intend to teach oth-
ers, nor do I expect to be taught by others. I
think I have done what my duty requires of me,
in staying here as long as I have done; and as
other duties call me elsewhere, I shall stay here
no longer. To-morrow morning I return home.
Mr. BADGER. I am sorry to hear the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina tell us he in-
tends to return home to-morrow morning. But
he will permit me to say, that this Senate was oc-
cupied a large portion of the morning hour yester-
day, at the honorable Senator's own instance, in
the discussion of subjects entirely foreign to any
business of this Senate, either in legislative or ex-
ecutive session, special or general—time that might
have been employed in a valuable manner in dis-
posing of the business which is now pressing upon
the attention of the Senate. I do not mention that
by way of reproach to the Senator. When he
asked permission yesterday to proceed to a dis-
cussion which interested and affected the honor
of his State, no man cried out more loudly
than myself that he should have permission.
But when that time has been so occupied at the
instance of the honorable Senator, on a sub-
ject of interest to his State, I think he ought to
consider that as so much abstracted from the
time devoted to the consideration of business, and
reconsider the resolution to leave us to-morrow,
by which perhaps we may be left without a quo-
rum.
Mr. RHETT. Whether I have unduly taken
up the time of the Senate, I am very willing the
Senate shall judge. We have it in our power to
clear everything from that table before nineo'clock
this night. If we sit until nine o'clock, and the
business is not done, I will say to gentlemen that
I will stay here to-morrow, and as long after as there
is a disposition manifested to do anything. But to
waste time in three or four hours' work out of the
twenty-four, is not consistent with my notions of
imperative duty. I say I will stay here and tarry
no longer under such dilatory proceedings and
waste of time. If other Senators think proper to
go on for a month in this way, they can do so,
and perform their duty according to their percep-
tions. My notions of duty do not require me,
under such circumstances, to remain here, with
the other duties I have to perform, and I shall go.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say one word, and only
