420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
Proceedings of the called Session.
Senate.
support of his own particular views. I am not,
I hope, much more disposed to encourage jobs of
any sort than the honorable Senator, and I believe
the members of this body are not. Certainly I am
not disposed to see money improperly bestowed
upon A, B, and C. I hope that hereafter the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut will stand up
with us whenever we endeavor to counteract cer-
tain schemes which we know to be already pro-
jected in various quarters for the purpose of throw-
ing large sums of money into the hands of partic-
ular individuals,political favorites of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, who are known to be
particularly in favor of getting fat jobs of public
printing from time to time from the Senate, the
House of Representatives, and the Departments.
I must say again, what I have said once before
this morning, that I feel the most profound regret
that gentlemen now in authority, not by the agen-
cy of some of us, receive so little support as it
seems to me they are fated to receive in this body
from gentlemen from whom better things might
well be expected. Sir, the honorable Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Borland] confesses he has not
read this book, and I presume none of us have;
but he has indulged a presumption, which I deem
to be justand reasonable, that the public function-
ary whose duty it is to prepare the materials of
which this book is composed is competent to the
performance of the functions which are deputed
to him by the President of the United States, and
he may have accumulated such materials in this
book as may be worthy of publication by this
body. Such is the presumption evidently indulged
in by the chairman of the Committee on Printing.
It is on such presumption that I would vote for the
printing of this document. The honorable Sena- I
tor from Connecticut says we know nothing about I
this document; that nobody can vouch for it. In ,
other words, he presumes that individuals now in ,
power—and a like presumption was somewhat
faintly indulged in by the Senator from Kentucky—
are such absolute dolts, are so grossly incompe-
tent, are such a mass of stupidity, that whatever
they may prepare, either in the way of official cor-
respondence upon the foreign concerns of the coun-
try, or in relation to vital domestic concerns of the
Republic, if printed, will not only be wholly use-
less, but perchance mischievous. Are the persons
in power entitled to so little confidence on the part
of their political friends that we are to presume in
advance, without examination, that that which
they pretend is scientific and practical knowledge,
which ought to be published for the edification of
the public mind, is not worth the sum which the
printing will cost? The gentlemen in power cer-
tainly have a right to say "save us from such
friends."
Those of us who stand politically opposed to
them feel bound, from a regard to the laws of pub-
lie decency, and from the principles of political
comity which should regulate the coordinate de-
partments of the Government, to presume that
they are to some extent competent to perform the
duties imposed upon them, and to presume that
that which they prepare, which pretends to be
practical knowledge, is so prepared and so adjust-
ed that it will be productive of good effects, in-
stead of being productive of no effects, or of
mischievous effects. If the honorable Senator
agrees with me that we have a right to presume
that this particular book when published will be
attended with a wholesome influence, he is bound,
in my opinion, to support the proposition now
before the Senate.
But the honorable gentleman says we cannot
trust this matter to our Secretary. I can, and the
members of the Senate generally will say they
can trust that officer to any extent in the perform-
ance of duty like this. The whole country knows
it. I know the honorable Senator did not intend
any assailment of that particular officer, but I feel
bound to say, with regard to the suggestions which
he has thrown out, which might be misunderstood
if they went out to the country uncontradicted,
that no man ever occupied a seat in this body, or
in the other House of Congress, that does not
know that the individual whom we propose to in-
trust with the performance of this delicate and im-
portant duty is wholly and entirely competent to
its performance. It is as certain as the sun shines
that he will perform it faithfully and efficiently.
Why does the honorable Senator's prolific fancy
conjure up such bugbears to frighten us? The
honorable Senator says we have not limited the
appropriation. I was just on the eve of proposing,
as I did propose it in the original resolution, as
the honorable Senator from Arkansas knows, a
limit to the appropriation. But supposing that it
might create some difficulty among gentlemen po-
litically circumstanced as the honorable Senator
from Connecticut is, I did not offer it. I have re-
quested my honorable friend from Arkansas to
prepare an amendment, which I am now prepared
to offer, restricting the Secretary of the Senate not
to give more for the printing of this volume than
that which would amount to one half the prices of
1819. That seems to be his own favorite idea.
It was embodied in the amendment as originally
proposed by me, but 1 left it out in offering the
amendment this morning, more for the purpose of
avoiding any unnecessary controversy than for
anything else. I have from time to time voted,
as he well knows, and stood up here with some
little responsibility, in defence of a proposition in-
volving large expenditures which I believed to be
proper, although I knew the benefit of them would
be received by individuals entertaining hostile po-
litical sentiments. But the honorable Senator
from Connecticut is not willing to vote this ex-
penditure, because by possibility some individual '
to whom he is not particularly friendly may profit
by it. I do not know who will get this printing,
but I believe the Secretary, in letting out the con-
tract, will do it judiciously and honestly, and lam
satisfied to give the Secretary full power over the ]
subject.
Mr. SMITH. I shall take no notice of what I
the honorable Senator says about my "exploding" I
a speech on the Senate. I am not in the habit of !
incessantly exploding speeches here, or of occupy-
ing very much of the time of this honorable body.
The printing of this document has been ordered j
by the House of Representatives, and I believe a
most enormous quantity of it has been ordered by
that House. I cannot now say what is the pre-
cise number ordered, but I believe of the report at !
the first session of the late Congress no less than
one hundred thousand copies were ordered by the
House, and I presume that a very large quantity
was ordered at the late session, so that this docu-
ment is already before the public, and the whole
country is to be flooded with it. I believe that a
further publishing of this document by the Senate
is utterly useless and wholly unnecessary. But
if my honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, of which I am also a member,
had had an opportunity to make this report at the
late session of the Senate, I should have been j
willing to have voted for a reasonable number of
this document, but I should not have been pre- i
pared to go to the extent that is proposed by this
amendment. If it be the pleasure of a majority
of the body to order the printing of this document
at this extra session of the Senate, I shall propose
greatly to reduce the number.
I must confess, Mr. President, that I have be-
come alarmed, in a high degree alarmed, at the
enormous expenditure which the two Houses of
Congress are in the habit of making out of their
contingent fund. I know that hitherto I have con-
curred, as a member of this body, and also as a
member of the House of Representatives, in sus-
taining propositions of a liberal character in this
regard; but it does seem to me that the aggregate
amount of this expenditure has now become so
j enormous that it is high time for us to pause; it is
; high time to consider whether the expenditure un-
i der the head of printing, and a variety of other
! forms, is not altogether greater than it ought to be.
: It was mainly for this reason that I did not concur j
I in the proposition that was submitted the other I
! day to vote no less than $20,000 in the form of
| gratuities to the officers of the Senate at the late
, session. 1 voted with other honorable members
of this body in opposition to it. I have taken my
ground upon that subject. I shall resist it here-
after; ana I intend hereafter to resist all proposi-
tions for the printing of these enormous quantities
of public documents. The more we print the
more we may print, and the more we throw upon
the country the greater will be the demand. Wnen
I first came to Congress we were in the habit of
printing not more-than five, six, eight, or ten
thousand copies in the House of Representatives.
They have now run up to a hundred thousand,
and by and by I suppose they will run up to five
hundred thousand. We have got up to thirty
thousand in the Senate. It is here proposed to print
thirty thousand copies of this document, to be dis-
tributed over the country. It does seem to me that
we should arrest this career of profligate expendi-
ture, and I am for arresting it. As a most enormous
quantity of this document is to be printed by the
House of Representatives, I submit to the Senate that
no publication of it is now necessary. Every Con-
gressional districtin the country is represented in the
House of Representatives, and they will get all of
this document that the public interests require. I
am therefore utterly opposed to any further publi-
cation of it; but if it be the pleasure of the Senate
to make an order for the printing of a few thousand
of it, for the accommodation of the members of
this body, I do not know that I should particu-
larly object to it. But I do object to printing it at
the discretion of the Secretary.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi says
he is willing to come down to one half the prices
of the resolution of 1819. Can the honorable Sen-
ator tell me how much profit one half the prices
of 1819 would put into the hands of the printer of
this document ? A most enormous profit, I ven-
ture to say. Perhaps fifty per cent., and it may
be a hundred per cent., as 1 have been informed
by practical printers in the city. I have been in-
formed that one half the prices of 1819 would give
the profit of one hundred per cent, on the cost of
the document. The honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi is not prepared to say, but I believe it will
be one hundred per cent, above the actual cost of
the document. I am utterly opposed to any such
proposition as this. I move an amendment 
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
allow me, in the first place, to modify my amend-
ment by offering one which was drawn up by the
chairman of the Committee on Printing?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I modify the amendment
by adding:
Provided, That the cost of the printing shall not exceed
one half the rates of the joint resolution of 1819 on the sub-
ject of the public printing.
I again congratulate the country that the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut has become the
champion of pecuniary reform.
Mr. UPHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I should be perfectly willing at another time to
hear the honorable Senator. I always feel a great
deal of pleasure in listening to him; but I think,
at this late period of the session, three times on
one question ought to be sufficient.
Mr. FOOTE. I am now about to speak on the
amendment which I have just offered, and which
is a new proposition. I know my friend will al-
low me to speak on this occasion, as he has always
done.
Mr. UPHAM. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. If I were in the habit of explo-
ding speeches on the Senate as often as has been
charged, I do not think 1 would thus be allowed
to go on; but I have become very parsimonious of
my speeches of late; for, having undoubtedly here-
tofore spoken very often when I ought not to have
spoken, I have of late discovered by sad experi-
ence that it was altogether injudicious and improp-
er, and I have become one of the least loquacious
members of this body.
But, passing from that, I say again that I con-
gratulate the country that the honorable Senator
from Connecticut has become the champion of re-
form; yea, the zealous champion of reform. We
know that it has been given to us some time ago
by the wise men of the world, as a maxim, that
new converts are always very zealous, and amor#
recent convert than the Senator from Connecticut
could not well be imagined. Where were the
thunders of the honorable Senator's eloquence in
regard to the frugal expenditure of the public
money on a recent occasion, when it was proposed
to throw away millions for river and harbor im-
provements? Where were the gentleman's notions
of parsimony in regard to the expenditure of pub-
lic money when he spoke day after day—the Sen-
ator does not speak often, but when he speaks, he
speaks very long, wearying himself and the Senate,
and exhausting the attention of all who choose to
