430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 5,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Defence of Zachary Taylor—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
important subject, and I think I have already an-
swered the question. It deserves the patient and
most deliberate consideration of every American
citizen. But on this question the course of the
bold, manly old patriot is as plain as the sun at
noonday. He will leave this question, also, to
the will of the people. If the representatives in
Congress choose to pas9 a bill for internal im-
provements, he will not impose his veto on the
law. Nor will he write any messages for the pur-
pose of manufacturing internal-improvement men,
or tariff men, or any other kind of politicians. He
will not enter on a career of propagandist*!. He
does not intend to get up a hot-bed for tariffs or
internal improvements; but knowing that nothing
can prosper which does not rest in the confidence
and affections of the people, he will refer these
questions to the original sources of power, and
will sustain them all with inflexible firmness so
long as the people will them to stand. He does
not mean to push things to extremes. His ad-
ministration will neither be aggressive nor retro-
gressive; but he wilt adapt his progress to the
mighty energies and capabilities of a nation unex-
ampled in the history of the world for its advance
in arts as well as arms—in agriculture, commerce,
and manufactures.
Now, on this great question, let me ask, where
stands General Cass? I must now, in my turn,
put the honorable Senator from Mississippi on
the confessional, and ask him to illuminate my
path by shedding a little light on thia subject. I
find that the resolution passed by the Baltimore
convention in favor of the exei-cise of the veto
power, contained these words:
" Revolved, That we are decidedly opposed to taking from
the President the veto power," &.c,, &c., " which h.n saved
the American people from the corrupt and tyrannical domi-
nation of the bank of the United States, and from a corrupt-
ing system of general internal improvements."
From the statement of Mr. Yancey, a member
of the convention, it appears that these words
about internal improvements, which were origi-
nally reported by the committee appointed to draft
the " Baltimore platform," were objected to, for
the reason thus stated by Mr. Yancey in a speech
in the city of Charleston, South Carolina, on the
6th June last, exposing the deeds of this conven-
tion:
" Amongtx otber things he instanced, as evidence of its
unsoundness as an exponent of Democratic views, its re-
refusal to adopt its resolutions avowing its principles arid
the platform upon which it designed to place its nomination.
And now mark the result, he continued: After the nomi-
nation was made, a committee was raised to report a series
of resolutions. Mr. Yancey said that the committee meton
the evening of its appointment, and sat until ten at night.
Before it adjourned, the resolution in relation to the veto
power had been amended so as to show its happy effect in
saving the country 'from a corrupting system of general in-
t riidl improvements.' It was unanimously agieed to as
sound Democratic doctrine, and as a deserved compliment
to Mr. Polk. When the committee met next morning, Hie
first proposition made was to reconsider that amendment,
and strike it out. I inquired why? It had been admitted to
be good Democratic doctrine tile uight before ! The answer
was: 'General Cass voted against that veto of Mr. Polk, and
if we put this in we will condemn our nominee !
" These virtuous politicians—these trustworthy repre-
sentatives of Democracy—had discovered by inoinmg that
the avowal of a truth would put an error to blush ! that the
praise of a patriot would be the condemnation of a political
heretic!
" The vote was not reconsidered, but it was, as Mr. Yan-
cey firmly believed, because it was too barefaced even tor
that body ; and if the idea that Ca* s had voted against iMr.
Polk's veto had been thought of before the amendment was
adopted, it never would have graced those resolutions. As
it is, it will indeed become a thorn in the side of the
nominee."
Now I ask the honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, will General Cass veto a general system
of internal improvements?
Mr. FOOTE. I am not prepared to state fur-
ther than this: that it is my own opinion, which
I am almost certain is well founded, that General
Cass is opposed to any general system of internal
improvements, and that he would veto a bill
in favor of such a system. But, as I said the
other day, my own impression has always been
that a liberal system of internal improvements,
within the Constitution, would certainly meet the
support of General Cass. Now, if I have answered
the question satisfactorily, I would ask the Sena-
tor whether General Taylor will withhold his
veto, in case <f his election, to any bill for inter-
nal improvements that may happen to pass both
Houses of Congress ?
Mr. CLAYTON. However vague the answer,
!j or the question addressed to me, I reply promptly,
| that I do not believe the case will occur of the de-
liberate and well-considered passage of a bill for
any internal improvement by both Houses of Con-
gress, which ought to be condemned by the Ameri-
can Executive. General Taylor, while pledged
to abide by the will of the people, is also free to
restrain any hasty or inconsiderate legislation.
Mr. FOOTE. The question is not whether
such or such a case can occur, but whether Gen-
eral Taylor would so act in certain circumstances ?
Mr. CLAYTON, (smiling.) It is impossible
for me to state my opinion as to what the action
of General Taylor, in a given case, might be, un-
less the case be stated with precision. You might
suppose a case in which Congress, having gone
raving mad, would vote twenty-five millions out
of the Treasury when there were not five millions
in it, and ask me whether General Taylor would
: veto that. But 1 am now looking as a practical
man to the cases which are likely to occur, and I
have not the most distant idea that any circum-
stances will actually exist in which General Taylor
will apply the veto to a bill for internal improve-
! ments. But how stands the candidate of the other
side of the Chamber with respect to this question ?
Perhaps, as his pathway still remains obscured,
the honorable gentleman from Illinois can inform
me. Does he believe that General Cass will veto
a bill for internal improvements?
Mr. BREE3E. I will answer the Senator very
frankly. If I did not believe that General Cass
i would veto such a bill, I would not vote for him.
Mr. CLAYTON. I believe that the gentleman
from Illinois,as well as General Cass, twice voted
for the river and harbor bill, and against the veto
I on that bill. Does he believe that such a bill
I would meet with a veto from President Cass? I
| Mr. BREESE. I do not suppose that it would.
And, with all frankness, permit me to say, that as
I understand the principles of the Democratic ,
| party, a palpable distinction has always been made ,
between a general system of internal improve-
ments and mere appropriations out of the Treasury
for the improvement of rivers and harbors. Rea-
sonable appropriations for the latter purpose would
no doubt receive the sanction of General Cass and
the Democratic party. But appropriations for a
vast and expensive system of internal improve-
| ments 1 hope never will receive the sanction of
either. <
Mr. CLAYTON. We see, from these vague
answers, how difficult it is to ascertain what Gen-
eral Cass does or does not mean about these times.
I know that he has voted in favor of every internal
improvement bill, and against every veto of them.
Now I have always heretofore looked to a man's
acts in order to ascertain what he meant to do;
and 1 have hitherto regarded General Cass as a
high ultra internal improvement man. I have al-
ways believed that he could go further on that sub- !
ject than I could myself, and that there were some
things besides Mexico which I found very diffi-
cult to take, which he swallowed with great ease.
It is apparent that there are two Senators who have
; very different views of General Cass's opinions !
j upon the subject of internal improvement. I am
apprehensive that we are to understand General
Cass one way in one part of the Union, and dif- i
ferently in another part. He was called upon by
one of his friends at Cleveland, (Mr. Wood,) to j
state his opinions on this subject, but we were in-
formed that the "noise and confusion" were so
great that he could not make any reply, although
j he was able to tell the audience very audibly much j
I about his early history, and how he had risen from ;
comparative obscurity to become the candidate of
the great Democratic party. I am very much
afraid, Mr. Pre.ident, that the " noise and confu-
sion" will continue throughout the campaign, and
that we shall never be able to ascertain the opin-
ions of General Cass on this importantsubject. He
has written a letter approving of the whole Balti-
more platform. Let me read a portion of that plat-
; form which was not expunged :
" Resolved, That the Constitution does not confer upon
J the General Government the power to commence and carry
i on a general system of internal improvement."
It seems, then, from the light before us, that the
Baltimore convention held the Government could
not carry on a "a general system of internal im-
provement;" but the honorable member from Illi-
nois says it may carry on a particular system, such
as that indicated by the river and harbor bill,
which met Mr Polk's veto. That was first re-
ported by a committee to the convention as a
" corrupting system," and Mr. Polk was, in that
report, complimented for his veto upon it. But as
Mr. Cass had voted for the corrupting system, and
against Mr. Polk's veto, and it was held neces-
sary, as Mr. Yancey proves, not to "condemnthe
nominee," the compliment was struck out, and
this veto was not approved. Then, to mystify this
whole matter still further, another resolution
passed, " that the fruits of the great political tri-
umph of 1844, which elected James K. Polk, have
fulfilled the hopes of the Democracy of the Union."
But the most amusing part of the whole platform
is the distinction of the Senator from Illinois be-
tween a "a general system of improvement" and
"mere appropriations for rivers and harbors."
The Senator from Mississippi holds the river and
harbor bill unconstitutional, but still sustains Mr.
C-iss, who, he says, is for a liberal system. The
Senator from Illinois is for the river and harbor
bill. Mr. Polk is against that bill, and also against
the liberal system, toto calo. Yet all are on the
platform. Each is orthodox. Is it not clear, there-
fore, that the platform to which General Cass
pledged himself by his letter of acceptance of the
Baltimore nomination requires another explana-
tion from himself?
Mr. FOOTE. General Cass, in his letter ac-
cepting the nomination of the Biltimore conven-
tion, stated that that letter closed his profession of
faith.
Mr. CLAYTON. I remember that very well.
In that letter, after endorsing this unintelligible
platform of the Democratic convention, he adds,
that he will not say- any more. He closed the
door, became "General Mum," and accordingly,
in his answer to# Mr. Wood, of Cleveland, he re-
fused to throw any more light on the subject. It
is palpable that his position is equivocal, and dif-
ferently understood in different sections of the
Union, and that the platform itself is a mere
humbug.
The honorable gentleman asked me what were
the sentiments of General Taylor in regard to the
Mexican war. I think he will find an answer
perfectly satisfactory in the Allison letter There
General Taylor announces a great principle of vast
importance to this country. He avows himself
opposed to the doctrine of annexation by conquest.
He is opposed to war when the honor of the coun-
try does not demand it, and in favor of peace as
the general policy of the nation, lie congratulates
the country upon the successful termination of the
Mexican war. But he distinctly announces his
own principle, conservative and glorious as it is—.
one on which we will go into the canvass this
Fall—that he will oppose all war for the put poses
of conquest.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator seems to have glided
past my interrogatory. The question was, did
General Taylor approve of the conduct of his own
country? or, did he hold that Mexico was in the
right? And secondly, when that war had been
waged, up to the time of the treaty of peace, does
he not know that General Taylor was in favor of
that acquisition of territory which has been made
by the treaty ?
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman unintention-
ally assumes, by his question, a knowledge of
General Taylor's opinions which his published de-
clarations do not justify, and about which neither
he nor 1 can have any knowledge. We know
nothing of General Taylor's opinions except from
the letters which have been published to the world;
and in them he has given no opinion upon the sub-
ject to which the gentleman refers, nor can I con-
ceive that it is of the slightest importance. As a
soldier, his position made it improper to question
any command of the Chief Magistrate, and his
duty was obedience. It is not necessary, in this
connection, to discuss the question whether the
Mexican war was just and necessary or not. If
Mr. Polk were running as the candidate, I might
have something to say on that subject; and when
treating of the claims of General Cass, who ap-
proved by his speeches and votes in this Chamber
every act and saying of Mr. Polk on wars, it may
be taken up with propriety. But, so far as Gen-
eral Taylor it concerned, the question has passed
