1848.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Defence of Zachary Taylor—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
away with the war, in which he did his whole duly!
If he announces himself distinctly opposed to ac-
quisition by conquest hereafter, the question as to
the justice of the Mexican war, so far as he is
concerned, ceases to have the least importance
with men of any party in the Presidential cam-
paign.
General Taylor has done more to terminate the
war than any fifty Democrats in this nation. Even
the Baltimore convention, in the midst of all its
party action, has not hesitated to introduce an ac-
knowledgment that General Taylorand his gallant
army, with the other American armies, have done
everything-that could have been done for the honor
and the glory of the country. The platform says
that they " have carried the arms of the nation into
Mexico, crowning it with imperishable glory;"
that "their unconquerable courage, their daring
' enterprise, their unfaltering perseverance and for-
* titude when assailed on all sides by innumerable
' foes, and that more formidable enemy the dis-
' eases of the climate, exalt their devoted patri-
'otism into the highest heroism, and give them
' a right to the profound gratitude of their country
' and the admiration of the world."
General Taylor was not a candidate when this
resolution was adopted. They thought, perhaps,
that General Taylor would not be nominated; but
they did justice to the gallant veteran. And 1 hope
that at this moment the Democracy of the Union
are prepared to unite with the honorable gentle-
man from Mississippi in eulogiums upon the pub-
lic and private virtues of General Taylor.
With regard to General Taylor's opinion on the
Wilmot proviso, the Senator has the same in-
formation that I have. He knows what interpre-
tation ought to be put upon the Allison letter; and
1 hope General Taylor may never assume the alti-
tude of a sectional or geographical candidate. Suf-
fer me to say for myself, that although acting in
the spirit of the request of the Legislature of Dela-
ware, my colleague and myself, the representatives
of a slaveholding State, voted forthe extension of
the ordinance of 1787 over the Territories of the
United States to prevent the acquisition of any
more slave territory, yet we do not intend ever to
connect ourselves with any geographical party upon
such an issue. We abhor such an issue in the
party struggles of the day, as leading to the most
fatal consequences. We look upon the introduction
of a geographical party upon such a principle as
tending directly to the destruction of the Union
of these States; and there is not one State within
this Confederacy that loves the Union more than
the smallest in population among them all—whose
lofty patriotism has become a proverb, and whose
proudest boast is, that she was the first to adopt
the American Constitution and will be the last to
desert it. No, sir. The men of Delaware will con-
nect themselves with no such geographical move-
ment. Most of us entertain the opinion, that
when the action of Congress is invoked free soil
should remain free and that slave territory ought
to remain such. The doctrine prevailed among us
at the time of the Missouri compromise, and still
prevails, that Congress should leave the territory
as they found it. We desire to abide by the com-
promises of the Constitution: in that spirit we hold
that slavery should be protected where it exists
under the aegis of the Constitution, but ought not
to be carried by us where it never existed. But, I
repeat, I am not prepared to call that a political
question; and i deny that you can call either this
or theopposite doctrine mere Whig doctrine. No
man has a right to say tha; the Wilmot proviso is
a Whig principle, or that its opposite is a Whig
principle. We repudiate the question altogether
as a political question; and I say that whenever
the members of the great Taylor Republican party,
which I hold at this moment to be the great ma-
jority of the country, shall descend so low as to
make a geographical party out of this Wilmot
proviso, with a view to President-making or get-
ting offices and power in the country, they will
lose my respect, and I think that of every honest
man. An attempt is now being made to force this
upon us as a party question by the extreme parti-
sans of the North and the South. But neither the
one side nor the other of the question forms any
part of our platform; and I hope there will be pa-
triotism enough among the American people to
keep the question apart from party politics for-
ever. For myself I am free to say, that although [
voted in obedience to the requestof theState 1 in part
represent, yet so dear is the union of these States to
me and mine that if this become a geographical
question I shall resort to the re.nedy adopted by
the men of Delaware in another crisis and in other '
days—I shall act in the spirit of the men who
made the Constitution, and compromise the ques-
tion, if I can, on terms equally fair and honorable
both for the North and the South.
Mr. FOOTE. Do I understand the Senator as
saying that he is not prepared to inform us whether
General Taylor would veto the Wilmot proviso,
as every Whig print in New England has said he j
would?
. Mr. CLAYTON. The letter of General Taylor
speaks for itself, and the gentleman from Missis-
sippi has precisely the same means that 1 or the
W liigs of New England have of forming an opinion
upon this subject. If General Taylor will write
to me and tell me what he intends to do, I will be
able to inform the gentleman. But for me to intrude
my individual opinions on the Senator, the public,
or this august body, would be folly. The Senator
will please now in his turn take the stand, and in- !
form me what General Cass will do with respect
to the Wilmot proviso?
Mr. FOOTE. No doubt he will veto it. He
has announced his opinion that ths Wilmot proviso
is unconstitutional, and declared that he will exer-
cise the veto power in all cased of unconstitutional
laws.
Mr.,CLAYTON. If the Senator is right, then
General Cass stands before the country as a sec-
tional candidate—the head of a geographical party.
I hope General Taylor will decline that honor.-
My hope is that he will never lend his great name
to either of these geographical parties, but retain
the power to settle the question without taking
part with either.
To judge of the propriety of General Taylor's
position, let us inquire how the Baltimore con-
vention met this question. They positively re-
fused to adopt any resolution denouncing the
Wilmot proviso. Other Democrats besides the
Barnburners, when a resolution to repudiate the
principle contained in it was offered, threatened to
dissolve the party. The resolution was stifled,and
the convention silent. The party expressed no
opinion on the dangerous subject—they dared not
do it. The platform they adopted did not recog-
nize this geographical question as a party ques-
tion, and this is in precise accordance with General
Taylor's position. The anti-proviso platform of
General Cass was manufactured by himself, and
he is welcome to the position of chief of one of
those geographical factions with which Washington
warned every American to have no connection.
Among the proceedings of the Baltimore con-
vention I observe that Messrs. Yancey, of Alabama,
McGehee, of Florida, and Commander, of South
Carolina, reported the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the doctrine of non-interference with the
richts of property of any portion of the people of this coun-
try,be itinlhe 8 tales or in the TcrrUoriet, by any others than
the parties interested in tliem, is the true Republican
doctrine recognized by this body."
Mr. Yancey desired this principle incorporated
in the Baltimore platform. Now, will the Senator
from Mississippi tell me whether General Cass
concurred in tliat report or not?
Mr. FOOTE. I have no knowledge on the sub-
ject. I have stated what must be evident to the
Senator, that General Cass discussed the Wilmot
proviso in every aspect of it in the plainest man-
ner, and my impression is, that his views will be
sustained by the Democracy in every part of the
country. As to Mr. Yancey, I have not particu-
larly noticed his views, but 1 think that his course
will meet the general reprobation of his party.
Mr. CLAYTON. General Cass, then, repudi-
ates Mr. Yancey's sentiments?
Mr. FOOTE. I do not know.
Mr. CLAYTON. I supposed that the Senator
thoroughly understood all the opinions of General
CaBS. The honorable gentleman has traveled with
the candidate, and was said to be a part of his
body-guard.
Mr. FOOTE. That particular point was not
started. (A laugh.)
Mr. CLAYTON. Then here is another sub-
ject about which General Cass has no platform.
Now, all these doubts and ambiguities and irre-
concilable inconsistencies come from the party
which daily assails General Taylor, because, as
they say, "he does not speak out." " He has
no platform." So they spoke of General Harri-
son until he beat them one hundred and forty-six
thousand votes. They called him " General
Mum;" and now, as then, the complaint is made
that those who nominated the Whig candidate
had made " no platform." Sir, they knew that
Washington had no platform; and they had more
respect for General Taylor and for the intelli-
gence of the people, than to put their candidate in
a strait-jacket, or sesk, by manufacturing pro-
fessions of political faith for him, to deceive the
voters of the country. They intended that he
should be free and untrammeled as the President
of the whole people. But wno is there among us
that has not long since felt and publicly or pri-
vately expressed his contempt for these 11 plat-
forms?" Look back to your Democratic platforms
of 1844. Then the Democratic convention passed
a resolution to reonnex all Oregon, avowing that
the title to it was "clear and unquestionable
up to 54° 40'." At the sound of the party
bugle the partisan editors of the Democratic press
throughout the country shouted "clear ar.d un-
questionable.'' A thousand Democratic meetings
echoed back the sound. "Oregon and 54° 40"'
were painted on party banners and party wails,
and printed on party handbills. Mr. Polk's in-
augural address also declared the title " clear and
unquestionable." His message in December,
1845, repeated the same folly, and threatened war
to the kni'e, and the knife to the hilt, against the
English claim above 49°, all the little and nearly
all the greatpoliticiansof the party standing ready
to make fight on this platform The party leaders
afterwards occupied tha attention of Congress for
six months with this Oregon question, disturbing
and distracting the nation, embarrassing trade and
commerce, alarming the business men with the
apprehension of a war with the most powerful
nation on the earth, with which we have more
commercial relations than with all the world be-
side. The price of insurance rose so hi^h at one
time that no shipping merchant could venture on
any distant voyage. General Cass stood in the
froct of the whole riot. He declared war to be
inevitable. His belligerent propensities, displayed
on this as well as on all other subjects, covered the
whole platform. I never believed that this cry for
war was sincere on the part of the wire-workers
behind the screen, though I never doubted that
the worthy General was perfectly sincere, and
was completely duped by them. I advised my
friends here to vote for the amicable notice to Eng-
land—to "pav out rope," and test their sincerity
about this platform. The result precisely answered
my expectations When we refused to hold them,
they refused to fight: and the result was, that the
whole pretensions to fifty-four forty were aban-
doned by themselves, and they fell ba:k to the
British line of forty-nine, upon which a settlement
could, at any moment, have been made without a
word of all this unjust and insolent bravado. The
platform was abandoned; those who had adhered
to it most violently, among whom was General
Cass, were prostrated in the dust. The chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr Al-
lsn,] under a deep sense of this humiliation, in-
stantly resigned, and the present chairman [Mr.
Hamneqan] declared in his place that Mr. Polk
had, by surrendering the platform and his own
pledges to adhere to it, " sunk himself so low that
the hand of resurrection could never reach him."
When put to the test, Mr. Polk treated the whole
platform of 54° 40" with contempt, and gave up
the whole country above 49°.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) He was wise, and
acted by the advice of the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. Oh, yes! he was wise. The
folly was in having a platform! In this case, an
irresponsible cabal called a convention, like the last
one at Baltimore, many of the members of which
were appointed at a tavern or at a cross-roads
meeting, assembled and assumed the duty of di-
recting and controlling the whole legislation of
Congress on questions of peace and war. They
did not devote ten minutes to the title to Oregon,
which they decided, and not one out of fifty of
th*m had ever read or known anything about it.
