432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 3,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Review of the "Democratic Platform8fC.—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
The platform thus formed deeply endangered the
peace of fifty millions of human beings. We
were at one time, by all the blundering and blus-
tering of the Administration, driven within an inch
of a war with England.
There was another platform—that made by the
famous Kane letter. In that precious document,
your President, according to the construction of
some, avowed himself to be in favor of the tariff,
and according to that of others, opposed to it.
Unquestionably the mass of the people in the
northern States believed that in that letter he
avowed himself to be a friend of the tariff. It is
as true as Scripture, that in the State of Pennsyl-
vania and other States at the North, the flags were
flying with the inscription, " Polk, Dallas, and
the tariff of ' 42;" and when we assailed those
who practiced these impositions on the people, as
we repeatedly did, and accused them of duplicity,
the reply was, on all occasions, " we are the true
champions of the tariff of142," and in proof of the
assertion we were referred to the Democratic vote
in the other House without which the bill of 1842
eould not have passed, and told that therefore
the Democrats were entitled to the whole merit of
the measure. Now again the politicians have pub-
lished one life of General Cass to suit the North
and another to suit the Sojith, in regard to the
Wilmot proviso. Thus, by platforms, they ever
palter with us in a double sense—" keep the word
of promise to the ear, but break it to the hope"—
at one time deluding our honest people into a vote
for Mr. Polk which he never could have received
had he then avowed himself to be what he has
since proved to be—the champion of free trade; and
at another, representing General Cass as a man of
northern principles in the North, and a man of 1
southern principles in the South. |
There is another platform: It is that of an hon-
est man, who says he is a Whig, but that if elected
to the Presidency he will not be the tool of a
party; that he will be the President of the people;
that he has no enemies to punish, no friends to
reward ; that while he will do his duty in remov-
ing corrupt, incompetent, or unfaithful men from
office, he will not be the supporter of that in-
famous system of proscription which distributes
the public offices of the country as the spoils of a
victory ; that he will, on this and all other sub-
jects, endeavor to restore the Government of the
country to the principles of the Constitution.
His platform is the Constitution; all others
are utterly unworthy of respect. The patriotism ;
of mere politicians, which explodes in deceptive i
party pledges, is understood to be, as Dr. Johnson
defines it, " the last refuge of a scoundrel." There I
is little difficulty in finding mottoes and illustra- I
tions to suit the title page of the whole volume of
political platforms. In the action of ^ome of the
Presidents of the United States we can find enough
to remind us of the old saw—
" The Devil was sick, the Devil a monk would be—
The Devil got well, the Dei il a monk was he
The honorable gentleman also attacks General
Taylor on the ground that he lacks qualifications.
In justice, however, to his own noble heart, the
Senator admits that General Taylor is a pure, hon-
orable, high-minded, and patriotic man. But he
finds fault with General Taylor on account of
what he supposes to evince a want of great learn-
ing. He reasons from General Taylor's confes-
sion that he was not a politician, that he is not
competent for the Presidency. That is, I think,
his chief objection. The gentleman certainly did
also find much fault with one or two of General
Taylor's letters. I shall notdeny that his letters,
like those of other great military commanders,
written in the hurry of a camp, and on a barrel, a
box, or a drum-head, have not the beauty of finish \
and the rotundity of period whic1! the gentleman
bo well knows how to give his own letters. But
for strong sense, and appropriate language to con-
vey it, no man can excel those letters of Taylor in
which he found it important to attend to the man-
ner as well as the matter of his composition. On
every court-martial on which he has served for the
last twenty years, the other members of the court,
although often scholars of high character, have
generally selected Taylor to draw up the sentence
of the court, on account of his superior qualifica-
tions. We laugh at the story that he cannot
write hia letters. That from his etaemiea is a new
tribute to their excellence ! General Cass is, we
admit, a knowing and a learned man; but General
Taylor is a wise man. 1 agree with the poet, that
j " Knowledge and wisdom, far from being one,
Have oftimes no connection. Knowledge dwells
j In heads replete wilh thoughts of other inen—
Wisdom in minds attentive to their own."
General Cass has great erudition, and has writ-
ten books. But in the great essential qualities of
wisdom, justice, integrity, humanity, and moral
as well as physical courage, Taylor approaches
nearer to the character of Washington than any
man who has occupied the presidential chair since
his day. And with regard to the champion of the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] who
has indulged himself in a sly fling at General Tay-
lor, I will give my opinion with equal frankness.
Mr. Van Buren is a cunning man: and it ha3 often
been observed, that no cunning man was ever yet
a wise one. Exception is taken to Taylor's
qualifications, because he has been compelled, in
his country's service, to pay more attention to the
cartridge than the ballot box; and in his letters has
modestly expressed his own diffidence of his abil-
ity to discharge the duties of President of the
United States. But let me call the attention of the
Senate to what General Washington said of him-
self in his inaugural address. He says to Con-
gress:
" The magnitude and difficulty of the trust to which the
voice of my country called me, being sufficient to awaken
in the wisest and most experienced of her citizens a dis-
trustful scrutiny into Ins qualifications, couid not but over-
whelm with despondency one who, in inheriting inferior
endowments from nature, and unpractised in the duties of
civil administration, ought to be peculiaily conscious of his
own deficiencies."
Taylor is the man of modern times who has*ri- !
valed this admirable modesty, and his friends, ho i
far from regarding it as a fault, view it as one of '
the brightest among the features which adorn his
heroic character. If Taylor has stultified himself
by that confession to which the honorable Senator
has referred, the wisest, the purest, and the greatest
of all American Presidents had taught him by
his example.
Mr. President, a paper is put into my hands,
which I am requested to read to the Senate. In
1840, General Harrison was charged by our oppo-
nents with the high crime of having signed a law j
about fifty years ago, while Governorof the North-
west Territory, for selling poor white men into j
bondage. That, if I understood it, was a law to ;
punish crime. It is a fair reprisal on an enemy that [
could make such a charge, to refer them now to a
law, signed by their present candidate while Gov- |
ernor of Michigan, of so late a date as the 27th of |
June, 1818. The law, which the Senator from i
Michigan [Mr. Pelch] will acknowledge to be I
an authentic copy from the territorial statutes of :
Michigan, is in the following words: j|
" An Act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons ''
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Governor and Judges of the [
Territory of Michigan^ That any justice of the peace, on con-
viction, may sentence any vagrant, lewd, idle or disoiderly
person*, stubborn servants, common drunkards, common
night-walkers, pilferers, or any persons wanton or licentious
in speech, any person of indecent behavior, common railers :
or brawlers, such as neglect their calling and employment, !
misspend what they earn and do not provide for themselves i
or families, to be whipped not exceeding ten stripes, or to be j
delivered over to any constable, to be employed in labor not '
exceeding three months, by such constable to be hired out \
for the best wages that can be procured: the proceeds of |
which to he applied to the use of the poor of the couuty.
" Made, adopted, and published at Detroit, the 27ih day of
JuJy, 1818. "LEWIS CASS, Governor. i
" A. B. Woodward, Presiding Judge. I
T^'ory" I
This act was passed by the authority originally j
given in the ordinance of 1787. It provides that |
" the Governor and Judges shall adopt and pub-
• lish in the district such laws of the original
'States, criminal and civil, as may be necessary and !
' best suited to the circumstances of the district,and
' report them to Congress, from time to time." In ,
the year 1818, Governor Cass adopted and passed
this act, as one of the legislators over the Terri- \
tory. By it a " common night-walker," or any ;
" idle person," or any '« stubborn servant," or
any " person licentious in speech," or any " per-
son of indecent behavior," or any person who
should " misspend what he had earned, and not
provide for himself or family," might, at the
discretion of a justice of the peace, be whipped ten
lashes, or delivered over to a constable, to be hired
out for the best wages that could be procured!
(Laughter ) If the General should remain of that
mind hereafter, what a prospect of whipping and
hiring out doea it present to all who may have a
fancy for night-walking, to all idlers, to such as
may, in the judgment of a justice of the peace, be
" stubborn servants," or " liccntious in speech,"
or happen not to spend (heir money as the justice
may approve! (Great laughter.) There is noth-
ing in the old sedition law, or in the blue-laws of
any of the old States, to exceed tliis precious spe-
cimen of the Governor's legislation in 1818. I
commend it to the especial consideration of the
modern Democracy in their future progress.
Sir, I have done. Let me only say, in conclu-
sion, that I hope that my friends on the other side
now have enough of platforms; and that in future
all genuine Republicans may rally together under
the standard of Taylor, which is wide enough and
broad enough to protect and shelter every true
friend of his country, whether a native or a natu-
ralized citizen, no matter what may have been his
party designation. Let all such men stand up
boldly together in the battle for the rights of man
as secured to us by the great charter of American
freedom, the Constitution of oyr country, and the
Republican Party of the country may triumph
overall opposition from the self-styled Democracy,
to the end of time.
REVIEW OF THE "DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM," kc.
SPEECH OF MR. MANGUM,
of north carolina,
In the Senate, July 3, 1848.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the re«-
olution passed by the House of Representatives, fixing a day
for the adjournment of Congress—
Mr. MANGUM said:
When this question was last before the Senate,
it will be remembered that the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, abandoning the tone and character of the
debate, which had been concise, business-like, and
strictly confined to to the consideration of the most
appropriate day to adjourn, having reference to
the state of the business before Congress, gave an
entirely new direction to it, and pushed insinua-
tions quite offensive to the self-respect of those to
whom they might be supposed to apply.
Although extremely anxious to avoid any dis-
cursive and desultory discussion, touching mere
party questions and the position and views of
presidential candidates, yet I was constrained to
deny promptly and peremptorily that the Whig
party, or that I as one of that party, was unwill-
ing to meet any question pending before Congress.
It will be remembered that the Senator from Mis-
sissippi at once exempted me from the category
of timid and shrinking Whigs, who were unwill-
ing to face all their responsibilities, but still per-
sisted in the justice of his insinuation against
others, and entered upon a wideand extended field
of aggressive party debate, and, by a series of in-
terrogatories addressed to me personally, thrown
out with a somewhat triumphant air, fastened
upon me this discussion, tohich I could not have
avoided, without seeming to shrink from an investi-
gation of Whig principles and Whig pretensions.
I regret that this subject has been called up so
early to-day, and before the Senator from Missis-
sippi has taken his seat, because it will be remem-
bered that when I gave way on a former day, at a
late hour, for adjournment, 1 was in the course of
presenting a series of interrogatories to the honor-
able Senator; and whether ihose questions con-
tained matter somewhat embarrassing, or whether
the gentleman was taken somewhat by surprise, or
whether he was not in hisu3ual frank and commu-
nicative vein, I certainly received very little light
from his answers; they were, to my mind, wholly
inexplicit and unsatisfactory. I had hoped that if
the honorable Senator were in his place, after the
lapse of several days of consideration and inquiry,
he might have found himself enabled to relieve me
from this course of interrogation, which is some-
what troublesome to myself and annoying to the
Senate, although the result of such questioning
may prove of some interest to the country. After
having given explicitly and frankly all the infor-
mation that 1 possessed in regard to the views of
General Taylor upon various subjects, I thought
