436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 3,
30th Cong 1st Sess. Review of the "Democratic Platform&fc.—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
great and absorbing question, thatsome, in the ex-
cess of their alarms, imagine may shake the pillars
of the Union. It cannot be so. The purpose
must have been sinister—a fraud was meditated.
[Note bt Mr. Mangum.—It is curious that a
circumstance purely accidental led to a complete
detection and thorough exposure of this audacious
fraud. Mr. M. presented two pamphlet "Lives" of
General Cass, identical, word for word alike, ex-
cept on the eighth and last page. One of these, of
the March edition, represented General Cass on the
last page as thoroughly opposed to the " Wilmot
proviso;" the other, of the June edition, had not
one word on the last page on the subject of the
" Wilmot proviso." At this point Mr. Hanne-
gan interposed for explanation, at the instance
of two members of the Democratic committee,
(Messrs. Bayly, of Virginia, and Cobb, of Geor-
gia,) who had charge of, and therefore knew, or !
were supposed to know, all the matter printed by
the Democratic party for public circulation. His
explanation was, that it was deemed proper to
present General Cass's views on the late French |
revolution, as well as other matter, in the June!
edition; that the pamphlet could not be extended
beyond eight pages without an increase of cost;
that something had to be excluded, and in that
way this " Wilmot proviso" matter was ex-
cluded from the June edition to make room for the
new matter. When this explanation, lame and
unsatisfactory as many deemed it, was about to
have its proper effect, another pamphlet was pro-
duced of the June edition, containing on the last
page the whole of the matter on the " Wilmot pro-
viso." The exposure was complete. It was now
apparent that the explanation entirely failed, and j
that the Jane edition had two feces—one looking
lovingly to the South, and the other with stern coun-
tenance to the North. Mr. Hannegan abandoned !
the case, and in high scorn and detestation de-
nounced the fraud and its authors as unprincipled
and villainous, but expressing his entire conviction
that none of his Congressional friends either knew
or had any agency in it.]
To shake the pillars of the Union! The "Wil- ;
mot proviso" to shake the pillars of the Union!
I feel no such apprehension. These fears are idle; i
they are rediculous. This Union, thank God, is
not in the keeping of ambitious political aspirants
or of disappointed politicians. This great work
of Washington and his compatriots—the ark of
our safety, sprinkled with the best blood of the
Revolution, consecrated in the affections of our
countrymen—this Union, in its strength and its
grandeur, will repose upon the hearts of twenty
millions of freemen; and when factionists, agita- I
tors, and conspirators shall assail it, will remain ]
as firmly and quietly seated on its foundation as
do the eternal Alleghanies in the midst of a tran- j
sient summer tempest.
Sir, I am a southern man, identified with south-
ern institutions; I take a common destiny with my
countrymen, whether for weal or for wo; I would
live or I would die, as I trust, by the side of my
countrymen upon a proper occasion; but as to this
" Wilmot proviso," as a practical question, I re-
gard it as of exceedingly slight importance. 1 stand
by the rights of the South; I repel this " proviso,"
as implying an offensive disparagement: I resist it,
as having no warrant in the Constitution, in good
faith, or in equal justice. But what is it, after
all? Of what practical importance is it ? Where
can it apply, to the real detriment of southern inter-
ests? Can New Mexico become a slaveholding
country? A succession of bleak and sterile hills
and volcar.ic mountains—fit only for pastoral life
or mining operations—with no land for cultivation
save only the narrow valley of the Rio Grande,
which winds its way as a riband amongst rocks,
barren hills, and rueged and bare volcanic moun-
tains; and that valley packed with a population for
two hundred years beyond the capacity of the soil
to support but for the flocks and herds that wan-
der and browze among the hills and mountains.
Sir, talk not of periling this Union for New Mex-
ico, or the whole of Mexico, or the whole wide
world. This, the home of our fathers, great, free,
and happy—our own happy home—the home we
would transmit to our children—to peril this; and
for what? For lands that no wise man desired.
No, sir; 1 had rather see New Mexico and Califor-
nia ingulfedby an earthquake, relroceded to Santa
Anna, or held in independence by its own degen-
erate population; I had rather see any or all of
these than to disturb deeply the harmony of this
Union. Our first duty is at home; our mission is
" to promote the general welfare, to form a more
peifect Union, and to secure the blessings of lib-
erty to ourselves and our posterity." To peril
this Union! To destroy it! It cannot be done.
I have an abiding, never-failing confidence in the
virtue, good sense, and patriotism of our people to
defend and preserve it against all its enemies, for-
eign or domestic. Sir, what virtuous man who
loves his country, and is proud of its glories and
renown, could suffer that image of its greatness
that he bears about with him in his heart to be
dashed to the earth as a mirror, and shivered to
pieces, each fragment reflecting but the broken
fragments of divisions, sections, and States of this
once glorious arid happy Republic? None, not
one; for all the broad lands that all the empires of
all the earth could give him. But, sir, I quit this
topic. I had no idea of touching it. My busi-
ness just now is with much smaller things: " de
minimus" I talk.
Well, sir, there was another question I asked
the other day. I got no answer—none that I
could understand. 1 asked what were Mr. Case's
views on the subject of internal improvement?
Mr. HANNEGAN. What are General Tay-
lor's views on that subject?
Mr. MANGUM. General Taylor will leave
that subject to the wisdom and sound discretion of
Congress. I propounded the interrogatory the
other day to the Senator from Mississippi: What
would General Cass do with the river and harbor
bill ? 1 suppose Mr. Cass is in quite a dilemma,
i I believe he has uniformly voted for all the inter-
j nal improvement bills. If 1 am in error, 1 beg his
1 friends to correct me. He certainly voted for that
harbor bill which met Mr. Polk's veto. But then
he was free—he was not in chains; he had not
; voluntarily assumed the fetters of the Baltimore
platform. What would he do now with that bill;
or, rather, what could he do ? In the platform 1
find the following canon:
; "That the Constitution does not confer on the General
I Government the power to commence and carry 011 a general
system of internal improvements."
This, like the rest of that inimitable platform,
is quite general,and indefiniteenough;but,unfortu-
nately for Mr. Cass, Mr. Polk, who gave in his
adhesion to this article, has given his exposition of
it by vetoing the harbor bill that Mr. Cass voted
for. Notwithstanding great and extensive clamor
against Mr. Polk's veto, the Baltimore Convention
readopted this canon, and approved by resolution j
Mr. Polk's eonduct. Mr. Cass has given in his
adhesion to this creed; and now what can he do?
i Of course, in like case, exactly what Mr. Polk did.
| 1 trust this is not a case where Mr. Cass, by vir-
; tue of his former votes, is to stand in the North
j and on the lakes as an internal improvement man,
and in the South, particularly in the Ancient Do-
minion, as a strait-laced '98 and '99 man—out-and-
out against all internal improvements by the Gen-
ii eral Government. In decency I feel bound to sup-
pose that Mr. Cass will adhere to the principles of
> the platform; and, where they are a little Delphic,
)! that contemporaneous expositions will be his
1 guides. So, if this "wave of opinion" is hard
frozen, and shall never thaw under the sun of pop-
ularity or the wooings of soft breezes, coming up
the great Mississippi and its tributaries, we may
set down Mr. Cass as against tiver and lake-har-
bor improvements.
I But, sir, these matters are of comparative insig-
; nificance. My objection to the election of Mr.
1 Cass to the Presidency takes a higher and wider
I range, and is connected with higher and graver
! matter. 1 consider him as the true representative
: of the worst type of Democracy—of that portion
of it which 1 regard as fraught with most danger
to the peace, prosperty, and enduring,glory of the
country. After ail that we have seen, who could
l hope, in the event of the elevation of General Cass
I to the Presidency, that we could pass through the
four years of his administration without being in-
volved in one or more wars? Opinion throughout
the world is in strange and fearful commotion;
portentous of change, deep, radical, and sanguin-
ary. Speculations bold, daring, audacious, are
aiming to aap the foundations of existing political
systems, and aie threatening with disintegration
the social. The power of the press, in conjunc-
tion with the example of the only really free
political and civil institutions, are just beginning
to be felt and developed. That power and that
example will go on working their wonders. The
results will be seen in the fall of dynasties, the
crushing of thrones, and the toppling down of
monarchies and despotisms. The upheavings of
that great down-trodden mass of human beings,
like the fabled Enceladeus, may, in their franlic
writhings and contortions, throw up and broad-
cast over Europe the smnke, the ashes, the fires,
and the burning lava of revolution. The first
great shock has been felt, and thrones, and cloud-
capped towers, and gorgeous palaces have passed
away and disappeared. There is now a troublous
and fearful pause in this great phenomenon. The
heart of Europe quakes in the fear of the unknown
future. May God, in his kind providence, bring
order and liberty out of this wild chaos of struggle
and of passion! What may not be feared when
these down-trodden millions shall have severed
their chains, and burst from their manacles, feel-
ing a buoyant sense of enlargement; untaught in
the simplest elements of regulated liberty, feeling
a keen, stinging sense of revenge for past oppres-
sion; and more, a consciousness of irresistible
physical power? What may not be feared ? Is
there any satisfactory ground to believe or to hope
that Europe will not, at no distant day either, be
enveloped in war? In that event, what should be
the policy of this country ? It has been marked
out by the great Washington. Is that policy
likely to be respected by the proud, the passionate,
and the reckless progressive Democracy? At
such a crisis is it safe to elevate to the Presidency
the one, more than all others, representing that
type of the Democracy ? What is the distinctive
characteristic of that portion of the Democracy
that Mr. Cass most truly represents ? What is it
as exhibited steadily and uniformly during this
Administration ?
It is " jealous of honor and quick to insult." It
is aggressive, reckless, grasping, and, I fear, rapa-
cious. It is addicted to quarrel, with strong
proclivities to violence and excess. Bearing itself
boldly, haughtily, and offensively, with a cour-
age that never quails, with a rashness that defies
danger, and whose maxims scorn to count the cost
in life, in money, or in good repute in the world,
when stimulated by passion or impelled by popu-
lar cupidity. This bold, aggressive spirit first dis-
closed itself in the Oregon controversy. Mr. Cass
was thoroughly identified with the extremest views
on that subject. The question had been under dis-
cussion for more than twenty years between the
British and American Governments. That discus-
sion had been conducted with good temper on both
sides. It was apparent there were deep and honest
convictions on both sides entirely in conflict. Com-
promise or war between two proud, haughty, and
powerful nations was obviously the only alterna-
tives. We had just compromised a dispute very
similar in many of its features with the same
Power in a spirit of magnanimity, justice, and a
sense of mutual convenience. After this compro-
mise, negotiations had been opened under the aus-
pices of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] and it was in progress marked with a
kind and friendly spirit.
Mr. Polk comes into power. He at once and
peremptorily asserts our claim to the whole of Or-
egon as clear and unquestionable. Forestalling
all amicable settlement, he takes the alternative of
unconditional concession on the part of Great Brit-
ain, or war. Every one knew the concession was
impossible, and, therefore, (in the language of Mr.
Cass,) "war was inevitable." Without saying
anything about the taste, what was the wisdom or
policy of such a course, I leave to the judgment of
others.
This question of war was settled by the firm-
ness of this Senate, and a wise policy on the part
of Great Britain. The country owes more, under
Providence, to this happy cooperation than to the
wisdom or the prudence of the executive depart-
ment of the Government, or of Mr. Senator Cass.
When the historian shall come to consider this
part of oar annate, I think it probable he may long
doubt, as many of na have doubted, the real ob-
ject* and purposes of the Executive: whether
