i84a]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
487
30th Cose 1st Sess. Review of the "Democratic Platform," fyc.—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
the Executive honm JUi and in fact meant to push
out the pretensions ha had set up, or whether,
feeling that ha had come into the Presidency with
bat little character, he meant to make " a name
and a fame" for boldness, spirit, and high patrio-
tism—relying in the last resort upon a coalition
between the'* British Whigs"and the"nnllifiers"
to hold him up and to thwart and arrest the ex-
treme energy of his patriotism,—so that, if he
should get neither war nor the whole of Oregon,
he might go before the country with high claims
for asserting all the people's rights, which he un-
doubtedly would have obtained but for this unholy
coalition. There were some of us who were de-
termined that this shallow stratagem, if itexisted at
all, should not be played off on us successfully.
Whatever were the purposes, this is certain, that
the President, when nobody did hold him up, had
the coolness and philosophy to hold himself up!
" Oh, my countrymen, what a fall!"
Let me do General Cass the justice to say, that
when bis leader backed out of this dangerous con-
troversy, he submitted with the most imperturb-
able good humor. General Cass is a warrior; and
his leader might have been, had he lived in the
days of Agamemnon.
The war with Great Britain having been settled,
this " name and fame for spirit" might be extin-
guished forever, if one could not be got up else-
where. We had exactly the state of relations
with Mexico that most favored these ambitious
aspirings. With a statesman at the head of our
Government, the war with Mexico might have
been avoided as easily as I can now avoid offer-
ing you, sir, a personal indignity. Had the Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] re-
mained in the Slate Department, and his wise
counsels could have prevailed, we should have
had neither war nor scarcely the rumor of war.
The matter of Oregon being settled, with a wis*
forbearance the Mexican matter would have set-
tled itself. Por, with all the vaunting and gas-
conading spirit of Mexico, she never would have
thought seriously of war against us but for the
hope and expectation that we would at the same
time be engaged in war with Great Britain. In
that event she might have hoped for much; but
alone and single-handed she never would have
dreamed of it.
Disregarding this obvious policy, the Executive
pushed into Mexico a minister who acted upon
them more like a fire-brand than a messenger of
peace. The President moved the army from Cor-
pus Christi to the Rio Grande. That made the war
inevitable. It was an act of war—the one-man
power in its worst, most dangerous form; and I
hold him and his advisers—the country and pos-
terity will hold him and his advisers, General Cass
as one of them—responsible for this dangerous vio-
lation of the Constitution, and for all the blood and
treasure that that war has cost our people. It msy
be that it was not wickedly begun; if not, the
President weakly blundered into it, and I may say
he blundered out of it; for peace came against ail
Executive expectation, and when, in truth, they
had no one in Mexico authorized to make a treaty.
Yet, when come it did, it is due to the President
to say—he being probably more anxious for peace
than any other man in the Republic—that he pa-
triotically, and I think wisely, overlooked serious
irregularities, and, against a strong opposition in
his Cabinet, took the responsibility, and sent the
treaty to the Senate. 1 do not desire to stint my
commendation of the course—next to not being
wrong at all, is the viitue of repairing it as soon
as possible. And here let me say, in justice to
General Cass, that notwithstanding his high war
spirit, and that the ten regiment bill was not
passed through the Senate, yet with commendable
assiduity he set about getting the treaty ratified.
But General Cass was not to be thwarted wholly;
though he had not got or " swallowed" the whole
of Mexico, yet he afterwards got through his ten
regiment bill; and but for the Baltimore Conven-
tion calling him from his post—to the loss of his
country—if the ratification in Mexico had been a
little longer delayed, it cannot be doubted that Mr.
Cass would have got through his twenty regiment
bill also.
That this war has been prosecuted from the very
first with views of territorial aggrandizement, is
now obvious to every one. If it did not originate in
views of that sort, it was continued to signalize
and illustrate an Administration that had little hope
of achieving much in the higher walks of states-
manship. Mr. Cass has encouraged, aided, and
stimulated every excess. The election of Mr.
Cass will be but the elongation of this incompe-
tent and dangerous Administration, grown into
greater hardihood and rashness by reason of the i
singular good fortune with which they have es-
caped the natural consequences of their want of
judgment and forecast. The aggressive ambition
of this portion of the Democracy is boundless and
unappeasable. When it shall lift its foot again
under the auspices of Mr. Cass, it will be planted
on the Sierra Madre, Tehuantepec, and, perhaps,
Cuba.
Mr. FOOTE. Is the Senator opposed to receiv-
ing accessions of territory ?
Mr. MANGUM. Yes, sir; I am opposed to
the acquisition of a foot of territory by conquest,
or in any other manner, unless with the general
concurrence of my countrymen. I prize the har-
mony, mutual confidence, and kindly feelings
among the States of this Union, above all acquisi-
tions made or ever to be made.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator has announced him-
self as being opposed to the peaceful acquisition of
Cuba?
Mr. MANGUM. Yes, sir, I am opposed to
the acquisition of it; but there may be greater evils
than the acquisition of Cuba. 1 do not desire to
see Cuba change its nationality. I should be un-
willing to see that great key, that commanding po-
sition in the Gulf, in the hands of any great and
formidable naval Power. It might be a less evil
to acquire it. It might be a case requiring the
interposition of all our power and resources to
prevent it. But these are hasty and unconsidered
insinuation*, and I shall reserve to myself, in imi-
tation of the Senator's model statesman, Mr. Cass,
the liberty of giving a new edition, if upon consid-
eration 1 shall deem it expedient or necessary.
Regarding Mr. Cass as restless and aggressive, as
having but little appreciation of any fame but that
which is enthroned under the shadow of laurels i
steeped in blood—seeing him always ready to aug-
ment the Executive power, even now overshad-
owing and fearful—seeing him always the apologi-t
of Executive usurpation or abuse; having seen
him for the last four years always bowing at the j
footstool of power; in a word, believing him as
yielding to power as he is unsteady in his policy t
and opinions—I should regard his election, which j
nobody now expects, as a great national blunder,
perchance catastrophe. A race of intense ambition
is always dangerous to the virtues. 1 have thought
that I have seen in General Cass a devotion and
real or simulated homage to the blunders, the
weaknesses, and the vices of this Administration
wholly unbefitting a high, proud, pure, intelligent
and inflexible patriot. I could hope 1 have been
mistaken; for I owe him personally no unkindnees,
but the reverse. It gives me pain to have to deal so
freely with his public character. If I speak in the
light and irreverent tone of mockery and scoffing,
it may be that a lurking feeling restrains me from
a more stern and burning indignation. If he shall
miscarry in his enterprises of ambition, as from
present appearances he must, I could hope that no
agonizing grief shall fall upon him to embitter the
remnant of life, such as Cardinal Wolsey writhed
under when, in his extremity, he exclaimed,
" Had I served God as diligently as I have served
the king, he would not have given me over in my
grey hairs."
Sir, I turn from these reflections, and look out
for a safe resting-place for the country and its
great interests in this crisis of troubles and por- j
lentous change. 1 think I see safety in the great J
and conservative principles of the Whig party,
and the representative of that party—I mean Gen-
eral Taylor. And here let me say to the Senator
from Mississippi that I have just read his printed
speech, in the main with much pleasure. There
were a few things I regretted to see. I regretted
to see such labored disparagement of General Tay-
lor's understanding. He writes nonsense, says
the Senator. I am very sure, when the heat and
excitement of debate shall have passed away, the
honorable Senator, true to his instincts of justice
and generosity, will regret the passage even more
; than I do. Again: the Senatoiiapeaks of a letter
concocted here, "deceiving and deluding," &c.
I know nothing of the origin of the letter. This
is certain, whether written by General Taylor or
not, its sentiments were his and published by hia
authority. Now, I appeal to the gentleman's can-
dor, to say, whether he believes that General Tay-
lor would intentionally deceive or delude any hu-
man being? Again ^speaking of Mr. Fillmore, the
Senator charges him with being favorable to the
" Wilmot Proviso," not upon any word that ha
(Mr. Fillmore) has spoken or written—neither ia
alleged—but upon circumstantial evidence detailed
in a letter of Mr. Croswell's, and upon divers ex-
tracts from divers newspapers, &c. Now, I sub-
mit to the Senator whether angry extracts from
partisan and perhaps venal and subsidized prints,
is the sort of evidence that should find its way
into this body to impeach or exculpate any one of
opposite politics—not by statements of facts but
upon surmise and inference. Sir, it is the least
reliable and most untrustworthy evidence of which
I can conceive. Libel and vituperation are the vo-
cation of the licentious press. Many an angry
and unprincipled libeller fishes up day by day his
dirty and dependent bread from the vile pools of
slander and calumny. What public man escapes
the malignant shafts of a licentious press ? If any,
he is shielded by his insignificance rather than by
his public virtues and public efficiency. Why,
sir, let m« remind the Senator, that he, too, has
been the mark for many a poisoned arrow—for the
most unmeasured vituperation. Is there any one
here who would rake into those vile reservoirs of
calumny for matter of impeachment against him—
him whom we know and respect for his high im-
pulses and generous and frank nature? No, sir,
not one. I would scorn it from the bottom of my
heart. That there are presses, and many of them,
conducted with perfect honor and veracity, we all
know; and yet we and they know there are many
others a disgrace to the profession. That great
engine of modern civilization is entitled to all re-
spect when pure, and the severest condemnation
when otherwise.
But to return: This debate of the honorable
Senator's and mine is a sort of model debate; its
gyrations, sinuosities, and episodes are without
limit, coherence, or continuity. X have said safety
might be found in the Whig policy, and in their
leader, General Taylor.
The Senator from Mississippi has drawn a
strong and vivid picture of the eminent abilities,
thelargeattainments, and the thorough accomplish-
ments of Genera) Cass in all things pertaining to
public affairs—of his steadiness, his perseverance,
his manliness, his independence of power—his sin-
gleness, and frankness—concealing no opinion—
giving no conflicting assurances—his fearlessness,
as a statesman, of popular clamor—and his abhor-
rence of being elevated to high station by manage-
ment, dexterity, or in any other way than upon a
full inspection and consideration of every act, senti-
ment, principle, or inclination of his mind. The
Senator indicates that General Cass may be
regarded as carrying hisheartin his hand,and open-
ing to the public gaze the deep, dark, and myste-
rious recesses of that most mysterious of all created
things. This picture is presented in contrast with
that of General Taylor; and this latter exhibits
General Taylor as utterly ignorant—as having no
mature opinions on public affairs, a mere soldier—
as an equivocator—exhibiting wondrous variety as
to the substance of his opinions—as having flooded
the country with electioneering letters—as a mere
epistolary driveller—filling his friends with regret,
and his enemies with commiseration—as writing
"long, verbose, and meaningless letters, full of false
grammar, confused ideas, and the most rude and
unpolished nonsense." In short, the subBtance of
what the Senator said, is, that General Taylor is
an ignorant, equivocating, electioneering character
—having no opinions; or, if he have, withholding
them, and taking the benefit of conflicting and false
interpretations—or, what is the same thing,
being "art and part" in a fraud sought to be played
off upon the people of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, lookon this picture,and now
on that. The first is the Democratic Hyperion; the
latter, the Whig Satyr. Now, my first observa-
tion is, that if the honorable Senator will strike out
the names, and exhibit the pictures simply, there
! ia not a man, woman, or child in the United State*
