1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
31st Cons 1st Sess.
The Texas Boundary—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. or Reps.
• of New Mexico, the people of which have never
'been under the jurisdiction of Texas. This to
' me was an insurmountable barrier."
For this reason—the boundaries—Texas was not
admitted by treaty, but was rejected; and she ;
was afterwards admitted by a joint resolution, i
" with her rightful and proper boundaries." The
resolution provided, that " the territory properly
included within and rtgfcfftitfy belonging to the Re-
public of Texas" might " be erected into a new
' State, with a republican form of government, to
adopted by the people tfsaid Republic, by deputies
' assembled in convention, with the consent of the
• existing government, subject to the adjustment by
' the Government of the United States of all questions
«of boundary that" might " arise with other Gov-
• ernraents.
The provision giving to the United States the
right to adjust questions of boundary with other
Governments, was solely to prevent Texas from
complaint, if the United States should, in fixing a
line with another Government, give up any part
of what might rightfully belong to Texas. It gave
to Texas no right to anything which belonged to
Mexico, or to the United States, or which the
United States might afterwards purchase or ac-
quire.
These extracts are from some of the warmest of
the friends of Texas, and prove that the utmost
limit of her claim on the Rio Grande extends up
only as far as El Paso—exactly what this amend-
ment gives to her. They show, too, that Texas
has no claim to New Mexico, and never had.
■ Texasconceded.by the terms on which she was
admitted, that her boundaries were unsettled, and
limited her claims to what" rightfully and properly
belonged to her." This, at the outside, could ,
only embrace territory in her actual possession and
occupancy, or to which she had a legal title. She |
had no tide by conquest and possession, or in any
other way, to New Mexico.
Again: this Government, and every department
of it, has recognized New Mexico as a department
of the Mexican Republic. Both before and after
Texas was annexed, we had consuls and com-
mercial agents there; the President, in 1841-'42,
held a correspondence with the Mexican authori-
ties for the release of the Americans taken pris-
oners in the Santa Fe expedition, distinctly recog-
nizing this as a Mexican province, and treating
with the authorities of Mexico. Congress called
on the President, by joint resolution, in January, |
1842, for "information touching the American
prisoners captured near Santa F6, in Mexico."
And after Texas was annexed, by which all
the territory rightfully belonging to her became a
part of the United States, our Government kept a
consul and.vice consul at Santa Fe, the capital of
New Mexico, as with other foreign nations. Until
it was invaded by General Kearny, and up to the
time be conquered it and reduced it to possession,
Americans paid duties and acknowledged the au-
thority of the Mexican officers of the revenues,
custom-houses, <fcc., in New Mexico.
After the annexation of Texas, and the same
year, Congress passed a law which the President
duly approved, entitled " An act allowing draw-
• back upon foreign merchandise exported in the
' original packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe,
•in Mexico, and to the British North American
• provinces." This act required that the goods at
Santa Fe should be submitted to the inspection of
the United States consul at that place. This was
a direct and positive recognition of the fact that
New Mexico was a foreign country, and under a
foreign Government,—a legislative act, approved
by the President, and binding upon all departments
of the Government.
Mr. Secretary Walker, who had been the advo-
cate, and had so much to do in the admission,
of Texas, says, in his report, in December, 1845:
" The set of the 3d of March, allowing a drawback on
foreign imports, exported from our ports to Canada, and also
to Santa Fl and Chihuahua, in Mexico, has gone to some
extent into effect, under the regulation  prescribed by this
Department, and is beginning to produce the most happy
remits."
Thus it is seen, that both before and after the
admission of Texas into the Union, JVeu> Mexico
had been and was a part of Mexico, under Mexi-
can laws and authority; had never been conquered,
either by Texas or the United States; and, instead
of claiming that Texas had a title to New Mexico,
and going to war to enforce it, as is now pre-
tended, the United States treated and recognized
New Mexico as a province of the Mexican Re-
public, in every manner possible—by the Presi-
dent, by Congress, by the Departments, and by the
Government, by appointing and keeping agents
and consuls there, by payment of customs and i
duties, by actual negotiations with its authorities,
by laws passed and acted upon regulating trade
with them as a foreign nation,—-in short, in every
legal form by which one Government can recog-
nize the existence and authority of another.
The United States did not conquer New Mex-
ico until more than a year and a half after T exas
was annexed; and to claim under that conquest, it
was necessary not only to take but to hold posses-
sion. This they did, and at the close of the war,
a treaty waa concluded on the 2d February, 1848,
by which the disputed territory between the Nue-
ces and the Rio Grande was surrendered; and
Mexico also ceded, upon certain terms, New Mex-
ico and California to the United States, for the
sum of $15,000,000, to be paid for the same. And
it is under this purchase, and by this grant, the
United States acquired and now hold New Mexico
and California.
By this treaty the United States admitted the
title of Mexico to these provinces, purchased
them of her, paid or agreed to pay her for them,
and took a grant from her, and holds under and
by that title. Here was an act of the Govern-
ment, not a President's opinion or the tcords of a
Secretary, but a treaty duly made and solemnly
ratified, the supreme Law of the land, which even
Congress had not power to change, to which
Texas is a party, and by which she is bound, like
every other State in the Union, admitting the title
of Mexico up to the time of the purchase, by
which this Government and every State is con-
cluded and. estopped. Because it is a general
rule, that a party who claims title by purchase,
and holds under a grant from another, cannot dis-
pute the title of the party from whom his own is
derived, from whom he purchased, and under
whose title he holds.
We have seen the title of Mexico was indis-
putable, and that the United States have conceded
this, and cannot dispute it.
It is estimated that the United States expended
$300,000,000 and sacrificed thirty thousand lives in
this war, and paid, or agreed to pay, $15,000,000
to purchase the Mexican territories. All this
would conclude Texas, if she had had a claim in
justice before; and certainly it concludes her,
when she had no claim or right at all. She, as
one of the States, is a party to all this, and to
the treaty; is bound by it as much as New York,
or as much as if it had been made by herself alone,
before her admission.
The treaty, in terms, expressly negatives the
present claim of Texas. Instead of New Mexico
being yielded by Mexico as a part of Texas, or
claimed by the United States as such, or granted
to the United States for Texas, or to be annexed
to that State, the treaty is in direct hostility to
any such claim, and it can now be made only by
violating the treaty. One of its express stipula-
tions and conditions is, that the inhabitants of this
Territory, purchased by and conveyed to the Uni-
ted States, should be protected in all their rights,
as citizens of the United States—in their property,
religion, and liberty, and incorporated and admitted
into the Union of the United States, according to
the principles of the Constitution. Clearly it was
not a part of Texas, and was not to be and can-
not be made a part of that State, unless by vio-
lating the treaty itself.
Where is there anything for the claim of Texas
to rest upon? What is its foundation? On a
void compact, made with a prisoner of war un-
der duress, and without authority, and which his
Governmentdisdained and refused to adopt. Texas
asserted this claim in 1836, a claim founded upon
this void, unauthorized stipulation, and equally
void as that. Texas never did anything to assert
or enforce that claim, and nine years after, in 1845,
was admitted into the Union, with all such terri-
tory as then rightfully and properly belonged to
her—which could not, at the most, exceed her
then actual possession.
In 1846, to defend Texas from reconquest, the
United States, by the order of the President, be-
came involved in a war with Mexico. During
the war, the American forces took possession of
the provinces of the enemy, New Mexico and
California, and also the disputed territory between
the Neuces and Rio Grande. When the treaty of
peace was concluded, the United States purchased
and paid for New Mexico and California, and they
were ceded to the United States, on condition of
giving to their people all the rights of self-govern-
ment, and admitting them at the proper time into
the Union of the United States.
The United States carried on the tear, made the
peace, purchased the territory, paid, or is to pay, the
price, and bound herself by solemn treaty to per-
form these stipulations—all of which stands in
direct .hostility and conflict with this pretended
i claim of Texas. What had Texas to do with all
this? No more than any other State, and was as
much bound by all-this as any other State.
Texas never owned New Mexico; never had
any right to it; never conquered it; never had pos-
session of it; never bought, never paid for it,—
nothing of all this. Texas did not pay the im-
mense expenditure of that war, or the price paid
for this territory, never had a title ceded to her by
Mexico or the United States. Texas has no more
title to New Mexico than any other State in the
Union has. M man can truly say that Texas ever
had title to, or ever conquered a foot of the territory of
•Veto Mexico, or ever had possession of any part of it.
And this is an end of the argument, and of all pre-
tence of right or title by Texas.
But the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Howard]
complains of the President for leaving out the
main evidence of the right of Texas, and Bays " it
is a misrepresentation of their claim." And what is
this ? The opinion expressed by President Polk,
, in 1847, in reply to a letter of the Governor of
l Texas, as favorable to the wishes of the people of
I Texas as the Kane letter was to the tariff men of
! Pennsylvania, of just the same force and effect,
and no doubt written with the same view, and
with equal sincerity. When he wrote the Kane
! letter he was a candidate for the Presidency; when
he wrote the Texas letter he was a candidate for
renomination. The first was intended to secure
the support of Pennsylvania, and the latter, doubt-
less, that of Texas.
And the Kane letter might be urged with as
much force to change the existing tariff, as the
Texas letter to alter in any respect the title or facts
as actually existing in regard to the right of Texas
to New Mexico.
In 1848, he alludes to it in his message, and
said:
I " Texas had never conquered or reduced to actual posses-
sion, and brought under her laws, that pan of New Mexico
lying east ofthe Rio Grande."
President Polk gives the facts truly. But what
is the opinion:
" Texas has asserted a right to that part of New Mexico
east of the Rio Grande," * * * " which is believed to
be well founded, but this right has never been reduced to ac-
tual possession or occupancy ."
That js, the President believes the claim of Texas
well-founded, but the facts stated prove clear as
demonstration can be made, that her claim is with-
out any foundation at all ! And this belief of Presi-
.. dent Polk is the main evidence of the title of Texas!
i And the President is accused of " misrepresenta-
tion" for not giving Texas the .benefit of this
strong point in her case. Would it not have been
J highly improper, and exceedingly unkind, for the
; President to have hunted up the most foolish thing
1 President Polk ever said or wrote in his whole
life, and paraded it before the American people?
: Would it not have been a wanton reproach upon
the memory of the dead ? and more especially as his
| belief was of no earthly consequence whatever. He
says himself, nothing he could do would effect the
right which he believed Texas had, and certainly
i he might have said, with equal truth, either to weak-
en or to strengthen it. The right claimed is a legal
question depending upon the laa and the facts. The
President's opinion w of no consequence. He is not
to make the law but to see it executed. And how
absurd to say, that his belief in 1847, before the
treaty was made or any title to New Mexico had
been obtained, was the main evidence of the title
of Texas, " and gave Texas a vested right of pos-
session"—and that is, and must be, tide, for that
, only gives a right of possession.
