446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 1st Sess.
The. Galphin Claim—Mr. McKissock.
Ho. of Reps.
cent, in commutation for half pay for life; think-
ing, as he said, it was reasonable to suppose that :
Congress intended to put her in the same situation
as if she had held one of those certificates bearing
interest from 1783. This is certainly an example
of liberal interpretation for the purpose of allowing
interest against the Government.
So under theact of 1832 makingprovision for cer-
tain claims of Virginia for revolutionary respon-
sibilities, interest was paid, though not mentioned
in the act. That law directed the Treasury De-
partment to ad|usl and settle the claims of Virginia
where she had already paid money to her officers
on a promise of half pay for life, where there had
been judgments against her on such promise, and
also where she had not been prosecuted, but where
she. would be liable according to the principles of
the decisions already made. That case was strong-
ly analogous to the present, in that the Slate was
the debtor, and not the United Stales; and so it was
in this. There the United States assumed the re-
sponsibility on account of the inability of tne State
and the meritoriousness of the claim. Here the
same considerations must have influenced Congress.
There the demand against Virginia arose out of
the non-fulfillment of a direct promise made on ac-
count of revolutionary services. In the present,
the responsibility of Georgia accrued from that
State having applied to its own use, in the revo-
lutionary struggle, lands whch it held in trust for a
Whig of the Revolution. Permit me, sir, to cite
one additional authority,—the opinion of Mr Wirt
(Opinions of Attorney x General., 568) on the award
of the Emperor of Russia on the claim against
Gieat Britain for negroes carred away contrary to
the treaty of Ghent, to show that it is not unbe-
coming a government, or even a sovereign, to pay
interest when fairly due. The award was, "that j
' the United States are entitled to a just indemnifi- '
«cation for the slaves and other property carried
* away by the British forces in violation of the first (
' article of the treaty of Ghent." Mr. Wirt de- ,
cided and maintained that the British Govern- ,
ment was bound to pay interest, and showed that
it did not depend on what he called "the striking
word just" in the award, but that the interpreta-
tion would have been the same provided the words
of the award had been "that the United States are
entitled to an indemnification." In addition to
which, it may be observed that nations give inter-
est as part of the compensation alllowedin cases of
illegal captures.
Upon the whole we think it has been shown
that Georgia owed the debt in question, with in-
terest from the time the lands were disposed of by
her; that the United States were not legally
bound for the claim, but that by the law of 1848
she voluntarily assumed the debt and the interest,
having put herself in the place of Georgia; and
that from this responsibility she could not escape,
unless indeed by pleading that the agreement was
void for want of consideration: neither the legality
nor the morality of which plea has, however,
been advocated here; and that the depredation, if
any, that has been committed on the Treasury was
the necessary consequence of that act. Secondly,
that it is not true thatneithergovernments nor sov-
ereigns pay interest, but that they are bound to
pay and do pay it, wherever they owe a debt or
claim, and are really in default for not paying it;
and that it is not correctly asserted that auditing
officers of the United States do never allow inter-
est oil claims unless expressly directed to do so;
but on the contrary, that they often decide from
the nature and merits of the case, in connection i
with the supposed motives as inducements for the
passage of the bill under whicn they may act, so
that if the first view taken—that the Government
assumed the payment of the principal and interest,
by the agreement to pay wliat was due from
Georgia—be put aside, and the question be simply
on the ground of the usage and obligations of
Government, still enough has been shown to prove
that the case is one of such nicety that an error
of judgment should not call forth reproach, much
less denunciation.
And to prove that there was room for an honest
diversity of opinion, I refer to the additional evi-
dence to be drawn from the fact of the difference
of judgment prevailing in the Department under
Mr. Walker.
Mr. Jones, acting First Auditor, on the 6th of
September, 1848, reported in favor of the allow- j
ance of the interest, while Mr. McCulloh, on the j
14th of February, 1849, reported against allowing
interest, though afterwards, on the 15th of June,
1849, he gave an opinion that the interest should be
allowed at least to 1803, having, on review, changed
his mind in part. For the same purpose 1 cite the
language of Mr. Walker, in his opinion of the
28th day of February, 1849: "My impression is
'against the allowance of interest, but there
' being a difference of opinionabouttheinterest be-
' tween the acting Auditor and the First Comptrol-
' ler, and the facts being of a peculiar character, the
' claim for interest remains an open question ;" and
also the testimony of Mr. Walker, on the 23d of
April 1850, before the committee of investigation,
in which he says: "If my mind had been free
' from doubt, [ would have audited it; and if after
'full investigation, I had still entertained such
' serious doubts as not to be able to make up my
' mind to my own satisfaction, 1 would have re-
' ferred the question to the Attorney General, for
' his opinion. 1 have heard the opinion'given by the
' Attorney General in this case, and I confess it
'has produced on my mind an impression much
' more favorable to the claim for interest than 1 en-
' tertained before. And if such an argument had
' been submitted to me by the claimants, or their
'counsel, I should have entertained such serious
' doubts on the subject as to refer the question to
' the Attorney General, and if he had given an
'opinion favorable to the claim, 1 think I should
' have allowed it." Taking therefore the whole
history of the case, it is really at first sight myste-
rious how the passage of the law of 1848, which
was the actual siurce of all the mischief, and the
payment of the principal, should have passed with
«n unobservant indifference, while the payment of
the interest should have raised such an uproar,
notwithstunding there was nothing beyond doubt
against it in the Treasury under Mr. Walker.
Yet this is explainable on the principles of politi-
cal or party considerations. The Democrats think
it a fair chance for gaining an advantage, and many
of the Whigs suppose that if there be any chance
of loss to their side from either public justice or
prejudice, it would be a cheaper escape to the
party to let it fall on individuals than on it.
There is one other consideration which induces
me to say a few more things before I have done.
I mean the connection of Mr. Crawford with the
claim while Secretary of War. I think it would
have been much better if that had not been so.
The people are very properly jealous in respect to
the public Treasury, and there is a restlessness on
the public mind in respect to his being a Cabinet
minister while he had so large an interest depend-
ing before the head of one of the Departments.
Yet the evidence conclusively shows that no one
in the Cabinet or the Treasury knew that Mr.
Crawford was connected with the claim. Mr.
Johnson and Mr. Meredith appear to have been
totally ignorant of the fact. Mr. Crawford has
been long a gentleman of high reputation for his
intellectual and moral qualities—a man in whom
the Whig parly as well as the nation have an in-
terest. With him I have scarcely a personal ac-
quaintance, and for him no sympathy beyond what
is natural towards men of his sianding. But, sir,
in respect to this whole question, I feel that, ac-
cording to my ability, 1 have discharged my
duty, without regard to any contingency or obli-
gations except those arising from it. 1 have fear-
lessly stood up for what I believed to be the
truth, ready to take the consequences of such a
stand.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be published next session, which will be a long one, for $3 each copy.
END OF APPENDIX, SECOND SESS., 3IST CONGRESS.
