THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. . ,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BIr F. & J. ltlVESj" WASHINGTON, I). O.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Slssiok.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 13, 1864.
New SEnjB8.. i-.No.. 1.
This is the first number of The Congressional Globe
for this session—the second of the Thiity-Eighth Con-
gress. It is stereotyped, and therefore the back numbers
can be supplied at anytime. Missing numbeis, containing
sixteen pages, will be sent to subscribers at five cents a
number.
The price of The Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix for this session is $5.
These works go free by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act of Congicss.
THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 5, 1864.
The Senate commenced the second session of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress this day, pursuant to
the Constitution.
senators present.
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
Maine—Hon. Lot M. Morrill.
New Hampshire—Hon. Daniel Clark.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot and Hon. Jacob
CoU-imer.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and Hon.
Henry Wilson.
Rhode Istand—Hon. Iicnry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. Lafayette S. Foster and
Hon. James Dixon.
New York—Hon. Ira Harris and Hon. Edwin
D. Morgan.
New Jersey—Hon. John C. Ten Eyck.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Edgar Cowan.
Maryland—[ion. Reverdy Johnson and Hon.
Thomas H. Hicks.
Kentucky—Elon. Lazarus "VV. Powell and Hon.
Garrett Davis.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F. Wade and Hon. John
Sherman.
Indiana—Hon. Homy S. Lane and Hon.
T1 innias A. Hendi iclcs.
Illinois—lion. Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—[Ion Zachariah Chandler.
Missouri—Hon. John B. Henderson.
Wisconsin—Hon. James R. Doolittle and Hon.
Timothy 0. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes.
Minnesota—Hon. Morton S. Wilkinson and
Hon. Alexander Ramsey.
California—Hon. James A. McDougall and
H on. John Conness.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesmith and Hon.
Benjamin F. Harding.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomcroy and Hon.
James JX Lane.
West Virginia—Hon. Waitman T. Willeyand
Hon. Petei G. Van Winkle.
senators absent.
The following Senators were absent:
Mr. Halo, Mr. Sprague, Mr. Wright, Mr.
Buckulew, Mr. Harlan*, Mr. Saulsbury, Mr. Rid-
dle, Mr. Carhle, Mr. Richatdson, Mr. Howard,
and Mr. Brown.
I-Ion. DANIEL CLARK, President pro tem-
pore,, a quorum of Senators being present, called
the Senate to order at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D.,
Chaplain to the Senate.
notification to this house.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretaiy inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that a quomm ot the Senate; h,i> assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to proceed to bu^iiuss.
credentials.
Mr. MORR.ILL presented the credentials of
Hon. Nathan A. Far-well, appointed a Sena-
tor of the United States by the Governor of the
State of Maine, to fill, unul the next session of
the Legislature of that Stale, the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of Hon. William Pitt
Fessenden.
The credentials were read, and the oaths pre-
scribed by law wore administered to Mr; Far-
well, and he took his seat in the Senate.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting of the Sen-
ate be twelve o'clock, ni., until otherwise ordered.
organization of th13 iiousr.
Edward McPiierson, Esq., Cleric ofthe House
of Ilepteseniatives, appeared below the bar and
delivered the following message:
Mi. President: I have been directed to inform the Sen-
a 'e that a quotum of the House of Representatives has as-
sembled, and that the House is now ready to proceed to
bti>mes-*.
The House has passed a t-esolution diiccting the appoint-
ment of a committee on the part oi the Huut>o,tojom such
committee a-> may be appointed on the pait o! the Senate,
to wait on the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses has assembled and
that Cutitfiesai* toady to rcceive any communication he
may he pleaded to make; ami has appointed Mr. 14. ft.
VVasiiuurne of Illinois, Mi. Gtorge II. Pkndllton of
Ohio, and Mr. Reuben E. Fcnton of New Yoik, the com-
mittee on the pait of the IIou.se.
notification to tiie president.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three mem-
ber. be appointed to join such committee as may bo ap-
pointed by the House ot Repiesentative*, to wait on the
Pie-udont ot the United States and mlmm him that a
quorum of each IIoum' has assembled and that Congress
i-5 ready to receive .my communication he may be pleased
to make.
By unanimous consent, the President pro tem-
pore was authorized to appoint the committee; and
Messis. Foot, Conndss, and Hendricks were
appointed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
350) to authorize the purchase or construction of
revenue cutters on the lakes; which was read twice
by its title, and oidored to lie on the (able.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 351) for the relief of the oflieeis and sol-
diers of the militia of the States of Kansas and
Missouri, in repelling the late invasion of those
States by the rebel forces under General Sterling
Piice, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
president's message.
Mr. FOSTER, (at thirty-five minutes past
twelve o'clock.) 1 move that the Senate take a
recess until half past one o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Connecticut if ho expects the Presi-
dent's message to come in to-day. If he does, it
would be very well to take the reccss; but if the
message is not coming in until to-morrow we may
as well ad journ.
Mr. FOSTER. I suppose no answer can be
given until the committee return. I think it would
be proper for us to be in session in order to re-
ceive the report of the committee, who will be back
within an hour, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT/)?*© tempore. The question
is on the motion oftheSenatoi from Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore again took the
chaii at half past one o'clock.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 5, 1864.
In conformity to the Constitution the Thirty-
Eighth Congress of the United States of Amer-
ica convened this day in its second session. At
twelve o'clock, m., Hon. Schuyler Colfax, the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, amem-
   'TuT-^irnMirP 
ber from tho State* of Indiana, called the" House
to order. ' ' * .
Rev. W. H. Ch-anntng, the Chaplain,' then
offered up prayer in these words."
Lord God omnrpotcnt, Creator of the universe,
Father of spirits, pourThy blessing upon us, for
we seek to enter Thy presence with praise and
thanksgiving. 0 Giver of all good gifts, thanks
for the bountiful mercifes that were poured abroad
through all the loyal States of this Union since
last we assembled in these Hallfe. Thanks for
health within our habitations and prosperity
within our borders. Thanks for the rich profits
of the harvest-fields and orchards, for work-
shops resounding with the cheerful notes of in-
dustry, and for wealth flowing free into the marls
of commerce. Thanks that Thou has(t enabled
the nation to preserve peace with other nations,
to establish the public dignity and honor of this
free Republic, and for the proof which Thou hast
given of the singleness of the will of this people
to preserve its institutions in perpetuity. Thanks
that Thou hast guarded our cities and our vil-
lages fiom destructive raids and invasion, from
the torch of the incendiary, from the passions let
loose by domestic traitors. Thanks that Thou
hast been with our armies and navies, and crowned
their heroic efforts with triumph. Thanks for
the nation's life preserved, replenished, full of
vital vigor to-day.
And now, 0 Giver of all good gifts, we implore
Th)*presette« and the fullness of Thy blessing
upon our beloved nation. Be with our soldiers
be with our sailors everywhere they are under
Thy providence seeking to guard our frontiers.
Penetrate and encircle the rebellion and manifest
the indomitable power of a free people trustingin
Thy providentc to restore and save to the utter-
most.
Be, we pray Thee, with Thy servants here gath-
ered in both Houses of legislation. Replenish
them with wisdom from on high that they may
crown a work so well begun by restoring this
nation's life in purifying the bond of our consti-
tutional Union fiom those seeds of death which
have so long corrupted it and hindered its full
free growth to symmetric power.
Be, we pray Thee, with him whom Thou hast,
acting through the people's will, once more sum-
moned to exercise the executive power of this
nation: that, reinvigorated and reinspired by these
marks of confidence, he and his Cabinet may press
straight onward to the grand duty that Thou hast
imposed, the reestablishment of liberty and law
throughout the domains of the Republic intrusted
by Providence to our ancestors.
0 Thou who hast, through Thy beloved Son,
promised to all upon earth the kingdom of heaven,
come down, Ancient of days, reign over us, hear
us for Thy mercy's sake. Amen.
CALL OF THE ROLL.
The Clerk then called the roll, and the follow-
ing Members and Delegates answered to their
names:
MAINE.
Lorenzo D. M\ Sweat, John II. Itice,
Sidney Perham, Frederick A. Pike.
James G. Blaine,
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Daniel Marcj', James W. Patterson.
Edward II. Rollins,
VERMONT.
Justin S. Moniil, Portus Baxter.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Thomas D. Eliot, George S. Boutwel!,
Oakfis Ames, John D. Baldwin,
Alexander II. Rice, William 11. Washburn,
SatnucI Hooper, Henry L. Dawes.
RHODE ISLAND.
Thomas A. Jcnckcs, Nathan F. Dixon.
CONNECTICUT.
Hemy C. Deming, John H. Hubbard.
