4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Of the United States and to inform him that a
quorum of each House was present and ready to
receive any communication he might be pleased
to make to them, reported that they had per-
formed that service, and received for answer fiom
the Piesident that he would make hisannual com-
munication to the respective Houses of Congtess
to-day at one o'clock.
RECESS.
Mr, S.UMNER. I move that the Senate take
a recess until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore again took the
chair at one o'clock, and called the Senate to
order,.
president's annual message.
JohnG. Nicolay, esq., the President's Private
Secretary, appeared below the bur and said:
Mi. President: f am directed by tin; President of Use
United States to deliver to the donate several messages m
writing.
ThcPRESlDENTpro tempore handed the Pres-
ident's annual message to the Secretary of the
Senate, John W. Forney,esq., by whom it way
read. [It will be published in the Appendix,]
Mr. ANTHONY. i olfer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Usual number of the message and
uocuineuts be printed tor the um* of the Senate.
The resolution was consideied by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move that five thou-
sand additional copies be primed; and I ask that
.hat motion be laid on the table until the Com-
mittee on Printing; what! be appointed.
The motion wax osdeivd to li«> on the table
REPORT ON TU10 FTN ANGUS.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore (aid before the
Senate the animal report of the Secsetaiy or' iim
Treusuiy on the state of'the finances; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
BBlTiyH AH) to Tfii'J roklmon.
Mr. SI] A1NER taibmifLed the I'dIIowih^ reso-
lution; which was cuiisideiod by unanimoms con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, 'i'ii.it tin' Bies-ideut of tin: United Suite-. h,> ie-
qursleil, il ui In> opinion not ineoa-i-te a w all i'ie public
to lunn-h t<> ibc Scuato any liiiounaiion u she
pos*cs*io:i ot the Depai uncut of Stale enneet nine ,niv pi up
osition or overtuie recently made by Biuku j-ulijects in aid
of tU« rebellion.
executive session.
Mr. SHERM A N. ( move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and alter some time
spent in executive session, the doors wne re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December (>, 18(U.
The Blouse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Chanxin-'g.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORGANIZATION OF CONGRESS.
Mr. W ASH BURNE, of Illinois, from the com-
mittee appointed to wait on the President and in-
to im him that a quotum of the two Houses had
assembled, and that Congress was leady to receive
tiny communication he might be pleased to make,
repmted that the committee had discharged that
duty, and that the President would send m a com-
munication atone o'clock, p. m., to-day.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular busi-
ness in order, to call the States for bills on leave.
UNITED STATES CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to prevent gold and silver
coin and bullion from being paid or exchanged for
a gieater value than their real cunent value, and
for preventing any note or bill issued by the Uni-
ted States and made lawful money and a legal
tender from being received for u smaller sum than
is therein specified; which was lead a first and
second time bjKits title.
Mr. SPALDING called for the leading of the
bi!!.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mi. STEVENS. I move that the bill be or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether, in the first proposition of
his bill, ho proposes to change the standard weight
and fineness of the coins of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. It does not change the values
of the coins of the United States, but merely re-
cites what they are.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
INTERNAL REYENUF, LAW.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion explanatory of the act entitled "An act to
piovide miei nui levenue to support the Govorn-
; ment, to |iay interest on the public debt, and lor
' other purposes,"approved June 30, 18G4; which
( was tend a first and second time, and referred to
I the Committee of Ways and Means.
i A MEN DJI13 NT TO TAX LAWS.
| Mr. BROOMALLsubmitted the following res-
; olution; which was read, con side red, and agreed to:
{ llaolvcd. That the Committee fit Ways and Mean-- In;
m--i ucied loiiifjunc into tin; expediency or so amending
the laws ot the United State? iiiipo.-i:)<j Mads on iiihent-
ance a* to excin;,t liom Mieh taxation ail estate* and inter-
e>ts of widow-' in the estates ot' their husbands.
RED 111 VIC It CAMPAIGN.
?v'Ir. SPALDING submitted the following reso-
j lution; whieh was i ead, considered,and agreed to:
I llcsolful. That the <. onittiUt< e on the conduct ot tho war
j be lnsliueied to l'U(Ui!e ItllO ll.e eail-.es ot t bedWM IOUS
i if-sne-, oi the lied over e.unpawn, nuclei Major General
| Banks, and to icpot t l heieou .it l hen iaihest eonveinence.
j OATH 0F LOYALTY.
Mr. JULIAN iminUuced a bill prescribing an
oath of loyally to all persons practicing law many
of the States tbchu'-d to be in lehelhnn; which
was lead a iiist and second time, and iclcrred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REBEL LANDHOLDERS.
Mr. JULIAN aiao introduced a bill to provide
for (he foileitnie of the fee of r< bel landholdeis;
wlii- h was tead a first and second turn-, and le-
lerred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
FOREIGN MAILS.
Mi. BENNET mtioduod a bill to repeal the
fourth section of an act to provide for carrying
the mails fiom the United States to foreign ports,
and for other pui poses, approved Match 25, lb64;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
Lured to the Committee on the Post Oilice and
Post Roads.
TRADIO WITH THE REBELLIOUS STATES.
M r. BOUTW ELL submitted the following res-
olution; which was lead, consideied, and agreed
to:
Ilrsolvcd, That the Committee on Military Allans con-
; sulet the expediency ot r< porting a bill pionihuing the
t laiiMt of goods, Wiin">, oi men 1ui.k1i.-c to any poition ot
the teniiory of the tinned Suites m po-j-esston oi the per-
son.- eimaged ni leheliion and bey and the lines ot the untiles
ot the Limed t>late*, and ol piohilhimg the sale oi any
good-, w.n c, ot met ohandisu to jiei^oi^ les-iih'nt upon v;ud
leiuioiy: and al.-o the expediencv ot .mthoiizniff the pur-
ehiii-e ol t!ie ptodact> ot ilie teintorj occupied by the lubelx
ni aims by an) peison not couneeud wait the Ainn oi
Navy of the United States, nor oihenvisc ni the seivice or
en:[)Iovinent ol ilie States, ettfi'-i upon eiedit or
by the pay ment theieioi ni money or loieign exchange.
RL'CESS.
Mr. WILSON moved that the House take a
recess till one o'clock, p. m.
On a division there were—ayes 57, noes 32; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered tell-
ers, and appointed Messi s. Wilson and Pendle-
ton.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes GG, noon 31.
So, at thirty-five minutes after twelve o'clock,
m., the House took a recess til! one o'clock, p. m.
The House resumed its session at one o'clock.
ESTIMATES FOR' PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the flou^e estimates of additional appro-
j puatioiiS for the oilicft of the Supei intendent of
! Public Piloting for the fiscal year ending Jane
| 30,1865; which was referred to the Committf e of
i! Ways and Means, and ordered to bo piintcd.
EXCHANGE or PRISONER!*.
The SPEAKER. Th«> 1 ns-.n ss pending when
the House took a iecess, was th.e icsolutton of-
feied yesterday by the goi.deman fi' in Ohio, [Mr.
Pendleton,] which was 'aid ovt r one day under
the rules. The Clerk Will read the resolution!
age in.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That the Piesident of the United Stales be
requested to communicate to tiiis llou^e, u'jioi incompati-
ble with the public intetest, the report made by Colonel
Thomrts. INT. Key of an nileivaw between lnm<>e,!f and
General Howell Cobb on ibe 14th day of June. 1662. on the
bank ot The (.'inekahomim . by autho: ny o( the War Depait-
njent, oa the t-ubj< et of tin; exchange oi prtsonoia of war.
Mr. WASHOURNE, of lijmois. I move to
refer the lesolution to the commit tee on the con-
duct of ihe war. They can call those parties as
w^nesses, if they choose, and obtain all the evi-
dence.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Would it be proper
to move to lay that motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. K would not.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Then 1 demand the
yi as and nays on the motion.
The yeas nnd nays svcrc ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
nilirmauve—yeas 82, nays 37, not voting 63; as
follows:
YEAS—>Wrs. Alh-on. Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Bally,
John D. Baldwin, ihixter. ttcaman, Eiaaie, Elan, Blow,
ISoutwe]), Croomali. Amlno^o \V. Clark, Fi eemnn Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, CiOhWell, 'J'liotnas T. D.ivk, i)awos Dealing,
Dixon, Donnelly. Di iggs.Eekley, Llie.t, Fai n-vvoitli Piank,
G.nfield, Gimtiell, Hooper, Amabel \Y. flnbbard, Jo!m II.
Hubbaid, II til bind, IngeisoU, Jcnek< Julian, Ka-uii Kel-
ler, l-'taneis \V. Kel!o<[2. Orlando Kello^c, Loan. bon«;> ear,
Matvm, MeRride, MeCia:?. Samuel F. Mill"]. Moorhead,
Aloriill, Daniel Mouis, Leouaid M\er:, Notion. <^dcll,
(.'Isaile- O'Neill, Orth, Patleib-on, Pethani, Price, Willi.mi
II. Randal!, Aie\andei II. Itiee, John II. Iticc. Edwaid !I.
UoMins, Schencic, v>cohehl. Shannon, Sloan, Smtthers,
Spalding, St .a i, Bteven-, Thomas, Ti aey, Upson, Van Val-
ketiliu:"'!, fcJIihn B. Wa-liisuine, William 15. Wassiibmn,
VYeb->tei', Wheeler, Wilnani-., Wihlei, Wilson, and Win-
(loin—HI
NAYS—Mes>re>. Ancon.x, Augustus. C Baldwin. RiooU-?,
Jame> S. Blow n, Clianh-i, Cott'ioih, Cox, Dawson, Den-
i on, I'Men, KiiL'l^h, Fmck, Haidm^', Hamilton, llfilman,
li ilhll<-'i-eh. Law. Matey. Mnhll-'ton. Willi.un il. Miller,
James R M«u.;s, .Mr.n.voii, Noble, John O'Neill, L'erty,
Uadioid, Scott, .lolni B Ste< le, Wiliiam G. Steele, Stiles,
Stion-e, Stuait, vSwe.u, J'ownsend,Wrn-d, Fernando Wood,
and Yoaman—JJ7.
NOT \ OTING— Me-rs. Jamec C. Allen, William J.
\ilen, Alley. Andei^on, Bli?^, Bovd, Hiainlegee, William
(i. Biown, <'lay. Ciaveas, Henry U mtei D.tvis. Duinont,
Ediiei t at, Ehh nitre. Fen ton. Gannon. Gnoeh. Gndei. Giis-
woid, Hale, flail. Beiyainin (J flaiti-, ChailesiM. liattN,
Hemck, Higby, ]{oichki^^,iIutehnis, lJhihp.lohn--on,Wil-
liam Johnson. Keiuan, Ktuy;, Kn.ipp, Knox, Laz'-ai, Le
Blond, Littlejohn. Loner. Mallory, MeAlli^tet, McDowell,
Melndoe, McKtnney, Aino-> Myers, XeNon, B( ndletou,
Pike, I'omeroy, I'liiCn, ^annu 1 J. Randa'l, Rohin-on, Ro«-
cis, James S. Rollins, Ro^ss, Small, Tha\er, Vooihees,
Wad>worth, W'haley, Chilton A. White. Jo.-eph W. White,
Winfieid, Benjanua Wood, and Woodbudge—03.
So the resolution was refei red to the commit-
tee on the conduct of the war.
During the call,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he was paired off wiih Air. Thayer; otherwise
he would have voted m the negative.
MESSAGE EltOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was leceived from the
President of the United Slates, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before tin; House the annual message of the Pies-
ident of the United States; which was read. [It
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the usual num-
ber of copies of the message and accompanying
documents be printed for the use of members,
and that the message be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that fifty thousand
extra copies of the message alono be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Piinhnsr, under the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER. Before that motion is put,
the Chmr asks leave to lay befoie the IIousc the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
which by law is ordered to bi* made directly to
Congress.
The SPEA TCER thereupon, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the annual report of
