1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the .
finances; winch wa* ordered to be prmt'-d, and 1
referred to the Committee of Ways and Mean;?.
report of tin: smc!u:tany of tiik inti;i:ioii. |
The SPEAKER cii.-so, by undtumous ^onscnf, j
laid before the House t he an mini report of the Sec-
retary of the in'omr; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
REPORT OF TIIK SECRETARY OF TIIE NAVY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the annual report of the
Secretaiy of the Navy; winch was ordered to be
printed, and r<«font;d to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflliinois. I renew my
motion.
exchange of prisoners.
Mr. PEN DLETON. ! desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution in
reference to the exchange of prisoners was this
morning referied to the committee on the conduct
of the war.
Tiie SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote with
the pievailms; side?
Mr. PENDLETON. I did not; and as I can-
not nmku thu motiun I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ex-
amine the resolution, and if I see no objection, I
will make the motion to-morrow.
president's message.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to reconsider the vote
by winch the President's annua! message was
refeired to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have not
withdrawn my motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed the gen-
tleman had done so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir, I
did riot. I did not yield to any one.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to recon-
sider will not be entered, it can be made to-mor-
row.
The question was taken on Mr. Wasiiburne 9s
motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three minutes to two o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 7, 1864.
Prayer by R.ev. Tiiomas Bowman, D. D.,
Chaplein to the Senate,
The Journalcf yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Willtam Wright, of New Jersey, ap-
peared in hisse.it to-day.
LAWS OF NEBRASKA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented copies
of the la w tj, joint resolutions, and memorials of the
Territory ot Nebraska, passed at the ninth session
of the Legislative Assembly, with conies of the
Journals of the Council nnd House of Kepicscnt-
atives of the saM Legislative Assembly for the
came session; whivh were oidtred to lit on the
table.
hills introduced.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill,
(S. No. 352,) authorizing the holding of a special
session of the United States district couit for the
district Oi Indiana, and forother purposes; which
was read twicc by us title, and, with the accom
panymg papers,
was ordeied to be on the table
until the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. MORRILL asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill, (S. No.
353,) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Metropolitan Railroad Company
District of Columbia,5> approved July 1, Wm;
which was read twice by its tide, and ordered to
he on the table.
CONDUCT OF OENERVL PAINE AT PADUCAII.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following: resolu-
tion, and, if theie be no objection, ask for its
present consul era lion:
Resolved, That the tfeeretaty of Wai If dneetod, it not
ineonipatiHe wnh the pub'/e interest, to transmit to the
rtf u.we the repou and eviiR-nre taken by a military com-
im-fion, oi winch I'naidier Geiiet.il Speed S. Pry was
appointed to investigate the eonduet of Brigadier
(cuil P.taje oi t;i<: United States Army, in and about
Padnrih, Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. Let that lie over until to-mor-
1'ow,
The PRESf DENT pro tempore. Objection heing
made, the resolution will he over.
SENATORS FROM LOUISIANA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will present to the Senate certain proceedings by
the Legisiatuie of Louisiana, with a communica-
tion from the Governor, which will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
State of Louisiana, "Executive Department,
New Orleans, Novemba 22, 58S4.
Sir: By the term* of a joint resolution adopted by the
Geuei :il A^embly of the State ot Louisiana, it is made my
date to ttauMvnt to th'j Senate a copy ot the p oceedin«-;
thei.-in lehirul t<> declaratory of the election of Hon
ciiari.fb Smiiii and Hon. It. King Cutler asSenators
ot th" United tftateMrom the Suteoi Louisiana. a< well as
a ceitilied copv of the joint rer-oluiscm Jt>ell. all of which [
have the honor to inclose \mi a* dneeted, to which i%
added a cop\ of a subsequent joint Revolution adopted by
the General Ac-embly aiuhoiizm" the Governor to deliver
to the fcjenatois tin ir credential.-?.
E remain, with high icspeet, &,c..
iMICHAEL IIAIIN,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
To the President op the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The papers
will lie on the table unless^otherwise ordered.
Mr. WADE. In connection with that subject
I desire to present a memorial of citizens of Loui-
siana, numerously signed, remonstrating against
the admission of Senators or Representatives
from the pretended State of Louisiana into the
Congress of the United States, and the reception
of any electoral vote of that State in counting
the votes for President and Vice President of the
United States, and praying for the passage of an
act guaiantying republican government in the
insurrectionary States, and I ask that it may have
the same direction as the other papers. I present
it now, and ask that it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pio tempore. That order
will be made. It will lie on the table for the
present.
Mr. MORGAN. I present what purport to be
the credentials of Hon. Chaki.es Smith and Hon.
R. King Cutler, Senators-elect from the State
of Louisiana. I do not propose that these per-
sons be now sworn in as members of this body,
for the Senate will be much better qualified to
judge m relation to all the proceedings connected
\vi'h the election after they shall have been care-
fully examinetl, and a report made by a committee
of this body. 1 shall, therefore, propose, when
the committees are appointed, that the credentials
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
In the mean time I ask that they he on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The creden-
tials will be read, unless objection be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the pa-
peis just submitted are copies of the proceedings
I of the General Assembly of the Stale of Louisiana
I in this election, and they aic somewhat volumin-
ous, and as it is not proposed to take any actum
upon the subject at this time, unless som  one de-
sires the reading, I think the credentials might
just as well be laid on the table and take the same
course as the other papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no Senator
desires the lending, that order will be made.
Mr. WADE. These papers contain arguments
on the subject, and I think, perhaps, it would be
better to have them all printed. I move, theie-
fore, that all the documents which have.been pre-
sented on this subject be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that the Senate do now
adiourn. ,10.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. ^ 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 7, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clor-k, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Cha.vning.
j The.foil nidi of yesterday was read and approved.
i1 The SPEAKER stand lhat the first buMiie;--. m
order was the call oi committees lor renoi!^.
E&A.BDS IN I> JUL A DELPHI A NA"VY^¥A.RD.:
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I ask th'e
unanimous consent of the House to offer a reso-
lution. ,
The Cleric proceeded'to read tbe resolution, ajs
follows: . ' . . .
Whereas large frauds'have been discovered'In the I'in j-
adelphia navy-yard, and, lurthuriiiore, many pereoiia hom-
ing important 
Mr. STEVENS. I .must object :to that,
present. My colleague will hare {his time "wtien
the States are called. .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. ido«dt
want the States. 1 am for hunting up a few in-
dividuals who are thieves.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman ftaSl
better postpone it.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Ihwresit
least a right to have my resolution read.
The SPEAKER. Not if any gentleman ob-
jects; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania ob-
jects.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. But a por-
tion of it had been read before the objection was
made.
The SPEAKER. The objeetion could be made
at any time.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Well, my
colleague has cut off the sting.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged^ ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
message of the President was yesterday referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and to lay the motion to. reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOLD BILL.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to reconsider the vote .
whereby the House yesterday referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means a bill introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] " to preventgold and silver coin and bullion
from being paid or exchanged for a greater value
than their real current value, and for preventing
any note or bill issued by the United States, antl
made lawful money and a legal tender, from being
received for a smaller sum tfian is therein speci-
fied." I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this bill has
been productive of great mischief in the brief
twenty-four hours that it has been allowed to
float before the public mind as a measure seriously
entertained by this House, And I believe that
still more mischief will ensue every day and every
hour the House stands committed to such legis-
lation, even by the motion of courtesy which refers
the bill to a committee. The provisions of the
bill are very extraordinary, and but for the respect
I feel for the distinguished gentleman who intro-
duced it, I should say they were absurd and
monstrous. Let me read two or three of these
provisions:
2 That a dollarnote issued by the'Governtnent, declared
lnwful money and legal tender, i* declared ot effual value
tot all purposes as gold and silver coin of like denotmna
3. That a contiactroadA payable in coin may be payable
m leal-tender United Htate> note-,, and that no difference
in sale or value Miall be allowed between them.
5. That no pei.^on shall by any device, ?hift, or contri-
vance iccoive, oi pay, or contract 10 icccivt? or pay, any
Tiea^im oi other note i.^ued bj the United States lor cir-
culation si* money, and deelaied legal tender, foi led than
their l.iwlnllv-oxprcs-sed vslue; and any offender, upon
conviction, shall suffei impusonment not exceeding six
month", and a fine equal lo the lull amount of the sum
specified in said note. .
6. That if anv person shall, in the i>urclm*e or sale ot
cold or silver eo'in or bullion, agree to receive in payment
note^ of eoiporations or individuals alleys than par v.dat,
lie shall foe clei.mi it to have oflVmled against the provisions
of tins net, ami ^liail be punished aecurihrijjly.
I forbear to recite the remainder of the bill. I
have read enough to show thatif it should become
a law the entire population on the Pacific coast
would be liable to indictment and conviction for
a criminal offense simply because they will per-
sist in believing that in the present condition of
our currency a gold dollar is worth more than a
paper dollar. And still further, not limiting the
scope of the bill to protection of Government cur-
rency, the gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes
to punish, as for a misdemeanor, any one who
shall agree to sell gold and receive ill payment
" notes of corporations or individuals at less than
par value."
