ivl r. BROOMA LLi. I move to refer the subject-
matter of the resolution to the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I called
the previous question,and thereforel am entitled
to eontrol my resolution.
The SPEAKER.. The House, however, re-
fused to-second the previous question, whereby
the gentleman loses his control of the resolution.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to de-
bate the Resolution.
.The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies over
aader the rule.
Mr. RAiNBALL, of Pennsylvania. Whencan
I get a record?
The SPJSA&ER. When the resolution again
comes up, if&ny motion shall be before the Mouse
upon which the yeas and nays can be ordered.
Mr. O'JN-BILL, of Pennsylvania. I am will-
ing to let the debate go on to-day if the House
will permit it- I am leady to say to-day what I
have to say.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And I am
ready to answer you.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
debated upon the same day upon which it is pre-
sented except by unanimous consent.
ABOLITION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. BROOMALL submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs bo in-
structed to inquhe into the expediency of reporting a bill
abolishing and pa-venting (ho paying of bounties tOhOldieys
enlisting In the«,«  view oi'iho United Stnt«n, and soiaiemg
the pay of soldiers aa to compensate for the loss of bounties.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
Mr. ODELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Way* and Mean* be
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of amending the
internal revenue huv, by pioviding for an ad valorem lux
upon all of merchandise of every deacriuuon, and to
report by bill or otherwise,
ARKKST OV SEAMEN.
Mr. ELIO r submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Reso/reJj I lint tlio Committee oil Coniinerco inquire into
the expi'tlieiioy of extiunlirig the provisions of the acta nf
July UJ, 1790,and Juno 19, 1813, coneernmif the urre&t of
seamen, Willi loave to report by bill or otherwise.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior in
regnrd to matters in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNS WOKTH,
(at twenty-five minutes to two o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 8, 1SG4.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, Chaplain
to the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Charles R. Buckai.ew, of Pennsylvania,
and Hon. B. Gratz Brown, of Missouri, ap-
peared in their seats to-day.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution for the
restoration of peace and the Union, the vindica-
tion of the Constitution, and the construction of
additional and adequate guarantees for the rights
and liberties of the people of the United States.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of the standing commit-
tees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. AN PHONY. I ask the unanimous con-
gent of the Senate to suspend the 34th rule re-
quiring the committees to be elected b<y ballot,
in order that they may be elected by nomination.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is tln%re any
objection to the suspension of the rule? The
Chair hears none. The rule is suspended.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following nom-
inations for standing committees:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chair-
man,) Foster, Doolittle, Harris, Davis, Johnson,
and McDougall.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,)
Howe, Cowan, Clark, Van Winkle, Conness,
and Henderson.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman,)
Morrill,TenEyck, Morgan,Sprague,Saulsbury,
and Lane of Kansas.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Lane of Kansas,
(chairman,) Harlan, Wilson, Farwell, and Pow-
ell.
On Military .,1Jfairs and the Militia—Messrs.
Wilson, (chairman,) Lane of Indiana, Howard,
Nesmith, Morgan, Sprague, and Brown.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Grimey, (chairman,)
Anthony, Willey, Ramsey, Harding, Hicks,
and Hendricks.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sprague, (chair-
man,) Morgan, Riddle, Wilkinson, and Hen-
dricks.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Poster, Ten Eyck, Harris, Foot, Powell,
and Johnson.
On Post Offices and Post Roads—Messrs. Col-
lamer, (chairman,) Dixon, Ramsey, Conness,
Buckalew, Pomeroy, and Van Winkle.
Oti Public Lands—Messrs. Flai Lm, (chairman,)
Pomeroy, Foot, Harding, Carlile, Hendricks,
and Wright.
OnPrivate Land Claims—Messrs. Harris,(chair-
man,) Sumner, Howard, Riddle,and Harding.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Doolitilc, (chair-
man,) Wilkinson, Lane of Kansas, Harlan,
NhsuuiIi, Brown, and Buckalew.
On Pensions— Messrs. Foster, (chairman,)
Lane oI Indiana, Van Winkle, Saulsbury, Buck-
slew, Foot, and Brown.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Wilkinson,
(chairman,) Chandler, Wilson, Nesmith, and
Wright.
Oil Claims—Messrs. Clark, (chairman,) Howe,
Pomeroy, Anthony, Morrill, Hicks, and Davis.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Hale,
(chauman,) Dixon, Momll, Wade, Willey, Hen-
deison, and Richardson.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Cow-
an, (chairman,) Ten Eyck, Ramwy, Lane of
Indiana, and Saulsbury.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Foot, (chairman,) Trumbull, Grimes, Farwell,
and Hendricks.
On Territories—Messrs. Wade, (chairman,)
Wilkinson, Hale, Lane of Kansas, Carlile, Da-
vis, and Richardson.
On Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard, (chair-
man,) Col lamer, Johnson, Ilailan, Trumbull,
Sherman, Morgan, Conness, and Brown.
'lo Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate—Messrs. Dixon, (chairman,) Clark,
and Harding. '
On Engrossed Bills— Messrs. Lane of Indiana,
(chairman,) Sumner, and Willey.
Joint Committee on Printing—Messrs. Anthony,
(chairman,) Morgan, and Powell.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Messrs.
Howe, (chairman) Cowan, and Hicks.
Joint Committee on the Library—-Messrs. Colla-
mer, (chairman,) Johnson, and Howaid.
Select Committee on Slave/y and the Treatment of
Frcedmen—Messrs. Sumner, (chan man,) How-
ard, Cailile, Pomeroy, Buckalew, Brown, and
Conness.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be, Will the Senate agree to the several nom-
inations pioposed by the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and ?
The nominations were agreed to.
SENATORS FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. MORGAN. I now desire that the creden-
tials of Mr. Cutler and Mr. Smith, Senators-elect
fiom Louisiana, which were presented yesterday
and laid 011 the table in consequence of the com-
mittees not being appointed, be taken from the
table and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made; and the otliei papets connected
therewith will be lefened to the same committee
unless otherwise ordered. '
Mr. W A DI.0, Is it understood that the protest
that I offered yesterday on that subject will be re-
ferred with the olli r papers?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ferred, with all the other papers, to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. There were thiee several
documents presented, all of which will be referred
to the same committee.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior transmitting a tabular statement furnish-
ing the information called for by a resolution
adopted by the Senate April 11, 1864, in regard
to the number of cases commenced and pending
in the courts of the United States; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid be-
fore the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior transmitting a report in obedi-
ence to the joint resolution of Congress approved
June 30,18C4, entitled "A joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to reclaim and
preserve certain property of the United States;"
which was ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid be-
fore the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in answer to
the resolution of the Senate nf the 6th instant, re-
questing information in regard to aid furnished to
the rebellion by British subjects, a report from
the Secretary of State and the documents by which
it was accompanied; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
THANKS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the following message from the Piesi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
In conformity to the law of July 16, 1862, I most cor-
dially recommend that Captain John A. Wnislow, United
States Navy, receive a vote of thanks from Congress for
the ?«kill and gallantry exhibited by him in the brilliant
action, while in command of the United States steamer
Kearvirge, which led to ihf total destruction of the piratical
etalt Alabama on the 19th June, 1834—a vessel supeuor in
tonnage, supenoi in number of guns, and supeuor in num-
ber ot crew.
This lecommendfttinn is specially made in order to com-
ply with the requirements of the ninth section of the afore-
said act, which is in the following woids, namely:
" I hat any line officer of the Navy oi Marine corps may
be advanced one grade, if, upon recommendation of the
1 resident by name, he receives the thanks of Congress for
highly dt-tin"iii.-.hed conduct m conflict with the eneinv,
or lor exti.ioidinary heroism in the line of his profession.*"
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington City, December 5, 1864.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House uf Representatives:
In conformity to the law of July 16, 1862, I moM cor-
dially recommend that Lieutenant William B. Cu*hm«r,
United biates Navy, receive a vote of thanks from Oou-
lot lus impoitant, gallant, and perilous achievement
in destroying the rebel iron-clad steamer Albcimule On the
night ol the xi7th Octobei, 1854, at Plymouth, North Caro-
T he destiuction of <?o formidable a vessel, which had re-
nted the continued attacks of a number of our vesseK on
lotmer occasions, is an nnpoitant event touching our iuture
naval and mihfaiy operations, and would reflect honor on
any ortieei , and redound- to ihe credit ot this young officer
and the few brave comrades wiio assisted in this successful
and daring undertaking.
1 In- recommendation is specially made in order to com-
ply wuli the icquirements ot the ninth section ot the afore-
said act, which js iu*the following words, namely •
" Th.u any line officer ol tin; Navy or Marine corps may
D<  advanced one giade, it, upon lecommendatiun of the
i resident by name he leccives the thanks of Congress for
highly distinguished conduct in conflict with the enemy
oi tor extiaoiuuidiy heroism in the line or his profession."
„ AKUAFIAM LINCOLN.'
\v ashin'gton City, December 5, 1864.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the memorial of the
Washington Gas-LightCompany,in which they
represent lhatin 1860,and fUasubsequentperiod,
Congress limited the amount which they were
authorized to collect from the consumers of gas;
that since those acts were passed the expense of
manufacturinggas has greatly increased; that the
benato has upon two occasions at the last session
pd&otd a bill allowing an addition to the amount
