1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
determined upon in those two acts of Congress,
and praying that a similar bill may be passed and
enacted r(to a Hw a; th'e pr< sent session of Con-
gress- i move that it !>c ieferred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agiocd to.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petition of Wil-
liam C. Bryant, Henry W. Longfellow, Horace
Greeley,John A. Dix,U.S.Grant, Joseph Henry,
Peter Cooper, George Bancroft, Henry J. Ray-
mond, Step lien LI Tyng, Jonathan Sturges, Wil-
liamM. Evans,and many others,cuizena of New
York and elsewhere, asking Congress to appro-
priate money for the founding and support of a
National Homo for the totally disabled soldiers
and sailois in the Army and Navy of the United
States, in consideration of the importance of tiie
subject and the high character of the memorial-
ists, I ask that this petition be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
printed by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection. The order to print will be made,
and the petition will be referied to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mi-. RAMSEY" presented the memorial of B.
A. Proisfth, praying for further legislation to
encourage fomgn immigration; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY piesented additional papers
in relation to the claim of George W. Hall and
others, owners of the bark A One, praying for
indemnification for alleged losses occasioned by
the seizure of that vessel at Philadelphia on the
18th of December, 1863; win eh were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous conscnt
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 80) in relation to the distribution of prize
money; which was lead twicc by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Allans.
BILLS lt-BtfJiKItED.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered} That the bill (S. No. 35!)) to uuthonzp the pur-
chase or construction or' levenuo cuueis on the lakes bo
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No 3r>I) for the relief of the
officers and soldiers of the militia of the States of Kansas
and Mi^ouri m lfpoilm? th.> lute itiva.-ioti o! tho^e States
by th« reht-l (outs uiidor (Jeix'tut fiterhng Price, and for
other purpn^, !>p referred to the Committee on Militaiy
Affairs and ihu Militia,
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 33.2) autlionzing the hold-
ing ot aspecial sc^ion oi the United States distisct court
foi the dtotuct ot Indiana, and fo: other purposes, be re-
ferred to tlu; Com;niUee«pn the Judseiaty.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 353) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act t" mcojp'iiate the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, in the DiMtict ot Columbia/* appiovcd July 1, L864,
be rofeiied to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
ItEFERISNClS Otf PltESIDEXT's MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr.  StIERMAN, it was
Oulered, That so much ot the Proidenr's menage a&
relates to the fi'iaueMi affairs of the United States be
refined to tiie Committee on Finance.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mi. DOQLETTLE, it was
Ordcicd, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it b« to
meet on Monday i.e\r. j
CONDUCT OF GENERAL PAINE AT PADIIOAII. !
Mr. POWELL. I move that the resolution j
I introduced ytbterday be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Semite pro- j
cccded to consider the following u-solution: - j
Resolved, That the Seeiotary of Wat be dtseclecl, if not
Incompatible with the public inteiiM, to tsaiwnt to the ■
Senate the repott and evidence taken by a inihtaiy com- I
nus^ion, of which UujMdiei 0>'iieta( Sp«od S Ft y was !
piI'siident, nppoiii'ed to" mve^igate the conduct of l{ii«^a i
ilicr <ietu ial Paine, United Stales Atiny, in and about l'a- [
dueah, Kentucky. " j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of I
the Senator from Kentucky whethei he is aware \
of the character of the report which he has asked i
to be communicated to the Senate? I know that ,
the resolution leaves it in the discretion of the j
Secretary of War to communicate the information i
or nor, as he shall deem the public inti rest may ;
justify; and 1 have full laith in the judicious e-x- i
ercisoof any discretion vested in the War Depart-
ment. I do noUuppose that the Secretary of War
would communicate anything for publication
which it was improper to have published; but I
should like to inquire of the Senator from Ken-
tucky whethei this report of a commission, as it
is denominated in the resolution, which investi-
gated the conduct of General Paine, is a report
made by a commission of which General Paine had
any notice whatever, oi whether it is merely the
private report of some officers designated, notby
the Secretary of War, but by some officer in the
field, making some inquiries in regard to General
Paine's conduct in Kentucky and reporting it to
the War Department for its private information,
and the report of a commission that General Paine
never knew anything about, and never had any
opportunity to appear before. If it be a report of
that character, 1 presume the Senator from Ken-
tucky would be just as fai as any other Senator
ftom wishing; to publish an ex parte report, made
in the dark, reflecting upon any person. There-
fore I think that this report, if it is of that char-
acter, ought not to be communicated for publica-
tion, and, unless the Senator from Kentucky is
already advised as to the character of the report
which was made by the commission, that this res-
olution ought to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and let them inquire into it. I
myself am very much opposed, and think it un-
just to the character of any officerin the field, that
a report with regard to his conduct, made out by
a commission of which he had no knowledge, ex
parte, and in the dark, should bepubhshed to the
country to his prejudice.
Mr. POWELL. It will afford me very great
pleasure to give the Senator from Illinois and the
Senate all the information that I have on the sub-
ject of this report. 1 do not know what is in the
report. 1 heard some persons who claimed to
know state what was m it, and I have seen 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I did not ask what was in the report, but
whether it was a report made without the knowl-
edge of General Paine.
Mr. POWELL, i understood the Senator's
question, and wiil endeavor to answer it. I have
undeisiood from persons in that locality, some of
whom seemed to have some cognizance of the
character of this report, that it contains such
evidence as convicts this man, General Paine, of
the most outrageous barbarities and cruelties that
weie ever inflicted on any people m any Christian
or civilized age, and not only General Paine,but
some of his subordinate officers, and some citi-
zens, even, outside. Some of the citizens of that
region of country seem to have been engaged in
them. I have seen and conversed with persons
who were'present when this commission was in
session, and from those persons I have learned
the chaiacter of the evidence to some extent. It
has also been a matter of agood deal of discussion
in the newspapers in Kentucky. I understand
that Geneial Paine did have notice of the sitting
of this commission; that he was notified that the
commission was to come and assemble at the
town of Paducah; and that he absented himself
and took away his staff officers and others, who
wore equally guilty with himself, i understand
fiom the report that there is no supposition about
it, but that all the damning crimes with which
this man is charged are fully proven.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i will inquire of the Sen-
ator what Getieial Pnine he refers to.
Mr. POWELL. General Paine, of Illinois, I
understand. I do not know the person. J never
saw htm.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a General Paine
of my own State, and I desire not to have any
impression go out that may involve him. He
ceiiainly is not the General Paine that the Sena-
tor alludes to.
Mr. POWELL. I understand that the Gen-
eral Paine to whom the tesoiution refers is from
I Ihnois. I do not know him, and I have no per-
sonal knowledge of the facts of the case. What
I state m regard to him isnpon information which
I have received from others. Whether the state-
ment I have made if* true or not 1 am not piepared
to say; for, as I said before, I have no personal
knowledge of the case. I understand that Gen-
eral Paine had notice of the fact of the meeting
of this eoft.iui&sion bHbie it met ai Pudueah;
but he und mipltcaied absented ihuurjelvcti
from that place, and were not present when the
commission made the investigation. i r-
Mr. JOHNSON. Is he now-in tlfc-aervi-ce ?
Mr. POWELL. In reply to t-he Senator fr'tfrn
Maryland 1 will say that 1 have seen it stated fit
the newspapers that he has resigned, und bis
resignation has been accepted; i>ut whether the
fact is so or not I do not know. • ' '
I can say to the Senatorfrom Illinois, wi$w>ut
having any personal knowledge of the facts con-
nected with General Paine and his administra-
tion in and about the city of Padireah, that if -a
tithe of the reports i have heard bv true his of-
fenses af-e such as should cause him to befyrought
before a military court anddealtwith ifi the harsh-
est manner. As I before stated, I have ho per-
sonal knowledge of these facts, but I .hear-them
from such sources as to cause me-to give them
full faith and credit. I believe that General Paino
had 'notice of the assembling of this commission,
and that he purposely avoided meeting the inves-
tigation.
i think the resolution should be adopted so that
the evidence may be given to the country. I
think those parties who have been guilty of the
offenses charged ought to be held up to the scorn
and contempt of the community. If they are
innoccnt they ought to have an opportunity of
meeting the charges and making their innocence
manifest. I desire no ex parte statements pub-
lished to injure any man. I desire that all men
shall have meted, out to them exact and even-
handed justice. I hope, for the honor of the
country and for the honor of the service, that this
man Paine and others who are charged with hav-
ing committed offenses in that region of the coun-
try may prove themselves innocent; but I firmly
believe they will not be able to do so. The proof
is most positive against them, and I understand
that it is contained in this very record for which
I ask. I hope the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President^ I have
usually voted in favor of resolutions of inquiry,
and am as much in favor ofexposing- the improper
conduct of officers as the Senatorfrom Kentucky;
but it appears that the Senator from Kentucky is
not informed at all on this subject, except by ru-
mor. He has heard thatGeneralPaineabsented
himself from this commission. lie admits that
General Paine was not before the commission that
made this report; but he has understood that he
absented himself. I have understood that Gen-
eral Paine knew nothing about it; that this is &
private, secret report of some officers, perhaps
inimical to Gencial Paine, before whom he has
never appeared at all,ond of whose report he had
no knowledge whatever. The Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky has heard reports prejudicial to the charac-
ter of General Paine. I have heard a. very good
account of General Paine, and the only complaint
I ever heard in regard to him, from any source,
was that coming from the enemies of the country,
that he dealt with traitors and rebels in Kentucky
as they deserved to be dealt with, and protected
Union men. He was too severe upon the enemies
of the country, in the opinions of the enemies
themselves.
Sir, I do not propose to discuss General Paine's
conduct. I am not sufficiently advised to do so.
He is from my State; and I thought it unjust to
him that a report should be published to the
woild reflecting upon him, (if it does so; I know*
not how that may be, for I know nothing that is
in the report;) a report made by men acting in
seciet, and before whom General Paine never ap-
peared, and never had an opportunity to appear,
so far as I have been informed,.
I move the reference of this resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and let them in-
quire; and if there is a leport made that reflects
upon Geneial Paine and shows that he has com-
mitted outrages—a report by n competent tribu-
nal before which he has had an opportunity to
appear and defend himself—I shall be the last
man to seek to cover it up, and I shall unite with
the Senator from Kentucky1 m exposing his con-
duct and bringing him to punishment; but before
any such publication shall be made, I want the
committee to inquire and asceitain whether this
is a secret ex parte report that u is sought to pub-
lish to the country, and if it is, f am opposed to
the publication of any such document.
The PRESIDENT pto tempore. T'he question
la on the motion uf tin- Jurvuor from Illinois, to
