10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
refer the resolution to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POWELL. I hope this resolution will not
be referred. The Senator speaks of the inves-
tigation having been held in secret. Why, sir,
there was no secrecy about it. It was a matter
of notoriety in all the public journals of the West
that this investigation \yas going on. The com-
mission was appointed by the military authori-
ties in that region of the country, as I understand.
It was conducted by three officers of the Army
of the United States, one of the rank of brigadier
general, and the other two I think of the rank of
colonel. The people in that region of country
were invited to come up and make known all the
facts touching and concerning the conduct of this
man.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who ordered the commis-
sion ?
Mr. POWELL. The military authorities, I
understand. Brigadier General Fry was presi-
dent of the tribunal, and Colonel Brown and Col-
onel Brannock, I think, were the associates. That
was the manner in which the investigation was
conducted. I am told that it was not secret. In
the newspapers of the day, the genera! account
was that General Paine was notified, but that he
left and did not appear before th« commission. I
have no doubt that when the facts contained in
the report shall be made known, they will reflect
very severely on the conduct of General Paine
and of others in and out of the military service.
I understand that such is the character of the evi-
dence, and I think it is meet and proper that the
report with the evidence should be published.
The Senator speaks of entering into a vindi-
cation of General Paine from the assaults made
upon him. I did not intend at this time to make
any assault upon General Paine, and I shall make
none now, but if the proper time for it shall come
and the necessity for it shall exist, I think I shall
•he prepared to make an assault upon General
Paine. Indeed, when the facts touching his ad-
ministration at Pnducah, and in and about Galla-
tin, Tennessee, shall he published, I think no
man will be under the necessity of making an as-
sault; I think the facts themselves will be crush-
ing. I have in my possession some documents
touching his administration m Tennessee, ob-
tained fiom a gentleman of the very highest au-
thority. I shall not introduce them here now,
because I do not think this is the propertimc; but
I want the country to know what have been the
actings and doings of these officials in that region.
The Senator says that Geneial Paine has only
been too severe on rebels, the enemies of the coun-
try. How docs he know that? Only from re-
fort and rumor about this man's admimstiatton.
have no complaint to make against General I\uno
for what he may have done to lebels, but I want
to sec what have been his acting and iK?i.in
regard to loyal men, not onlv a*j :o (hen pet.-mn.i
but as to their property, for I undoi stand tli.u li--
has made very fiee use o( the propeity of othrr
people. These allegations are made. I want to
see the evidence, to-learn whether they <*.10 tr n 
or false. As I before said, I peihoimliy know
nothing about General Paine or about tln-so
transactions; but he is represented as a limit-
less monster, and a robber of the people whom
I hare the honor in pait to represent; and where
men have violated the just laws of war, and
trampled upon the rules of common honesty and
common decency to the detriment and mjui y of
my constituents, I deem it my duty in every
proper manner to have the facts laid before the
country in order that the guilty culprits shall be
held up to the scorn and contempt of honest men.
For that reason, and in oider that the public
service may be promoted, and that all in futuic
may take warning by the infamy that shall attach
to this man provided he has been guilty of the
offenses charged against him, I want this evi-
dence laid before the country. I should suppose
that no friend of the Government would wish to
withhold from the people evidence in regard to
the conduct of its officials of such a chaiacter as
every Senator here who has read the public jour-
. nais must know the testimony is in relation to
this man, General Paine. I do not know whether
General Paine is guilty or not; I know that I have
heard from innumerable persons in that region of
the country that he is guilty, and I know that the
public press has chargcd him most distinctly and
explicitly during the last two or three months
with guilt, and that, too, on the assertions of gen-
tlemen who were engaged in this commission
taking the evidence
I can see no good reason for referring the res-
olution to the Military Committee or any other
committee. The resolution is carefully worded.
If the Secretary of War should, in his discretion,
think it would not be proper to give this testi-
mony to the country, he can withhold it. It is
left to his discretion, and I so framed the resolution
for a purpose. I thought that per possibility the
Government might wish to arrest some of the
persons implicated in this record, and I did not
wish to give them a chance to escape. If there
are such persons at large it would be manifestly
improper to publish the testimony, and hence the
lcsolution leaves it to the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War to give us the record or not, at his
pleasure. I suppose, however, that the names of
all or nearly all the persons implicated in these
transactions have been before the country in the
newspapers for months back. I know that the
papers in Kentucky and in the gentleman's own
State—Illinois—have been teeming with articles
on this very subject. I trust the Senate will not
hesitate to call for the record which is on file in
the War Department.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have read the
report that was made by the commission referred
to in the resolution, and it involves, if true, not
only offenses but crimes of the deepest dye. I do
not know whether the report be true or false. I
should bcexceedingly gratified if it were to turn
out to be untrue, and if General Paine was guilt-
less of the offenses imputed to him in that report.
I would now suggest to my colleague that it seems
to me a discretion in relation to giving or with-
holding the leport ought not to be confided to the
Secietary of War. I think that discretion should
nover be confided to or exercised by any other
officer than the President of the United States.
It seems to me, too, that the Senate has the right
to call for, and that there is a propriety m its
having access to, any report that is made by a
mi! itaiy commission and returned to the War Of-
fice. 1 thneloie suggest that this report be called
for, and alter it isieceived by the Senate the Sen-
ate may make such disposition of it as it may
please. If justice to Geneial Paine requires that
the report, when it is tu ule to tne Senate by the
War Office, shall be r< foirod to the Military Com-
mittee, it may then take that course, and the Mil-
itary Committee would be authorized, as I think
they ought to be, in justice to General Paine,
especially as the investigation was made in Ins
absence, to reinvestigate the truth of the charges
and imputations made a°antst httn m the report.
1 think the Senate ought to call fo'r'the it-port,
and that, when the ivpoitis made to the Sanate,
at the juhtu«iceo{ uhy Si uaioi whatever it should
1-e lefened to the Comimtue on Military Affairs
for its examination en id a i epoi t upon that report,
and to hear additional testimony exculpatory of
General Paine, if he or any of his fiiends desire
that such proof shall be heard.
The PIIESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to tefer the-resolution to the
Commune on Military Affairs.
Mr. PO WELL. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. TPtUMBULL. The Senator ftom Ken-
tucky [Mi. Powell] a peaks of this report as a
" record," and of " evidence," and both the Sen-
ators from Kentucky tell us that this was an
examination m the absence of General Paine. It
is wrong to designate it as evidence or a record at
all. Oneof the Senators tellsus that he has seen it.
Mr. POWELL. It has been published in the
newspapers.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Thisiepoit has been pub-
lished already I It is u very singular proceeding.
I have never seen it, and I never will be a party
to the publication, by the Senate, of a report
reflecting upon any man, that is got up in his
absence, and without an opportunity for him to
exculpate himself, if he is charged with offenses
in that report. Now, the Senators ask to have
this report communicated to the Senate; and the
object is to make public, I understand one oi the
Senators, that which has already been published
in the newspapers. I should like to know who
put it there. The truth about it is that no mil-
itary commission has ever sat upon the conduct
of General Paine before whom he has appealed
or had any opportunity to appear, or of whose
sessions he has known anything; but somebody,
inimical to General Paine, has got together a com-
mission out in Kentucky somewhere, and made
reports to the War Department reflecting upon his
conduct in the management of his department,
whatever it was, while he was in command there,
as I understand.
Now, my proposition is that this resolution
(which seeks to bring this partial, exparte>inquis-
itorial report before the country for the purpose
of damaging a man who has never had an oppor-
tunity to appear before the tribunal) shall first go
to the Committee on Military Affairs that they may
inquire at the War Department, and if it is a re
port that is proper to be communicated to the Sen-
ate, if it is a report made after investigation, where
the party has had an opportunity to exculpate
himself and he has not doneso, lent be called for
and published to the country, and let him take
the consequences of his misconduct. The very
object which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] has in view is not an investigation of
the conduct of General Paine. The other Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Davis,] speaks of it as
if General Paine was on trial; but that is not the
question; that is not the proposition before the
Senate. Tnesimple proposition here is to cull out
for publication an ex parte, inquisitorial report of
some unauthorized commission, m , if authorized,
probably authorized by some subo'dmate officer,
but not authorized by the Wai Depai tment. I
am opposed to havingany such repoit published
oi called for, as I undei stand tirs to be. But if I
am mistaken as to the character of me ifport the
Committee on Military Affairs can recommend
the passage of the resolution, and the report (tan
be called for.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit me
to ask him whether General Pame has requested
a court of inquiry or a court-martial since the
supposed report was made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware that he
has or that he knows of this report. I have had
no communication with General Paine in refer-
ence to 't. I know t he gentleman; he is a highly
respected citizen of my State; a gentleman of
good reputation and standing. I know nothing
about these imputations, that ai e tinow n out upou
hearsay here. J have had no communication with
General Paine; but inasmuch as this resolution
pointed to the bringing before the public of a re-
poit which I have understood here in Washing-
ton reflects upon his conduct as a military officer
in the discharge of his duties while in command
in Kentucky and in Tennessee,and a report made
without Ins knowledge, he having had no oppor-
tunity to appear before the commission, I thought
it unjust to him that any such publication should
be made. If I am misinformed as to the character
of this commission and the character of the repoit,
the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom the
resolution will go if my motion prevails, will
ascertain how the fact is and let the report he
called for and published, for 1 am the last person
to cover up or screen the misconduct of any
official.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULLand others. Let us dispose
of this question.
exlcrrrvii session.
Mr. Lake's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after a short time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 8, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciiaxning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the re-
port of the chief of the Ordnance Rureau of the
Navy Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
