12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
iaws., that when the inspector or assessor suspects
extensive frauds by uudei valuation in the sale
:or purchase of cigais, he shall be at liberty to
take the cigars at the price fixed on them by the
owner, for the use of the Government. That is
the system adopted by many foreign nations
where there is a suspicion of undervaluation or
fraud. It allows the Government to take the
-cigars -at the price fixed upon them by the owner.
There is another reason why the piesent law
should beamended. Making -returns weekly may
be very w«ll in the large cities, but in counties
as extensive as my own, where a great many
hundred women and children manufacture cigars,
it is very inconvenient for them to make returns
every week. My pioposition provides that, in
,the discretion of the assessor, monthly instead of
weekly returns may be made.
Another evil exists under the present construc-
tion of the law: the stamp put upon cigars which
pay a threc-doiiar tax, is an eight-dollar stamp;
and they go forth to the world as having paid
eight dollars when in reality they have only paid
three dollars. This provides that the stamp shall
state exactly what tax has been paid, and is pay-
able, which tax shall be assessed before the sale,
•instead of waiting till the time of sale.
All the cigars which have been inspected since
the passage of the act referred to—and there are
hundreds and millions of them—have escaped the
payment of the eight-dollar tax, for there is not
a cigar made which, under the law, comes under
the three-dollar tax.
I believe, sir, I have stated all of the evils and
proposed remedies. The committee have not had
time to consider all of the remedies that may be
proposed. We have not seen the recommenda-
tions of the committee, although we know some-
thing of them. We will be glad to have sugges-'
tions from evpry member. Especially would we
he indebted to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] for the i ight way of construing the
law.
If thegenflemmi from New York [Mr. Brooks]
desires it i nm now willing that the matter shall
be postponed to a day certain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are seven postponements from the last ses-
sion, which will take priority,
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not see that
1 do not concur in the general remarks of thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. The evils he speaks
of are well known, and were anticipated in some
degree when the law was passed. The gentle-
man will recollect that at the time we had some
discussion on the subject in the House, it was
not a full discussion, for we were necessarily re-
quired to move with rapidity.
The honest manufacturers of cigars desire an
amendment of this law; there is no doubt of
that; but there are groat difficulties in the whole
mailer, and 1 hope the Committee of Ways and
Means will take time to consult in regard to some
of them, and particularly in regard to the laying
of a tax upon leaf tobacco and cigars in one and
the same bill and at the same time. And 1 hope
they will take into consideration the subject of a
tax upon cigars, for I am informed by men well
informed, honest manufacturers of cigars, that a
tax of one cent upon each cigar will yield a larger
revenue than it is possible for us to gt t in any
other way. The fact is that the tax upon cigars
is so enormous here and in all countries that un-
less the Government takes the whole subject into
its hands, as in France, and regulates the pro-
duction, purchase, and sale of tobacco, it will be
impossible to prevent fraud and smuggling. Smug-
gling of cigars is about to be, and will be, im-
mense from the Canadas, and no lav/ or remedy
of ours can prevent that smuggling except by
putting a stamp upon each cigar.
Let me make an of her suggestion to the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
His joint resolution provides that <{ whenever
the owner or possessor (as agent) of cigars shall
fix the value thereof, or allege a certain price for
which he pretends to have purchased them or
offers them lor sale, if the inspector or assessor
shall deem such price below the real value, he
shall be at liberty to take the same at that price for
the u^c of the Government, giving the owner or
agent « ocnifKvlo of the value, who shall be paid
tho wnn: on pr"!- to.ling the certificate to the Ticas-
urer of the United States or his deputy." Doubt-
less it is well known to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and to all others, that the manufacturers
of cigars are ingenious, and that the judges of
cigars are few and far between, and that the assess-
ors likely to be appointed by the Government to
inspect these cigars are less likely to know any-
thing of the subject than any other class of men
who will be invested with authority upon the sub-
ject. And I should not be surprised, under that
item of the bill, and under the prevailing high
prices, if the royal characters of Spain should
be imprinted frequently upon boxes of cigars in
order to sell them to the assessors at three, four, or
ten dollars more than the cigars aie really worth.
This is a subject which needs consideration and
ought to be looked into immediately; and it is
obvious to everybody who knows anything of the
manufacture of cigars, that our Havana cigars,
which bear so high a charactei for quality, are the
production of the good people of Connecticut, and
of tobacco grown upon the banks of'the Connec-
ticut river.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire that a time for the
consideration of this resolution shall be fixed at
an early day. In my district the greatest interest
is felt in the matter. The law and its construc-
tion have operated prejudicially to both the cigar
manufacturers and to the Government, and the
income has been greatly reduced thereby. I
trust we will proceed to the consideration of the
resolution at once, if an eat ly day cannot be fixed
for its discussion.
Mr. KASSON. I dceire to call the attention
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
to one or two amendments not contained in the
printed copy of the bill before him, one of which
is designed to meet the objection lie made touch-
ing the possibility of a misvaluation upon the
part of the assessor and fraud upon the part of
the owner. In the bill befoie the House is inter-
lined after the word "liberty," in line seventeen,
the words " subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury," so that the inspector or
assessor may take them subject to such approval.
The object of that clause is to enable the owner,
upon the one part, if injustice has been done, to
appeal, or take proceedings in the nature of an
appeal, to the Secretary of the Treasury, to en-
able hnn to dispose of the action of the assessor;
and on the other hand to enable the assessor to
take such action as, upon advice, he may deem
best to secure the rights of the Government. 1
do not know anything safer than that. Every
law is liable to be misadmimstored. This clause
protects both.
A single word upon another point. As is well
known, we expected by this measure to realize
a considerable addition to the revenue. The law
as passed is not the bill as it emanated from the
Committee of Ways and Means. That bill, as
it passed the [louse, was modified in the Senate,
and that modification concuned in by the House.
But tho point of importance now to be considered
is that where we ought to geteig'.it dollars a thou-
sand we are getting only throe; and that factevery
day affects essentially the revenue of the Govern-
ment, as stated by the chain man of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Thegfeat object of the
action now is, not to insist upon the permanence
of the system itself, but to make it effectual, leav-
ing the whole subject of a change of the system
open to the action of the House and the com-
mittee having charge of it.
I hope, theiefore, with the explanations made,
ihe House will see fit atleastto yend this measuie
to the Senate as eaily as possible; and I think we
are justified in asking as early a day as possible
fonts consideration, in order that the revenue may
be saved that which it is admitted we are now los-
ing. That is the whole objectand purpose of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. As it does not seem satis-
factoiy to the gentleman from New York to con-
sider this matter now, { ask the unanimous con-
sentof the House thatit be considered on Monday
next.
Mr. KELLEY. Will that interfere with mat-
ters that were postponed at the last session?
The SPEAKER. It would if it should be
made a special order, which would require unan-
imous consent. In that case it would take pre-
cedence of other business. The Chair has ex-
amined the Journn', and ail the poxtpom nionrs
ftom last jjfSMvm are simple postponements: there
are no special orders. Is there objection to this
bill being postponed until Monday n^xtand made
the special order for that day?
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
adjournment over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move that
when the House adjourns to-day itadjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
restoration of civil authority.
Mr. YEAMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. [introduced yesteidaya bill to pmvidefor
the restoration of the civil authority of the United
States in certain States, and through inadvertence
had it referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. The subject-matter would propeily go
before the Judiciary Committee. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred,
with the view of giving H the propei icfeierice.
The motion to reconsider prevailed,and the bill
was then referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of tho House to offer resolut ions distributing
thePresident'smessage to the various committees.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not mean to object,but I
want to avail myself of some early oppoitunity,
with the consent of the other side of the House,
to make some remarks on the Piesulent's mes-
sage, and I desire that opportunity in the early
part of the session, befoie we are pressed with
business.
No objection being made, the resolutions pre-
sented by Mr. stevens were read and agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the. annual message of the
President of the United States to the two House* of Con-
gie-s at th<^ present sc-sion, together with the accompany-
ing document!*, a^relates to the finances, to the public, d<,bt,
to the deiicieneicf in the revenues ol tht Po?t Office De-
pamncnt, to the receipts into the Tn-aiin>, to the public
expendituie.v, to the national and State banking institu-
tions and a uni'orm currency, to piovis-ion lor increasing
the revenui' by additional taxation, to the legulatiou of
imposts fixed by the rocipiocjfy tieaty between Gieat Brit-
am and the United .State-, ot ,"nh June. 13.VJ, to the issuing
of bond-, and their exemption liom taxation and limn seiz-
ure toi debt, and lor providing the waja and meant- lot the
Mipp'Ht ol the Government, be retciied to the Committee
of Wajs and M'-ans.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompa-
nying documents as relates to connneiee be lefeitedto the
Committee on Commence.
Resolved. That so much of said me^ngo and accompany-
ing documents relate-: to tin* public domain be rtferied
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Revolt ed, That^omuch of '-aid menage and accompany-
ing documents as ielatc  to the t-uhjeci oi telegraph*, anil
to the Po'-U'tiice Department, he lelened to the Committee
on the Po-r Usher- and Post lloads.
Resolved, 'I hat sa> nmeh ol said message and accompany-
ing documents lelatus to iLe Constitution and laws? of
the United tit.ue-,, to puze on our inland water*, and to
judicial piooi edn be reteirrd to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Revoked, Tlmtv> much of =aid message and accompany-
ing document us relates to the public expendiuncs be le-
leried to the Connnitu-e on Public Uxpoidituto.
Resolved, That to much of vaul message and accompany-
ing document.- as lelatcs to uguculture, and to the Depart-
ment ol A^i icuituie, be leferml lo the Committee on Agu-
culture.
Jtesokcd, That so mticn of said message and accompany-
ing document* a* tehucs to oui nitcrcouf-e with the Indian
tubes,and additional legislation m lemodelnig Urn whole
Indian i-y&tem, be leioircd to the Committee on Indian
Alfairs.
Raulocd, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as ielates to the Aimyof the United States,
and to keeping up the military establishment of the Govern-
ment, be retoned to the Committee on Military Aftans.
Resolved, That so much ol said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Navy of the United States
be referred to the Committee on Naval Aiiatis.
Resolved. Thatso much ofsasd mes-'age and accompany-
ing documents as teiates to out loieigu afluus., together
with the accompanying correspondence m i elation thereto,
be refetred to the Committee on Foreign \ftans.
Resoh ed, That so much of sud mess-age and accompany-
ing document--, as relates to the Teiritorh's of the United
States be relened to tile Committee on 'IVriitories.
Resolved, That so much oi said menage and accompany-
ing documents as relate- to pensions and the I'ension Bu-
reau he referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Resolved, That to much of said mes*.aue and accompany
mg documents as relates to theexpeuduuies in connection
witn th<' State Dep.utrwntbe icteiicd to the Committee on
Kxpendituies m I lie .State Department.
Resolved, That so much ol said an's-age and accompany-
ing document* <v, relate-? to expenditure* m eoiui<"'tion
\\ lib 11)" 'f't en my tin-Mil fx' i ce-ned to t be Commit-
tee on Expenditures in the Treat-iny Deptutmcnt.
