1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LGHB.
m
Resolved, That so much of said me«s<ic,roan<l accoinpanj-
i«g document* as folate to cxpcncli'uro;, in connection
will, (he War Dei>;ntm<-nt be icterrrd to the Committee
on Lj\].eiHli;uro> in the War Department.
Jirai.)J/WjTbat >>0 much ot miuJ i)n:?.-ng(> and accompany-
ing documents ns rci.ucs 10 expending in connection
with tiie Na\y Department be icioned to the Committee
on B.\p<:iiiimiievv lit the Navy Ufpuriujeiit.
Resolved, That bo much <>t said message and accompany-
ing documents n-« relates to the expenditures in connection
With tiie Post Otiicc Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Kxpi-iidiUues in the LJo>t Otlice Department.
Resolved, That so much ol said menage and accompany-
ing documents as iclates to the nrhtia be referred to the
Committee on the Milma.
Resolved, That so much of «aid message and accompany-
ing document:- as iclates to the D^tnct of Columbia bo ic-
lein d to the Committee tor the ot'Columbia.
Resolved, Tiuit bo much ot said mei.-age and accompany-
ing document- a- lolates to coinage, and ttie subject of
weights and measures, be rofened to tiie Committee on a
Uinionn Sy.-tem ot Coinage, Weigh!-, and Measure*.
Rejoiced, That to much ot ?.atd iiu-.-^.tge <uid accompa-
nying document* as relates to Pacific i.uhoacU be refured
to the Committee ou the Pacific Radioatl.
Rewlndy That m) much or -aid inc.-:,\ v .ind accompa-
nying documents a- relat.-s to io.mI* and eanai- be referred
to tiie Committee on ltoad> and Canal--.
Sterol vat) Tiuit so much ot said me^a^c and accompa-
ny iiig doeunn uu a-, jel.itos to emancipation he reioired to :
Hie Committee on Emancipation. I
Resolved, Tiiat>o much of said mes.-age and accompa-
ny ing document-* a- ielates immigiallun b.- leteired to
tin- Commiltee on imni'giation.
Revoked, That so much of said mos-nge and accompa-
ny ingdoi uments as i elates to the duty ot'the Ciut.-d States
to guaianty aiepubhcan (oim of govt rnnn nt to t!ie States
in which ttie governments locosriuzul bj the (rmt< dStaieh
have !)een abiogateilovcithiown be releued to the Com-
mittee on the. itebelhous States.
MESSAGE FROM THE PIIKSIDKNT.
Several messages in wilting wen; received from
the Ft esidi.'fit of the United Suites by Mi. Nico-
lay, his Pimtte Secretary.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN WINShOW.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
hefoie the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House oj Representatives:
In confotmity to the law of July LO, 1^6-2, T mo>u cor-
dially n'coniiin'iid that Captain John A. Win-low, United
fcH,xu s Navy, it.ceive a vote of thanks liom Conyre^ lor
thf skill and gallantly exhibited by him in the brilliant
action, while m command ot the United States steamer
Keaisarge. which led to tiie total de^tiueiion ot the pnati-
cal eiaii Alabama on the 19th June, lyM—a ve^-el sitpe-
uor in tonnage, hiip.'iioi in uunibur ot gun.-, and superior
in number ot cievv.
Thi- leeommendation is specially made in order to com-
ply will) the reqmiements of the ninth seetioa ot the atoie-
said act, w hicis i- m tiie following woid-, namely :
u That any line otlicer of the Navy or M.uine cm p* may
be advanced one guide, if, upon reeomm'-tniaUuii of the
President by name, ho icceive.- tin; thank- ot Congies^ lor
luylilj th-tiugiH-he,! cynduet ui cuntiKt witu the eii'-my,
or'toi extraoidinarv In iuimii ill the ime m hi- piot'e^-ion ''
A131? \HAM LINCOLN,
Washington City, December ibo4.
Tiie message was refeired to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be pruned.
TliANKS TO LIEUTKNANT CUSIIIKO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid bef'oi o the House the folio wing message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate end Hntitc of Representatives:
In conformity to the law of July 16. 1862, [ most cordially
recommend that Lieutenant William H. Cu-dimg, United
►State-, Navy, receive a voicol thanks fiom Congie-s for
hir nnpoitani. uall.int, and peri Ion - aeliievemcnt in de>troy-
ing the n h"| imn-clad -teaniei Albemarle, on the night of
the -27'th Ootobei, ;it Plymouth, North C.irolina.
'J'he de-tiuction ol to toimidablo a ve-'-el, which had
re-i>-!ed the continued attacks of a nunibci o! our ve-sels
on former occasion-;, ib an important event touemng our
future naval and military operations, and would letlect
honor on .my otticei, and redounds to the credit ot thin
joung officer and the few brave connades who assisted in
thi.-5 -ucee>.-iul ami daring undettaking.
This recommendation 1- -pcciallj' made in order to com-
ply witfi the lequipments ot the ninth section of the afore- '
Saul act, which is in the following words, namely :
'• That any line otficei of the Navy or Maunc cotp^may
be advanced one giade, if, upon recommendation of the
President by name, he leceive^ the thanks ot Congress for
highly distinguished conduct in conflict with the enemy, or
for extiaoidiuary heroism in the line of hw profession/"
ABRAHAM LINCOLN,
Washington City, December o, 1864.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON ARSENAL EXPLOSION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Houee a letter from Major J. G.
Benton, commander of the Washington arsenal,
transmitting a report in regard to the distribution
of certain money appropriated for the benefit of
the sufferers by the late accident at said arsenal,
which was laid on the table arid oidered to bo
printed.
UNEMPLOYED GENERALS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was not in the House
when the Committee on Milttaty Affairs was
culled, and I a&k pet mission now to make a report
from that committee.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed hy the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill to drop
from the roils of the Army unemployed general
officers. I will state that the bill is a modification
and extension of the joint resolution passed at
the last session of this Congress, and I only ask
that it be recommitted and be ordered to be printed.
The hill was read a/list and second time by its
title, recommitted to the Committee on Military
Alfaiis,and otdered to be printed.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
ijueMion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
snucted to inquire into tiie expediency of so amending the
naturalization law.- a^ to piovide tii.it pej^ons liable by law
to the performance of niilitaiy duty, who, during the exist-
ing i ebellion, have left and continued alxent fiom the Uni-
ted Slater, or may hereafter leave the United States, with
a view to avmd any eniollment or draft lor military ser-
vice, or who, having been, or ht-rcalter bcin^, enisled or
dialled, or accepted' as .-nb-ntutes in the military service
of the United State*, ma\ have, been, or may be, guilty of
deseitton from Mich seiviee, and .shall have'gone, and re-
mained, until the parage oi'^ucli amendatory law, m any
loieign country, or may heieaitei go to any foieigu country,
to e-cape ane^t for Mich desertion, '-hall, fiom the date ot
Mich abandonment of their own country, either to avoid
emnltmeiit or diafr, oi to e-cape fiom aire.M lor desertion,
be held to have loifeited and giv< n up all righH and ptivi-
lc«ies of citizenship ot the United State*, and ,bc only ca-
pable of natuializ-itiou thciealter by deelaiatton ot inten-
tion. oath of allegiance, and probation of five yeai<5 as in
tiie case of other aliens; and that the cumnnttee report by
bill oi othei wise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question otdered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
TRADE WITH REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Rciolvcd. That the Comuutiee of Ways and M«ans be
duecfd to inquno into the expediency of repealing the
eighth section of the act entitled l'An act in addition to the
general aet> concerning commcicial mteicourho between
io\al and iu>urieetiouary States,'5 &e , approved July 2,
1H>4.
Ami then, on motion ofMr,HOLMAN, (atone
o VSock, p. rn.,) the House adjourned till Monday
next.  
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 1*2, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D.D., Chap-
Iain to the Senate.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. James Harlan of Iowa, Hon. William
Spuague of Rhode Island, and Hon.J.M. How-
ard of Michigan, appealed in their seats to-day.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of members
of the bar of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, praying that authority may be granted
to that court to employ a stenographic reporter;
which was referied to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
JVJr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Frances Elliotte, of Richland county,Wisconsin,
praying to bo remunerated for the loss of certain
money m United States notes, occasioned by the
burning of her house in January last; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of sol-
diets of the first and third Iowa cavalry, pray-
ing that they be mustered out of service on the
expiration of the term of service of their regi-
ments in pursuance of a promise, as they allege,
made to them by the mustering officer at the time
of muster in; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
California, ptaying for the passage of House btil
No. 560 to amend an actof Congressentitled "An
act to grant the right of preemption to certain
purchase!s on the  Soscol Ranch, in the State of
CattforlUtt•T,, which were referred to th-eComhiit-
tce on Public Lairds. 1 ' rj * '
Mr. SHERMAN pres^ntetf a d£tile
directors of the Western Associated Press, pray-
ing for a reduction of the duty oiv fom^a ppi-frt-
ing paper; which was-referred to tfre'Gor&m-fttek
on Finance. - - ~ - •
Mr. JOHNSON present^dU'he petitiofiorjarnes
Ciutchett, praying for cbrtipen'sfttion^for tfre^tise
of his property in Washington* oi<y by
ernment; which was referred to:
on Claims • ' ■ «
Mr. WILSON. X presents petk^^n
General Weitzel, late commander-ttse-ei^h'*
teenth Army corps, and fourhundrt?d am^seventy
officers of that corps, asking for an mcr&asS of
the pay of officers to the extent of twenty dol-
lars per month, and that the price of the ration
may be commuted at fifty ccnts instead of thirty.
I move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mitteeon Military Affairsand the Militia, simply
saying that the price of provisions has increased
more than three hundred per cent, since the law
was passed, making it extremely difficult for offi-
cers of the Army to get along.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", f present also the petition of
Colonel T. W. Higgmson, asking for the repeal
of so much of the fourth section of the act ap-
pioved July 4, 1864, as distinguishes between
colored soldiers that were free and those that were
slaves befoie the 19th of April, 1861. I m-ov^ th®
rcfcience of this petition to the srfnie committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of F.
W. Moores, C. O. Mori is, and J. M. Boyd, mas-
ters in the Navy not in the line of promotion, who
represent that they have been attached to the New
York, Washington, and Boston navy-yards sev-
enteen, eighteen, and nineteen years, and have,
been from twenty to forty years in the naval ser-
vice, and have been on constantduty. They now
ask that they may be relieved from their present
straitened circumstances in consequence of their
small pay of $1,200 not being sufficient to sup-
port their families, and tiiey ask to be nllowed
$1,609 50 per annum for shore duty, and $1,200
as retired pay 1 move the reference of this pe-
tition to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. J also present the petition of
Charles Fosdick Fletcher, who represents him-
self to be a citizen of the United States, and prays
Congress to pass a law at the present session for
the establishment of a railroad along the line of
the twenty-second parallel of latitude, following
as nearly as piacticubie the surveyed route from
New Orleans to San Diego, m California, with a
branch to San Francisco, with like powers, priv-
ileges, and immunities to those which have been
granted to other companies chartered by Con-
gress. I move that this petition be referred to the
standing Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am requested to present—-
the Senate may diepose of it as they see proper—
a memorial of William Cornell Jewett, showing
the impossibility of peace through home action,
and praying for a reference of the points at issue
to an international congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator propose any reference?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir;
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The petition
will lie on the table.
NAVY DEPARTMENT BUILDING.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds have had under consideration
a joint lesohuion from the House of Representa-
tives (No 114) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to expend a portion of the contingent fund
for enlarging the Navy Department building,
and recommend its passage, and authoiize me to
ask for its present consideiation.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution v/as
consideied asin Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the INravy to
expend so much of the contingent fund heretofore
appropriated as may be necessary for the enlarge-
ment of the JNavy Department building to meet
the wants of the Department.
