1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
public prints. I read this in order to call the at-
tention of the House to what they desire:
New York, December 9,1864.
Sin: I am din cted by the Tobacconists'National Asso-
ciation to loqwf-t that yon move for a pu^pcn&ion of the
consideration of the tax a* rclatins? to cigars and tobacco
lor about two weeks, when the a-sociation will be abie to
pn^piil a pi.m which was adopted in convention of all the
n:terp>ts in thi« city on the 7Mi and 8th instant, and which
it is believed will be found satisfactory to the Government.
Very truly youi-, EDWARD BUKKE,
Corresponding Secretary.
Hon. James Brooks, M. C.
Mr. STEVENS. Those gentlemen desire a
postponement for two weeks. 1 fear we shall not
be in session then. But I will say to the gentle-
man from New Yoik [Mr. Brooks] that when it
comes up on Thursday next, if there is any fur-
ther difficulty about it I shall not object to its
going over. I hope, therefore, this joint resolu-
tion will be postponed until Thursday next.
The question was taken upon the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the joint res-
olution till Thursday next,and it was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM. THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, through
Mr. IIickey, its Chief Clui k, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
joint resolution ^H. R. No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion of the
contingent fund for enlaiging the Navy Depart-
ment building.
ENROLLED DILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Emolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found j
ttuly emollcd a bill and joint lesolutions of the
following titles:
Joint resolution (1J. R. No. 106) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of cer-
tain moneys therein mentioned;
Joint resolution (H. ft. No. 114) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion of
the contingent fund for enlargmg*thc Navy De-
partment building; and
An act (LI. it. No. 563) in addition to the act
lespecting quaianlim; and health laws, approved
I'Ybiuary 25, 1790, and for the better execution
of the thud section thereof.
NAVAL DEPOT FOR IRON-CLADS.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill (H. II. No. 536) authoiizing a
survey at and near New London, Connecticut,
and the establishment of a navy-yard for iron-
clad vessels thereat, postponed from the last ses-
sion till this day by Older of the House.
The bill was read at length.
Section one authoiizes the Seciet.iry of the
Navy to appoint a competent engineer to desig-
nate and suivey a site on the river Thames, at
or above Winthrop's Point, nea?*New London,
Connecticut, for the establishment of a navy-yard
and naval depot for the construction, docking, and
repair of iron, iron-clad, and other naval vessels.
Section two authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy, upon the completion of the survey, and a
tender of a good title to the land designated, to
accept the same, and establish thereat a naval
depot.
The pending question was upon the following
substitute proposed by Mr. Kelley:
strike out ail after the enacting clause, and insert:
Tnat the Seeretaiy of the Navy be, and he n? ht'iehy.
authorized and ducued to accept from thocitvof Phila-
delphia a title to League i-land on behalt oi the Govern-
ment. if '-aid title he perfect, and to e.-tabli-h tlicical a
navj-)aid and depot lor the conjunction, docking, rani
ieprm oi itou, iron-clad, and other vct-eN.
Mr. KELLEY. Presuming, Mr. Speaker, thut
most of the members of the House have road the
lecenf very able repot"- of the Secretary of the
Navy, I will spe.'ul no fine in pressing upon their
constdf ration the importance of theestablishment
of a yard or station for the construction, cleans-
ing, and repair of iron and non-clad vessels. 1
may, however, remark that it is not and hos not
at iifty time been the policy of the Navy Depait-
meut, or of the Administration, to increase the
number of navy-yards or stations. Tin y have
r.imply asked that Congress, recognizing ihe exi-
gencies of a now age, vn age of i>ou vessels a'id
steam propulsion, should allow them to so enlarge
and furnish an existing station as to enable them
to meet those exigencies. Theie is, at Philadel-
phia, a station containing something more than
fifteen acres. It is the only station in the coun-
try lying upon pure fresh water, and in the vicin-
ity of abundant supplies of coal and iron, and for
the service of which the Government can at any
time, upon on hour's or a few hours'notice, com-
mand an adequate supply of mechanical skill, ex-
perience, and power to execute any work required
at such an establishment as the necessities of the
Nav}^ may require.
And the city of Philadelphia, finding its com-
mercial growth impeded by the location of this
yard, has tendered to the Government, not in ex-
change for the old and limited site, but as a free
gift, an island, containing in all about six hun-
dred acres, nearly one half of which is primitive
land, and the remainder accretions made in the
long course of centuries. It is known as League
Island, and lies at the confluence of the Delaware
and Schuylkill, the two rivers which connect that
great emporium of coal and iron with the regions
from which they come. Itneeds butabout fifteen
hundred yards of additional road to connectitby
rail with every mine, and forge, and furnace that
has been open twelve months within the broad
limits of the State of Pennsylvania, and can, by
two days' labor of an adequate gang of workmen,
be connected with every street railroad that leads
to the homes of the working masses of Phila-
delphia.
it is offered, I say, as a free gift to the Gov-
ernment; and while the people of Philadelphia
will gratify their patriotic pride in making such a
donation, they will find compensation fo'r their
munilicencc in the taxable value of the fifteen acres
now occupied as a station, but which,it is hoped,
the Government will, soon after accepting League
Island, put into the market, to supply a fund
wherewith to make the necessary improvements
upon the new and extended site.
The substitute for the bill of the committee
winch I submitted does not, therefore, propose
the creation of a new establishment. It does but
propose the enlargement of the Philadelphia navy-
yard, and the tiansfer of its site to a point about five
miles lower down the river Delaware, though with-
in the city limits. Objections have been made to the
acceptance of this site. It is suggested that New
London furnishes a more advantageous position,
and such is the opinion of the majority of the
Naval Committee. In general answer to this
suggestion, I refer the House to the minority re-
port made at the close of the last session of Con-
gross.
3n view of the opinions of the majority of my
colleagues on the committee I make the broad as-
sertion, and challenge sustained and advised con-
tradiction to it, that New London oilers no one of
the great essential qualities for such a site, name-
ly, adequate breadth of pure fresh water, perfect
defcnsibility,cheap coal and iron, and an unvary-
ing supply of skilled laborers in the metals, while
they are ail to be found m a greater degree an,d
moie striking combination at the point indicated
by the substitute than at any other, not only in
our broad country, but in the civilized world.
Mr. Speaker, permitmeto bringa practical test
to the judgment of the proposition I have just ut-
tered. It is said that the men of New England
are fond of making money; that they are given to
enterprise,and are very astute in the discovery of
judicious fields for enteipnse. What the Gov-
ernment needs is a large workshop for iron and
steel work; and it is proposed to locate it at New
London, in the State of Connecticut. I turn to
my native city, of which League island is apart,
and find in her, next to my country, the object
of my pride and love. I look at Philadelphia and
observe her steady and rapid growth, her intelli-
gence, her pioductive power, the comfort with
which her laboring people arc housed, the af.lu-
enc-e with which education is provided for their
child re i), the number of churches of all the Chris-
tian denominations which they have erected for
themselves; and I find enough to command the
pride, and affection of any son of hers, native or
adopted. And I ascribe the grand results which
I find her embodying to two conditions, mainly:
first, that she lies in close proxmnty to Ihe mus-
c!js of modern civilization, coal and iron, which
have been given to her people m greater abund-
ance than to those of any other of the American
Stales. 1 find coal in greater variety than is round
in the same space anywhere else in the wide
world, and iron in equal abundance and rich va-
; riety; so that her people, in this the agony of!
| our country,have been able to establish and carry
| to magnificent results, in less than three years7,;
I factories for steel which already rival those of
| Sweden. When the war began -we could not1
manufacture a first-class gun-barrel from Amerfc -
can iron; while to-day we can make of Pennsyl-
vania iron and export better barrel iron than: we •
can import. There is no branch of industry, ffom '•
the digging of the coal, the limestone, and the '
iron, to the manufacture of gun-barrel iron, steel* *
and the best imitation that has yet been produced '
of Russia sheet-iron, that does not abound within •
the city or at points near to it and connected with *
it by railroad. *
These rich gifts of nature are one element of
Philadelphia's increasing wealth, comfort, and
importance. The enterprise, the energy, the skill
of New England, traveling through New London
to Philadelphia, have done much to give these ele-
ments development, and largely constitute the
other condition alluded to. Who were the first
great machinists of Philadelphia? They were
New England men, who had scanned the advant-
ages of New London before they left their na-
tive New England to come there—the Merricks.
Whitney is a New England name. Bement is an-
other. So you may go through scoresof ourleatj-
ing workshops, and find that the enterprising sons
of'New England, seeking for a position in which
to employ their skill and ability in iron and steel
works with greatest advantage, have passed
through the non coal-producing State of Connec-
ticut to locate where we ask the Government to
put its iron workshops. I findin this constantly-
recurring fact proof of the correctness of my
views. The shrewd, forecasting, enterprising,
and skilled sons of New England, in their earnest
purpose to succeed in life by availing themselves
of nature's advantages,find no attraction at New
London, butcome in swarms to Philadelphia,and
realize their golden dreams. Shall we>in defiance
of the vindicated judgment of so many success-
ful sons of New England, locate a fresh-water
establishment in salt water? Shall we locate our
iron-works in the city of a State in which there
is no coal, while a fresh-water city so abounds in
that essential article? Shall we locate our great
machine shop in a city which produces no steam
engines, and has no mechanician skilled in the
branches of industry to be employed in such an
establishment? Shall we locate it in a State which
produces but about twenty-five percent, of the
amount of such products as are produced withm
the limits of the city of Philadelphia alone?
Shall we, if I may be permitted to repeat the
pregnant question, fly in the face of the experi-
ence of the emigrating sons of New England con-
nected with iron-works and machinery,and carry
these great works to a point which has offered no
temptation to him among them all who was most
j patriotically and affectionately devoted to his na-
tive New England ?
Mr. Speaker, all the argument derived from
abstract theory, and all the argument resulting
from experience, proclaim New London a site
that no practical business man would accept, and
proclaim League Island to be a site to which
they have come fiom every point of the compass
to find their enterprise successful and their labor
well rewarded.
And, sir, we may derive a lesson on this sub-
ject from the war now pending. Wherever our
aimies have had commanders that would permit
them to fight they have driven the enemy before
them; and at least one of the admirals of our
i' Navy has written his name high above that of
!l Nelson or of Colhngwood. Fanagut stands to-
il day in naval history without a peer. Our Navy
■j is the grandestthe world has yet seen. We have
jj added to it more vessels during the last year than
:< it numbered at the breaking out of this war—
h more by neaily twc.ity-five percent.—and yet the
blockade runner makes her way into the rebel-
■ I iious ports. We took New Oileans and opened
| the Mississippi river. We added to the glory of
| our country'and our mivai history the achieve*
:• ments before Mobile and Charleston, but how few .
1 insurgent cities have we taken ? Is it not true that
■ ' Sherman has just concluded or is about conclud-
' ing the most marvelous march ever made by an
' army, a march trom ihe banks of the Mississippi
| to the coast, in older that he might do what our
.i Nav y cannot—open *nn Atlantic port? And why
