m
TBI CONCESSIONAL GLOBS,
December 12,
x^n^tsogajlan^ and, well supplied a Navy-do it?
the southern ports are not exposed,
New London, but, like League Island, lie at the
head of ki vers that may b« obstructed. There is
ths wjtole secret of it. Our Navy can do what-
,eyer a naval foroo with skillful and dauntless of-
fi.ceiiS.can do, but they can-not. open obstructed
riv^rsr,-or perform other impossibilities; hence it
is- t^t-.Qii&riestou- has- l)aflied them for yoars,
aii^Mobile still b^fiks-Farr-agut, the lion-of the
segu Aq4 hi^ory, acknowledging these truths,
wilkn&trdisfarsg&-th£ Navy wlven&he records the
fact.th^t the army of the West marched from- the
M-i^issippUo t-he Atlantic to open a.port and gi ve
a base of supplies in one of the harbors of Georgia.
• Yet* in view of these glaring facts, themajority
of .the $Qmmi,t£oehave reported in favor of putting
the great kon*work shop of the country at one
of-the -faux* most exposed points offered by our
TKh&le,e3£rf.Qnd,ed coast! There are along our
thousands of miles of coast but four ports which
J_4 GlQire,the Warrior, and the other monstrous
iron shvpsof Europe can enter; and New London
ia one of them. Now London, lying about five
miles- from the- open sea; Now London, lying
within two miles of the mouth of a tidal stream
whoso water* are driven back by the salt water
of the Atlantic ocean; Now London, lying within
less- than six. miles of the broad surface of the
Atlantic ocean, and about two miles from Long
Island sound, into which those iron monsters could
enter through two channels, one two miles and a
half and the oUht two and a quarter miles wide,
In either of which no single point can bo found
"with less than ihiity feet of water at low tide.
Who will obstruct two miles and a quarter of
almost bottomless channel whore the great ocean
flbw& into our great American Mediterranean,
Long Island sound? and who will simultaneously
obstruct the other two miles and a half of deep
water flowing under such a pressure? It is a re-
sult with which the imagination of man will not
grapple, and none will say that it can be accom-
plished. This point is urged ?is an ad vantage,and
we are told that New London will thus protect
New York. Why, sit, New Yoik finds her pro-
tection against approach by the sound at Hell-
gate, The traveler of the sound will see that
no large vessel can nowapproach New York from
that point, and that it is there, and there alone,
that the Government can give abundant protec-
tion to New York
New Loudon qajinot protcct its* If, the Gov-
ernment of the United States canirot protect it,
and hence with its magnificent harbor, commerce
has never loeated a matt there; mechanical in-
dustry has never found it a fittingahiding place. It
ie a beautiful city of ten thousand inhabitants,and
if by my woid I could inciease the value of its
outlying lots f would doit. 11 will grow in time
by its sea-side attractions, and I will lejnice at its
prosperity, but 1 cannot consent to piomote it by
making it necessary for all time to come to keep
an iroii-clud fleet, able to cope with the fleets of
the world, to protect the workshops and store-
houses in which we shall gather implements and
materials in time of peace to enable us to engage
in naval warfare, if it shall bo put upon us by
the nations or by Providence.
It is said the Delaware river is not wide, and is
tortuous. It is true it is not as wide as the Mis-
sissippi; it is true thatupon a narrow bar running
between shores not divided by five hundred yards
there is, at low water, but twenty feet and five
inches of water; at high water, some twenty-five
feet or more. 1 think, Mr. Speaker, that the mi-
nority report demonstrates the fact that for wm-
fare on the American coast no vessel is available
which draws over twonty.-three feet of water; and
such I find to bo the judgment of every experi-
enced officer of the Navy with whom 1 have con-
versed.
The shallow bar and obstructions in question
are among the great commendations of the point,
for there, and just below them, we could sink
those obsti actions which we have found alike
dangerous and impregnable in approaching south-
ern cities. Of tins advantage we could avail om-
stlves if nocussaiy, though the nvcr oilers ample
depth fore\cry construetrd, constructing,
or hkoly to bo constructed, to be used m the ser-
vice ofany navy on the Ameucan coast, and am-
ple verge and scope enough for fiee entrance and
dcpartuie for any we shall evet build.
It would be well finou^h in the discussions
which are to take place upon this subject-—for I
hope, as the question is an important one, it wid
be freely examined—to bear in mind the fact that
salt water not only impairs the character of the iron
on vessels, but that it so clogs it as to diminish
essentially the speed of the vessel. So much as
ten tons of barnacles have been taken from the
bottom of a single vessel. Among the earlier
monitors, two were sent home almost-simulta-
neously, for cleaning; one went to the yard at
Charlestown, and the other came to the yard at
Washington. It was found almost impossible
to clean the bottom of that which went to Boston.
Indeed it was impossible to clean it without in-
juring the iron. The incumbrances were those
which salt water naturally inflicts upon exposed
iron surfaces. The other, as I have said, came
to Washington, and after lying one week in the
fresh water ofthe Potomac, a common spade was
the only instrument used, and the suiface was
perfectly cleansed. The attachments are the dis-
ease inflicted upon iron by salt water, for which
nature has provided one remedy only—fresh
water.
If gentlemen will examine the minority report
they will find that the British and French Gov-
ernments have been engaged for years, with the
aid of various scientificassociations, in endeavor-
ing to discover some means by which they may
protect the bottoms of iron vessels against such
parasites, and how they may free them from
them; and uniformly the same result has been
anived at, namely, that salt water, coat them as
or with what you may, affects iron surfaces, and
that mechanism and science have not been able
to'suggest any means of relieving iron vessels of
such matter without damaging the iron plate.
Now, if we adopt the project of estabhshinga
new naval station, and of placing it east of the
Hudson river, whete there are already three; if
wo are determined that we will, against the pro-
test ofthe Administration, and especially of the
Navy Depmtment, increase the number of naval
stations upon the Atlantic coast, and crowd one
more into New England, let us do it with our
eyes open, knowing that when craft constructed
there are ready to go to sea, if we wish them to
use then- fuel with economy, and make such speed
as other vessels make, we must send them to the
Delaware or some other fiesh-water stream to
clean them, and then let them go upon their march
over the mountain wave. There, on the other
hand, while vessels aie being painted or refitted,
nature would apply her own medicament, and the
vessel would leave the wharf as she left the stocks
upon which she had been built. If you wish to
waste some months of eveiy year of the life of
your vessels by sending them into fresh_ water
solely to be cleaned, put your station in salt
water or at the mouth of a tidal stream, and lay
your vessels up dismantled or m ordinary in the
waters ofthe sound or the Atlantic.
If, on the other hand,as 1 have suggested,you
wish the time requncd for lefitmcnt or repair to
cleanse and punly and fit the vessel for a new
cruise, you must put a station with ample anchor-
age nod wharf room and repair shops upon fresh
water. Again, if yon would avoid another ex-
pense to which J have incidentally alluded, that
of maintaining an iron-clad fleet equal to the iron-
clad fleets of the world, do not put your repair
and construction station atan exposed place. Do
not put it whete La Gioiie, the Wanior, and
other vessels of that class may move up to within
two or three miles of your station and bombard
it. Bear in mind that twelve hundred yards give
impunity to an iron-clad against any ordnance
yet tested by any Government, and that nothing
short of a superior fleet, lying at all times to guard
the wide entrance into the sound, can protect the
proposed site at New London from bombardment
by the fleet of any nation.
But again, do you want your great naval station
to be held at the mercy of a few land monopolists
and a few laborers? New London cannot furnish
homes foi the skilled workmen needed by such
nn establishment, and she is without population
from' whiih to draw laborers. But somebody
may say, in reply, that the leport of the so-called
!' scientific commission shows that New London
i! can call upon New York to supply these deficien-
ji cies. Pcimit me, in pacing* to make this criti-
asm upon that report—that it has failed to show
by what process one hundred and fifty miles is
reduced to less than ninety-nine miles. That
report, in the face of all the facts—of nature s
great fact the distance, of railroad tables, of
railroad charges, ofthe scale of time for mails—
the majority of those impartial scientific men in
their report have boldly announced that one
hundred miles is a greater length than one hun-
dred and fifty miles, and put New York and her
skilled workmen nearer to New London than to
Philadelphia.
Now, Mr. Speaker, permit me to call the atten-
tion of the House to a few parallels or compari-
sons between the two sites, with reference to
skilled laborers, and to connect therewith the
idea of the necessary force for the defense ofthe
naval station if assailed by an army.
" The citv of New London, as appears by the census of
I860, litis a population of 10,115. The city of Philadelphia
liu-s over 1J ,000 skilled wnikets in iron and brass, guid over
5,000 skilled machinists; while very few, if any, of the
10,000 people of New London arc workers in iron and brass
on abeale commensurate with establishments unrecognized
as among the shops and foundeties of Philadelphia. The
navy-yaid at Philadelphia is the smallest of our naval sta-
tions. It einploysat this time aboul2,500 workmen, almost
every one of whom is the head of a family, and allowing
them an averase of five members to each family, it will be
seen that, small as that station is, its workmen and their
families constitute a population that could not be housed,
in tiie Philadelphia fashion of a separate house for each
family, in New London, were the entire population of that
beautiful city to suirender their Homes to them."
Where will you get "the skilled workmen to
construct the yard and "build the shops at New
London ? You must import them, and build the
homes in which they may dwell. And in these
facts you find the key to the pertinacity with
which New London is pressed on the attention of
the Government. Forlagain affirm that it has no
single one of the essential elements necessary for
such a station. It has found the sanction of nosin-
gle son of New England for establishing there a
business such as the Government proposes to
establish at the naval station in question.
" Philadelphia has more skilled machinists alone than
New London has male population of all trades, callings,
and ages; she lias moie woikers in brass and iron than
New London has population, male and female; and ller
adult workers in the metals and coal outnumber the en-
tire population of New London, male and female, by more
than one liuudicd per cent." «
Sir, another very striking fact to be borne in
mind in this discussion is that the annual growth
of Philadelphia, for a long series of years, has
been more than theentire population of New Lon-
don , as ascertained by the census of 1860. Gen-
tlemen will find this fact established by official
tables set forth in the minority report.
What is the annual produce of Pennsylvania
in coal andiron? In the year previous to the
census of 1860, as shown by that census, she pro-
duced, of bituminous coal, 2,679,772 tons; of an-
thracite coal,9,397,332 tons. Whilesheproduced
nine millions and nearly one half of anthracite
coal, all the other States in the Union yielded one
thousand tons! While she produced 2,679,772
tons of bituminous coal, all the other States to-
gether produced but 3,162,000 tons. Connecticut,
the State in which, and oil a very exposed point
of which, permit me to say, it is proposed to lo-
cate this establishment, be it remembered, pro-
duces, as I have said, not one ton of coal, and
has not the promise that she ever can or will pro-
duce one. It is not even hinted that coal is hid-
den within her womb. In the matter of iron,
Pennsylvania,duringtlie year preceding the taking
of the census of 1860, produced 1,706,476 tons of
iron ore; and with that Connecticut compares
20,700 tons. Of pigiron, Pennsylvania produced
553,560 tons; Connecticut produced 11,000. Of
bar iron, Pennsylvania gave 259,709 tons; Con-
necticut gave 2,060 tons.
Mr. Speaker, without examining such material
facts more minutely, I ask what is there to in-
duce this Government at this time to establish a
new naval station? Are there not enough naval
stations cast of the Hudson, settle the question
by which standard we may? If they be regarded
as points of protection, are there not in the three
lying cast of the Hudson, enough, at least rela-
tively with the number located or likely to be
located along our coast, to give that protection?
Has the water of New London special qualifica-
tions? You will be told that it is not salt; that the
proposed site lies near the mouth of a tidal stream.
1.1 tell you, sir, that science has demonstrated that
