THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG HESS, PUBLISHED BY R & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 34, 1864.
New Series.....'No. %
such a position is eve*n worse than one of which
the waters are salt to the very surface.
In the report made to the British Association
for the Advancement of Science for 1863, on page
27 I find the following:
" The more sanguine advocates of iron ship-building
have, in their anxiety to prove their durability to be such
as to render piotoetion needless, appealed to the existence
of iron canal-boats of forty years of ago or moic, and to
some of the earliest built iion vessels winch Imve been
occasionally m saltwater. Most of the voxels alluded to,
however, have been puncipally in fitMi water, and on re-
femng to Table XV it will be obvious how vast a differ-
ence there is in the duiability of a ship of any given sort
of non exposed to the action of sea and ot iresh water."
This statement is followed by tabular state-
ments of the results of experiments decisive of
the questions involved.
In another report, made by Mr. Mallet to the
same Association, to be found in the Transactions
for 1S40, page 297, it is said:
" 1 would here remaik a cause of increased corrosive ac-
tion affecting castings, sujii as cast-eon piling, &e.> at the
mouths ot tuial nvois, which has not to my knowledge
struck pievious obacivcss: it is well known that the sea
water, during the flowing of the tide, fiom its jneater den-
sity,forces itself beneath the rivt-j water like a wedge, and
slowly and impeitectly nn\es with it; hence two stuua,
one of fie-h oi biackinh water, the other of salt wafer be-
low it. Thus, while engaged in a divmg-beil suivey of
part of the bed of the river" JUnn, in the noith of Ireland,
last year, i found, duiing the How oftule, the watei sfiongly
saline at the bottom of the uver, and yet fiesh enough to
diink within three feet of the smface; lite total depth of
water b<-iijg abont twenty live I* et; and in the ptoceedings
of the ltoyal Society of Edinburgh (ApnJ. 1817,) will be
found a papei by Mi. Stevenson, U. 13., m which he de-
scribes an analogous phenomena as oeeumngat the mouth
of the uvcr Dee, at Aboideen, in the livers Foith andTay,
and at Loch Ed, wheie the Caledonian canal joins the west-
ern sea." On taking up water at vaifous depths at Foit
William he tound the specific gtavity :
At the surface   1008.0
At nine fathoms 1003.5
At thirty fathoms 1027.2
or completely tresli at the top. and salt as the sea itseii be-
neath.
" Now, Becquerel has proved that a homogeneous metallic
surface, (a rod or Inxiior instance,) e.\posed to the action
of a fluid menstrum, will assume a state of electrical ten-
sion, provided that the fluid in which it is immeised he of
different density in two strata, i. c., of diffeient corro&ive
power.
(( fn fact, the metal and the two layers of fluid constitute
a voltaic pile ot one solid and two tluid elements ; hence,
as one end <n the metallic iod will be m a positive state
with rcspect to the othei, it wili be cunodcd ia tei than the
otlier.
u Now, this is- precisely the condition ofauvcasting reach
hig through a considerable depth ot water at tne mouth oi
a tidal river. The water being-alter below than above, the
pan of tb«j easting immei^ed theiein (the lower end of ;i
cast-iron pile, for instance.) will therefoi e be in an oppoMtc
electuc condition to thai of the pottion above, and the
amount of coiro-aon ot the positive element due to the kind
of l'on and the state of the water will be lurihei increased
or'exalted' by the negative conditionof the opposite end,
which will be itself in the same piopoition pieserved.
14 This principle extend-to very many piacnral ea<e- as to
iron plates, &e., pattly immersed m a solvent fluid, and
paitly exposed to moistair. &c.; and it yuggc«ts the import-
ance ofgiving inciea<ed s cantioig (o .ill catting* intended
to be so Mtuated, to allow for this mciea&ed local destruc-
uon of lnateual."
If gentlemen will have the kindness to refer
to page 26 of the minority report, which I have
caused to be laid on their desks, they will find
evidence from the highest scientific authorities
that such locations are even more destructive fiom
the electiic or magnetic effects they produce than
those which bathe vessels so far as they are sub-
merged in salt water.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose briefly to reca-
pitulate the reasons why, in my judgment, the
substitute, rather than the bill, should be adopted.
It is not proposed by the substitute, as it is by
the bill, to increase the number of naval stations
and add to the expenses of the Government the
maintenance of the entire staff of a new station.
It proposes to meet the exigencies of the case and
avoid that increase of expenditure. It is not pro-
posed to purchase a site, or to accept one on other
conditions than those which propose by the sale of
that now in use to create a fund adequate to make
large improvements, at least to put the new site
in a condition as useful as—nay, by reason of its i
length of wharfage a.id the broad and safe an- j
chorage it affords at all seasons of the year, far ]
more useful than—the piesunt Philadelphia sta- I
tion. It must be apparent to every person fami-
liar with the market value of such property that
the price which could be obtained for the Phila-
delphia yard would make, on the broad surface
of League Island, a station infinitely more efficient
than the present one. Therefore, while it offers
an extension of facilities, it offers also the means
of adding to their improvement. It is needed
for iron-works. It is upon fresh water, and would
be for that reason an infirmary or hospital, (if I
may so say,) in which nature would be the physi-
cian, for iron or plated vessels which had con-
tracted disease while lying off the mouth of the
sound protecting the city of New London, or
elsewhere in salt water.
We cannot keep an iron vessel in Long Island
sound three months and not damage her speed
by the barnacles that will accumulate upon her
bottom. Every day she is there will, if we mean
to keep up her speed, increase her demand for
fuel; for every hour will increase the number,ex-
posed surface, and weight of the insects winch
her corroding iron surface will attract, and create
a necessity for heavier motive power to give her ■
ordinary speed. This may go on for a little while
—a few months at most—until the mass of accu-
mulation shall have become so great that, put all
the fuel you can, put all the steam you can upon
her, you cannot move through the water the
jagged mass of obstructions clinging to her at the
'speed which a clean vessel, just fiom a week's
bath in fiesh water, could make.
We would economize money and time by send-
ing our vessels merely to he in fresh water for the
week that would cleanse them, and to go abroad
again. No man upon this floor will assert that
an iron vessel can be cleaned in any salt-water
harbor except by taking her out of the water by
heavy and expensive machinery, and then using
expensive mechanical and scientific implements
and processes. No man will advisedly assert that
after such application has been made the bottom
can be cleaned without detriment to the iron.
Next, League Island is a safe position; safe at all
seasons; safe if combined Europe should thunder
liom us fleets upon our coast; safe as Charleston
has been made by obsti uctions, as Mobile is, as
Wilmington is, and yet so accessible that the com-
merce which reaches it every year equals the en tire
commerce of Long Island sound, embiacing New
London and every point between that and New
York. It was Mr. Webster's proud butpoetic
boast that fifty thousand sails shadowed the watei s
of that sound. Year by year, month by month,
and day by day, throughout each and every year
the commerce of the Delaware maintains itself at
a point numbering about fifty thousand arrivals
arid departures per annum. So that the river, to
which the objection is made that it is narrow, that
it is crooked, that it is shallow, sustains a com-
merce vastly greater in dollars and cents, and
quite equal in the number of sails, to the entire
commerce of the "Amt'iican Mediterranean."
And, in my judgment, it is a proof of its fit-
ness for the objects under consideration that the
majority of the committee in support of then-
adverse conclusion have sought from every source
of mfuimation, reliable an«i unreliable, evidence
that occasionally, among the more than thirty-
six thousand vessels arriving at and departing
from Philadelphia annually,an occasional wreck
occurs. That they have been able to find so few
is, in my judgment, evidence of the fitness of
the place.
The author of that report is so far forgetful of
American law as not to remember that twenty-
one years of continued residence may change the
legal" domicil of a citizen of the United States.
On page 4 of that report it is alleged that Pro-
fessor A. D. Bache i3 a citizen of Philadelphia.
Now, that distinguished gentleman assures me
that for twentv-one years he has been a resident
voter of the District of Columbia. And I will
inform the majority of the committee that Pro-
fessot Bache, of Philadelphia, m.vcr was on any
commission appointed by the Government. Hap-
pily those who know the distinguished head of
the coast survey will repel any insinuation sgaiast
his integrity or patriotism. . .
But I must hasten to a close. League Island
is on fresh water. It is in a safe position. It is
where supplies of all kinds are abundant. It
is where the commandant, at any and all times,
upon a day's or an hour's notice, may summon
the mechanic or artisan he needs for any of the
branches of industry it is proposed to conduct at
such a station as the Secretary of the Navy re-
quests us to establish. The situation is a central
one; New Jersey,Delaware, and Maryland would
furnish supplies, workmen, and protection to itas
well as Pennsylvania, and with her would feel
its protecting power.
Mr. Speakei, we are acting for the United States
and for posterity. "We are not to legislate in any
mean, narrow, or sectional spirit; not to punish
one locality or reward another; not to canvass the
patriotism of one people or signalize our detes-
tation of the want of patriotism of another peo-
ple. And did 1 believe that there was a superior
site to League Island within the rebellious lines,
which wc might soon make available, I would
say for our country and for posterity, let us goon
for awhile as well as we can until we can secure
to them those superior advantages. I believe, as I
said in the beginning of my remark^, that not only
our own country but the world does not present
the same combination of cheap, abundant, and
various supplies of material and labor fbr such
a workshop as the Navy needs on fresh water.
And so believing, and because I so believe, I shall
urge as best I may the adoption of the substitute,
and the acceptance of Philadelphia's munificent
offer of League Island to the Government for a
naval station and workshop.
Mr.BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, on the 17th
of lust JuuuaVy the Committee on Naval Affairs
were charged by the House with the duty of in-
quiring into and reporting to this House upon the
expediency of the establishment of a new yard
especially adapted to iron-clad vessels, and with
the further duty of reporting to this House a
proper site for the location of such a yard. The
matter naturally divided itself into two branches
of inquiry, and the resolution itself made that pro-
vision, in directing the committee to inquire,first,
as to the necessity of such a yard, and secondly,
the proper point of its location. With reference
to those two branches of inquiry, the result, of the
investigation of the committee is now before the
House in the bill and the report with which the
bill is accompanied.
With reference to the first branch of inquiry,
the committee, with very great unanimity, carae
to the conclusion that the establishment of a
new navy-yard, such as is recommended by the
naval authorities, adapted to the wants of wfiat
may be called an iron navy, had become a na-
tional necessity. It is not my purpose to enter
into details now with reference to the considera-
tions that contiolled the committee in their con-
clusions in reference to the necessity of such a
yard.
But it may be pronjy,* that I should state a few
striking facts to the House from which each mem-
ber may run out the argument himself as to the
necessity of such a yard, which is the first branch
of the inquiry. In*Mje first place, it is a very
striking fact that at tlra^Om men cement of hostili-
ties the American Navy consisted of but seventy-
six vessels of all classes, principally wooden
sailing ships. Of these £nly three were at the
disposal of the Department^ the firing upon Fort
Sumter. We have now in the American Navy
six hundred and seventy-one vessels, of which
five hundred and fifty-nine are steamers,and sev-
enty-one iron-clads. At the commencement of
hostilities the American Navy consisted of less
than six thousand seamen, of whom less than two
hundred were at the disposal of the Navy Depart-
ment for the purpose of managing the ships then
under its control. The Navy now consists of
more than six thousand officers and forty-five
thousand seamen. And while this marvelous in-
crease has been going on two of our naval estab-
