18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
lishments have been lost to the country and ren-
dered useless. Now, these considerations are
very strong with reference to the necessity for new
naval facilities. But a much more striking argu-
ment, it seexqs to me, arises from the considera-
tion of the change that has been effected in the
whole system of naval architecture and naval war-
fare. The American Navy is now essentially a
steam and iron Navy. Steam has become an in-
dispensable element to all fighting ships. The
days of those old wooden ships of war, those
wooden walls rising tier above tier with their
frowning batteries, those wonders of our child-
hood} those glories of our eaily navafhistory, and,
it may be added, the terror of our foes, have
passed away, and have passed forever, and then-
old huiks are now lying rotting at our navy-yards
as practice ships for midshipmen or schools for
naval apprentices. Steam and iron have revolu-
tionized naval architecture and naval warfare the
world over, and especially that of this country.
And, as I heretofoie observed, our Navy consists
of five hundred and fifty-nine of these steamers,
and seventy-one of these iron-clads.
And yet while this is true, we have not to-day,
in the striking language of the Secretary of the
Navy, a yard where a shaft can be made for a
steamer, or a plate for an iron-clad. So far, to
be sure, we have succeeded tolerably well m tins
warfare against a belligerent who is entirely des-
titute, or almost entirely destitute, of ships, men,
and naval resources, and where the exigencies of
the day call merely for the enforcement of a strin-
gent blockade; but if the day should ever come—
far distant may it be, an—when, in a war with a
first-class naval Power, it should became our duty,
ship for ship, and fleet for fleet, upon the ocean
to contend for the scepter and sovereignty of the
seas, we should never sufficiently regret that we
had not m tune of peace prepared an ample yard
for the repair of vessels disabled in ocean con-
flict, and lor maintaining our position as a first-
class Power upon the ocean.
I can only add to these considerations that, as
a measure of economy alone, we have it front the
most prudent naval authoi ities that (he establish-
ment ol such a yard would be a saving of money
year by year to the Government. We are now
in the hands of private continetoi entirely, both
as to prices and as to the time for the completion of
contracts; ami the saving in demurrage, delay,
and excess of pnees since Li)(> commencement of
the wai, in the estimation ol those whose oppor-
tunities are be^t for mlormation, would have been
equal n'vuly, if not quite, to tiie cost of such a
yard as is u commended by the committor. A;s
an instance, 11 has happened that one of 1 he most
efficient stunner.-; in tiie Navy, (he Nia^aia, lay
i'uvfaiirtcen months entirely useless because 1 eoans
could not be effected in time at private yards,
mid in another instance the gunboat It. U. Cuy-
ler for ten months awaiting icpairs which mi^ht
havr been completed m sixty days, and at an
expense equably the entire liist cost of her ma-
chinery. The fc>eeieti<ry ot ihe Navy, in his last
repoir, tells us that two of our iron-dads, the
Mi an to no ma it and Yona wand.i, ate now two yeai s
behind the tune pn.mi.M'J lor their completion
by one of the most 1 esponsible of contractors,
when their pres-mee us 111.> J;um.s u(n or the
waters of the Caiolnia sounds uiU',ht, ^ive a iin-
tshing blow to the toiteim,^ fortunes of the re-
bellion; and to obviate tin- press in,", nece^-iiy, ho
has aheady isfabhsiied lc:i temporal y stations
nlodi; the Atlantic and (Jail* roasts, nam- ly, at
Key West, Norfolk, iJ.-aulbit, New Orleans,
Pensacoju, Memphis, Baltimoie, Hilton llead,
and other places, whose  ggir<;urc cost would
more than c unpensale fn the current expenses
of such a smtiou as ia contemplated.
Viewing, therefore, those considerations, which
we have merely sug^esti-d i atiier than elaboj ated,
governed by the iuet that tiie Secretary of the
Navy has 111 all his reports for the last three yeais
urged it specially upon the consideration of Con-
gress, and the further fact that the President of
Lhe United states has considered it of such prime
importance as to give it special prominence in
his last two annual messages, your committee
could not avoid the conclusion that the time had
come for the establishment of a ^ieat navy-yard
and station to meet the enlarged wants of the ser-
vice and the revolution in naval architecture.
With regard to the second branch of the in-
quiry, as to the proper site for the location of such
yard, I think 1 have the judgment of the House
with me when I say that a question of that sort,
flhe location ot a great naval station, involving an
examination of the most complicated problems of
engineering and naval science, involving an in-
vestigation of a great variety of facts, and import-
ant as it is in its consequences whether the decis-
ion be right or wrong—such a question is one
upon the consideration of which a committee of
this House, however able, might well hesitate to
enter.
But it was our good fortune, in entering upon
this path of inquiry, to find that it had been ti od-
den before by a board of experts raised by Con-
gress for the consideration of this very question;
and that every step of our pathway was illumined
by the light shed by that board of officers.
And here, if can get the attention of the House,
I should like to go back for one moment,in order
to state to the House the history of the legisla-
tion upon this question of the location of a navy-
yard, as all-important for the proper decision of
the subject. The Secretary of the Navy first rec-
ommended this subject to the attention of Con-
gress and the country on the 25th day of March,
1863, by a letter to the Naval Committee of the
Senate. Immediately, with that alacrity of pa-
triotism which always characterizes the <k City of
Brotherly Love," that city at once, with an eye
to the advantages obtainable to the Government
and to itself, tendered League Island to the Gov-
ernment for the purpose; and with a haste that
admitted no delay, and a zeal that tolerated no
modification, a bill was attempted to be forced
upon the Senate fixing upon tiie country League
island as a place for this naval station. And, as
an ominous feature in that bill, significant of the
value of the "munificent g(/V,"an appropriation
of $;200,()u0 was put into it as the til st installment
for filling up League Island. It was only by the
persistence of Senators in the other Chamber that,
finally, the friends of that measure accepted a
modification, and consented that a board of offi-
cers should be appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy to examine all the sites that weie named
and that were prominent before the country, and
to report to the Secietary by the ''selection of
which sue the public interest would be best pro-
moted." Congress directed the Secretary of the
Navy to appoint that boaul, and the question
beine; narrowed down, 10 the opinion of Congress,
as shown by the debate m the Senate, and in the
mind of the country, to the respective met its of
League Mainland New 1 ,o>idon, the Secretary
of the Navy, in the lecess of Congress, composed
that boaid by appointing six men, officeis and
engineers, of whom three w<ie fiom the city of
Philadelphia.
1 know the disclaimer of the ,'rentirmnn from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Knm.nv] upon the door this
morning, that Piofessor Paehe was not from the
eity of Philadelphia. But 1 have taken pains to
evntnine the Blue Hook that is distributed by the
Government authorities, and find that Ptofessor
Hache hails from Philadelphia both as to birth and
as to designation; and that his children and «iand-
chiidren holding ollices in the Navy all hail fiom
the same place, and are so designated m the book.
Now, Mr. Speaker, J allude to this fact, not for
the purpose of impugning the character of the
Secretary of the Navy, i am not to be drawn
here to-day into a discussion of his motives, un-
le^s T am driven to do so in self-defense as the
debate progresses. Hut 1 have a right to state facts,
and I haveii right to the benefitof the facts when
stated. And i state that, the question being
whether New London, Connecticut, or League
Island, Philadelphia, was the ptoper place for a
naval station, and that having by Congress been
oulered to be decided by a board of officeis, that
board of officers was composed, by the Secretary,
of thlee citizens nt Philadelphia, one gentleman
from New Yot k, one from New Jersey, the engi-
neer of the Department, and not a human being
from all New England iu it.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield one
moment for a correction ?
Mr. BIIANDBGEE. iwill; but the gentleman
will bear me witness that I did not interrupt him.
Mr. KELLEY. I think that justice requires
that the gentleman should name the three citizens
of Philadelphia to whom he lefers.
Mr. BBANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, i shall ,
state no fact that J do not hold myself responsible
for, both in debate and out of debate, here and
elsewhere. I trust that the gentleman will chasten
his impetuosity by his prudence and endeavor to
moderate his zeal by his courtesy, and will allow
me to pursue the course of my argument, as I
have allowed him to pursue the plan of his own,
without interruption. Inasmuch, however, as
the gentleman has challenged me to name those
gentlemen, I will do so. 1 name Captain Mars-
ton; I name Commodore Gardiner; I name P10-
fessor A. D. Bache.
I now go on further. Having alluded once be-
fore to the gentleman's disclaimer while the gen-
tleman was out, and that is, i think, his only
excuse for his interruption of me, 1 go on to
state this fact, which cannot be disputed, and
proof of which I hold in my hand, and challenge
contradiction, that before his appointment to this
commission Professor A. D. Bache had written a
letter, which was published in the Congressional
Globe, volume forty-nine, part four, page 3247,
and used in the debate in the Senate of the United
States, a copy of which was furnished to ths Navy
Department, in which he urged the acceptance of
League island as a highly eligible place, and gave
his reasons for it; and that after that letter was
published, after it was used in debate in the Sen-
ate, and after it was on file in the Department,
Professor Bache was placed upon this board, and
consented to act with that record before the world.
Now, sir, why do I allude to this? Simply as a
ground for the argunn tit, which I think is legiti-
mate, that that board thus constituted had no bias
in favor of New London, and no bias against
League Island. That is all. 1 impugn not the
motives of the Secretary of the Navy. Let him
stand or fall by the judgment of his countrymen;
he has friends enough to defend hmt. 1 v*dl not be
either his defender or Ins accuser. Nor do 1 enter
into questions of delicacy or decency with Prof, s-
sor Bache, 1 have a right to say that 1 am satis-
fied with that board, its constitution and its ac-
tion. It was composed of gentlemen of great
eminence in their professions. It had, as its presi-
dent, Admiral Strin^ham, one of the soundest
minds and honestest hearts in the Navy—a man
who had just won the first naval victory of this
war, who had advanced your drooping standard
off that storm-vexed Bermoothes, Cape Hatteras,
and inspired the heart of the country by the first
naval victory achieved during the conflict. That
boaid embraced, as another of its members, the
engineei of Yaidsand Docks in the Navy Depart-
ment—the very man whose business it is to se-
lect the sites for navy-yards, and to construct and
engineer them after selection, and who had se-
lected and engineered the construction of many of
the present yards of the country; a man in the
front rank of his own piofession.
The board, thus constituted, with no bias in
favor of New London, with all those natural feel-
ings, which, while we may deny them, we ail know
we have, and which would lead them to prefer their
own ncighboihood and their own friends; just
the feeling that will actuate the twenty-four gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania in this House to strive
for the iloor the minute I have left it in order to de-
fend League 1 xland ;just the feeling that will proba-
bly actuate the small delegation on this floor from
Connecticut to advocate No wLondon—that board,
with that bias, having made a careful examination
of the subject for over two months, decided* by a
resolution which they laid before Congress and
the Navy Department," that the public interests
would not be promoted by the se lection of League
Island, but would bo promoted by the selection
of New London," which they recommended.
And now, right here, Mr. Speakei, I ask yon,
and through you the gentlemen of this House, do
you think that you are more able here to-day to
decide this question aright than that board 01 offi-
cers, selected by order of Congress for their spe-
cial competency for this work? is there anything
in the temper of this Home, in the habit of atten-
tion evinced by its members, at which (without
f,aymg anything- disrespectful to this House) I
was astonished when I first came here, is there
anything in tiie past study or present profession
of members on this floor, is theie anything in the
subject-matter, complicated as it is, by winch this
House thinks that, upon a debate here to-day, it
can more intelligently decide this question, with-
out ever seeing the localities, than ,t was decided
