1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
concern tin? finances and credit of the country, [
move that u be refaicd to the Committee on Fi-
nan ce.
The motion was agreed (o
Mr, HOWARD, i beg ieave to present the
petition of the gmnd and petit jurors of the east-
ern judicial district of Michigan, praying for ad-
ditional compeu.sntion for their travel and attend-
ance. They complain that the compensation at
present allowed by law is not adequate to pay
their expends in attending court, and that they
are obliged to pay a large balance out of their
own pockets, i move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 present also the memorial
of N. (i. Isbell, collector of the port of Detroit,
piaym^ relief against the operation of the joint
resolution of April 29, 1864, increasing the rate
of duties upon impoited articles fifty per cent.,
which 1 ask may be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
it was so ordeied.
reports from committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred so much
of the Piesident's annual message as lelaies to
our foreign lehuioins, u-ported a bill (S. No. 356)
to auihouze the President of the United Slates to
transfer a gunboat to the Government of the re-
public of Libeiia; which was read and passed to
* second leading.
1usyenuk cutters on tiie lakes.
Mr. SHERMA N. The Committee on Finance,
to whom way lefeired the bill (S. No. 350) to
authouze the put chase or construction of icvenue
cutteia on the lakes, direct me to report it back
with an amendment, and, as there are icasons for
its immediate consideiation, I will ask the Senate
to act upon ir now.
There being- no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to consider
the bill, which proposes to authoi ize the Secre-
tary of the Tieasuiy to construct or purchase
not exceeding six steam revenue cutters for ser-
vice on the lakes, and appiopriates$l,000,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, for that
puipose.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was to insett the woids "and alter" after the
word " purchase.n
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill wnsr ported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN, i will ask for the reading
of a letter from the Secretary of the Tieasury uu
this subject.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Trka^uuy 1)pp vrtmcnTj Decemlcr 8,18G4.
Sir- I have the honoi to iickomvledge the receipt of
yom iettei oi ihe '<tii nt-unt. ieducating nifoiniatiMn a? to
the inuiil)' r ol n-vctuic now on the lakes, their
ellieic.n'v, and tin- iH'ct'^-ny lor ilieii inete?w\
The ntunhei oi citit'Ms heieiofore in-untamed on the
liaithein lakcavd'' mk. They\\<io f-.ulins,'ve>*o!.«, and
ol* -ucU Inn Id iind 1i« to pi event their crm-in? Willi efh-
cienev. in l^f)! fi\ e of theni wete directed to be hi nu<jht
(lo\\n oi • St \j o\ ii'iicp to the Atl.intie co.ih, in tlui hope
lh.it til' \ nojjht he u-cd aus\iiit;t£eoti-ly Mi the jjievcntive
*501 viee. (jlie, w ,t- It-it upon the lake-, but found to be
woi tiller. .uid -lid. Hui iiig the ln-t w mtei a contract w;i*>
made \v Hi) ^ f</ innid an elheient >t,e<um r l'«<i iev< ntte
fi'iviee oe L.ik<> Ivie, whir It vessel !> mi rscail} oompl eted
that h"i 11 tot top !i.e< been o;deied toi to da\. This k- the
on!e -ie.iiii"i helunuu)!? to the Government applicable to
icv( iiue p.i! i<D-e.v on <ul the Jake?.
The neee-,- jt\. however, Jot preventing smutting,ilons
oin north "rn n outlet, whieh the Govern merit tia^ >-Hn-tae-
toiy evuieii'-e i^c-.u i led on to a^t'eat extent, induced tin: Sec-
retary to chatter Two s-t'Minei^ foi tempOid'V semr-e, one
oil L.ike Ei i" and one on Lake Ontano. One of the-'-; vey-
f-U ^ w.b hM on enteung the h.nhor of Cleveland, and the
ehs.uet of the oihei has expned and .die. lias gone out of
toi v 'ee.
1 tiieieforo recommend that authority be civen to betid
or piu'dia-e live etlicient steam ve^-eS loi the use of the
l( venue d< pmtment on lim noithem lake-, which, in addi-
tion to ih" one ju<t completed. wd! make the iiiuubei of
eutfeis pn'Viously employed.
It ts po-M.ble that ihc nuinbet heie jeeotnrnended may
not mi be ctjuned Tbegre.it length of the coa^t to he
.unaided, and m some pait  in clot-e proxumlv to the Cana-
dian shoie, demand constant vi^iance, and tne propyl au-
tboiity sii.Miht b" cotiloiu'd to meet all contingencies.
It pos,u)lo Mich ve^eK should be completed and com-
missioned by the opening ot navigation.
I am, veiy te^pcLtt'iilH, vom obc-difnt ^civant,
\V. P. FjEWSKNOEN.
Sccrctaty <>f fhc Tica^u^j.
lion. John
Mr. FOSTER. 1 will ask thehonornble Sena-
tor, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
if these are to be armed vessels.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that revenue
cutters are usually armed witha pivot gun. They
are not vessels of war, nor tue they armed like
naval vessels. They are not in the descriptive
words of our treaty with Great Britain. They
are usually armed, as I understand, with a light
pivot gun, sufficiently powerful to answer the pur-
pose of a revenue cutter, to stop a vessel or any-
thing: of that kind; nothing more.
Mr. FOSTER. Thereason of my inquiry was
that by an arrangement between the Government
of the United States and the British Government,
if I mistake not, in April, 1817, there were stipu-
lations m regard to the armed forces which the
Governments of Gieat Britain and the United
States should have upon the lakes. If these ves-
sels were armed, they would be contrary to the
provisions of that arrangement. 1 made the in-
quiry simply with a view of understanding the
facts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
considered the arrangement referred to carefully
before reporting the bill. 1 have it now before
me. It provides;
" The naval force to be maintained upon the American
lakes by In^ Majesty and the Government of the United
States t=h ii heneotonh be confined to the following vessels
on each side ; that is«:
u On Lake Ontano, to one vessel not exceeding one hun-
ched tonfi but den, and aimed with one 18-pound cannon.
" On tnc uppei lake*, to two vessels, not exceeding like
burdci each, and aimed with like force.
" On the waters ot Lake Champlain, to one vessel not
rxeerdmc like burden, and armed with like force.
" All other armed vessels on these lak«s shall be forth-
with dif-mantled, and no other vessels of war shall be there
built or anned."
Under this arrangement both parties, both the
United States and Great Britain, have kept reve-
nue cutters on the lakes. We had six sailing
revenue cutters there, but iccently they have been
inefficient, and with'm the last year 
Mr. JOHNSON. Were they armed?
Mr. SHERMAN. They were armed, as I
have mentioned, with one light pivot gun. Five
of them, under the direction of the Secretary, were
brought to the sea coast, and found unsuitable for
the service there, and the other was sold. This
bill simply substitutes steam revenue cutters for
sailing revenue cutters. 1 presume they will be
armed in the ordinal y way that revenue cutters
on the ocean are, with some light arm.
1 will state that, the necessity for immediate ac-
tion is that two vessels were chartered during the
last summer for service on the lakes; the charter
has expired; and the Secietary of the Treasury
desires to cither purchase or construct vessels, so
that they may be ready for seivice at the open-
ing of navigation.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third leading, re.id the third time, and passed.
BILXjS introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 83) to encourage enlistments, and
piomote the efficiency of the military forces of
the United States; which was lead twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia, and ordeied to be punted.
itemtenck ol1 puksident's message.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
0)(/o ah That «-o much of the Picsident's message as
relates to toreigu lmimgiauon be teleired to the Commit-
tee on Aj'iieuiiuie.
deborah jones.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 463.
U came to the Senate dunngthe last session, was
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and has
been reported back. It was my impression that
it passed duiing the last session. It is a very
short bid, and there is a short report connected
wi'h it.
The motion w„as agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (U. R. No. 465) for the relief of
Deborah Jones. U authonzes the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Debouth Jones,
tlie widow of the hue Captain Ezekiel Jones, of
tl.e eoont / i.f O.ii ida. New Vu, k, upon the pen-
Mon iu!I, at the ntte of twenty dolkud pet month,
according to the provisions of the act to grant
pensions, approved July 14, 1862, which pen-
sion is to commence from the 6th of November,
1862.
Mr. FOSTER. A short report accompanies
the bill which states thefacts. 1 ask for the read-
ing of the report.
The Secretary read it. It appears from the
affidavits and other papers accompanying the
memorial of the petitioner that-the late "Captain
Ezekiel Jones began recruiting a company for the
one hundred and forty-sixth regimeatNew York
volunteers in the month of August, 1862; that he
labored incessantly at this duty, and by his oyer-
exertion brought on a fever, with which he was
seized on the 5th of October, 1862, and of whieh
he died on the 6th of November following; that
he was not mustered into the serviceof the United
States until the 10th of October, and, therefore,
although he was technically in the service at the
date of his death, and actually, though not tech-
nically, in the service when his disease was con-
tracted, his case falls without the provisions of
the pension laws. Had he been mustered in live
days earlier, or had his system withstood the ap-
proach of the disease for five days longer, his
widow, the petitioner, would have been entitled
to a pension under existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 424) to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions, which thereupon received
the signature of the President -pro tempore, namely:
A bill (H. R. No. 563) in addition to the act
respecting quarantine and health laws, approved
February 25, 1799, and for the better execution
of the third section thereof;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 106).authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of cer-
tain moneys therein mentioned; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 114) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion
of the contingent fund for enlarging the Navy De-
partment building.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 424) to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, was read twice by its title, and, on motion
of Mr. Foster, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
JUAN MIKAMDA.
Mr. CARLILE. A bill (S. No. 238) to ascer-
tain and settle certain private land claims in the
State of California, reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, was, before the adjournment of
the last session, made the order of the day for this
day. I understand from the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Conness,] whom f have consulted,
this being a California matter, that he would pre-
ft-r the bill should go over and be made the special
order for some subsequent day of the session; and,
with the approbation of the Senate, I suggest, it-
it meets the views of the Senator from California,
that the 10th day of next month be fixed for its
consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I am informed this morning
by a citizen of that State, deeply concerned in the
passage of this bill, that he comes here with im-
portant facts and papers that relate dircctlyto it,
which were not befoie the Senate last year, when
it was considered, and have never been before the
committee which reported it. B'or this reason, I
prefer at present, if the Senator will consent, that
the bill be taken up and recommitted to the Com-
mittee'on Public Lands, before which committee
this gentleman, and indeed both parties to the case
can appear, and by which it can be reexamined.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on Liking up the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. While X am up, I desire to
say to the Senator, and to the Senate, that 1 feel
