26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
upon this question that I have performed nearly
my whole duty in the premises. The Legislature
of the State that 1 in part represent here passed
resolutions against the passage of the bill, ami
those resolutions were presented, and I caused
them to be read to the Senate, and in all ollifi-.re-
spects I feel that 1 have executed my duly in the
premises; but in view of the new facts that are to
be presented, I think it is the duty of the Senate
to refer the bill, and my own duty to move that it
be referred again to the committee, so that it may
be fully examined and reported upon again.
, Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with the Senator
from California. No doubt he is right in saying
that there are papers before the Senate now which
were not before the committee on the former
occasion, and that the bill had better be referred
back to the Committee on Private Land Claims
or the Committee on Public Lands, that the whole
matter may be again examined.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion that the Senate take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT])™ temp ore. NowtheSen-
ator from Virginia moves that the bill bo post-
poned——
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned1.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 13, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BELIES Off AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report of the State Depart-
ment, transmitting returns of United States col-
lectors relative to the relief and protection of
American seamen; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
EXTRA PAY 01 HOUSE EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Clerk of the House, explanatory
of his reasons for failing to execute a resolution
of the House adopted on the last day of the last
session, relative to additional compensation of
employes of the House; which was read, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
RECORDING VOTES ON BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to record my vote on the passage
of the bankrupt bill, on which the vote was taken
yesterday.
Leave was granted; and Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, voted in the negative.
Messrs. Stiles, Ancona, Miller of Pennsyl-
vania, Knapp, Law, and A. Myers, obtained
similar leave, and voted in the negative.
Messrs. Sloan, Wilder, and Starr, obtained
similar leave, and voted in the affirmative.
POLITICAL RELATIONS OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution declaring that the State
of Louisiana may resume its political relations
with the Governmentof theUmtedStates; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
SELECTIONS OF LAND IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to confirm to the State of
California selections of land made in part satisfac-
tion of donations by Congress; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
AID TO RAILROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE, of California, also, by unanimous
conseat, introduced a bill granting lands to aid
in the construction of cprtam railroads in the
State of California; which was read a first and
second titn", and referred to the select committee
on the Pacific railroad.
MINING DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COLE, of California, asked unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to establish a Mining
Department, and moved its reference to a select
committee on mining, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have no objection to the sub-
ject being taken under consideration by a special
committee, if there can also be referred an inquiry
as to the modes and meansofobtainingarevenue
from the mines, as well as the whole question of
mining. If the whole subject can go to a special
committee I think it should have the considera-
tion of the House. We ought not to incur ex-
penditures without obtaining some revenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from California to send it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. What is the use of a
reference to a special committee when we have a
standing committee on the same subject? But I
am opposed to the whole scheme.
Mr. COLE, of California. There is no pur-
pose in this bill to take charge of the mineral
lands, but only to promote the development ofthe
minerals, and a special committee should have
charge of it. '
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not before
the House.
PRINTING OF TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and under the rules referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resoloed, Tkut fifteen hundred copiesof the report of tho
Secretary of the Treasury, with the accompanying docu-
ments, and one hundred and fifty copies ot the estimates
of appiopriations be printed for the use of the Treasury
Department.
NATT-yARD AT MILWAUKEE.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the establishment of a
navy-yard and naval depot at Milwaukee, in the
State of Wisconsin; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
POLITICAL RELATIONS OF LOUISIANA-^-AGAIN.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, J move to
reconsidcr the vote by which a joint resolution,
introduced by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] declaring that the State of Louisi-
ana may resume its political relations with the
Government of the United States was referred
this morning to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I only ask that the motion be entered. I doit
for the purpose of having the resolution referred
to the committee on the rebellious States, where
1 think it properly belongs.
Mr. ELIOT. I would say in reply that there
has been a bill on the same general subject already
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
it is highly desirable that examination should be
had by that committee of a matter of so much
importance. It is one of the standing committees
of this House. I move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and ng.ys were not ordered, there
being, on a division, only eighteen in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded tellers on the nays
and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. J. C. Allen
and Eliot were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered, the tellers
having reported thirty-three in the affirmative,
more than one fifth of those present.
The question was taken, and there was a tie
vote—yeas 66, nays 66, not voting 50; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Blame, Blatr, Boutwell, Boyd, Ambto^e \V. Claik,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Denung, D;\on,
Donnelly, Eekley, Eiiot, Tarnsworth, Garfield", Goocli,
Gtinncli, Higby, Hooper, As>ahel W\ Hubbaul John H.
Hubbard, Hulhuid, IngorsoU, Jcnrkcs, Kdssson, Keiley,
Francis W. Kellogg, King, Knox, Loan.Marvin. MoBride,
Medina. Mclndoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Amos Mver*, Leonard Myers, (Jinnies O'Neill. Orth, Pat-
terson, Porham, Pike, Price, William II Randal!, Alex-
ander 11. Itioo, John II. Rice. Edward li.Rollins, Scofield,
Shannon, Spalding Tracy, CJpson, Van Valkenl)uigh,Ciiiiu
B. Wat-hbmne, William 15. Washburn, Wheeler, Wilson,
and Wiiuiom—66.
NAYS—Messrs. James 0. Allen, Ancona, Ashley, An-
gnstusC. Baldwin. Beaman, Bliss, Blow. Biooks, Brooui-
all, James S. Brown, Chanler, Oox, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Bldridge, English,
Fmck, Ganson, Gtiswoid, Harding, Hairington, Heinck,
Holman, Julian, Reman, Knapp, Law, Lascar, Le Blond,
Long, Lonayear, Mallory, Marcv, McAllister, McDowpII,
Samuel F."MMer, William II. Miller, James II. Morris,
Noble, Odeil, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomeroy, tladioid,
Samuel J. Randal*!, Borers, Ross, Schenck, Scott, Sloan,
Smith, Smithers Stair.John B.Steele, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stiles,Towns^nd, Wadswoith, Williams, Wildei,
Benjamin Wood, and Yeansan—63.
NOT VOTING—Mef-sis. William J. Alh-n, Anderson,
Arnold, Baily, lirandegee, William G. Brown, Clay, Cof-
lYoth,Ciavens.,CreswelJ,Thoina«T. Davis.Driggs, Dmnont,
Fenton, Frank, Gndei, llalc, Hall, Benjamin G. Hams,
Charles M. Harris, Hotchkiss. Hun-hme, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kalbflei^ch, Oilando Kellogg, Littlejohn,
McKinney, Middleton, MoiiiMm, Nelson, Norton, Peiry,
Pun ri, Ilobin^on, Jame> Rolling Strou?o,Siuait, Sweat,
Tha'yer, Thomas, Vooihees Ward, Webstri, Whaley,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, Fernando
Wood, and Woodbiidge—50.
The SPEAKER recorded his vote m the nega-
tive, so that the motion to reconsider was not
laid on the table.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to state to the
House my reason for moving to reconsider. It
embraces a subject which, 1 think, properly be-
longs to the committee on rebellious States, is
weil in reference to Louisiana as any other of the
rebellious Suites. 1 hope, theiei'ue, the House
will reconsider its vote of this morning.
Mr. ELIOT. In this connection 1 desire sim-
ply to say that, when I selected the Committee
on the Judiciary as the proper committee to which
this resolution should be referred, it was done for
two reasons: first, because asa standing committee
it seemed to be the pi oper one for an examination
of this question; and, secondly, because a bill,
looking to the same subject, had been referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
I had no reason to suppose, nor have I any rea-
son to believe, that the resolution will receive any
other treatment than the kindest at the hands of
the committee on the rebellious States; nor have
I any reason to believe that there aie gentlemen
upon that committee who would be opposed to
the principles of the resolution. I am as well
satisfied to have the lesoluiion lefencd to the
committee on the rebellious States as to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It was determined in my
own mind to refer it to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary for the reasons I have stated. As I have
no objection, I therefore hope the House will at
once refer the matter to the committee proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois.
The question recurred on reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Commit-
tee o^the Judiciary, and being put, it was decided
in the affirmative.
The question lecurring on the motion to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Judiciaiy,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved that it bo referred
to the committee on the rebellious States.
The motion to refer to a standing committee of
the House having preference, it was first put and
decided in the negative.
So the House refused to refer the resolution to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The resolution was then reierred to the select
committee on the rebellious States.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved that the vote last
taken be reconsidered, and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTES ON Tlia BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. YEAMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I yesteiday voted distinctly in the negative
on the passage of the bankrupt bill, as some of the
clerks distinctly remember. My vote is not re-
corded, and i ask that it may be done.
No objection being made, the vote was recorded
a§ requested.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I was detained from the
House yesteiday by sickness in my family., I
ask consent to have my name recorded in the
affirmative on the bankrupt bill.
No objection being made, the vote was recorded
as requested.
