1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
TAX ON MINERAL COAL.
Mr. CRANLER asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That tile Committee of Ways ar>d Moans bo,
and i j hereby, requested to take piompt and eiiicientmoans
to leiiuce tiie tax on mineral coal, which beaiswith un-
due seventy on the laboring classes throughout the coun-
try} and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will mod-
ify his resolution so as to instruct the committee
to inquire into the expediency of doing so, 1 will
not object.
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly I will.
Mr. STEVENS. If the resolution absolutely
instructs the committee, I object.
The resolution bein^ modified as requested,
was received, and adopted by unanimous consent.
PUNISHMENT OF CHI5IE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. "WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
for the punishment of crime in the District of
Columbia," approved March 2,1831; wiuch was
read a first and second time by its title.
The bill piovides that the second section of
said act shall be so amended as to provide that
every person duly convicted of manslaughter,or
any assault with intent to kill, shall be sentenced
to imprisonment at labor for the first offense, for
a penod not less than two nor more than eight
years; and lbr a sccond offense, not less than six
nor more than fifteen years.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be hud on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATAL DEPOT ON TIIE LAKES.
Mr. BROWN, ofWisconsin, asked unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution;
RcsolvcJ, That there he nppomted by th<> Speaker a se-
lect committee of seven, to whom, dm iny tins shall
be refcired a!i motions, uwiiimon--. and petitions niam  *
to a naval depot on the 1 ike-., whor-e duty it -hall be to select
the mo-it suitable site on the lanes foi s>uch naval depot,
and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. Spalding and Mr. Stevens objected.
GOODS IN PUWJC STORES.
Mr. STEVENS asked unan imous consent to
introduce a bill to extend Lhe tune allowed fur the
withdrawal of certain goods theiem named from
the public stores.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. ! object to that.
The SPEAKEP-. Then the bill is not before
the House.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the settlement of pri-
vate land claims m the Territory of Ar&ona;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the Hou^e that the Senate
had passed, with out amendment, billot'the House
No. 4G5, for the relief of Deborah Jones; also,
that the Senate had passed a bill (No. 3o0) to
authorize thepurchase or construction of revenue
cutters on the lakes; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the regular order of
business.
NAVAL DKl'OT FOR IKON-OLADS.
The House lesumed, as the regular order of
business, the considejation of the bill (H. 11. No.
536) authorizing a survey at and near New Lou-
don, Connecticut, and the establishment of a
navy-yard for iron-clad vessels thereat, the pend-
ing question being: upon the following substitute
proposed by Mr. Kellet:
Strike out all aHet the enacting clause, and insert:
That tiie Hieietary of the Navy he, and he is hereby,
authorized and ill!eeteil to accept liom tile city of Phila-
delphia a title to League Inland on bebaif of the Govern-
ment, if said title tie petfect, and to establish thereat a
navy-yard and depot foi the constiueuon, docking, andie-
pair oi lion, iion-elad, and other \ e^ ei^.
The SPEAKER, slated that Mr. O'Neill, of
Pennsylvania, was entitled to the floor for twenty-
three minutes.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
the few remarks I made yesterday were on the
point of the indefensibility of the harbor of New-
London and the entire defensibility of the Dela-
ware river, especially at League Island. I shall
endeavor to-day to prove, almost entirely from the
report of this commission, that League Island is
better in every respect, as a location for a navy-
yard for the construction of iron-clads, than any
other point which has been named for that pur-
pose before the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the House.
Mr. Speaker, let me call your attention and that
of the House for a moment to the report of the
Secretary of the Navy. I shall then go on and
endeavor to establish my view of this case from
the report of the naval commission. This House,
I know, is ready to do justice to the integrity, the
patriotism, and the unselfishness of the Secretary
of the Navy. He, 1 am proud to say, stands
above any local prejudices, and is influenced only
by a desire to subserve the interests of the coun-
try and to promote the efficiency of the naval ser-
vice, and to do whatever may lie within his power
to bring us out of this war with a naval power
sufficient for any purposes of any war hereafter
to conie upon us.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it cannot be urged that
Philadelphia has any selfish view in desiring to
have this naval station within her municipal lim-
its. She made the tender to the Government of
this territory of League Island after it had been
suggested by the Secretary of the Navy jn his
earlier reports that a naval station for iron-clads
was necessary. It was made not with any view
of promoting the interests of private speculators;
it was not made at the promptings of private m-
i terosts; it was a noble and disinterested offer of
I that great metropolis to the Government of the
United States for'the purpose of having this navy -
yaid established in the location best fitted for it.
I uelieve the people of New London afterwards
tendered a portion of territory of that city or ill
the neighboi hood of it for the same purpose. No
gentleman upon this iloor has protested against
that. I say again that I cannot consent to the
question of locality controlling the minds of mem-
bers. I cannot consent that wc shall bring into
tins House the issue of wheie the members of
this commission came from, or where the inter-
ests of the membeis of the Naval Committee might
lead tlem. 1 stand above all that, and 1 hope
the House will decide this measure solely upon
its meuts, and not in view of the inteiests of any
section of the country.
Upon turning to a paragraph in the recent
report of the Secretary of the Navy it will be
seen'that it is not the design of the Navy De-
partment to recommend that any new navy-yard
shall be located, much less that it is the inten-
tion of the Department to locate a new yard where
none already exists. This is a question of ex-
tending a navy-yard, not of creating a new one.
Congress is only asked to authorize the transfer
of the Philadelphia,navy-yard from its present
location to League Island for the purpose of
erecting there a naval station for building iron-
clads. It is a question of substitution and trans-
fer, and not one of a new yard, and the gentle-
man lima Connecticut [Mr. P.aASDCccKj is well
aware of that fact. It is not rcmaikable that the
Secretary of the Navy, who knows what the
wants of the Navy ale, and is constantlym con-
sultation with those who know its requirements,
should have recommended the selection of tins
location atLeague Island m the river Delaware.
Almost from the date of his first report down to
this time he has urged upon Congress the act-
ual necessity of establishing sueh a naval depot,
and has not wa\ eied from las earliostimpressions
as to the pioper site for lU establishment. I take
it for granted that ho has examined thoroughly
the majority and minority reports of the naval
commission; that he has not overlooked the ma-
jority and minority reports of the Committee on
| Naval Affairs, and that from other testimony he
has year by year become more fully confirmed
in ins opinion that League Island is the desiiable
locality.
But, Mr. Speaker, on page 13 of the report of
this commission a proposition in reference to
depth of water is discussed. That point has ueon
argued by my friend from Connecticut [Mr. Bran*
degee] very extensively. The majority decides
that the depth of water at both places—New Lon- '
don and League Island—is sufficient for the ac-
commodation of any vessel of our Navy. My
colleagues, [Mr. Kelley and Mr. Mooehead,]
in their very convincing minority report from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, tell you of this
abundant supply of water at League Island. The
Secretary of theNavy,inhisannualreportwhich
has been so much referred to, tells you also of its
twenty-three feet of depth of water. Whatbe,tter
testimony than this does the House need? We
do not pretend to say here that the Delaware river
is the deepest -river on the continent. Nor do I
pretend to assert that it can be navigated a dis-
tance of eighty or ninety miles as quickly and
easily as the five or six miles that intervene
between New London and the ocean. No one
makes such an allegation before the House.
But we tell you that now, when steam and iron
are driving wooden and sailing vessels out of the
Navy, a distance of seventy or eighty miles of
navigation is of very little practical consequence.
I say I will not argue that that distance can be
navigated as quickly as a distance of five or six
miles; but 1 do argue that, in view of its greater
defcnsibility, League Island is a better location
for a naval depot than New London. I have
heard, and I believe, that a high officer in the
engineering department of the Government—an
officer at the very head of that department, if not
its very head—after having looked over the ma-
jority and minority reports.of the Naval Com-
mittee, and having investigated the subject, has
stated to a distinguished member of Congress that
New London harbor cannot be defended unless
by the construction of a line of defenses extend-
ing five or six miles continuous and unbroken to
the ocean. Let us, therefore,come down calmly
and reasonably to the facts of the case, and not
allow ourselves to be turned away from them by
any side questions as to local interests.
1 will now pass to another point, and will yet
ask the attention of members to the report of the
commission, the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, and the report of my colleagues from the
minority of the Naval Committee,and the report,
in some respects, of the majority of that commit-
tee. They will satisfy the House, 1 am sure, that
the Navy Department has taken the proper view
of the case in endeavoring, within the last three
years, to locate the naval depot for iron-clads at
a place where there is no salt water. Well, Mr.
Speaker, as to the freshness of the water. The
majority of the commission on this subject say
thiitthc supply of freshwater at League Island is
unquestionable. The report speaks of New Lon-
don having an abundant supply near it—a mile
north; but the shores of League Island are washed
by fresh water. It is at the confluence of two
streams, the Delaware river and the Schuylkill
river, having also at the north of it a channel two
hundred feet in width.
Then look at the facilities presented by League
Island in regard to the supply of materials used
in the building of ships. There you have the
Schuylkill region emptying its treasures of iron
and coal. You have the Delawaie river bringing
there the timber and coal of the Lehigh volley;
while from the Susquehanna vou carry to It the
same exhaustless resources of Pennsylvania. By
lailroad, canal, and river everything requind in
the building of iron-clad vessels can be brought
to the vci y point where the Secretary of the Navy
recommends the establishment of this depot.
To be sure you can have ail these materials
carried to New London also. You can have them
earned theie from New Yoik, a distance of at
least one hundred and fifty miles. The distance
between New York and New London is greater,
1 believe, than that between Philadelphia and Nov
York by some fifty miles. But will this House
go into the business of "carrying coal to New-
castle.'" Will it vote in favor of putting the
country and the Navy Department to an extraor-
dinary expense for transporting hundieds of thou-
sands of tons of coal fiom its natural bed in the
State of Pennsylvania to New London, some
thiee hundred miles away? Will you favor such
a proposition ? Why, in that one item alone, the
expense involved, at the present rate of charges
for transportation, would be enormous.
So, Mr. Speaker, in regard to iron; you may
