THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
around the Palls of Niagara, postponed from last
session until this day.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the consider-
ation of that bill be postponed, and that it be
made the special order for Tuesday, the 24th day
of January,after tho morning hour.
_ Mr. W'ASflBUR.NE, of Illinois. Andbecon-
iinued from day lo day until disposed of.
M,r. HOLM AN. It is notproposed to malte it i
a special order.
The .SPEAKER.. 11 is not.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the subject been disposed
.of-
■•The SPEAKER. It has not; the questipn of
po tpo,ncta^,pt being still pending.
i\lr. SPALDING. I .ask that it be made n spe-
cial order.
Mr. HOLMAN. J object.
Til.o SP(2AK£R. Unanimous consent is re-
quired to make it a special order, except on Mon-
days.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to.
fHOTKCTION OP CANADIAN FRONTIER.
M-r. B&OOKS submitted the following; resolu-
tion; which wna read, considered, and agreed to:
Resplvnl, That the Committer on Foreign AfT.nr< bo te
quested to inquire into the expediency of forthwith pio
riding, by negotj;uio,n©r otherwise, tor the protection oi our
Canadian and piovincial frontier from muider, ai-joii, and
burglary, under tnepietense of rebel invasion.
PUiiLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to: m
Resolved, That *so much of (lie annual messa<;p of the
President to tho iwo Homes of Congress at the present ses-
sion, together vvaii the accompanying documents. n* relates
jto pubitL* edifices «n.d .gmuuiis in the oily of Wellington,
be referred to the Committee on Public Building? and
Grounds. '
SHIP CANAL.
The SPEAKER stated tho next business in or-
der to be ft bill (H. R. No. 322) to construct a ship
canal for the passage of armed naval vessels from
the Mississippi river lo Lake Michigan, and for
other purposes, reported by the £entleman from
Illinois [Mr. Arnold] from the Committee on
Roads and CaimJw, and the further consideration
of which was postponed until Tuesday, Decem-
ber 13.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move that the same order
be made m reference to that bill that was made m
reference to the bill for a ship canal around the
Fall* of Niagara.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To what
day doey my colleague propose to postpone it?
Mr, ARNOLD. To the same day.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTER OF WAYS AND MlflANS.
The SPEAKER stated that the Calendar hav-
ing been exhausted, the next business in order
was a call of tho committees for reports.
Mr. WTEVENS. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Way a" and Means
shall have the privilege of reporting at a subse-
quent period of the day.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
REPEAL OF COMMUTATION CLAUSE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back the remonstrance of
J II. ReitUey, and two hundred others, against
the t^peal of the commutation clause; which was
laid on the table, and the report ordered to be
printed.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK,from the same committee, re-
potted back House bill No. 586, to drop from the
rolls of the Army unemployed general officers,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee recommend
an amendment to strike out the 1st and substitute
the 15th day of February.
Mr. COX. I will ask my colleague whether
this is th6 same bill which was proposed by him
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 was about to explain.
The first section is the same, with only the change
of date, so as to make it prospective now as it
was then.
There is, however, a soeond section to make
the bill continuous in its operation, so that on the
last day of next February, and the last day of
each month thereafter, there shall be a revision
of the rolls of the Army, and ail general officers
who may be found on the last day of any month
not to have been employed in any way corre-
sponding to their rank, for the three months then
next preceding, shail be dropped as provided in
other cases in the first section. The effectofthe
second section is to make the bill continuous in
its character. That is the only amendment to the
bill of last year.
Mr. COX. I remember when my colleague
introduced his bill at the last session, my friend
fiom New York, [Mr. Kernan,] as well as my-
self, olfeied amendments. I do notknow whether
they are pertinent to this bill or not; and I want
to understand whether this is entirely a new bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a new bill.
Mr. COX. What has become of the old one?
Mr. SCHENCK. That bill hangs in the Sen-
ate. The old joint resolution, for this is a bill
and that was a joint resolution, is substantially
the same with tho exception of the date.
Mr. COX. I would have no objection to vote
for this bill, provided the proper guards are thrown
around it by which the officers who are to be
dropped shall have a fair trial. That was the
amendment of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Kernan,] at the hist session. The President of
the United States can now, at any time, drop any
of these officers for incompetency and inefficiency.
I have not learned the necessity, since the last
session of Congress, of passing this measure,
when the head of tho Army has already the ri^ht
to drop these offieeis. I do not know why the
Senate does not pass the bill sent to them by this
Elouse; peihaps my colleague can inform me.
They may have some reason for not passing it
that tho mmouty did not comprehend last year.
I would ask my colleague to state, if he knows,
why it is that tho Senate does not pass it.
Mr. SCHENCK. ft is as much as I can do to
answer for the action of this House so far as I am
concerned as one of its component parts. I cer-
tainly cannot tell why the Senate does or does not
legislate upon any given subject.
Mr. COX. I think my question was hardly a
proper one to my colleague, and I withdraw it.
But I am opposed to the measure.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do notpropose to reargue
the merits of the proposition reported fiom the
Military Committee. The joint resolution, as
passed by us last session, was discussed until no
one seemed desirous of discussing it any longer;
and amendments were proposed and disagreed to
by the House. The joint resolution was passed,
but the evil continuing to a very considerable
extent, though not to quite so great an extent as
at that time, and the committee, not knowing why
the Senate have not acted upon that j< mtresolu-
tton, have embodied the substance of it in a sec-
tion of the bill they have now reported. They
have further added to the provision used ion which
will make the operation of the bill continuous in
as application. There are no new principles in-
volved, no new questions to be raised, and as the
subject was thus discussed last session, and sub-
siquently presented to the House ag&m by the
committee, I will move the previous question upon
the passage of this bill.
The pie.vious question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
The question recurred on the amendment to
strike out " 1st of February" and insert " 15th
of February;" and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
M r. ELDiUDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 99, nays 38, not voting 45; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Arnold.Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcnnmn, Blame, fJlair,
Blow, Bouiwell^Jojd, Biandegee, Bioomall, AnibroMj W.
Clark, Fu-uman Cliike, Cobb, Cole, Craven's, Thomas T. ■
L>av^, D.iwe-. PawMin, Deumisr, Di\on, Donnelly. Dncrgs, !
KekJej*, F.d^i ton, Ehot, JGntrli^h, Fdiii-nvorth. Fuiek, G.tr- j
field, Gnnskil.GiiMroliI, Hale, f-I.wrinyron. Huh}', Hohuan, 1
Hooper, Uotehki^, AsahW W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, :
Huliiunl, L'i<,'eiM>fl. Jcnckor-, Ka.-.-on, Fmiicis W. Kt llogg, '
Oilamlu Kellogg. Knox, Law,Lazear, Le Blond,Littb'john, I
Longyt-ar, Mamn, McAllister, McUlurg, Mcludoe, Moor- j
head, .Vonill, Darnel Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard lYXyurs, I
Charles O'Neill, Oith, Patterson. Peiham. Pike, i'ometoy,
Price, Alexander I-J. Pace. John fl Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, James 3. Rollins, Sc'.ienfk, Seofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Smith, Smith en*, Spalding, Snu r, St nan. Thayer, Thomas,
Upson, Van Valkenbutgh, &l:hn B. Wa^lsburne,William i>.
VVa-hburn, Whaley, VVnham-, Wildei, WiUon, Window,
Benjamin Wood,and Yeaman—99.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Brooks, James 3. Brown, Uhanler, Cox, Denton, Eden,
Rldridge, Ganson, Guder, Harding. Herrick, ICaihtieisch
Kernan, Kma, Knapp, Long, Malloiy, Marey, McDowell,
McKinney, VViiliam H. Miller, James R. Morns, Moiuson',
Noble, Norton, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Ross, Scott. John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Stiles. Towns-end, and Wadsworth—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Bliss,William G Brown, Clay. Coffrnth. Creswell,
Ilenrv Winter Davis, Dumont, Feuion, Frank, Gooeh,
Hall, Benjamin G. [IarrN, Charles M. llarns, ilutenins,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, KHIey, Loan,
MeBridf, Middleton. Satnuel F. Miller, Nelson, Odell, Per-
ry, Pruj n, Radford,William H. Randall. Robinson. Rogers,
Strnuse, Sweat, Tracy, Voorhees, Waid, Webster, Whee-
ler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fer-
nando Wood, and Woodbudge—43.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered, and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Tiie latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR WILLIAM H. JAMESON.
Mr. GAR,FIELD,from the Committee on Mili-
tary A.ffairs, reported back a bill (S. No. 329) for
the«reliefof William H. Jameson,a paymaster in
the United States Army.
The bill, which was read, requires the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury to allow Major
William H. Jameson, on settlement, a credit of
$959 14, for money in his hands as paymaster of
the Army, on board the steamer Ruth, destroyed
by fue on the night of the 4th of August, 1863.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to hear some
explanation of that bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. A bill passed both Houses
of Congress at the last session, in connection with
which there was a full investigation of the circum-
stances attending the burning of the steamer Ruth,
and a credit was given to Major N. S. Brinton of
$2,600,000, for currency which was in wooden
boxes, burned on board that steamer.
It was also in evidence before the committee,
as will be found in the printed report of last ses-
sion, that there were several paymasters' safes
on board the Ruth at the time of her destruction,
and that these were in part recovered, and that
some fragments of bills, not entirely destroyed,
were delivered up to the Treasury agent. This
bill has reference to one of the paymasters, who
had his money in one of these safes. Tflcrewas
only about nine hundred dollars of it, and hehad
paid out of that sum about two hundred and fifty
dollars to two officers whose names he had en-
tirely forgotten, and the vouchers for these pay-
ments were in the safe and were destroyed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, this, I believe, is one of a
class of cases in regard to money which wa%lost
on board the Ruth. During the last days of last
session this House passed a bill, which I think
became a law, for the relief of Major N. S. Brin-
ton, but that bill contained a provision which is
not in this bill, but which 1 shall ask leave to
have incorporated in it, that the case should be
examined by the Paymaster General, and that the
allowance of the credit should be subject to his
approval.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not remember such a
provision in the bill, though it may be there. The
gentleman will find it on page 10 of the ^Private
Acts of the last Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
know that the House put that provision in.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 have no objection at all
to having it inserted in this bill. It has passed
the Senate, and has been examined by the Com-
mittee oi) Military Affairs. On comparing the
facts in this case with the report in the other case,
we find that it belongs to the same cla^s.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if it is not understood that this
matter has already been fully examined at the
Department.
Mr. GA"RFIELD. It has passed through all
the Departments of the Government, and they
have referred the party to Congress as his only
remedy. The evidence is full and satisfactory
that this n^ney was utterly destroyed except such
payments as were returned to the Treasury agent
