1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who was on the ground when the divers exam-
ined the wreck, and those were returned to the
Treasury and destroyed, so that fraud is hardly
possible
Mr WA^HBURNE,of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio refeired me to the act in relation
to Major Brinton, and I understood him to say
that u did not contain any such provision as I
suggested.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have not looked at the
act. If may b'j there.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I will read
the act:
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department be, and they art- hereby, authorized and re-
quued to allow Major N'. H, Bnnton.on the settlement ot
ins account-., a credit oj .52.GOO.OQO loi money m his liaudtf
a> p,t\nn-tci in the Aimv.on boaid the steamei lintli,aiul
det^toj ed by fire on the night of the <ltii of August, I6G3 "—
Nov/, this is the part of the act to which I re-
feued,and I thought I was not mistaken:
"if, on examining the evidence by the Paymaster Gen-
eral. he, !!ie said Payma-ter Genera*!, shall deem hun justly
entitled to such ciodit; but such chmIh shall not be allowed
without the said Paymaster Gerieial shall certify ins ap-
proval thereof."
That 13 an amendment which I drew up. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
accepted it, and the House embodied it in the law.
1 only desire to have this claim put upon the stime
footing, and I picsume the gentleman will have
no objection to that.
Mr.GARFIELD. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that the hill, as introduced by the
Military Committee of ihe Hou.se, did notcontain
the clause which he has read; I remember now
that the bill that finally passed came from the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I knew that
I was not mistaken. If the gentleman from Ohio
will consent to this amendment, I wilt oiler no
further opposition to his bill.
Mr.GARFIELD. Iwilldoso. Letthatclause
be added to the lull.
Mr. WASH BURNS, of Illinois. Theamend-
ment is, to add to the bili the words, s' if, on ex-
amining the evidence by the Paymaster General,
he, the said Paymastei General, shall deem him
justly entitled to said credit; but such credit shall
not be allowed without the said Paymaster Gen-
eral shall cortify Ins approval thereof.5'
Mr. GA RFIELD moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was first on the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill,as amended, was then ordered to be
read a third time, and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the biil was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
COMMISSION ON TAXATION.
The House proceeded, as the first business on
the Speaket's table, to the consideration of a joint
resolution (S. No. 78) providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission on the subject of raising
revenue by taxation.
The joint lesolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint a com-
mission, consisting of throe persons, to inquire
and report, at the earliest practicable moment, as
to the best and mostefficient mode of raising, by
taxation, such additional revenue as may hereafter
be found necessary to supply the wantsof the Gov-
ernment, having regard to the sources from which
the same shall be derived, and gives power to the
commission to take testimony in such manner and
under such regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and appropriates
such sum as may be necessary to defray the ex-
penses of the commission, including the pay of
witnesses.
The SPEAKER. On the 4th of July last the
previous question was ordered on the passage of
the joint lesoluiion. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr LeBlond] moved that the joint resolution
be laid on the table. On that motion the yeas
and nays were ordere.d, and the House then ad-
journed. The question is now on the motion to
lay the joint resolution on the table, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, ff the motion to lay on the
table be voted down will not the question thenbS
on the passage of the joint resolution?
The SPEAKER, it will be.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire if
we have not got a committee of the House for
the very purpose contemplated by the joint reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state thatthe
House is acting under the previous question.
The question was taken, and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays C5, not voting, 48;
as follows:
YE \S—Me^rs. Jame« C. Allen. William J. Allen, An-
eoua. Augustus O. Baldwin, Blisa, Blow. Brandegeo,Ooi>b,
Cole, Onx, (-ravens, [Jeniy Winter Davis, Daw>on, Deni-
pon, Dixon, Eckle\, Eden, Edgcrton. Eldndae, English,
Farri-worth. Fmckj Gatwm, Gnder, Haulms, Hainngtou,
IJi«b\, Holmnn, A^ahei VV. Hubbard, J.Mickey I'hilipJohn-
son. Kalbfl"i<ch.Kd-con, Francis W.Kello{rg,OilandoKel-
logy, Kernan, Ivnapp, Le Blond. Long, M.HIory, Marvin,
McCJuia, McDowell, Melndoe, McKumey, Darnel Moirn,
Jane's R M011 is, Mort 1*011, Noble. John O'Neill, Samuel J.
Randall, James S. Roiling floss, Shannon, Spalding, Starr,
William (i. Steele,- Steven?, Stiles, Stuait, Thayer,
Tli'mta-, VVid-worth, Ehhu B. W.i-hburue, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson. Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—69.
N \YS— Mevi s. Allej, Allison, Ames, Andei^on, Arnold,
Ashley,John D. (Baldwin, Beatnan, Blair, Boutwell, Boyd,
Bioomall, J unes S Biown, Chanler, Ambrose VV. Clark,
Fieenim Clai ke, Thoma> T. Davis, Demina, Donnelly,
Dnirg--, Eliot, Fiank, Gaifield,Grinned, Gt^wold, lienick,
Hoopa. Hotchkis-, John II. Hubbard, Huihurd, fn<rer«cli,
Kelley, Linlejohn, Longyeai, MeAIh>ter, McBi ide, William
H. Miller, Mooiiiead, Monili, Amos Myers, Leonard Myeis,
Noitou, Cn.ules O'Nenl, Oah, Pendleton, Pmham, Piko,
Pomeiov. l i ice, Radford, John 11 Riee, Sehenek, ScotMd,
Scott, Sloan. Smith, Smiihoi*, John B. Steele, Town^eiui,
Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, Wiiham B. Washburn, Whaley,
VVbcehi. and Wmdom—05.
NOT VOTING— >Ic--t.s. B.uly, Baxter, Blaine, Brooks,
William G. Blown, Clay, OofTroth, Cuvwell, Dawes, L>u-
nionf, Fenron, Gooeh, Ilale, Hall, R njamiu G. Hains,
Chaile* M. Harris, Ilutehm?., William Johnson, Julian,
King, Knox, Law, Lazeni, Loan, Marcv, Mtddleton,
Samuel F Miller, Nelson, Udell, Patter.-on, Perry, Piujit,
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, R>bin.-on, Roger?,
Edward 11. Rollins, Strouse, Sweat, Tracy, Voorhecs,
Ward, Webj-tei, Chilton A. White, Joseph VV. White,
VVuifield, Fernando Wood, and VVoodhndge—48.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
M r. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was laid on the
tahlc, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KKVENUE CUTTERS FOR TIIE LAKES.
The SPEAKER. The next bill on the table is
Senate bill No. 350, to authorize the purchase or
construction of revenue cutters 011 the lakes.
The bill was read a fir*t and second time. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of I ho Treas-
ury to constructor purchase and alter not exceed-
ing six steam revenue cutters for service on the
lakes, and appropriates $1,000,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary , for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
contains an appropriation of money, and if there
be any objection to its consideration, it must, as
a matter of course, go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. 1 hope, how-
ever, thatthe House will hear read the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury on this subject
which T send to the Clerk's desk, and that there
will be no objection to the immediate passage of
this bill for the protection of our commerce and
to prevent smuggling on the lakes.
The SPEAKER. As this bill contains an ap-
propriation, it will require unanimous consent for
its consideration by the Houv; at the present time.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury will
be read, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tions, if any.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Dcpartment, December 8, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the ?th instant, requesting uilotiuation as to the
number ot levenue euttei> now on the lake*, their effi-
ciency, and the necessity lot then mciea^e.
The number of cutters heretofore maintained on the
northern lakes was >ix. They wort; sailing vessels, and of
Mich build and tig Hi to prevent their ciui-mc? with effi- '!
rumor. In tKH live of them wen; direeied to be bioushl ■{
down*the St. Lawienee to the Atlantic coa^t. m the hope M
that they might be u-ed rulvant.ig! ,iu,-l} m the p>eventivo j
f-.nvice. One was left upon tin lako, bin tound to be ;j
worthies*, and sold. Duung the last wintei a contract wa- jl
rn'idc' with pasties to build an clficient Reamer for i-jvcn;i.; .1
service on Lake £ri< ,.which vessel is so nearly competed!
thather trial trip has been ordered for to-day. This is the
only steamer belonging to the Government applicable to
revenue purpose?, on all the lakes
The neee&sity, however, for preventing smuggling along
our northern frontier, which the Government has satisfac-
tory evidence is earned on to a great extent, induced the
Secretary to charter two steamers for temporary spf vice,one
on Lake Erie and one on Lake, Ontario. One of these ves-
sels was lo;>t on entering the harbor of Cleveland, and the
charter of the other has expired and she lias gone out of
service. . v
I therefore recommend thatauthority be given to build or
purchase five efficient steam vessels fortfie use of tlie rev-
enue department on the northern lakes, which, in addition
to the one just completed, will make the number of eirttifif
previously employed.
It is possible thatthe number here recommended may not
all bo required. The great length of the coast to lie guarded,
and in some parts its close proximity to the Canadian $hore.
demand constant vigilance, and tlie proper authority should
be conferred to meet all conungencies.
if possible such vessels should be completed and commis-
sioned by the opening of navigation.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W F. FE3SENDEN,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Sherman.
The SPEAKER* Is there objection to the con-
sideration of this bill by the House at the pres-
ent time? The Chair hears no objection.
There being no objection, the bill was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois, moved to i*e-
consider the vote on the passage of the bill, and
also moved that the molion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I mov<* that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. On that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in order to move that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; that motion would
take precedence of the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. I make that motion.
A Member. Say till the 4th of January.
Mr. BROOKS. The Constitution forbids that;
otherwise I would.
The motion of Mr. Brooks was not agreed to*
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
55, nays 82, not voting 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, WilltamJ. Allen, Alli-
>011, Ancona, Anderson, Arnold, Baily, Beaman, Boutwell,
Boyd, Brandogee, James S. Brown, Chauler, Freeman
Claike, Dixon. Dnggs, Eckley,Eden, Eldridae, Farnsworth,
Goocli, Gudei, Hooper. Hotcbkis.s, Asahel W. Hubbard, fn-
ger.-oli, Kalbtiu^ch, Kelley, Francih VV, Kellogg, Knapp,
Lazear, Le Blond, Lmisjyear, M.ucy. McAllistei, McDow-
ell. Mclndoe, James R. Morris, Moms-on, Norton, John
O'Neill, Pike, John H. Rice, Scott,Smith, Smithers,Spald-
ing, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stovene, Stuart,
Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Elihu B. VVa&h&urtie, and
Wilson—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ashley, Augustus C. Bald-
win, John D. Bald win, Baxter, Blaine, Blair, Brooks, Broom-
all, Ambtose W. Claik, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Daw-on, Deming, Den-
i.son, Donnelly, Edgcrton, lihot, CnglMi, Fmek, Frank,
G.mson, Grniueli, Hale. Harding, Hernck, Higby, Holman,
John H. Hubbatd, Hulbutd, Philip Johnson, Orlando Kei-
Jogir, Kernan, Knox, Law, Littlejohn, Loan, Long, Mat-
lory, Maivm, MeCluig, MeKiuney, William fl. Miller,
Mooihead, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myeis., Noble, Odell.ChaiIe  O'Neill,Oith, Perham, Pom-
eioy, Puce, Iladlord, Samuel J. Hnudaflj Alexander H.
ltice, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,Ross, Shannon,
Sloan, Stan, Stiles, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Townsend,
Tiacy, Upson, William B. Washburn, Wiialey, Wheeler,
William-1, Wilder, and Wmdom—82.
NO'i' VOTING—Messrs. Bliss, Blow,William G. Brown,
Clay, Cofl'ioth, Cravens, Creswell, Dumont, Fenton, Gar-
field, Gn&vvoJd, Hall, Harrington. Benjamin G. Harris,
Cl aile«. M iiani-, [Jutchine!, J<'nekes, William Johnson,
Julian. Kasson, King.iMeBude, Middleton,Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Nelson, PuUerson. Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, William
H. Randall, Robinson, itoger«. Sehenck, Seotield, Strouse,
Vooihee-, Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, Joseph VV.
White, Wintleld, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,Wood-
bridge, and Yedman—45.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles, in which they asked the concurrence
of the House:
A bili (No. 352) to authorize the holding of a
special session of the United States district court
fur fho district of Indiana;
