THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
to be a war, then, of ninety days, nor of four years,
nor of this Administration alone; but it is to be a
war to be passed on from Administration to Ad-
ministration, throughout all time, until the spirit
of toleration is once more revived in this country,
and we learn to revere the lessons our fathers left
fo us.
The subjugation of eight million people! It
is an" utter impossibility; it cannot be done.
The outward man maybe subjugated. He may
be made to bend, to cringe, to bow, to take the
■ oathsof allegiance. With bayonets surrounding
him, you may for a time take from him all out-
Ward.manliness. Butthe spirit within him, with
which God has inspired him, can never be subju-
gated.by mortal man. The soul is indomitable,
although you may have the outward profession
Of obedience. This subjugation can never be
even apparently perfected only by the constant
outward exhibit of bayonets. But whenever that
exhibit is withdrawn insurrection and armed re-
bellion will follow. This nation maybe made a
nation of soldiers, but if it be made a nation of
soldiers altogether, I repeat again that men of our
kith and kiri, men of our blood and our soul,
men educated in ouf institutions,and inspired by
the education which has been given to us by our
ancestors, such men, whether right or wrong,
can never be subjugated. God never made the
race we are born of to be subjects or slaves.
AilEurope—France, England, Russia, all com-
bined—can never subdue my own native State of
Maine. You may dnve the people from the sea-
coast, but they will' go to the mountains; you
may desolate their hills and their valleys, but the
spirit of the noble people of that gallant State can
never, never be subjugated by the whole earth
combined. Eight millions of like men, for like
we are, with the same blood coursing in our veins,
and spread over territory reaching from the Poto-
mac to the Rio Grande, never, never can be sub-
jugated by men of the same kith and kin. Not
only human courage, but climate, soil, and a ter-
ritory fortified by swamp and forest and malaria
all forbid. Every wood in Virginia is a fortress.
Every swamp in Carolina and Georgia is a ditch.
The vastness of the territory to be subjugated is
its great defense. Marion and Sumter in the
swamps of South Carolina kept at bay for months
the finest infantry of England under Lord Raw-
don, and the best cavalry in the world under Col-
onel Tarleton.
I know that these truths are unpalatable; but
it is quite time that they should be preached to
our countrymen even if they do not like to hear.
They are not new. They have all been preached
in the English tongue before, and in another great
civil war. 1 speak but the words which our noble
ancestors upon the other side of the ocean spoke
in the days of the Revolution, when they said
that three millions of Englishmen in the Ameri-
can colonies of Great Britain could never, never
be subjugated by the armed empire of England.
Subjugation they pronounced to be utterly im-
possible in 1774-75, as I pronounce it now, in
1864.
But I am asked, "What are we to do? Are
we to submit to rebels and therebellion ? Arc we to
lie down and let the rebels of the South ride over
us? Are we to give up this great contest, and to
surrender our holy Union and our sacred institu-
tions?" 1 say, never; no, never! Never, 1 re-
peat—never are we to surrender the institutions
that our fathers bequeathed us, or the unity that
they bestowed upon us. But we are to resort to
their lessons and their instructions for the salva-
tion, the redemption, and the reintegration of this
Union. What the people of the North desire is
reunion and peace. What the people of the South
desire is peace, not with dishonor, but peace with
honor. We both desire peace; and why not, then,
try to agree upon terms? Negotiation is the pre-
liminary step to reconciliation. This is the lesson
that our fathers have bequeathed to us. Conven-
tion, consultation—these are the great prevailing
principles of our Government, and the only prin-
ciples upon which that Government can be main-
tained and handed down to our children, unless
we intend to be eternally in arms.
Tel! me not that I am premature in these re-
marks. They are the words of Burke, and Pox,
and Chatham, and Camden, and other illustrious
Englishmen in the beginning of our Revolution,
in 1772, in lTli, in 177G, and until the treaty of
peace in 1783. Let me call the attention of this
House and of the country to some of the motions
made in the British Parliament prior to the out-
break of our Revolution in 1776, and pending that
Revolution.
In 1774, April 15, Lord North introduced into
the House of Commons a bill to provide for the
trial of Boston people who mightbe charged with
violating the laws of England, not in Massachu-
setts, not in Boston,butprovidingfortaking them
to England and elsewhere to be tried. Loud was
the remonstrance from Boston, and from Massa-
chusetts generally, and from all parts of this then
colonial country. But Lord North was sustained;
the bill was carried in the House of Commons by
a vote of 127 to 44, and in the House of Lords by
a vote of 49 to 12.
In 1774, April 19, there was introduced a mo-
tion to repeal the tea duty, and Edmund Burke
seconded that resolution. But Burke and those
who agieed with him did not succeed. The people
of England were no more willing to reason then
than the people of the North or South are will-
ing to reason now. The proposition was voted
downt-ayes 49, noes 182.
In 1774, November 30, in the new Parliament,
the king sent in a speech adverse to the colo-
nies—utterly adverse to their right to control
their local institutions, their right of local self-
government. There was great debate upon that;
but the address was carried in the House of Com-
mons by a vote of264 to 73, and in the House of
Lords by a vote of 03 to 13.
In 1775, January 20, in the beginning of the out-
break of our Revolution, Lord Chatham made
his great effoi t in the House of Lords to have
the British troops withdrawn from the city of Bos-
ton—to stop fighting, for fighting had begun in
the city of Boston, and try consultation and con-
ciliation with the good people of Massachusetts,
in order to avoid the effusion of human blood.
But Lord Chatham if heard was not heeded.
The proposition was voted down (as a like propo-
sition has been voted down in this House) by a
vote of 66 to 18. On that occasion Lord Chat-
ham said:
u Resistance to your act was as necessary as it Tvasjust,
and your declaration of tlie omnipotence of Parliament, and
your imperiousdoctrme of tlie necessity of submission, will
be iound equally incompetent to convince or enslave youi
fellow-subjects in America, who tool (hat tyranny, tvhothur
ambitioned by an individual .part of the Legislature or the
bodies who compose it, is equally intolerable to British sub-
jects.
441 trust it is obvious to your lordships that all attempts
to impose servitude upon such men, to establish despotism
over such a mighty continental nation, mus>t be vain, must
be fatal. We shall bo forced ultimately to retract. Letus
retract while we can, not when we musst."
The proposition of Lord Chatham was sup-
ported by Lords Shelburne, Camden, Rocking-
ham, and Richmond, but was supported in vain.
Tlie British ministry was deaf to the eloquence of
Chatham, and deaf to the reasoning of the sur-
rounding nobility. •
Lord Chatham then took another step. He
proposed, if the colonies would recognize the su-
preme Government of England, to invite from the
colonies a ftee gift of revenue; but this was 10
jected by a vote of 61 to 32.
In 1775, January 29, there appeared before the
British Ptuhament, claiming a hearing, the illus-
trious Franklin, the well-known Butler, arid the
distinguished Lee. They asked to be heard at
the bar of the House of Commons in behalf of
the colonies of the United States, but they were
not heard. They were refused ahearing because
the British Parliament would not recognize the
legal existence of any Congress of the United
States.
fn 1775, February 2, Lord North moved his
address to the king against the colonies; Fox
moved to amend that by censuring the ministry,
but he failed by a vote of 304 to 105. The ad-
dress was carried by avote in the House of Com-
mons of 296 to 106, and in the House of Lords of
87 to 27.
In 1775, March 22, Burke proposed concession,
conciliation, and addressed the House on the
subject. He was heard undoubtedly with far less
patience than I am heard here to-day. His mo-
no" was rejected, 270 to 78. Lord North then
exclaimed—and the like of which we often hea?
on the floor of this House-—that Bui ke was but
helping the rebellion.
In 1776, Congress petitioned the king to be
heard, and the petition was rejected as from an
illegal body.
The Duke of Grafton then left the party in
power, and joined the Opposition. The address
to the king, however, was carried by a vote in the
House of Commons of 176 to 72, and in the House
of Lords of 75 to 32.
Burke then proposed conciliation again, and
asked for the calling of a congress by royal au-
thority to settle the difficulties. His proposition
was lost by a large majority. It is a proposition
which seems to me at this time, in the omnipo-
tence of our power and the abundance of our vic-
tories, ought to come—I will not say from this, but
from the other side of the House—that there may
be consultation with the people of the South to
see whether this horrible effusion of human blood
cannot be stopped. But the proposition of Burke
was lost by a large majority ,ialthough it was sup-
ported by Barre, Fox, and others; and Lord North
was said at heart to favor Burke's proposition.
Lord North, however, soon after, as an organ
of the king and ministry, introduced a bill pro-
hibiting intercourse with the colonies. Martial
law was declared, and the proposition was carried
by a vote of 112 to 16 in the House of Commons,
and 78 to 19 in the House of Lords. And it was
about that time that the British ministryresolved
not to trust to the people of England, of Scotland,
and of Ireland for the restoration of harmony and
peace, but to rely upon the Hessians. The Land-
grave of Hcsse-Casselfurnished 12,104; the Duke
of Brunswick 4,084; the Prince of Hesse 668; and
the Prince of Waldeck 670—17,526 Hessians in
all. This proposition to employ these Hessians
was carried in the House of Commons by a vote
of 242 to 88. There exists at this time in Hesse-
Cassel a beautiful palace, with beautiful grounds,
called Wilhemshoe, and surpasses, in my judg-
ment, Versailles, even, built by the purchase-
money of these Hessians—money obtained from
the British treasury; but no Englishman looks at
it, beautiful as it is, without the blush of shame
that the money of England was used to employ
Hessians to subjugate the colonies.
In 1778, after Burgoyne's defeat, the people of
England, for the first time, began to have some
sense of the magnitude of the war they were un-
dertaking.
Mr. BROOMALL. Let me ask the gentleman
whether those movements to which he is refer-
ring did not lead to the success of the rebellion
in the colonies.
Mr. BROOKS. I will say to the gentleman
that Lord North, the Earl of Temple, and the
Tories of England generally used the very words
that we have heard so often on the other side of
tlie House, " You are helping the rebellion."
But if these men had been heard and heeded in
tlie beginning of the American Revolution there
would have been no war. If the wisdom of Chat-
ham had been confided in the colonies would
not have rebelled, and there would have been no
separation from Great Britain. It was because
the people of England and the ministry would not
listen to the admonitions of these wise statesmen
that the empire was broken up, and we became
independent States instead of loyal colonies.
After the defeat of Burgoyne there once more
arose a great debate in the British Parliament,
in which Fox and Germaine participated. The
words of Fox were ad monitory, and so well worth
remembering that I will read them. Fox was com-
paring Germaine to Dr. Sangrado—
" Bleeding, He said, has been his only prescription. For ten
years that h>i lias presided over Ameucan affairs, the most vi-
olent, scalping, tomahawking measures, have been taken. If
a people depnved ot their ancient rights have grown tumult-
uous, bleed them. If they are attacked with a spirit of m-
f-utroction, bleed them. If their fever should have run into
lubcllion bleed them, erics the State physician. More
blood ! More blood! Still more blood 1"
This was the remedy of Lord Germaine. I
will not say it is the only remedy of any member
upon the floor of this House of Congress.
In 1778 Lord North, now awakened to the per-
ils of the empire, proposed a consultation, but it
was then too late. He proposed to repeal every
anti-colonial act of Great Britain from 17G3 to
1778, and he proposed to treat the Congress of
the colonies as a body to be consulted. But it
was too late. And here I beg gentlemen upon
the other side to recall history, to be admonished
by it, for history in this day is but a repetition of
the past. Holland and France and Spain were
