1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
awakening, and Franklin and Laurens and Lee
and others were in consultation with the rivals of
the English monarch, and those monarchy were
prepared in interfere in the contest between Eng-
land and these colonies. Our Congress, aware
of its strength for the first time, refused to listen
to Lord North. So the storm may be gathering
now. Yes, the storm is gathering beyond the Rio
Grande—a foreboding storm—and the empire of
France established therethrough Maximilian will
soon he stretching its vast arms over the Rio
Grande and interfering with these States of
America.
But before anybody has interfered, before Eng-
land, or Holland, or Spain, or Prance has inter-
fered, I beseech my countrymen, in view of these
lessons of history, in the spirit of forbearance
and conciliation, to endeavor to end this war,
now, when we are strong, and when no foreign
arm is actually upraised, the more to rend asunder
the Union.
Commissioners wore sent to Philadelphia, but
sent in vain. The emissaries of Prance were in
Philadelphia, not to heal the breach, hut to widen
it, and in 1783 England was obliged to grant to
these colonies their independence. I advise no
such grant; I desire the acceptance of no such
proposition. I am mdisposedeverto receivesueh
a proffer of peace as that; but at this day, and at
this hour, holding up the lessons of history, 1 be-
seech this honorable Mouse to study these lessons
of histoiy before it is too late,and secureapeace
when it can be done by mingled kindness and con-
ciliation as well as by foice of arms.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question: suppose the Government of the Uni-
ted States should adopt the plan he suggests for
restoring peace to the country, and that plan should
fail, is the gentleman ready then to wage war
against this rebellion until it shall have been
crushed and the authotiiy of the Government
maintained; or would he then acknowledge the
independence of the rebel States?
Mr. BROOKS. Never wilt I consent to ac-
knowledge their independence. We are one peo-
ple, one country, and have one destiny; it is writ*
ten out by the fingerof Omnipotence.
Mr. WILSON. With all respect to the gen-
tleman from New York, I desire an answer. I
wish to know whether, if these means should fail,
the gentleman would then be willing to wa^e this
war for the suppiession of the rebellion. It not,
wliat means would the gentleman have the Gov-
ernment adopt?
Mr. BROOKS. I am coming to that. I was
about to say, when thogentleman interrupted me,
that God made this for one country. Omnipo-
tence seems to have written out for it one destiny
and one law. It is written outin the rock-ribbed
AHeghames, which extend from the Hudson al-
most to the Mississippi; it is written out on the
great father of the waters with its hundred thou-
sand miles of navigation. VVe are made for one
people, and what God has put together no man
can put asunder.
But more, war is not the remedy; it is not the
Christian, it is not the civilized remedy forthis dis-
aster and trouble in winch we are involved at the
present hour. Our first duty is to try concilia-
tion and landless; our first duty is to imitate the
proposition of Burke m the British Parliament—
negotiation. If we olfer negotiation, and the South
reiuso to hear negotiation upon justand equitable'
terms, the South will be divided and we shall be
united. The war will then be there a war at the
ballot-box, and in the southern country; not here
a war of blood and devastation. Our remedy is
not the sword, itisnotthe cartridge-box, until all
other remedies whatsoever have been exhausted.
Then, as Christians, if we are Christians, or
profess Christianity, our first duty to God, our
fitst duty to our institutions, is to assemble in
convention and to try reconciliation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I should like to have a little
more time to conclude my remarks.
Mr. GARFIELD. { move that thegentleman
have leave to £o on.
The CHAIRMAN. Leave can be granted by
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. Whenever the day and hour
come when Cluibtiamty fails to tctstoie peace,
when the example of our fathers who assembled
in convention fails to restore peace, I shall be
ready to mark out the course that I will pursue,
and I tell the honorable gentleman again that I
never, never will consent to a severance of this
Union. I wish to be so understood, not only here,
but everywhere. I wish my voice, if possible, to
be heard South as well as North. Every human
effort that can be made by the arts of peace should
be made, and if the Union cannot be restored ex-
actly as it was, in the same words and in the same
letters, I am prepared for some other bargain which
will again be satisfactory to all sections of this
Union.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask whether, in any
event, under any circumstances, thegentleman is
in favor of maintaining the Union by war against
the rebellion.
Mr. BROOKS. I repeat that under no circum-
stances will I ever consent to ask for a passport to
go to Mount Vernon orMonticello or to the tomb
of Marshall, or to demand one to go to Concord
and Lexington and Bunker Hill. Under no cir-
cumstance, if I descend or ascend the Mississippi,
will I ever consent to have my baggage examined
by the officers of a foreign country upon the banks
of that river.
Mr. WILSON. I submit that the gentleman
has not answered my question directly. 1 ask
again whether the gentleman is willing, under any
circumstances, to secure to himself the enjoyment
of the privilege he has mentioned through force
of arms against the rebellion.
Mr. BROOKS. If it be necessary; iftheSouth
has no reason; if it will hear nothing of peace;
if it will obstruct the Mississippi and the Chesa-
peake, and is determined to take from us the rights
which we have had from our ancestors, then a
new case will arise; but until that case arises in
the rebellion, I do not propose to mark out the
course which I will pursue hereafter.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now ask if in any event, in
the new case, he would then be willing to wage
war against those now in rebellion against the
authority of the Government.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not believe that after any
of these efforts for peace there would be any such
new case. But, on the contrary, if the war should
be persisted in, I am ready and willing to main-
tain those rights as they have b'een handed down
to us by our ancestors. I know the astuteness
of the gentleman from Iowa, and I see the coterie
of claqutrs by which he is surrounded in this
effort to catechise me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BROOKS. I am afraid thegentleman does
not give a right interpretation to my words. I
mean nothing objectionable to the gentleman. I
do not wish to say anything that may be offen-
sive. I think I have expressed myself cleaily.
What I object to is laying down what 1 would do
in a certain contingency; because what may hap-
pen hereafter I cannot say. I cannot lay down
a programme for the future; but as explicitly as
a man can say it, I have said, and repeat, that
under no circumstances will I ever consent to a
seveiance of the Union of these States.
Mr. WILSON. But the gentleman did state
a case which may occur in the future, and I ask
him again, in the event of that case occurring, is
he willing to meet it by force of arms?
Mr. BROOKS. Whenever the South refuses
all pi offers of peace whatsoever, 1 am ready, upon
the reserved rights of this nation, to maintain its
legitimate constitutional authority by force of
arms. [Several Members. " Now you've got
it."] There maybe various ways of settling the
difficulties with the South; even the slave ques-
tion may be got over. The honorable gentleman
from Wisconsin maybe gratified by refusing the
South the right of representation for us slaves on
the three-fifths principle. I think the South would
willingly consentto that and to have every negro
there count one, as at the North. I think there
will be no difficulty about that. I think that the
subject of the fugitive slave law, which is so of-
fensive to the gieat mass of the northern people,
may be arranged. I see no essential difficulty m
that.
The great object in the formation of the Union
was commerce and trade. Commerce and trade
formed this Union, not patriotism altogctheu It
was because of the difficulty of having an equal
system of duties between Rhode Island and New
York and Connecticut, and between Annapolis,
in Maryland,and the eastern coast of Virginia, so
as to have one commerce, that this Constitution
was made.
We might have a zollverein, as they have in
Germany, for the collection of our duties. All
those difficulties thatexistnow between ourselves
and our southern countrymen might be adjusted
in convention, by peaceable negotiation. 6at,as
1 have shown before by the exatxiple of nations
that have gone before us, in my judgment they
never can be adjusted by arms. In the end, as
the President of the United States said in his in-
augural address, we must come to terms by nego-
tiation.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from New
York, with a view to get his opinion on the sub-
ject, permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. Itisthis. The gentleman from
New York has run a parallel, instead of a con-
trast, between this causeless and infamous rebel-
lion and that of our fathers against the English
Government for a cause which theyavowed with
a list of their grievances. He now asserts it as a
fact that, with a proper proffer of terms on our
part, the Union can be restored. I ask him to give
to the House the benefit of his information on that
point. What evidence has he got that the South
will come back into the Union on any terms con-
sistent with the preservation of the Constitution
and the Union? The evidence is what I desire.
Mr. BROOKS. What evidence could I have?
If I should speak to some southern man, or if I
should write to some southern man, I should, in
doing so, be violating the laws of the country.
I cannot write to any man in the South. I can-
not commune with anybody in the South. That
is one of the difficulties of the position.
Mr. KASSON. The distinguished gentleman
from New York has affirmed the fact that peace
can be restored on that basis. I wish the evi-
dence of the fact on which the whole argument
rests.
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose we try. At an early*
period of the war a gentleman from the State gf
Georgia, well known in this House, a gentleman
who is now vice president of the so-called south-
ern confederacy, made an effort to be heard in the
interest of peace, and was refused an audience.
Another effort was made from the Canadian front-
ier, but the President of the United States did
not permit it to come to any conclusion. Under
the laws of ourcountry, 1 repeat, it is impossible
for an individual legitimately to obtain informa-
tion from the southern country. Hence it is im-
possible for me to answer the question of the
gentleman from Iowa. All that I can say is—try,
try. If we succeed, immortality will rest upon
our efforts. If we fail, we shall be right as against
the South; and the responsibility will be on south-
ern heads.
Mr. KASSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New York to say that any authorized
commission to treat for peace on the basis of the
Union has ever been refused to be received by
this Government, either from Canada, Fortress
Monroe, or elsewhere—any authorized commis-
sion to treat for peace on the basis of the Union ?
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Stephens, ofGeorgia, had
a commission which was understood to be for
peace, and he was not received.
Mr. KASSON. It is denied by the head of
that rebel government himself.
Mr. BROOKS. And is affirmed by Mr. Ste-
phens in a speech which he has made in the
South.
Mr. KASSON. I have not seen that speech.
I differ with the gentleman from New York on
the point of fact.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I am well aware
that at this period of the history of the country
it is in vain to make such speeches as I am now
making. I make them, not for the present mo-
ment, but to sow the seeds of thought and of con-
sideration for the people of this great country. I
make them to be considered and dwelt upon here-
after, and 1 hope that they will lead to reflection
throughout the country. I hope the Republican
side of the House will cease to cherish that feel-
ing against us on this side of the House in which
they have hitherto indulged. We desire Union
as much as they do; but we do not see, in their
