m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
mode and manner of obtaining that Union, any
good result possible, and we do not believe that it
is possible. I address my remarks to the House,
in accordance with my purporse to try and produce
some community of feeling, some community of
.action, which may, hereafter,.be useful to our con-
stituents. If I were acting the mere role of an
.Opposition member, I should, do nothing but
throw obstacles in the way of the other side of the
House; but I hold it to be the duty of a man in
the Opposition to propose as well as to oppose;
and hence the propositions which I have put out.
No man on that side of the House, I call God
to witness, desires the reunion of these States
more ardently than I desire it. No man would
make greater sacrifices than I would make to
restore to peace and harmony this now bleeding
counlry. But I speak in vain. I am in a mi-
nority on the floor of this House, and will be in
a greater minority hereafter. I can only appeal
to,my countrymen, to their good feeling, to their
reason and their sense. To them I appeal as to
Americans having a great history, not now, I
tiust, to end. I appeal more especially to New
England men, for independence, self-action, and
individuality upon this floor. 1 appeal to that
State in which I was born—the State of Massa-
chusetts—which sometimes thinks and acts for
herself, independent even of party chains. Let
her step forth and act now on this great occasion,
and immortalize herself, as she has heretofore
done.
Mr. ELIOT. I would ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] if it is not true
that the part of Massachusetts in which he was
born belongs now to the State of Maine?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think the gentleman
should ask so impertinent a question as that. The
wit of the remark docs not compensate for the
time of the House occupied by it.
Mr. ELIOT. It has truth in it, at all events.
Mr. BROOKS. I am happy to say that I was
not born in that part of Massachusetts which the
gentleman represents. These personalities are
wholly uncalled for.
, Tliere was a period in the history of Massa-
chusetts when that State, great and powerful in
Iter control over the Revolution of 177G, forgetting
the rival claims of her own eminent sons, and
even forgetful of the good city of Boston, in the
person of John Adams nominated a slaveholder,
George Washington, of Virginia, to be the Com-
mander-in-Chiefof thearmies of the United States.
It is in tha,t spirit that I invoke Massachusetts
men to act now; I implore Massachusetts men to
look back to these antecedents of their history and
emulate the glory of that era. And I also appeal
to other New England men upon the floor of this
House; and to those who come from the far dis-
tant shores of the Pacific I thus appeal, because
this Government is nowaNew England Govern-
ment, and, in the main, in the hands of New Eng-
land men.
Throughout the vast regions of the lakes, across
the Rocky mountains, the New England element
governsandcontrols this country. I appeal, there-
fore, to the three New England men from the State
of Iowa, and to the honorable gentleman, the lead-
ing member from the State of Illinois. I appeal to
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] the monitor and the Mentor of this
House, who was born among the Green mount-
ains of Vermont, and who exercises so omnipo-
tent an influence in controlling the deliberations
of this body; to him I appeal for support of this
effort to bring peace agam to our people. Let us
together try to do honor to New England men
and New England history, forgetful of those pro-
vincialisms which have been fostered by this civil
war, and, if possibfe, accomplish the restoration
of this Union.
Oh, that it was within ,my power to go within
the portals of the White House, and to approach
the Chief Magistrate there; I would do what, alas!
as an impenitent sinner, I do not dare do to my
Maker—on bended knees implore him in his now
almost omnipotent authority to exercise all the
powers of Christianity, all the lessons, all the arts
of peace for the restoration of this now divided
and broken Union, and to stop the further effu-
sion of human blood. In the name of that great
patriot whom we once in common revered, whose
voice has been so often heard in the deliberations
of this Capitol, in the name of Henry Clay, in
whose company, in the better days of theRepub- [,
lie,-we both marched together, I would invoke jj
him to remember the history of that great man. i;
'Thrice by efforts of conciliation he averted the ;
evils of.pivil war. First upon the Missouri ques- *
tion in 1820; then in 1832, in the Senate, by his
action upon the tariff, in eloquence which stirred
the nation's heart, and which had an omnipotent
and controlling influence then over both Houses
of Congress, he again stopped the threatened effu-
sion of human blood. And in the great compro-
mise questions of 1850, by his eloquence, his
power, his wisdom, his social influence, as well
as by his omnipotence in debate, by the respect
which all portions of this country had for that
great and illustrious man, civil war was again
averted from this unhappy land.
Oh, that 1 could approach the White House,
and repeat to the Chief Magistrate the lessons of
our illustrious teacher, and invoke him to follow
that illustrious example, and todo himself the im-
mortal honor, to be, not the last President of the
United States, but the saviour and restorer of this
divided, distracted, and bleeding Union.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, I have heard it
said that genius is the crowning diadem on the
brow of manhood; but if I had ever been induced
to believe the declaration, I should have changed
my opinion since I became a member of tins
House. I have listened, sir, as this House has
done, frequently—again and again—to ftie honor-
able gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
when he has held spell-bound the members of
this body upon questions that have agitated this
country from its center to its circumference; and
when I have returned to my home on the western
bankof theMississippi,and my constituents have
asked me concerning the members and the doings
of this House, and when they have asked me the
question " Who is the best orator in the lower
House of Congress?" I have invariably referred
them to the gentleman from New York who has
just taken his seat. His silvery accents, his smooth
sentences, his well-informed mind, enlightened not
only from history, but from his travels in foreign
lands, qualify him admirably to entertain and to
instruct an audience of this or any other kind.
But, sir, I regret to say, and I say it with sin-
cere sorrow, that his ingenuity is equal, if not
superior, tolas genius. Sir, there is not a man
upon either side of this House to-day, who has
listened to the honorable gentleman's speech of an
hour and a half, his eloquence, his rhetoric, his
oratory, but must be satisfied that the entire aim
and intent of the whole speech and the desire ofthe
man are that it shall aid the enemies of our coun-
try, and as a consequence depress the friends of
the Administration and of the Government and of
the civil and religious institutions with which we
are blessed in this land. Slavery—the very thing
that the honorable gentleman told us in that very
place at the last session of Congress was dead—
slavery is the alpha and the omega of that speech.
That speech, I undertake to say, without fear of
successful contradiction, is intended to strengthen
the hands of the slaveholders and the hands of the
rebels; and in just so much as it strengthens their
hands it weakens ours, and causes the blood of
patriot hearts to flow upon southern soil. No
other conclusion can be arrived at.
Sir, I like to meet gentlemen with their own
arguments What I may say in reference to that
gentleman or any other gentleman on this floor
upon this question would have but a tithe of the
weight (if it had so much) that would attach to a
declaration coming from the gentleman's self upon
this question. And I want nothing stronger, I
want nothing clearer, I want nothing more con-
clusive than what the gentleman who has just
taken his seat after his eloquent effort has given
to the American people upon this subject. It is
fortunate for some men that they write; it is very
unfortunate for others that they write and publish
their writings; and I now can understand, if I
never did before, the force of the sentiment long
since expressed by an eminent individual, " Oh,
that mine adversary had written a book!" My
friend from New York has written, if not a book,
at least a good many pieces in newspapers, and
if they were put together and bound they would
make a book. But whether a book ornot, they are
equally binding, and of equal force on this occa- |
sion.
Slavery—that thing that was "dead," and
which the gentleman from New York now seeks
to resurrect—is not the blessed boon to the hu-
man family that he and others would have us
believe at this day, if he is to be believed in his
declarations made a few years since upon this
same question. I read from his own language.
" Washington, March 8, 1833," is the date.
This is December 14,1864. Strange thatalittle less
than thirty-one years should change so greatly a
man's sentiments, change his opinions, change his
language, change his very being, if that were pos-
sible. Now, sir, let me tell that gentleman that,
although I have never been across the Atlantic,
although I claim not his knowledge of the lan-
guages or his polished, silver-tongued oratory,
there is one truth that outweighs all these—that
is, that prmiiples are eternal. What was right
in 1833cannot be wrong to-day. What was right
a thousand years ago must be right to-day, and
will be if we live a billion of years in the future.
Now, sir, what was right in 1833 in reference to
that question, the gentleman himself being the
judge in the case? He is posted upon this ques-
tion. It is not a matter of yesterday with him.
It is a question to which he lias given the atten-
tion of his life and one upon which he is at this
day eminently qualified to instruct the American
people. He says:
" Slavery carries with it its own afflictions, its own pun-
ishments. It is «i dead drag to the body-pohtic."
Ay, sir, and I think that some of the gentle-
men's friends on the 8th of last November found
it to be so much of a " dead dra^ " ! hat the party
who attempted to drag it found 'themselves dead.
" ft is a dead ding to the body-pohne. It N impossible
for any community to prosper with if ir. it; bosom."
So I think, so think the majority of the Amer-
ican people—that it is impossible for them to
prosper with that " dead drag" hung upon their
backs; and therefore they now feel disposed to
get rid of it.
"The affliction bears as heavily upon the master as upon
the slave."
Yea, verily, does it! It does bear heavily upon
the master as well as upon the slave, and thousands
and tens of thousands of the free and loyal men of
this land have suffered not only m their rights
but have gone down to their graves because sla-
very has existed in this country.
" Ir endangers the peace and happiness of tile master.'*
Does the gentleman wish to endanger the peace
and happiness of his friends in the South ? If
not, why does he come into this Congress and
continue his present course of conduct?
" And robs the slave of his fieedom and his birthiiglat."
So we think.
" As to prosperity and the accumulation of property, it
keeps the master in the rear of others m a like situation
exempt from this evil, and thus depiesscs lum when it de-
presses his servant. It is demon.-.n<ible, m my opinion,
that that community of whites, taken as a whole, must be
happier, more prosperous, and richer, where slavery is pro-
hibited than where it is allowed."
Now I wish to say to the gentleman from New
York that we are in favor of prohibiting slavery.
Does he say that is wrong? He says that it
produces unhappiness. Itishis own language—
not dictated to him by me; not dictated to him by
any gentleman on this side of the House, or any
gentleman upon this floor, for it was written at a
time when no man who occupies a seat here now
was a member of this House. It was his candid
.opinion on the question.
It may be replied that the effort to-day, and the
efforts heretofore, have not been made with the
intention of strengthening slavery. Then what
have they Tjeen made for? Is it only an exhibi-
tion of oratory and eloquence? The gentleman
has traveled over the continents of Europe and
Asia and Africa, he has quoted the history of
ancient and modern times, and, not content with
profane history, he has given us ample quotations
from the Scriptures. Iam astonished, utterly as-
tonished, and unable to account for it, that after
quoting from the Old Testament and from the New
Testament, yet m the same speech, before the
words had scarcely passed from his hps, he tells
you he does not bow the knee to his Saviour.
Well, I say, God save me from the man who
quotes Scripture and yet denies its force. It
may be right for some men, but I am earnest and
sincere, when I make the prayer that I want to be
saved from men of that kind. I want to be saved
from them morally, religiously, and politically.
