1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4a
There may be sincerity there, but 1 lack the ap-
prehension to see it.
But that is not all. There is a great deal which
the time of the House will not justify me in read-
ing. But I do not intend that his speech shallgo
to the world, ingenious as it is, without being
contradicted. I do not want that it shall be con-
tradicted by any gentleman in this House, and
there are many more able to reply to it than I am.
I am not satisfied with that kind of answer; for
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, and I tell this House
to-day, that when the Globe shall go to the world
with the speech of thegentleman from New York,
which is intended to undermine the fair fabric of
our ft op institutions by embarrassing the Govern-
ment, it shall curry the poison and the antidote
m his own language. I want the gentleman from
New York answered by the same gentleman from
New York. I hope the reporters will take par-
ticular pains to ropoit this pmt of my specch.
Who does not t-oo, then, that u is fen the intcion oftlie
Nuitli Jo have tho South a Mavoholdmg people? Cupidity
and meanness ind avarice all point that way. Give the
South, with the climate, tho fice labor ot the Noith, and
tho Noah, with 1k-i rocks awl hoi ice, must yield. The
South i,nM Ixh omc moie prosperous. The people must
bccome nohei. The eountiy mu->t become hotter popu-
lated ; lot it is a lawot oui nature that what we do ior our-
«elve.- wo do with a bettor heait than what we do foi others
Noitiiein people, then, have no interest in liberating tlie
slaves ol the South.1'
Is that the reason why the gentleman opposes
the liberation of the slaves ? 1 do not say that it
is, but it is the fair inference from what he wrote
in 1S33.
Again he says:
" I do not agree with many whom I meet with here, and
who f*ay, jud^ine tiom what they see, that the negioes are
an intouor taee ot'men, and thorefoie ' we have a right to
make them *utwiviont to us.' "
1 call the attention of the Hou.se to that lan-
guage. The gentleman believes the riegmes are
not an inferior race. If he does not be Ik ve them
infoiior he must believe they aie at Jeast equal
to us.
F deny the piemiso*, or, granting them, deny the infer-
ence. I can find nonroe*, very many, even hoio, who aie
active and bright, and who, u educated, would make afi^uie
hi the wotld—
Ay, " make a figurem the woild." And are the
chains to be riveted and the shackles fastened upon
those men who, if free and possessed of the ad-
vantages of education would make a figure in the
"world?—
'•who are bettor gifted, and better instiuctod also, than
Sjome ol the whites on tin: t.md lulls n; the pine b.uion .
AVhy, it seems to me that the vision of some
departed old abolitionist appeared u> the gentle-
man from New Yotk when he wrote these lines.
It would seem as if lie had imbibed the spirit of
Phillips, or some other abolitionist, when he
penned these lines to a friend in New York:
''But the great ot the wiiole black rnoe rue deplorably
lguotJiH, d"p|oiai)lj incapable. Some of the freed negroes
ate the most stupid animated matter I ever met with."The
well-named dog has wore intelligence th:m they have.
OtbPis about hou-e, wiio come m daily contact with their
ma'steih and tneir famines, aie blight, moie or few, com
parativeiy speaking; lhu-> -howimi that it is ignorance,
w mt ot education or association with educated men that
hi ,iliftes them; and [ have ob?eivcd veij often that where
there is the gieate^t mass ot ignorance* theio i<5 the most
iuutitied laee. Eminem gentlemen '•ommnies iikjuuc if
you would sv"t oieh a mas-, of ignoianee loose at once, awl
give it Ireedom. I have never made up any opinion upon
this question, or any other, than this, Usui it i  none of my
buMnoi^, but their- ;5;—
Now the gentleman thinks it in his business;
that is, his business to keep them in slavery, but
not to set them free—
"and thatl would not live in a ommtiy whoie Midi a state
of things existed, awl wlieie there \vu  so much danger."
And while he would not live in a country in
which slavery existed. yet he has quoted {rom the
Old Testament and the New Testament to uphold
it; and though 1 have in the last thirty years often
heard Paul's speech on Mars' hill preached from,
I never before heard such a conclusion drawn from
it as has been drawn from U by the gentleman j
from New York to-day. |
"Southern ^entlc-me,i .si ^on^ial affect to de-pi*o the j
dangei. iUitu itic-j do, then wives and daughters do not. |
fndeed they do not. They dare not speak freely on this sub- [
ject at a dinner table, when a slave is within lieaung. i
Kuchconvcr-.iuon isobfouie, or in whispeis. So rarthey j
are slaves tlmm-selves that in the pi esence of thoii slaves I
they must keep aguaul on then conversation. They do not I
goto bed at inahtwuh the ><un« ea e and freedom we do.
They call then militmy to rneii aid. and keep theii slaves
undei inau.al law. Theeities of UnJunond, Charleston,
and Savannah keep up a nulitaiy guard. No small portion
of the white population must watch under arms while the
other portion sleeps."
And this was in 1833, when enjoying all the
blessings of slavery, and when they had the con-
trol of the entire Government.
" Tell me there is no belief of danger when the military
watches over one's body and one's property."
That is a part of the gentleman's language upon
the subject of slavery, and yet, in the last session
of Congress, speech after speech made by that
gentleman, and characterized by his usual ability
and eloquence, was telegraphed over the wires to
the southern confederacy. And the wires will
transmit this speech, but at the same time it will
carry the news that but a small portion of the
House concurs in his opinion. We are treated
here to-day with the hackneyed phrase that we
cannot conquer the rebels, that we cannot subdue
eight millions; and the gentleman quotes from
Roman history. 1 must say that either Gibbon
or he must be mistaken in regard to some of the
numbers and figures. I presume Gibbon is in
error.
Do we here want to know that we cannot
conquer the South ? Is that declaration made to
strengthen our arms and encourage our hearts?
No, sir; I charge it upon the gentleman, and all
others who dare make that assertion, that it is in-
tended to encourage those who are in arms against
the Government; who are endeavoring to tear
down the best Governmentevergiven to mankind.
Outside of this Hall I never heard 
Mr. McKINNEY. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the gentleman charges the gentleman
from New York with intending to strengthen the
rebels inarms. It is not in order to make such a
charge.
Mr. PRICE. That I believe he intended it.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore, (Mr. BLAiNEin
the chair.) The point of order is well taken, in
the judgment of the Chair. It is not in order for
one gentleman to characterize the remarks of an-
other gentleman in that way.
i\lr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. McKINNEY. I insist that the gentleman
shall not go on until the House gives its consent.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move that the gentle-
man have leave to proceed in order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I believe this is the first time in
my life—and I am fifty years old—thatl was ever
calh-d to order.
Mr. McKINNEY. The gentleman has been
left to run free too long.
Mr. PRICE. I will say, for the information of
members of the House who are not acquainted
with me, that it is not my intention to be out of
order, and I say, also, positively and emphatic-
ally,that it is my intention not to shirk the truth,
and if I cannot talk the truth here, I will not talk
at all; but I shall speak inside the line of order
if I know how.
I was saying—and this must be in order—that
outside of this Hall I never heard- 
Mr. CHANLER. I want to ask the gentle-
man a question m this connection.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield.
Mr. CHANLER, (amid cries of " Order!")
Did the gentleman vote for the expulsion of Mr.
Long, of Ohio?
Mi. PRICE. Oh, yes. I will answer that ques-
tion, certainly. I did vote for the resolution of ex-
pulsion, and I am only sorry that it did not suc-
ceed.
I was proceeding to say—and hope this will be
in oidpr—that outside of this Hall I have never
hoard language thai I would call rubbing up along
so close to treasonable language as I have heard
here. It is rather a difficult matter for a man wno
wants to say just what lie thinks,and is afraid of
getting over the line of order, to so fashion his
words and trim his sails as to keep within the
channel. 1 shall try, however, to do it, and will
say to gentlemen on the other side of the House
that I have not risen for the purpose of making a
speech. I had not any intention of saying a
word upon this subject, but I thought I would let
the language o'f the gentleman from New York
spoken in 1833 go on the record with the language
he has used to-day on this subject. Three fourths
of the speech of the gentleman had reference to
Russia, and France, find England, and Austria,
and pints of Asia.
A Member. And Rome.
Mr. PRICE. Yes, and Rome. 1 would not
forget Rome for a great deal, because there is the
point where the gentleman from New York and
Gibbon disagree. But I do not intend to reply to
any of these things; my sole purpose was to place
the language used by the gentleman to-day in
juxtaposition with language used by the same
gentleman on the same subject on a former oc-
casion. And then I was proceeding to talk about
what I had heard again, and again, and again,
and had supposed to be disposed of and laid away
on the shelf only to be resurrected some genera-
tions hence, about our inability to conquer the
rebels, that we must exterminate them, and that
the. history of the world proves in the first place
that we cannot exterminate them, and in the next
place that we cannot subdue them without exter-
mination, and then of course we shall have to give
it up. That is as much as to say to the peopleof
Richmond and to Jeff. Davis that here, in the high
council chamber of the nation where the Repre-
sentatives of the whole people are assembled, a
gentleman who is one of the best orators on the
floor, if not the best, stands up and tells this
House and the countrj^that Jeff. Davis and his
friends cannot be subdued. "When you can make
our people believe that, why, as a matter of course,
we shall have to give the rebels their own terms.
And this brings me to another partof the gen-
tleman's speech. He says that when all proffers
of peace—mark the words, gentlemen, for they
seem to cover an immense amount, all proper prof-
fers and all improper ones—when all proffers of
peace shall have been extended to the rebels and
rejected by them, then he will—well, he will do
something, he does not say what. My colleague
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] asks him again and
again would he in that case be in favor of putting
down this armed rebellion by force of arms, and
he dodges the question. Is that in order? He
dodges it; he has not answered the question.
When " all proffers5' are made! What are we
to understand by that? Are we to go to the South
with hat in hand and say " You have been our mas-
ters, lo! these many years, and this is the first time
m the history of the Government when you have
tried to coerce us and we did not yield; you are
now trying to break up the Government; we ask
you now to resume your mastery on your own
terms; * what will you have us do?"' Is that
what we are to do? There never was a time in
the history of the Government when the slave
States demanded anything of the free States that
was not yielded until 1861 when they saw proper
to fire upon the old flag of the Union, the ensign
of our nationality, and when thatinfamous scoun-
drel Pickens—is that in order?—boasted that
South Carolina was the first State in the Union
that had trailed the stars and stripes in the dust.
Who would be the apologist or advocate of men
like that? The man who would do it I think
would be aiding and abetting treason. I presume
that is in order.
I have heard the gentleman from New York,
not only to-day, but in the last session of this
Congress in his place here, talk about the states-
men of England, and the enviable position that
they occupied toward the colonies, and say that
they had built themselves a monument of fame un-
dying. Docs he wish us to understand—I would
like to have an answer to that question—that he
occupies the same position toward the southern
confederacy, so called, that the English states-
men that he has quoted occupied toward the col'
onies? Is he the advocate and apologist for the
southern confederacy? If not, I fail to see the
force of his argument. And then, as was justly
remaiked by another of my colleagues, [Mr.
Kassox,] does he wish to draw a parallel between
this infamous and uncalled-for rebellion and the
Revolution of 1776? Why, every school-hoy
ten years old knows that there is no parallel at
all. There are contrasts, wide, marked, and un-
mistakable, but no parallel. They made our laws
for us in England, and sent over our officers.
We had no voice in the matter, and when the bur-
den became too oppressive and intolerable longer
to be borne, then, as freemen exercising the tight
of freemen, we contended for an adjustment of
those rights, and a return of what was justly due
us. These men of the South, whom my friend
from New York compares with the men of the
♦Revolution, have made the laws of this country
for the last fifty or seventy-five years. For three
