46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15",
of his claim, and unless he were unjustly treated
by the Government of Mexico, he would have
no claim upon that Government. We certainly
were not of the opinion that he should be paid
any loss that he might have justly suffered. If
the bill is not so framed, it is my wish, and I am
sure the wish of the committee, as it would be
A of the Senate, that it should be; and, under the
suggestion of the Senator from "Vermont, I am
perfectly willing that the bill should be laid aside
until he may propose any amendment that will
meet his views. Certainly, any amendment that
embodies that principle only, is as much in ac-
cordance with the views of the committee as it
can be with his. I am willing, therefore, and
move, that it be laid on the table for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be postponed, if there be no objection.
Mr. FOSTER subsequently said: I move now
that the Senate resume the consideration of the
bill(S. No. 281) for the relief of A. J. Atocha,
which was laid aside a few moments since at the
instance of the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
• Mr. POSTER. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in the seventh line the words "and
to" before " fix," and inserting in lieu of them,
" and if they shall be ofopimon that the said claim
was a just one against Mexico when the treaty
of 1848 was ratified, and was embraced by said
treaty, they shall then." This amendment has
been shown to the Senator from Vermont and
meets his approval. I hope, therefore, that it
will be adopted.
The amendrnent was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. This case was familiar
to me some years ago, but I have forgotten the
details of it. I move that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed until to-morrow; I
desire time to reexamine it. It covers, if I re-
member rightly, several hundred thousand dol-
lars. It is a long-contested, dubious old claim,
which I should like to look into thoroughly be-
fore voting upon the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I have, of course, no objec-
tion to the motion of the Senator from Michigan
if he wishes to examine the case. If, however,
he is under the apprehension that the bill takes
any money from the Treasury, I assure him that
he is mistaken; it takes not a cent ftom the Treas-
ury.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does it from the fund
provided for by the treaty.?
Mr. FOSTER. Not a cent from the fund. It
simply authorizes this individual to try his case
in the Court of Claims; and if he has no case, 1
am sure that court will say he has none. It does
not lake a dollar from the Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. The case was up once
before, and I should like to examine iuigain thor-
oughly.
Mr. X^OSTER I have no objection to a post-
ponement if the Senator wishes to take time to
examine the bill, but I thought lie was under a
mistake as to its effect.
Mr. CHANDLER, 1 may be; but I wish to
look into it.
Mr. FOSTER. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to the postponement.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
GEORG33 W. MURRAY.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 380.
It is a bill repotted from the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee'of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 380) for the relief of
George W. Murray. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to pay to George W. Murray
the pension to winch he was entitled by the act
of Congress approved March 3, 1837, entitled
" An act for the more equitable administration
of the Navy pension fund."
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REUBEN CLOUGII.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the cotifciderdUon of fhe bill (S. No.
316) for the relief of Reuben Ciough, which wos
reMi a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Reuben Ciough
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing on the 15th of
May, 1815, and ending on the 29th of December,
1848, when his present pension was allowed him
at the Pension Bureau.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 307) to regu-
late commerce among the several States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand that there arc
several Senators who desire to be heard at length
upon this bill, among others the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.] As I desire to give
every Senator a full opportunity to discuss this
bill, I move that its further consideration be post-
poned, and that it be made the special order for
Tuesday next, on which day the debate may goon.
Mr. GRIMES. Fix a day beyond the holi-
days; for until then the bill cannot be satisfac-
torily considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. If we find on Tuesday
next that further postponement is desirable it can
then be postponed to a subsequent day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Michigan whether he had not better
postpone it a few days later. The Senate may
not be in session on Tuesday next.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the first Tuesday in
January suit the Senator better?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; though any time
will suit me.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, then, I will
consent to that.
Mr. BROWN. Say the first Wednesday in
January.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it would be better to
say the first Wednesday orThursday in January.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will so vary my motion
as fo designate the first Wednesday in January
next.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned to and it was made the special order for
Wednesday, the 4th day of January next, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing thereto.
GUNBOAT FOB LIBERIA.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the hill (S. No. 356)
to authorize the President of the United States to
transfer a gunboat to the Government of Liberia.
The Iftll was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes
the President of fhe United States to transfer to
the Government of the republic of Liberia any
one of the gunboats now or hereafter included in
the Navy of the United States, her armament,
tackle, apparel, and furniture, which may be ac-
ceptable to that Government, and can, in the judg-
ment of the Secretary of the Navy, be conveniently
spared for that purpose, and upon a valuation to
be fixed by him. The Secretary of the Navy is
also to be directed to enter into a contract with
any person duly empowered by the Government
of that republic, by which that Government shall
engage to repay to the United States the value, of
the gunboat to be transferred; and the contract is
to stipulate for the full reimbursement to the Uni-
ted States of the value of such gunboat in annual
installments, not exceeding ten m number, with
interest on each at six per cent, per annum from
the date of the contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time,
Mr. POWELL. I am under the impression
that this bill ought not to pass. I do not think
tins Government, while engaged in this war,
should send gunboats off to any foreign Power.
I think it would be impolitic to do so. As I am
opposed to it, I ask for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not enter into any de-
bate on this question; I shall content myself with
calling attention to the words of the President in
his annual message. A very short paragraph on
this subject there, it seems to me, is a complete
answer to the suggestion of the Senator from
Kentucky. It is as follows:
" Official correspondence has been freely opened with Li-
beria, and it gives us a pleasing view of social and political
progress in that republic. It may boexpectcd to derive new
vigor from American influence, improved by the rapid dis-
appearance of slavery in the United States.
" I solicit your authority to furnish to the republic a gun-
boat at moderate cost, to be reimbursed to the United States
by installments. Such a vessel is needed for the safety of
that State against the native African races; and in Liberian
hands It would be more effective in arresting the Afiicau
slave trade than a squadron in our own hands. The posses-
sion of the least organized naval force would stimulate a
geneious ambition w the republic, and the confidence winch
we should manifest by furnishing it would win forbearance
and favor toward the colony from all civilized nations."
Mr. POWELL. The portion of the President's
message which has been read by the Senator from
Massachusetts has not caused me to change my
opinion. I had before noticed that recommenda-
tion in the message, and I thought it most singu-
lar at the time the message was read at the desk.
I do not think this Government ought to be taking
charge of the interests of other countries; it cer-
tainly is as much as we can do to take care of our
own. I think one of the evils of .the time in this
Confederacy has grown out of the fact that some
of the States and the people of some of the States
have been intermeddling with the institutions of
other States and sections. I think it is wrong in
every aspect of the case that we should take the
guardianship of other countries or interfere with
them. If they wantgunboats, letthem build them;
if they want ships of the line, let them build them.
They ought to know all about their own policies.
If they have the money to pay for gunboats, they
can have* them built, or any other description of
vessels of war. If they choose to come and hire
our ship-builders to build them in their private
docks, all very well; but for this Government to set
about to regulate the policies of other people, and
to turn trader in gunboats, I think is highly impoli-
tic. It is a thing which the Senate ought not to
concur in for a moment. It is not my purpose to
make a speech on the subjcct; I merely wish to
put on record my opposition to any such inter-
meddling policy.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas 33, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, J3rown, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamcr, Coimess, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Faiwoli, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hnilan, Harris, Hendei&on, Hovvaid. John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Potneroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckolew, Carhle, Davis, Harding,
Hendricks, Nesmith, Powell, Riddle, and Wright—9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Hale, Hicks, Howe, McDou-
gall, Morrill, Richardson, and Sautsbuiy—7.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GRIMES rose when Mr. Morrill's name
was called and said: I desire to say that the
Senator from Maine has been called home by a
telegraphic dispatch announcing the extreme ill-
ness of a member of his family; that is the reason
of his absence at this time.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate copies of the laws, memorials, and resolu-
tions of the Territory of Dakota, passed at the
third session of the Legislative Assembly; which
were referred to the Committee on Territories.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RIDDLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
357) for the relief of Olivia W. Cannon, widow of
Joseph S.Cannon, late a midshipman in the United
States Navy; wteich was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the followingjoint
resolution and bills were taken up and recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia:
A joint resolution (S. No. 20) extending the
benefits of the bounty granted by the act of July
22, 1861, to certain soldiers who entered the ser-
vice of the United States prior to May 3,1861;
A bill (S. No. 103) to define the pay and emolu-
ments of chaplains in the United States Army and
volunteer forces, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 261) to provide for the vol-
untary enlistment of any persons, residents of
certain States, into the regiments of other States;
