1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
A bill (S. No. 231) concerning the subsistence
and pay of tho Army; and
A bill (S. No. 234) to increase the efficiency of
the staff of the Army.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S. No.
93) to repeal so much of the acts of Congress,
approved March 3, 1845, and August 6, 1846, as
authorize the transportation of goods imported
from foreign countries through the United States
to the Canadas, or from the Canadas through the
United States to be exported to foreign countries,
was recommitted to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (No. 533) to amend the twenty-first
section of an act entitled "An act to define the
pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes," approved July
17, 1862,'anil the bill (No. 586) to drop from the
rolls of the Army unemployed general officers,
were severally read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
WILLIAM II. JAMESON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 329) for the relief of
William H. Jameson, a paymaster in the United
States A rmy.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itwillhftrend.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides for
the allowance to Paymaster Jameson, in the set-
tlement of his accounts, of a creditof $959 14 for
money in his hands on board tho steamer Ruth,
which was destroyed by fire on the night of
August 4, 1SG3.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was to add to the bill the following words:
If, f>n examination of the evidence by tho Paymaster Gen-
eral, lie, the said Paymaster General, shall deem him justly
entitled to said credit; hut such ciedit shall not be allowed
without the said P.ij'ina&tei General shall eeitify his ap-
proval thereof.
The amendment was concurred in.
ATTACK ON PETEllSBUUG.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the joint committee on tho conductof the
wai b« directed to inquire into andrepotr tho facts con-
cerning the attack on Pcteisbur^ on the 30th dav of July,
1864.
FUTCKDOM OF HOLD Hills' FAMILIES.
Mr, WILSON. 1 move to take up the joint
resolution (S. No. 82) to encourage enlistments
and to promote the efficiency of the rnilitaiy
foices of the United Suites, with the view of leav-
ing it as the unfinished business to come up on
Monday morning, for I desire to get the vote of
the Senate upon it at the earliest possible time.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 15, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Housencommunicdtion from the Post-
master General, transmitting estimates of appro-
piiations needed for the Department for the fiscal
year commencing July j, 18G5; winch was read,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
MESSAGE FItOM THE SENATE.
A message was teceived from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Seci etary, infoi rruug the House
that the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
the House to Senate lull No. 329, for the relief of
William H. Jameson, a paymaster in the United
States Army.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, House bill No. 380, being an act
for the relief of George W. Murray.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills, in which they asked the concurrence of the
House:
An act (No. 316) for the relief of Reuben
Clough; and
An act (No. 356) to authorize the President of
the United States to transfer a gunboat to the
Government of the republic of Liberia.
ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution,
which is merely one of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to fur-
nish to tiie House copies of the order issued from Ins De-
partment on the 21&t day of December, 1863, in regard to
lecimtvS enlisted with conditions that they should be dis-
charged when their regiments were mustered out of ser-
vice ; also copy of order or letter dated 22d day of Decem-
ber, 1S63, and addressed to the Governor of the State of
Massachusetts, in regard to recruits to nil up old regiments,
and that he iniorm the House whether the principles an-
nounced in the ordet*fibove mentioned have been applied
to .til Mdiheia mustered into the service to till up those
regiments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that that resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. My only object is to obtain
information. When that shall be furnished the
House, 1 shall have no objection to have it re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to the
inquiry being made. Butthe Committee onMili-
tary Affairs have this very morning been engaged
in tins investigation. We are gathering infor-
mation from the War Department, and 1 think it
better that the resolution be referred to our com-
mittee. If there be anything embraced in the res-
olution which has not been the subject of inquiry
already, and upon which information has not been
obtained through the committee, we will report it
back and have that additional information called
for by the House.
Air. HOLMAN. I think that this is a subject
in the dispo.Mtion of which the whole country has
some interest. 1 trust the gentleman will allow
the information to be obtained, and have it, re-
ferred to his committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. A portion of the informa-
tion called for has already been obtained by the
committee. We are now m consultation with the
Secretary of War upon the subject, and a report
is now m course of preparation, i know this is
a subject which lccjuiies investigation, and we
are now engaged in that investigation. I am per-
fectly willing to have this resolution referred to
the committee; otherwise I must insist upon my
objection to the passage of this resolution at this
time.
Mr. SCH*ENCK subsequently said: I propose,
Mr. Speaker,towithdrawmyobjection totheres-
olution offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] with the understanding that he
will simply introduce the oider and the letter,
copies of which he has, and have them referred to
the committee. My only object is to have the Mil-
itary Committee enabled to expedite the matter
and make an early report upon the subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is all that I 'desire.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] withdraws his objection, and if
there be no other objection, the resolution will be
considered as introduced and agreed to.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 now call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw ins motion until I can submit a reso-
lution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw it.
PREEMPTION AND HOMESTEAD LAWS.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill entitled " An act to prevent desert-
ers and others, thei ein named, from acquiring pub-
lic lands under the preemption and homestead
laws;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
AltKEST OP LIEUT. GOVERNOR. JACOB, ETC.
Mr. MALLORY. i ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer this resolution:
Uesolocd, That the PrcFid^nt be tequest^d !o communi-
cate to this House ail information in his po-^ossion bear-
ing on the arrest and imprisonment of It. T. Jacob, Lieu-
tenant Governor of the State of Kentucky, and Franfc
Wolford,one of the presidential electors of that State;
and particularly by whose order they were arrested and
imprisoned, where they are at present confined, and what
offenses are charged against them.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. GrRISWOLD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resoltt«*
tions:
Whereas the increasing number of pensioners, and the
increasing burdens necessarily falling upon the country
for their support, render it advisable to devise somo means
wheieby this class of persons may be provided with such
life employments or opportunities for industrial enterprises
as may induce them to make an effort at self-support inde-
pendent of a Government pension: Now, therefore,
Be it resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed to
investigate all the facts and circumstances relating to the
practical working of our pension laws, as a system of per-
manent relief to military or naval invalids; to inquire into
the actual and present condition of such invalids, and to
report what measures, relating to their future disposition,
will best secuie to such of them as are able to labor a life
support independent of a Government pension.
Resolved, That this committee be authorized to take tes-
timony, and for this purpose have power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. STEVENS. I should have no objection
to have those resolutions referred to the Committee
on Pensions, but this raising committees with
power to send forpersons and papers upon.subjecta
of this character seems to me to be a bad practice. .
I suggest to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Griswold] to have these resolutions referred to
the Committee onPensions.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I observe that petitions,
signed by several distinguished individuals, have
been presented to the Senate asking for appro-
priations for this very purpose. My object is to
have such investigation made, so that when action ■
comes to be taken upon this subject it can be
taken understandingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I have certainly no hostility
to the object of the gentleman, but I would sug-
gest to the gentleman that the Committee on Pen-
sions is the proper committee to consider this
subject, and 1 hope the gentleman will so alter
his resolution as to instruct that committee to in-
vestigate this subject.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would prefer to have a
special committee. It is simply for the purpose
of obtaining information. I would suggest to the
gentleman that there is no money involved in this
matter. ' -
Mr. STEVENS. I never knew a proposition
to send for persons and papers that did not involve
money.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Then I will waive that
part, and will modify my resolutions by leaving
out that one which authorizes the sending for
persons and papers.
The resolution, as modified, was then agreed to.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT IN INDIANA.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the House proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 352, to
authorize the holding of a special session of the
United States district court for the district of
Indiana.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that a special session of the United
States district court for the State of Indiana shall
be holden at the usual place of holding the court
on the first Tuesday of January, 1865.
The second section provides that ail suits and
proceedings of a civil or criminal nature now-
pending in, or returnable to, the couit, shall be
proceeded m, heard, tried,and determined by the
court at the special session in the same manner
as at a regular term, and the judge is empowered
to order the impanneling of apetit andgrand jury
for the session.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
DIITICULTIES ON TIIE NORTHERN BORDER.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, Thai, if not incompatible with the public ser-
vice , the Seei etary of State he diiected to communicate to
Ihi-s fiou=e all eoirefapondcnee on file in his office with ref-
eienee tu tho difficulties upon oar northern border, and
whose consideration has been referred to the Committee
on Foieign Affairs.
