48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
presentation of the resolution ?
Mr. COX. I will state, in order to obviate any
-objection, that the Committee on Foreign Affairs
have charge of Litis subject, and this resolution is
offered with the view of assisting them in the ex-
amination of the question.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
.resolution will -be considered ,as introduced and
^g?oed to.
There was no objection.
TAXATION OP SAILING VESSELS.
j&lr. iBLAJNjE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidtiredj awd agreed to:
Resolved, .That fche Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of exempting
sailing vessels of five hundred tons and upwards from the
two pei cent, tax ijnposed in the lunety-fourth section of
tlM2 internal aevenue act of 1864.
TAX COMMISSIONERS *011 FLORITJY.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the,following resolutionj which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thai the Secretary of the Treasury bo directed
to transmit to this House a copy of the reportof Hon. Aus-
tin Smith, appointed by the Treasury Depai trnentto inves-
tigate the conduct of the board of tax commissioners for
the district of Florida, together with the evidence accom-
panying the same; and aUo to transmit copies of any com-
munications made by the sureties of any of such tax
* commissioners, asking to he relieved Horn liability on the
official bond-; of «<ud commission ; and to inform the llou&e
what, if any, action has been taken on said report and com-
munications, and the lua&ons therefor.
NAVY-YARD AT OSWEGO, NEW YORK.
Mr. LITTLE JOHN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the establishment
of a navy-yard and depot at Oswego, in the State
.of New York; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill for the better organization of the subsist-
ence department; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the bill be recom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN WINSLOW AND LIEUTENANT CUSHING.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, the
Committee on Naval Affairs have instructed me
to report a joint resolution tendering the thanks
of Congre-ss to Captain John A. Winslow, and
also a joint resolution tendering similar thanks
to Lieutenant William B. Cushing. It was my
intention to report those resolutions whenever
the Committee on Naval Affairs should be called
upon for reports. In the mean time, however,
tiie Senate has passed joint lesolutions of the
same nature, and those resolutions are now on
the Speaker's table, i move that they be taken !
up and considered at this time. j
The motion was agreed to; and the TIousc pro- j
cecded to the consideration of Senate joint reso- j
lution No. 83, tendering the thanks of Congress i
to Captain John A. Winslow, United States Navy, ;
and to the officers and men under his command i
on board the United Slates steamer Kearsatge, in !
her conflict with the piratical craft, the Alabama, ;
in compliance with the President's recommend- ;
ation to Congress of the 5th of December, 1864. |
The joint resolution was read a first and sec- !
ond time, ordered to a third reading, read the j
third time, and passed. j
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon- j
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and j
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid j
on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. j
DESTRUCTION OK THE ALBEMARLE. j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 84, tendering the thanks j
of Confess to Lieutenant William B. Cushing, <
of the United States Navy, and the officeis and j
men who assisted him m his gallant and perilous ,j
achievement in destroying the rebel steamer Ai- ;
bemarle, in compliance w.tli the President's rec- j
ommendation of Decembers, 186*4; which was ji
read a first and second tune, ordered to be read i!
a third time, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DAVIS,ofMaryland, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That Congress has a constitutional right to an
authoritative voice in declanngand prescribing the foreign
policy of the United States, as well in the recognition of
new Powers as in other matters; and it is the constitu-
tional duty of the President to respect that policy not les^
m diplomatic negotiations than in the use of the national
force when authonzed by law; and the propriety of any
declaration of foieign policy by Congress is sufficiently
proved by tlio vote winch pronounces it; and such propo-
sition while pending and undetermined is not a fit topic of
diplomatic explanation with any foreign Power.
The previous question was ^seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that Lhe resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 63, not voting 50;
as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alley, Ames. Andeison, Arnold, Baily,
John I). Baldwin, Baxtei, Beaman, Blame, Blair, Bout-
well, Bojd, Broomall, Ambio^eW. (3l.uk, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dentins, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dng«>, Eckley,-Eliot, Farnswonh, Gnnnell, Hale, Iltgby,
Ilotehki^s, John II. ljtibbaid, JJiilburd, lmrersoll, Kelley,
Francis W. Kcllogir, Oilando Kellogg, Lmlejohn, Long-
year, Marvin, McBnde, Mclndoe.Samuel F. Miller, Moor-
head. Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Noiton, Cliailes O'Neill, Patter.-on, Pcihnm, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Pi ice, Alexandei H. Rico, Edward II. Rollins, Sco-
field. Shannon, Smith, Spalding, Thomas, Tracy, Upson,
Elihu B. Wa&hburne, William B. Wa*hbum, vVlialey,
Wheeler, Wilson, Wiiidoui, and Woodhudge—69.
NAYS—Meal's. JamesC. Allen, William J. Allen, Alli-
son, Anconn, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Blow,
Brooks, James S. Blown, Chanler, Cox, Ciavens, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edgerton, El- !
dudge. Fiiick, Ganson, Gai field. Guswold, lJardmer, Her- j
rick, flolman, Asahel W. Hubbaid, Joncke>, Philip John- !
son, ICalbflcisch, Kertutn, King, Knox, Law, Le Blond,
Loan, Malloiy, Marey, McAllister, William H. Miller,
James R. Morris, Mornson, Noble, Odcll, John O'Neill,
Ouh, Pendleton, Pony, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Schcnck, Sloan, Snulhei*, Stari, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat, Townsend,
Wadsworrh, and Yeaman—G3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Biamlegce,WilliamG.Brown,
Freeman Claike, Clay, Cofl'torh, Cioswell, Dumont, Eng-
lish, Fenton, Fiank, Gooch, Guder, Hall, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Charles M. Ilariis Eiooger, Ilutclnns,
William Johnson, Julian, Kiisson. Knapp, Lazear, Long,
MeClur^, McDowell, MeKinnev, Muldieton, Nehon, i
Ptuyn, William 11. Randall. John H. Rice, Robinson, Ro~
geis, James S. Rollins, Ro?s, Scott, Stiousc, Thavei, Van
Valkenbut«h, Vooihee?, Waid,W>'b^ter. Chilton A. White,
Jo-eph W. White. Williams, Wilder, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, and Fernando Wood—oO.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. RICE, of Maine, not being within the bar
when 'his name was called, asked leave to record
his vote.
Mr. LE BLOND objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and aino moved that the motion to reconsider
he laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVILEGED QUESTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to a privileged question. I desire to be re-
lieved by the House of Representatives from fur-
ther service on the Committee on Foreign AfTniis.
I am willing, sir, to take all of the responsibil-
ities that aie connected with any service upon
which the House of Representatives shall place i
me; but when in the course of the discharge of
those duties I find myself unfortunately differ-
ing in opinion from the majority of the House, I
do not consider it is proper J should longer con-
tinue to hold any such position. The vote which
has been just passed by the Iiouse is one which
will allow of no other construction.
The House, on my motion, on th'e unanimous
recommendation of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, at the last session, passed a resolution
declaring the policy of this Government touching
the republics of America. It was adopted unan-
imously. It went to the Senate, and there it lies.
It had not been passed three days before the
officer charged with the foreign correspondence
of this Government directed our representatives
abroad virtually to apologize to the French Gov-
ernment for the resolution adopted by the Repre-
sentatives of (he people, and in that correspond-
ence presumed to impeach Congress of usurpa-
tion in undertaking to prescribe to the President
the rules which should guide him in the foreign
policy of the United States.
That correspondence was made the subject of
a circular by the French Government to all of the
Governmentsof the world, to let them understand
that the Congress of the United States had no
right to speak with authority in the foreign affairs
of the Government, and that nothing was to be
regarded except the will and declarations of the
Executive. In the debates that took place in the
French Assembly the world was given to under-
stand, by the member representing the emperor,
that the passage of the resolution touching Mex-
ican affairs and French intrusion'into Mexico was
a momentary outburst of passion on the part of
the Representatives of the American people like
that which occurred when Messrs. Mason and
Slidell were arrested on board the Trent, but
which did not prevent the Federal Government
from giving up the two prisoners. The world was
given to understand, on the authority of the Sec-
retary of State, by the imperial Government, that
Congress is such a thing as the French Assembly,
the docile reflex of the executive will, its resolu-
tion a vainandprtsumptuous usurpation. The letter
of the Secretary of State was in a tone that was not
respectful to the dignity and the authority of the
House of Representatives. And if that letter lays
down the law of the land—and this House by its
vote to-day says it does—then you have no right
to a Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I am no
child to play at doing that which you have no right
to do. The Secretary of State, before all Europe,
in a matter of the greatest moment, slapped the
House of Representatives in the face in nis cor-
respondence with the French Government, and
the House of Representatives says it will not even
assert its dignity. The House of Representatives
is the appropriate and adequate guardian of its own
dignity. Sir, I am the only guardian of my own
dignity; and after this vote and that correspond-
ence I most humbly but respectfully ask to be
excused from further service upon the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. COX. I feel constrained to object to reliev-
ing my colleague from service on the Committee
on Foreign Affans, but if the House insist upon
excusing him, I ask the same privilege myself, and
desire to be excused from service upon that com-
mittee. I have no doubt gentlemen will accord
that privilege to me very readily, and perhaps
excuse me from all committees, if that is their
pleasure. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
have had little to do since this Congress began.
The House sent them this resolution for their
consideration. The gentleman from Maryland
examined the question committed to the commit-
tee with great care, great deliberation, and great
learning, as his report, which has been sent to this
Heuse, will show. That report will challenge
the admiration of everybody except those who
are not perhaps diligent enough to read the pro-
ceedings of Congress, or too ignorant to under-
stand the diplomatic history of the country.
Mr. Speaker, by an examination of that report,
which has nothing of a partisan character in it,
everybody would be satisfied that Congress has
some voice, at least, in the foreign affairs of this
country, and in tflfe diplomatic arrangements by
which our peace is kept with all the world. Prece-
dent after precedent is cited where Congress has
again and again recognized foreign Governments,
and we all know the precedents with respect to
voting appropriations to carry out treaties, in
which the voice of Congress has been omnipotent
with respect to our foreign relations. And there
is no reason why the voice of the chairman of our
committee, or the voice of that committee itself,
should not have been treated respectfully in this
House. The House passed a resolution vindicat-
