THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI1E omUtAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thuity-Eiuiiiii Cos"giu:ss, 2d Snssiox.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1864.
New Series.....No. 4.
mg our continental policy and the Monroe doc-
ti ine from t lie infringement of foreign Powers, and
especially Fiance. It wont to the Senate; there,
foi certain reasons, it sleeps—sleeps the sleep of
death, and will know no waking. The country
was insulted, the continent was insulted, by this
French, intei vention, and the House of Represent-
atives, in a moment of pride of nationality, of
tiue dignity,asserted its proper pierogitive with
respect to this question. The Committee on For-
eign Alfv.nsbut carried out their wishes. How
our resolution was treated by the Executive and
by the House in then action this day we know.
But, sis, 1 do not think this action of the Ilonse a
good reason why the gentleman from Maryland
should be excused, or that the House should ex-
cuse him, unless lie holds this House and this
Congress in utter and absolute contempt, i hope,
Mr."Speaker, there willbe somethingdone to vin-
dicate the privilegesof atlenstthe lowerHouseof
Congress from the executive, and, if you please,
diplomatic aggtandizcment. We have had in this
country within the last two yeais the same old
question which they have had in England for a
great many years and centuries—the old contest
between the royal prerogative and parliamentary
privilege, with this exception, whereas m Eng-
land Parliament is paramount, in this country we
oje, or oii!*lu to he, limited by a written constitu-
tion. In England and in this country that contest
has been wagi d between executive usurpation and
concessional privilege; and the gentleman fiom
Alary land, not only in this matter but in other mat-
ter, h.is abseiled the concessional nghtagainst
cxei utive usurpation, and he deceives the thanks
ot'<'Very national man of every party for it.
It i.s time, sir, that the rights and privileges of
the national L« aislature were respected, and i
would appeal to the ^ lf-respectof members upon
both sides to vindicate their own dignity and the
dignity of the Constitution. There is no question
in my mind but that Congress has, if not a con-
tiolimg, a huge voice in diplomatic and foreign
relations, liut it seems, by tin; vote just taken on
laying this rc solution on the table, that the [louse
thinks oihrrvv if itohoo^es to think so, vei y
well, but do not let the cntleman Inun Alary-
land , ei fier such action, take nmbi a lie at any thing
this House may do, lie can vindicate his own
self-respect and dignity, as he ha* done before,
when our pghis weie intrenched upon by the Ex-
ecutive in his famous manifesto, \\ Inch he is bold
enoii'iii at all times to vindicate beloie the people.
Mi. Speaker, ihete ate a good many questions
pel tammy, to i ungresfiional privih g1'^ which will
arise before this «< f^ton is over. They will ie-
quire us to vindicate our lights here against the
Executive. 11 was only yes'ei day thattiie Iiuuse
adopted the resolution of the honorable gentleman
fiom New York, [Mr. Brooks,] committing to
the Committee on Foteiiin AHVtirsan inquity as to
what i.3 hecessai y to be done to protect our noi th-
em boundary from the arson, robbery, and raids of
the sneaking scoundi els upon our boideis. Wh v
was that resolution sent fo us ? Wfiy should Con-
gress tak. any action on the subject if we arc to
have no %oi<'e and no control m the.se foreign
niattuw? Suppose we should make a leport sus-
taining the action of Guneial Dix, and the true
lntei pi*t tailoi' of internal ona! hiw—is stHi a le-
poitto be null and \otd cause this IIcui.se has
no control ovei the subject iefc n ed ? Suppose w e
demand that Federal ioice should follow these
rascally raiders actos.s the hord'-r into the con-
tei ruinous jniisdiction of England, v/heie they
have Uen sht heixd—aic we to be told we lm\e
no btiM.nees to meddle with it, as it is " purely an
exerii'ue question?" The hue doctrine, as it is
laid down by Vy'Jel, Phillimore, Wheaton, and
by all international wnteis, and assented to by
Webster ri the Caroline case, would give this
Government the right, for self-piotection, of pur-
suit aeios.-: the bord.'r, in precisely a case of this
kind, where, in eiui w^r, tel.els are haibored
on one side and make ;neu> .->:ons upon the o;i;< r;
and if \vo iepoi t tsui ii a i < .solui ion ,u;st i ling this
right, are we then t> be t.dd it is not within the
puiview of our poweis? Yet this matter has
been referred to us, and if we make a report upon
it, is that report to have any emphasis? Has
Congress any right or control overUhe matter?
If not, why did the House refer this matter to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs? Why pass on
such matters at all, and then table a resolution
which only vindicates our rights and privileges?
1 have no doubt that the House would willingly
excuse mo from serving on that committee. If
tin y excuse the gentleman from Maryland, of
eoui.se ihey will excuse the lesser and insignifi-
c uu member of the committee; but I hope that
they will not puss a vote ofccnsure upon the com-
mittee by excusing him. If they do, this House
sinks to the lowest level of any national Legisla-
ture that ever assembled here or in any other
counti y. They deserve only to be on their knees
perpetually in the dust at the footstool of power,
and to he kicked and thrust aside by the Execu-
tive whenever he chooses to exercise tiny of its
functions, diplomatic or otherwise. Let us vin-
dnateourown rights. If we have the right to
pass upon these matters let us exercise that light.
If we have not, let us stop this mockery of send-
ing to the Committee on Foreign Affairs theseand
kindred lesolutions pertaining to Canada such as
you sent to us yesterday. 1 shall, therefore, in
courtesy to the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee to which i belong, vote against excusing
him. 1 can testify to his ability, to his earnest-
ness, to his energy, and to his outspoken integrity,
and, so far as these foreign questions are con-
C( rued, to his nationality; and, Mr. Speaker, wo
need such a man, and may need him more here-
after upon that committee.
Mr. BLAINE. A single word, Mr. Speaker,
on the othei side. Parallels in histoi y are always
interesting, and often instructive. A recent cor-
respondence on a threatened difficulty with France
haw biought this question before the House. Three
quarters of a century ago we had troubles with
the same nation, and those troubles were attended
with an incident which, if not precisely paiallel,
at least involves the same general prineiple now
under discussion. It i-s an incident connected
with a name whose mention commands respect
every whe) e, and which I have peculiar confidence
in presenting to the attention of gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber. The very same ob-
jections and the very same appeals to the power
of Congiess were made in the French difficulties
duung i he Ad minis tuition of Washington, in the
discussion between the French minister, Citizen
Genet, and the Aniei icun Secretary of State, Mr.
Jefferson; and it is to jVl r. Jefferson's declarations
that 1 especially invite attention. I beg the privi-
lege of reading from Randolph 'sLife of Jefferson,
volume two, pa^es 158 and 159, as follows:
"Genet 'took uj) the subject instantly in a very high
tone,5 and lor a tune ptoceeited with ssueli volubility that
JeiForron tound nil < libit * 1 ro take i-onie pai t in the convol-
ution \\< loqiute uviredual.' 'J hclaitei thus subsequently
iepoi11\! the tubaUuice ot the conversation to the Presi-
.lent:
*•v lie u< with having violated the treaties be-
tween the two nations, ami '-o went into the cages which
I Kill Iu-ldie bt hi •>uhject> ol di\''U^iOii ; complained that we
•-n:i" red otn Ua<r to be niMiiuul unddisiegaidod by the Eng-
lish ; that tliey topped all our ve^rKand took outofihein
whatt.vl'i tliey Mi-peeted to be Fiench piopeity ; that they
I ad token all the piovi-ion> he had ernbaiked in Anieiiean
\e--el-i<a the eolone' ; tmit it" we weie not able to pio-
teet then ve--< !< in out poitt, not tnei! properiv on the
hiu'h sc.u-, w e ought to penult them to protect it ilienibiilves;
..i.d they, (.ii the to'iinm, paid tin; luytiC-t ic^peetto oui
n.i.r; tliiit, t'lo-iiiii it wa1- notorious that mo.-t "l the ettrgoes
-ent ftoin Aeieuca w< re Ciiti-ii piopertv. jet, being in
American ve^M'U, or pteteiid"d Amtiican ve-sel^, they
nevei touehed it, ;iud ihu- hnd no chance ol letahatingon
then eiieinio; that he had been tlnvai ted and opposed in
e\, r> tiling he had todow iili the Government; that lie found
him-ell in so dn-daocable a r-uuation that ho'•omotnnes
thon^iit of packing up and guinir away, a-* he tound tiiatiic
<'onk! not be useful to Ins nation ni anything.'
" Alter cvpatuitnig on me luuidly ptepoi-itiono be had
biou^m fiom In- nation, raid stfin idi.!!| tlial such a letui n to
ihem ouiiht not to have be' it in.ale by the Executive with-
out'-on ultniu he deei-ned t lira on tne riesidcnt'u
i< Unn lie wou! 1 e< it-iitilv pihim to convene Connies*. |
L';.v ing got i.no a more niodeiate tone, Jeflei^on now
stopped fnei at the mention of Conines, explained to lnm
U'O tuneiton^ oi the scveial dep.nnne.nts ol the Govern-
iiK'i.t, and that all the questions which had arisen between
hitn and it belonged to the executive deportment, and if
Congress had been sitting could not .have' been carried i:o
them, nor would they have taken notice of them. , Jeffer-
son's Anther report of the conversation solicits a amile:
"i fie [Genet] asked if they [Congress] were not the sov-
ereign. f told him no; they were sovereign in making
laws only ; the Executive was sovereign ui executing them;
and the judiciary in construing them wlnne they related to
their dopaitmcnt. <( But," said he, " at least Congress are
bound to see that tlie treaties are observed." I told him no}
tlvie weie veiy lew cases* indeed, arising out of treaties,
which they could take notice of; that the President is to
see that treaties are observed. " If he decides against the
treaty, to whom is a nation to appeal?" I told him the
Constitution bad made the President the last appeal. Ho
made me a bow, and said that indeed he would itot make
ine hn? compliments on such a Constitution,expressed the
utmo-t astonishment at it, and seemed never before to have
bad such an idea ' "
Well, Mr. Speaker, we have got the same Con-
stitution to-day that excited the smiles of Citizen
Genet iu 1793. I can conceive of nothing more
mischievous, more entirely mischievous, in the
working of this Government than for Congress
to plant itselfon this resolution, and for this sim-
ple reason: in effect, it absolutely denies to the
Executive a concurrent power in the foreign affairs
of the Government. It ties up the Foreign Depart-
ment of the Government just whenever any mem-
ber chooses to bring a question before Congress,
and so long as that question is pending in either
House of Congress the Executive Department is
stopped by the very terms of the resolution from
making it even a subject of diplomatic correspond-
ence. The resolution, indeed,specifically declares
that "suchproposition," (that is, whatever may
be introduced in either branch of Congress,)
"while pending and undetermined, is not a fit
topic of diplomatic explanation with any foreign
Power." To adopt this prineiple is ty stait out
with a new theory in the administration of our
foreign affairs, and I think the House has justified
its sense of self-respect and its just appreciation
of the spheres of the coordinate departments of
Government by promptly laying the resolution on
the table.
1 think our foreign correspondence has been con-
ducted wisely and well by the very distinguished
statesman at the head of the Department of State.
His highest eulogy is to be found in the eminent
success that has attended his labors in a time of
peculiar and unparalleled trial and trouble. It is
wise to 44 let well enough ulone," and for one, I
can never consent to a resolution passing this
House that contains even an implied censure upon
one to whom the country owes so much.
In regard to the resignation of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] fiom the chairman-
ship of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, my
own feeling is but that of the entire House, when
I express myself warmly against it. A gentle-
man of his ability cannot be spared from his re-
sponsible position, and I feel sure the House will
insist on his continued service.
Mr. STEVENS. Mi*. Speaker, I am so ob-
tuse that 1 cannot see the least analogy between
the case cited by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] and the case now under consideration.
The one was the interference of a foreigner, a pro-
posal by him to ask Congress to interfere with
treaty stipulations. Mr. Jefferson very properly
told him that Congress had no light to interfere
with treaty stipulations; for, as we all know,
treaties are, by the Constitution^ the supreme law
of the land. That is the whole extent of the
precedent to which the gentleman has referred;
and how it has any bearing on this question I am
unable to perceive.
Suppose Congress were to pass a law that no
foreign Power should be permitted to establish a
monarchy 011 the continent of North America—
has not Congress the power to do it ? la that in-
tcifering with the executive or any other de-
partment of the Government? Is it not legiti-
mately within the power of Congress to say that
we will or we will not suffer thrones to be erected
within our dominions or adjacent to them? If
we can enforce it, well. I am not speaking of
its policy. I am speaking of the powers of Con-
[ gress. If such a declaration lead to war, then in
