THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
" \i' £?n re^H^^^^on§rcss ^lone, lies the power to
, Tne President cannot do it. How,
then', d oe te r fere with the executive prcrog-
QTA.qg to declare, by a joint resolu-
tion—which is a law of the land—a certain line
of policy for the Government to pursue in this
^matter?
Sir, the question is as clear as the sun at noon-
day, unless we are willing to stultify ourselves.
Why was not this thought of at the last session
of Congress, when the gentleman [Mr. Blaine]
:and other gentlemen were present and suffered
that resolution to pass unanimously ? Why is it
that they have just now waked up to a sense of
their error, unless it is because, not the President
—and that is wherein I somewhat censure this
resolution—but one branch of the Executive Gov-
ernment took upon it to rebuke this body, and to
inform foreign nations that we were an imperti-
nent set of intermeddlers, and that the Executive
of the nation would pay no respect to the action
of this body, or, if you please, to the action of
Congress, if the joint resolution had passed the
Senate? I have no censure for anybody. We
unanimously declared that a certain policy should
he the policy of this nation, and we proposed to
make it the: law of the land. Foreign nations
took some offense at it, as everybody knows that
it was not in favor of foreign nations who have
come on this' continent against the traditional
policy of the nation from the time of Monroe to
the presenttime,and who are establishing thrones
• to surround this Republic in order that they may
eventually establish them here. Docs it not be-
come this body and this Congress to say to them,
Procul, Oprocul este, profani ? " Keep outof the
way, yei monarchical heretics, and do not attempt
to interfere with the grand policy of the republic-
ans of this country."
And are we to be intimidated because a foreign
monarch chooses to find fault, and shall an agent
of this Government humble the nation before him,
and say that the action of this body means noth-
ing; that the Representatives of the people re-
cently chosen from all the districts of the nation
are nothing; that their sense of policy means
nothing; and thathe need not troublehimself any
further about if, but that the Secretary of State
will take care that these impertinent hoys shall do
no harm? For that is prec.si lv what lie said; not
perhaps in exactly that language, for { do not le-
member the language exactly.-
Now, sir, the President does not interfere with
the Foreign Minister in his policy. He isalhnved
to carry Hon himself, and to be responsible for
it. ^ And it. is only bringing him up to his lespmi-
sibility that the Committee on Foreign A (fairs,
very much to their credit, brought in their reao-
iution-to vindicate the dignity of this Mouse and
the dignity of this country, and to raise if from
the low depth of degradation m which it had been
placed l y Us Foreign Minister.
Now, 1 should have liked to h'xve the resolu-
tion lead a little dilF.-ronrly; for it reads, "and it
is the duty of the Piesident to respect that pol-
icy." £ think that is an unfortunate expression.
The President probably had nothing to do with
the mutter. And when I h we th> opportunity I
wili te*t the sens*; of the House upon a little alter-
ation of the phraseology the :u\me resolution,
so that it shall rend, " and it 1-5 tne duty of the
Executive Departments to lespect that policy."
Therefore, when 1 get the oppoi tuuity, 1 will
again ask (he sense ol the House upon the: epila-
tion.
If we arv meie nobodies m this matter, if we
are nu-re mischief-makers, th -n let our lotd and
master in tho chair of >State rule and control os,
and let us ask the paidon of the woild foi en-
deavoring to interfere somew hat in one ot ine mo^t
vital questions which can ever affect, this nation.
1 do not think I shall voti* to excuse thc> gentle-
man from-Maryland [Mr. DAVi«.Ja« ehmrm.-ui of
the Commute on Foreign Ahairs. I do not look
upon the vote ot this House as any insult to that
gentl.*ma:i; 1 < o not look upon that vote as any
•censujo upni him. We have thoughtlessly acted
upon the m«.:ti'r, j.erhaos, without having taken
full oppm tuiiif v for 'ts consideration; and ifth"
chairman of .1 committee id to considei hnnstif
personally ofiended when the House votes down
propositions which he brings forward for our con-
sideration,some of us would have been out of em-
ployment sonv time ago. [Laughter.] Why, sir,
when my friend here [Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois] introduced his proposition to tax the stock of
whisky on hand, and rode triumphantly through
this House upon the bead of the liquor, while I
was completely submerged, I did not ask to be
excused; it was a gentle ducking from which I
expected to recover, hoping to come out renovated
by the bath. [Laughter.] And I hope the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Davis] will receive this
in the same way, and consider that he can still
serve the country with advantage in the position
he now occupies, for I am sure that no man in this
House or in the nation can be more properly put
at the head of that committee.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, it was my
misfortune to vote with the majority of this House
upon the question of laying upon the table the res-
olution submitted by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. It may not, therefore,
be inappropriate for me to state at least the im-
pressions rather than opinions by which I was
controlled. In the first place, I may say with
reference to the important question before the
House, that I cannot for one consent to the infer-
ence that the vote given by the majority was in
any sense a reflection upon the honorable chair-
man of that committee. In this particular case the
judgment of the House defers from tho wishes of
that gentleman. It is but a repetition of what has
so often occurred in our experience,and (should
be extremely sorry if the precedent should now be
set that whenever a measure proposed by a com-
mittee of this House does not meet the approval
of a majoiity of the members of this House, the
chairman of that committee is to assume that it is
a personal tefiection upon him.
I know very well in this case that there is no
gentleman upon this floor who enjoys to a greater,
if to an equal, extent the respect and confidence of
the members upon this side of tho House, and, so
far as 1 know, the respect and confidence of mem-
bers on tiie other side. I trust, therefore, that the
request made by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Davii>] svill not be
gi a n led.
Further, 1' seems to me that there is a flight
misapprehension as to the force and nature of the
(act involved m thixsnbjecf. It is very well known
that ihia House passed a resolution which was,
in a ceitam sense,, a redeclaration of the Monroe
doctrine, Tnat declaration was not sustained
by the other branch of the national Legislature.
Thercfoie the resolution could not be taken asm
any sense the expression of the will of Congress;
it was merely the expression of the will of the
House.
Nosv, the resolution which the House has laid
upon the table this morning is peculiar in itslan- i
guago upon that point, it is that " Coiigtess,"
not tins House, but that "Congress has a con-
stitutional light and an authoritative voice in de-
claring and prescribing the foreign policy of the
United States, as well in (he iccognizing of new
Poweis" as m other matters. If'the resolution
had stopped there 1 presume there would have been
no gentleman upon thistloor disposed 10 question
the propncty of the lesolution, supposing that
theie weie facts existing, or supposed to t xist,
upon which the r< .solution could be ruoperlv
based.
Hut it proceeds futther, and declares that "it
is the constitutional duty of the President to re-
spect that policy, not less in diplomatic negoti-
ations than in tho use of the national force when
antnoiized by law." This part of the jesoluuon
conveyed, by implication at least, the impression
that the President has neglected to obey Congress
in the exercise of the cous.iuuional ugh t of Co 11-
gu-.s to declare Mid piescribo, Huh mi author'-
t,\sive voice, the policy of ;he Government m
ivfej.-nce to foieign rtu.uis; while, in t> at h , the
compLtmt made of the Pivshlent, or of his Sec-
n raiy of State, is thai he neglected to obey the
vo.ee of tins House when jt undertook, by leso-
hition, to set foitii what the foteign policy of the
country should be upon a particular matter, the
judgment of this House having never been con-
curred in by the other branch of Congi ess. Theie-
foie the Pi esident, so far as I know, at least upon
the f ids stated thus far in this discussion, is not
subject to the imputation, evert by implication,
that he has neglccted to obey the constitutionally
expressed judgment of Congress in reference to
the foreign policy of this country, but that merely i
he has neglected to obey the expressed judgment
of this House, that judgment not having been
concurred in by the other branch of Congress.
I admit that the manner in which the Secretary
of State expressed his opinion as to the rights of
this House in respect to foreign affairs was not
agreeable to me; I should be glad, in some proper
way, to protest against it; but I do not see how
we are justified, even upon the language which
he saw fit to employ, in arraigning the President
for the neglectof the constitutional duty enjoined
upon him to obey the will of Congress in refer-
ence to our foreign policy. He has neglected, as
well as his Secretary, to be guided by the will of
this House; but so far as I know, upon the facts
stated in this debate, he has not disregarded the
constitutionally expressed judgment of Congress
in reference to our foreign policy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, as I
moved the tabling of the resolution reported by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] I
wish simply to say that I made that motion from
no disrespect to that gentleman—none whatever.
I did not intend that the motion should be re-
garded at all as an attack upon either the gentle-
man from Maryland or the committee. There
is no member of this House whose ability and
fidelity command from me higher respect and ad-
miration than I entertain for the gentleman fiom
Maryland. As has been said here, if, when the
House differs in judgment with a committee that
reports a bill or a resolution, that fact is to be
regarded as an indignity, on account of which
members of the committee are to resign, there
would be few committees left in this House. I
do not think that, because the House differs in
opinion with a gentleman as to the propriety of
passing an abstract proposition such as was
contained in this resolution, that fact should be
regarded as an attack upon the judgment or the
character or fidelity of the member.
I rose simply to say this in justice to myself
as well as to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] whether he will not
make the motion to reconsider the vote on the
resolution.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I made the motion to
leconsider, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. COX. Will not the gentleman move to
reconsider that?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not willing to
do so.
The SPRAfvKR. Such a motion would be
impossible under the rules.
Mr. SPALDIXG. 1 wish barely to say, Mr.
Speaker, ihat I have the utmost confidence in the
Committeeon Foreign Affairs—the chairman and
all the membeis of that committee; and I joined
most heartily m the action of this House upon the
resolution winch emanated from that committee
at the last session of Congress, carrying out what
we supposed to have been the policy of our Gov-
ernment for a long t?ei ies of years, and protesting
against any fon ign inteiference upon this conti-
nent in the establishment of monarchical Govern-
ments. I wish to stand, and 1 wish to live and
die, by that doctrine. 1 should vote fm that res-
olution again to-day, if it were brought b* fore this
House, notwithstanding what has occui red tn the
diplomacy of the country. I do think, also, that
the action, perhaps, of one membei of the Cabinet
,vas uncalled loi, when he reflected in a measure
upon the action of this House of Congress 1 be-
lieve that it was perfectly legitimate for us to ex-
press out views m ngaid to the interposition of
Fianee, it respective of any action on the part of
the coordinate branch, the Senate.
Now, sir, when this proposition came up this
moinmg from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
I was inclined to vote for its adoption. 1 voted
against laying the proposition on the table. But
upon fuither icflection, and upon an examination
of the resolution, I was fearful that its phraseology
conveyed a direct attach" upon the Chief Execu-
tive of our nation; and, sir, I do not wish to lend
my aid at this tune to any such legislation as thru.
I venly believe that we have an Exeeuiive who is
doing his utmost in a patriotic spirit to preserve
unimpaired all the institutions of our countjy. I
cannot, in view of the conduct of that man, con-
sent to any vote upon the floor of this House that
shall impugn his integrity hi any respect whatao-
