18(54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
y51
e\ er. I f the phraso'dogy of ".he losolution had been
modified t.1 some snit as suggested by the gende-
mru iio.ii Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] {should
ns>«'l < heeiTaily have vo-ed foi u; but 1 could not
vole fv>i it impugning urn conduct of the President
oi any member of his Cabinot. T;au was the rea-
son for my nsd;;ng to change my vote and voting
that the lesoluuon should be laid on the table.
1 do hope thai the ohaiiman of the Committee
on Foieign Affairs will reconsider his intention to
retire from that committee. 1 think that the House
has the most entiic confidence in his wisdom
and patriotism; and I-ask him, as one member of
that committee, to reconsider and withdraw his
application to be dischnigcd fiom it. If h-- does
not feel inclined to do it—and I say the ^uue to
my coileygiu , [.V! i. Cox,] 1 say to all uf the mem-
bfitj ofihm committee, letain your position; but,
sn , if tiu y do not, if they ask to be d sohdig.>d—
I hope that the majority of the Houso will vote
111 tile iwo.itive.
Air. 110 JS. I wisii leave to recoid my vole on
tin1 motion that the resolution be laid ( n the table.
Mi.DAWlvS. [object. Mr. Speaker, I deem
it incumbent now to object to a practice which
has giowi up of recording votes after the an-
nouncement of the decision of the House by the
Chair, and especially the habit of recuiding \ otes
on the n« xt day. It lias grown to .•>uc11 an extent
qk to scorn to me to i>e fu!i of mischief. 1 do not
intend a.iy personal application of the. present
su«gos?iun; 'ind I hope menibei s will not coinsider
it as any maUei of ill nature on my part if I am
consu,titled to object hereafni to the piaetice.
All. WASIIBOUNK, of llliiit iiS. If'the gen-
tleman fi ,iin Massachusetts will permit me, I will
suggest that he offer a icsolution on tins subject,
and let it go to the comyiiLtee on tlie utlcs in or-
det that. w may establish a mle i>t that legurd,
ill lcfiieiu'e t> t hanging votes, and al.so m lefei-
ence to pei muting metnbois to vote who wer<- not
Within the bat when tin n names were called. I
think we will ali aiireo that it is necessary, and
will be beneficial, to have some rule on the sub-
iVIi. DAWES. On that point I am satisfied
will) ihe niley as they weie :>dmiiiiatered up to
'the pies nt CongieSh. Till then they were not
pi oduct i ve of any mischief. 1 i hmk that, a proper
legai d foi the iulea  at> they htand will be better
than any effoil of ours to change them. We
have made minor two incfi.-olual elToitson that
si i i 11 cel. j I; i ad y. I i hi ik : h.-t we had better eon-
foim to the lulcs that we have.
M r. WA ^1 L Uu UNK, of 1 Ibnois. if the gentle-
man h'Ji.i ALi^m. tiii^'ie' will object at all times
to iikiui'k rs vooiiii the day >d<ei wai d.-, and w hen
thev weie not v.ithiii un bai when the:c names
\woe e.died, I slia'.l b-- wiy much obliged to him.
All. l)AWEw. 'I ha; \v .in t he pui p.u t of what
I &ani I tin, although I am much m-
d s > |il tee i.iy.^df m timt position. I only
wmu I- > c t! i the atl"ii! urn oi iho 1 i on we to it at t hi-
ptescnl nn)f)i<-!it. Piuhn- the vote on laying the
lesolui'on of t he gentleman ft am Alai ylaiul [Mr.
Diiusj on the table, aiwiwugh memb-'is on both
bub s of the ILitib'1 \v> to p- i muted to lecoi d tin ir
votes in contravention oi the i ules of ihe House,
yet, win n it apyean d ilieie w-trf going to be aolo.se
V • > i > *, "bjei fion was made to luemburo lecoiding
tin n V ote.
^ Mr J. C. ALLIEN. I c,U thegenilemm fiom
Mh to oidei. Xt uhoi the i,vni h man
fi • >m Illinois nor t! jc g<*: llem i:i ( rom AK,«sae h it -
&ei:s hc'!s bi t*n d seuss ing ihe qm-NNon beiore us.
The SPEA ICEJ1. Tin* debat-- has U;k<-n a veiy
with lange, and th • Chair ha.-j not tell n to b'.*
propel to c.lieek it, a^ the questi >u is a very deli-
cate (me t!u t has been pie-aented bv ihe cliairman
of the Comnuttee on Fwreern Affaus. Debate can
propeiiy only extend to whethet the geiuletnan
fiom Mai viand shall he ex< um-i! fiom seivice
on that commuter, and inu to i!,e merits of the
resolution Ian! on the taole.
Mr. DAWES. I did not pi opoHe to partici-
pate in the debate ds to wheth.er we shall excuse
tin' gentleman irom Maiyiatni fiom reiving on
that comni:t!i'f; but now that 1 am ap peihaos
I should sav a U w words.
Tin* vSPEAKElt. Toe Ohnir wiM not restrict
get tl -men unh's.s ohj, cti m he made.
Mi. DAWES. 1 w;is disposed at first, when
thegentleman fiom ALnryland asked to he excused
from serving fm itier upon the Cummittee on For-
eign Afums, for the reasons stated, to acquiesce
and vote for excusing him; not from any national
consideration, but from a desire to gratify the
gentleman from Maryland. But I must say that
when my friend fiom Ohio [Mr. Cox] addressed
the House in such feeling and pathetic terms, I
was entucly overcome. The scene between the
gentlemen from Maryland and Ohio was enough
to affect the heart of almost any man who has not
a heart of adamant. The distance from the sub-
lime to ihe tidiculous, we are told, is but a step
always; and I must say that the indignation which
was manifested in the manner and in the matter of
the gentleman from Maryland escaped me when
? he smooth and silver tones of the gentleman from
Oil 10 announced to the [louse that he trusted the
House would not yield to the request of the gen-
tl 'man fioia Maryland because it would bring the
House to the necessity of excusing him also. I
changed my mind upon that, because 1 had not
the heart to excuse both those gentlemen for the
little time remaining of theirservices in the House.
I thought it better that we should try to bear yet a
little longer with their presence here, and not to
part company with them before it had been so
oidered by the people of their districts.
And 1 recollected,and my friend from Maryland
will beat with me while I submit that I recollccted,
that the gentleman from Maryland never differed
from committees in their reports; that the gen-
tleman from Maryland always agreed with com-
mittees m their reports, and folt bound to respect
them; and never, except when called upon by a
btgh sense of duty, when the committee was pres-
ent, or in their absence, denounced either the
chairman or any member of a committee. And
I recollected too, that he never went even so far
as to announce to the House, in the absence of the
chaitman ofa committee,that the committee them-
selves had so far violated and shocked the sense,
not only of the House but of their constituents,
that he was kind enough to commend—so 1 read
in the Globe—the chairman and the committee to
look to their positions at home rather than attend
to their duties here.
Ilow can I, with all these experiences and rec-
ollections, if the gentleman will bear withamem-
bei new in experiences of this kind, vote to ex-
cuse him merely because the House happened to
differ with him upon the propriety of adopting
this resolution ? Why did not the gentleman, with
such a record for the information of the House,
recollect that when he on a former occasion asked
leave of the House to report a lesolution, the
House suggested that he had better not report it;
and thai is the recorded judgment of the House
to-day.
The gentleman has thrown himself upon the
thick bosses of the buckler of the House this
morning, and 1ms got jilted. But I cannot see
why he should not be permitted to occupy that
place siiil longer, and therefore I shall vote against
excusing hun.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me one
word, as he will have the piivilege of closing the
debate ?
Mr. DA ViS, of Maryland. I yield.
Mr. COX. I would not have troubled the
House a^aiu hut foi the allusions of myfiiend
fiom Massachusetts. Nature has so constituted
him that he liau been tho fnst of ali the members
in this Llouse to display his magnanimity by re-
feri tag to our .side of the House as the defeated
p 5i tion of Congress. The gentleman might have
tiad an opporuimly to display his vindictive feel-
ing upon that subject, and peihaps have done it
a little moie m order, on a question a little more
connected with parliamentary decorum.
But U is true, as the gentleman intimates, that
the places which now know many of us will soon
know us no more forever; and we bow to it, if
not with political yet with Christian lesignation.
We do not see anything in the Constitution by
which we are bound to quit at, the end of one
year, after being elected for two. On the contrary
we seemed to be compelled by the choice of our
constituents, constitutionally made, to serve out
the full term. It would be a little inconvenient
in a pecuniary sense for a memb< r, after serving
hereone year, to go home to his constituents,and
by some strange freak of fancy on their part,
by some popular fai lacy, by some ingenious soph-
istry sent there, perhaps, by the ££i}tie*njUP
from Massachusetts, and finding his constituents
against him, suddenly to resign. , .
But, sir, that is not pertinent to the matter .be-
fore us. Whether I remain here any Ipnger or
not is not the question. I have been here about
as long as my friend from Massachusetts thus far.
New England controls this Government now,
and he may be here for eight years longer. I re-
member that when he first came to Congress with
myself, we were both placed upon thesame com-
mittee. I was chairman of that committee, and
thegentleman was then my subordinate. [Laugh-
ter.] He ought to recall those past associations,
and not be so severe upon his former superior.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has done what no other gentleman on that
side of the House, I venture to say, would have
done, and that was to remind us here that we
are beaten, to trample upon us again afterwe are
deceased. [Laughter.] That is not brave. You
will find only one illustration of it in ali history
and literature, and that was old Sir John FtxistafF
who killed Hotspurafterhe was dead. [Laughter.]
But the point in the debate to which I wish to
reply was something more pertinent than this,
i do not mean by that to say that the remarks of
my friend from Massachusetts were impertinent
in any bad sense, though they might be consid-
ered to be so by persons who do not understand
our amicable relations. [Laughter.]
The other gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] who discussed this matter, cannot
have carefully or critically examined this record.
In my judgment, the President, when he called in
question, not the action of Congress, but the power
of Congress, raised an issue with this Congress.
What the Secretary of State did the Pie& ident
did; and my colleague from Ohio [Mt.Spai.d-
ing] ought not to shield his vote behind soflimsy
a cloak as that the President is not responsible
for the Secretary of State, who acts for the Pres-
ident only as the chief clerk of the Executive De-
partment. The gentleman from Massachusetts
could not have remembered the language of the
chief clerk of the Executive when he said thatthis
question of recognizing a monarchical Govern-
ment, imposed on a neighboring republic, is a
purely executive question, and the decision of
it constitutionally belongs, not to the House of
Representatives, nor even to Congress, but to the
President of the United States;" thus claiming
exclusive power and jurisdiction over these ques-
tions, ignoring utterly the right of Congress to
pass on them, notwithstanding all the precedents
of our history from the beginning of this Govern-
ment down to the presest time. He ought espe-
cially to have remembered those capital prece-
dents made by Monroe, and Madison, and Clay,
and John Gluincy Adams, with respect to the
Spanish American States, when Congressinaugu-
rated the system of recognizing other republics
and passing upon these matters of foreign rela-
tions. in spite of all these precedents, the Chief
Executive lays down the rule that Congress has
no power over this subject, butthatit is purely an
executive question, it is not a question whether
the Senate has passed this measure-of ours, or
not, though I believe the Senate has not acted on
it at all; it is not a question whether the resolu-
tion has become a law or not; it is a question
between the Executive and Congress as to the
power of Congress over this and other matters of
a foreign natui e.
If the gentleman will only read the learned re-
pot t of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, he will find that from February 9, 1321,
when Henry Clay made a motion m the House
of llepiesentatives with reference to recognizing
the Governments of Spanish America, running
all the way through our history down to the bill
for which the gentleman from Massachusetts voted
himself, to recognize the black republics of Hayti
and Liberia, Congress has always expressed it-
self, by bills, resolutions, and appropriations,
upon these questions of international concern-
ment. And yet my colleague from Ohio saysthat
he would vote again for the resolution of lastses-
sion as to Mexico and Maximilian, and in the
same breath says that he would vote, and did
! vote, to table this resolution which declares " th^t
Congress has aconstitutional right to an authori-
tative yoice in declaring and prescribing the for-
eign policy of the United States, as wel\ in
