THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
recognition of new Powers as in other matters."
How can my colleague be consistent? He says
that he would vole for resolutions connected with
foreign affairs, and yet he votes to discard a reso-
lution which declares our power to interfere in
such affairs! I leave it to the logic of my col-
league to get out of this dilemma in which he
places himself.
This resolution reported by our committee is
not obnoxious on any ground except this, that it
w-o&ftt seem in some way or other to strike at
one of the Cabinet officers of the Administration.
This is the only ground, I venture to say, upon
which gentlemen can defend their votes, and one
of the members upon the other side put it upon
that ground.
What has become of our independence as a
body ? What has become of that old parliament-
ary dignity and fearlessness in criticism which
belonged in the past to bodies of this nature, bod-
ies for deliberation and debate? Are we to bow
to the Executive in every behest which he may
make '
Tin; discarded resolution goes on to say <{ that
it is the constitutional duty of the President to re-
spect that policy." The " duty of the President;"
that includes all hiscleiks, his chief clerk and all
his Cabinet officers, so called.
Gentlemen say that they would have voted for
this resolution if it were modified so as to read
" the Executive Deportment," The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] said that. But
theword " Executive,,5or " President,"includes
all these officers; and there was no reason for
tabling the resolution except this, that it strikes at
the policy of the Secretary ofStat«,or the Presi-
dent for whom he speaks. And what is thnt pol-
icy? A policy which humiliates this country in
the eyes of the wotld; a policy which placed us
before France on our knees, with oui mouth?* in
the dust; which told the Empeior of France that
we*, the Congress of the United .States, had no
voice in this matter, but that this Government
would humiliate itself in the dust before a foreign
Power, and allow that Power to oveiturn ail the
cherished traditions of out* nation, and to place
and to perpetuate a throne upon this continent.
Not sue!), sir, was the old policy of the better days
of this Republic, when another policy and another
party ruled in this country.
I was opposed to the excusing oi my colleague
on the Committee on Foreign Allans, because
we need in this House fair, bold, open discussion
from men like himself who dares to have his own
opinion, even though his opinion may not coin-
cide with that of the men in power. Let not this
House, by its vote, cringe before the executive
power. Let it stand up in its own self-defense
and for its own privileges, for its own self-respect
and its own dignity. Let it emulate something of
the dignity and self-respect of the old paihamen-
ttiiinns of the better days of England, when men
dared to go to the Tower, when men were drawn
and quartered because they criticised the royal
prerogatives which were unconstitutionally ex-
ercised. I hope my friend from Maryland will
never have to go to any Bastile, and will never
have to be drawn and quartered for any opinions
that he may hold. But 1 do believe that he is of
that fearless moid, having run counter to the sen-
timent of his own State, having belonged to or-
ganizations that had a good deal of physical and
mental pluck about them, that he date tell the
truth even to the men in power. He did it last
summer. Andaithough I did notapprove of his
position then, nor of the position ofthe Executive,
which sought to overthrow the privileges and
powers of the House; although I did not believe
that Congress had any power to reconstruct States
any more than the Executive had, yet I did ap-
plaud his bold courage in speaking out for the
rights of Congress in that regard, as I do to-day
Applaud his fearless criticism in that report of the
conductof the Secretary of State.
What the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] said with regard to myself personally,
and of the great difference between the member
from Maryland and myself, no one appiecidtes
more than I do; and 1 throw my,-seit in an atti-
tude of perfect humiliation before su<m a d^nn-£o<i
as the g'M-tleman from Massachu^ef [Lut«h-
ter.] He lias the advantage, winch I have not,
of being a member of the next House of Repre-
«©niatives. He is plumed for a fight jn the next
Congress Let him wear his plume, but let him
wear it gracer'uliy. I have nothing to remark m
regard to that gentleman's antecedents. I mty,
at some other time, ha\e occasion to do that as
fearlessly as I sneak in favor of another member
of the same party—the same who now asks to be
excused from seivtce on the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
i hope, Mr. Speaker, that the House will, by
its action on this question, sustain its own dig-
nity; and with that 1 shall be content.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
regret that, in the discussion which has taken
place, several topics have been introduced that
weie not very intimately connected with *he sim-
ple and earnest application made to the Mouse to
leiievt; me from further service on the Committee
on Foieign Affairs.
It was made in all earnestness and simplicity,
from a profound sense of duty, and not from any
personal feeling of discontent with the vote of
the House. 1 was not in the least degree ruffled
in my temper by the circumstance that thoHou-se
has now, as it has done on so many occasions,
differed from me in judgment. I Have been
brought up on defeats. I have lived m minorities.
[ always submit,and I trust with perfect humility,
to the better judgment Qf the House, if any
gentleman, tn the course of my eight years' ser-
vice in this House, has ever seen in my conduct
any manifestation of ptusoual spleen or personal
disappointment, then may the observations of tne
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] be
justified. If no man has on any occasion seen
ih.it, then I shail he pardon* d tor taking no fur-
ther notice ofthe mean malice that pi ompted I hem.
But, I do not wish to be misundei^tood upon
another point. Uhas been repeatedly stated that
this resolution assails the Piesideiit, Well, sir, I
am ready to assail the President or anybody oUe
who stands across the broad tiack of republican
principles. I need not sav thaLin this House.
Ami yet, sir, there is no word in that resolution
winch assail th« President. Nor was it contem-
plated to as-sail him. It was carefully,deliberately,
critically pi epai ed, and received the approval ol
every niembei oi the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, wnh the dissenting voice alone of tin.; gen-
tleman troni New York, [Mr Pomeroy.]
I beg theaiterilioii of the Liou^e to the language
ofthe i esolution. 'J'he ugh ts that it ajse; ts 1 do
not now pretend to debate. The judgment oi the
House has been rendered, to which 1 shall bow,
and bow without an argument.
The resolution was not a cobweb of my brain,
brought heie to hanj  fin" dissertations upon about
the abstract rights of different departments of
the Government. This House had asserted its
authority in matters of the gravest national im-
portance, events which had anested the atten-
tion of the civilized world, and made anxious the
heart of every friend of liberty m it. A fue na-
tion on our borders lay bleeding m the talons of
the French eagle, and a vagrant adventmer who
had never seen the soil of Mexico called himself
her emperor. The American House of Repre-
sentatives had declared thatitdid notaecoid with
our policy to recognize any monarchical Govern-
ment ei eoted on the i ums of any le publican Gov-
ernment in America, least of all in Mexico, our
neighbor and our fuend. It did not relate to
remote or possible contingencies, but to a bloody,
awful reality, the ruin of a free nation by Euro-
pean violence, under false pretexts, and with on
insolent hostility to our power; a nun now more
nearly consummated, and by our fault, ay, and
still more by the fault of thobe chaiged with the
conduct of our diplomatic intercourse. But that
resolution had lest.-d in the Senate. We had done
all lhat we could, and we were obliged to rest in
silence.
But when the Secietary of State of the United
States sent abroad a dispatch to a foreign Govern-
ment, relative to a matter then pending within the
legislative department of the United States, win re
the Executive eye has no right to penetrate respect-
ing the vote on which, untilcommunicated to him
in the tegular foim, he has no ilgiit to know any-
thing; when at that stage the Secietary of State
saw fit to en term to diploma tic communication with
a ion ijjn Government, in older to rob the vote ot
ih.s House of its legitimate moral power beloie
K had acquired any legislative authority, and in
doing that not only questioned the wibdom and
expediency, but the rniht of this House, and oi'
both Houses, to say *>ne woid unon that subject,
1 could not sit in silence, and the House unl find,
I think, that they will be unable to do so, if limy
have a due regard to their dignity as one of the
branches of this Government.
And it was in deference to that practical, actual
case that the resolution was diawn; drawn care-
fully, drawn critically, drawn with a studious
avoidance of every innuendo against the personal
character either of the President of the United
States or ofthe distinguished gentleman who pie-
sides so ably over the Department of State; and
the language of his letter, to which- the language
ofthe resolution refers, will show how carefully
it was adapted to this object, and how completely
it accomplished it. The Secretary of State says'
It i^5 however, another and a d^tnict quiMtou whether
the United Siaie^ would think itnc e^aiv oi piopej torx-
|)o;ss tiiciii-olvei in die loitn adopted by tiie Ilou.-e ot Hep-
ic*entati\ es at iln^ tunc." J
If it be another question whether the United
States would think proper to express themselves
at this time and in the form that the House of
Representatives have seen fit to use, who speaks
for the United States ?
The Secretary says:
•• Tins is .i piueue.U and purely executive question"—
There the Executive speaks for the United
States!—
'• and the decision of iteoik-titwionally belong, not to the
Iloii'-e ol lXe['ie-«MUativc?. ii'tr even to L'ongiyj-ss, but to the
Pie-ideiit ot the United States."
Then the President is the United Stales ! Do
gentlemen now understand how the word "Pies-
ulent,5came there? It was because the Secretary
of State had told the French Government, with a
view to break the force-of the vote of the House
of R  preseutatives that it belonged, not to the
Hou.se of Representatives, nor to Congress, but
exclusively to the President of the United States, to
declare what the United States thought, and when
it was exped'ent to declare what it thought in ref-
iienee to our foreign a (lairs; and foreign affairs
mean war, and peace, and alliances, and recogni-
tions, and ivutiality, and every mterestand every
right by which we touch the nations of the world.,
and lhat in the lace of the formal words of the
Cof.siituturn, ;isciihiue these functions in whole
oi m pai t to one or both Houst s of Congress.
It was that dcclaiauon, in conflict with all the
precedents of the United States, that the Secre-
tary of State saw fit not merely to express here
in the ordinary mteicourse between the dopatt-
ments of the Gowrnm-'Ht, but to ^end abroad to
our minister in Fiance, and 1 \y before a foreign
Government, and to impeach and discredit the
judgment ol Congiess befoie it was pronounced,
which imperatiulyrequired to be icbukid. And
it was at that language that tiie resolution was
pointed. Now, judge ye, whether it be tiue or
not, that Congress has a constitutional right to
an authoritative voice in our foreign ashms. That
raises the issue directly, does it not, with the lan-
guage, not with the peison even ofthe Secretary
of iState, win ther "• Congress has a con Nth utional
tight to an authoiitative voi.-e in deilaiingand
prescribing the foieign policy of tiie United States,
as well in the recognition of new Powers as in
other matters, and it is the constitutional duty of
the President to lespect that policy, not less in,
mattcis of negotiation than m the use of the na-'
tional force when authorized."
It was no blow aimed at the President. But a
right had been asserted for the President by the
Secretary of State. He first impeached the right
of Congress to do what it has always done, and
usurped its right for one of the floweis of the
presidential prerogative. I deny his law and his
fact. I make the question of right and not of
peison, either with the Secretary of Shite or with
the President.
And then, u whether the United States would
think it necessary or proper to express themselves
in the form adopted by the House of Representa-
tives,"the Secretary tells the world is an executive
question! We cannot alio w our votes to be re-
ceived other than in die constitutional form of a
veto by the Piesident; then he has the right ro
approve or refuse to approve them in the foims
of ins cot stitutional authority.
But I have yet to learn that it is the right of the
President to say what is necessary and proper, or
what is wise or what is unwise with reference to
