1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
two other States lying nearer to the capital of
the country and of the Union.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
much longer. I have already detained them lon-
ger than 1 anticipated when I rose to address the
Senate. I understand that the peculiar right to
pass this bill is claimed to be under the provision
of the Constitution giving the power to Congress
to regulate commerce among the States, to be
found in the third clause of the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution. Then if this
be true, if you pass this bill under that provision
of the Constitution, these roads must be managed
and controlled by the Government. It will be the
duty of the Government to police them, to estab-
lish toll-houses upon them, to establish collection
offices, to appoint collectors to receive this toll
on freight and this transit duty upon the foreign
commerce passing from one State into another,
crossing the State of New Jersey. The one is a
necessary consequence of the other; or, at all
events, it authorizes it to be done, and thus di-
rectly interferes with the rights and privileges of
the States which I claim to be reserved to them
by the Constitution and not granted to the Fed-
eral Government. Shall Congress regulate and
control the useof all these rightsunderthispower
of regulating commerce?
There is a piece of history upon this subject.
In 1827, the then Secretary of the Treasury, just
after the Erie canal was completed, required that
canal boats passing through that canal should take
out a license under the General Government for
the purpose of transporting goods. The rightwas
claimed by the Secretary of the Treasury under
this same clause of the Constitution, that the Gen-
eral Government had a right to regulate commerce;
but De Witt Clinton, then the Governor of the
State of New York, in an able paper demolished
that pretension,and the subject dropped, and has
never been heard of from tliat day to this.
Now if the Senate please, I claim their indul-
gence while I refer to a few authorities upon the
subject, which I think establishes the position
that Congress has no right to interfere with the
regulation, or to hold control over these roads or
the internal improvements of theState. The first
case to which I shall briefly refer is a case de-
cided in the court of errors and appeals in my
own State. I do not know that that will be en-
titled to much consideration at the hands of the
Senator from Massachusetts; but ifthe authority
and doctrine therein contained should be found
to be supported by other authority, by the Su-
preme Court of the United States and the decis-
ions of other State courts, perhaps it may have
a. little influence with the minds of other members
of the Senate. The question arose in this case
as to the power of a State to establish a toll-gate
at the end of a ferry in the State of New Jersey,
the other end of the ferry being in another State.
It was insisted that this same clause of the Con-
stitution prevented the State of New Jersey from
doing that, because it interfered with this power
of Congress to regulate commerce, that it imposed
a tax or duty on commerce transmitted from one
State to another. The case will be found in 4
Zabriskie's Reports, page 718. On page 729 the
court say:
" That theState may regulate the tolls and fares on turn-
pikes and railroads and ferries wholly within its jurisdic-
tion counsel have not gone so far as to deny. But such
regulations will in many cases affect the commerce among
the several States as much as the regulation of tolls at a
ferry direcilv between two Slates. A large part of the com-
merce between Philadelphia and New York passes by
means of the roads and canals through NewJersey, which
latter State has always regulated the tolls without ques-
tion. If the States separately or jointly cannot regulate- a
ferry between two of them, neither can they authorize the
building of a bridge or prescribe the tolls for passing it.
These and the like powers have been exercised by most
of the States of the Union without doubt or hesitation,
from the adoption of the Constitution to the present day,
and are,m my opinion, in nowise repugnant to the pro-
visions of that Instrument."
The court prior to giving their decision exam-
ined the case of Smith vs. Turner, reported in 7
Howard,393, in which Justice McLean, who was
a strenuous advocate of the doctrine that the power
of Congress to regulate commerce excludes the
power of the States to legislate on the subject, says:
" A State cannot regulate commerce, but it may do many
things which more or less affect it. It may tax a ship or
other vessel used in commerce the same as other property
owned by its citizens. A State may tax the stages in which
the mail is transported, but this docs not regulate the con-
veyance of the mail any more than taxing a ship regulates
commerce. An Inquiry Is made whether Congress, under
the power to regulate commerce among the several States,
can Impose a tax for the use of canals, railroads, turnpikes,
and bridges constructed by a State or its citizens. I answer
that Congress has no such power. The United States can-
not use any one of these works without paying the custom-
ary tolls."
The court based their opinion also upon the
famous case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, to be found
in the decisions of the Supreme Courtof the Uni-
ted States. In that case the question arose in this
way: New York had granted an exclusive priv-
ilege to two of her citizens, Livingston and Ful-
ton, to navigate by vessels propelled by steam
the waters of New York bay, &c. Another per-
son procured from the Govemmentof the United
States a license for a steam vessel. The ques-
tion arose whether the exclusive right granted by
the State of New York could override the license
or permission of the Government granted to this
vessel. It was claimed by the.person holding
that license that the power contained in that
clause in the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution which authorizes the regulation
of commerce between the several States overrode
the special legislation of the State of New York
upon that subject. The supreme court of the
State of New York held that the grant to Pulton
and Livingston was valid, and the courtof errors
and appeals of the same St&te held the same doc-
trine; but upon an appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States Chief Justice Marshall re-
versed their decision in that particular. He said
it was within the power of Congress to regulate
commerce in that way, and that the exclusive
grant by the Legislature of the State of New
York could not interfere with or prevent the right
of the person holding that license thus to exer-
cise his privilege with his coasting vessel; but at
that time, in establishing that doctrine, the court
held this doctrine:
"That inspection laws may have a remote and consider-
able influence on commerce will not be denied ; but that
a power to regulate commerce is the source from which the
right to pass them is derived cannot beommed. The ob-
ject of inspection laws is to improve the quality of articles
produced by the labor of a country; to fit them for expor-
tation, or it may be for domestic use. They act upon the
subject before it becomes an article of foreign commerce,
or of commerce among the States, and prepare it for that
purpose. They form a portion of that immense mass of
legislation which embraces everything within the teniioiy
of a State not surrendered to a General Government; all
which can be most advantageously exercised by the States
themselves. Inspection laws, quarantine laws, health laws
of every description, as well as laws for regulating the in-
ternal commerce of State, and those which respect turn-
pike roads, ferries, &c.,are component parts of this mass."
That is, this mass reserved to the States.
"No direct general power over these objects is granted to
Congress; and consequently they remain subject to State
legislation."
1 do not know but that I shall weary the Senate
by a reference to any other authority; but still
there is one to be found in 14 Howard m the case
of Veazie and others againstMoor, and I will beg
leave once more to tax the indulgence of the Sen-
ate while I read a portion of the decision of Mr.
Justice Daniel in that case, because he expresses
the views I entertain much more ably and speci-
fically than I can do myself. The question arose
in this way: the State of Maine granted the ex-
clusive navigation of the upper portion of the Pe-
nobscot river to a company who were to improve
it. The court declared that that was not in con-
flict with the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution of the United States, and a license
to carry on the coasting trade did not entitle the
vessel to navigate the upper waters of the river,
upon the main ground that it was a matter entirely
within the control of theState; it was a matter of
internal commerce. Mr. Justice Daniel examined
this whole question, and the claim under the
eighth section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, which was set up by the person claiming to
navigate the river in that particular instance. He
says:
(i These categories are, first, commerce with foreign na-
tions; sccond,"commerce among the several States; third,
commerce with the Indian tribes. Taking the term com-
merce in its brondest acceptation, supposing it to embiace
not merely traffic, but the means and vehicles by which it
is piosecuted, can it properly be made to include objects
and puiposes such as those contemplated by the law un-
der review? Commerce with toreign nations must Mguity
commerce which in some sense is necessarily connected
with these nations, transaction's which, either immediately
or at some stage of their progress, must be extra teiritorial.
The phrase can never be applied to transactions wholly in-
terna! between citizens of the same community, or to a
polity and laws whose ends and purposes and operations
are restricted to the territory and soil and jurisdiction of
such community. Nor can it be properly concluded, that
because the products of domestic enterprise and agricul-
ture or manuiactures, or in the arte, may ultimately become
the subjects of foreign commerce, that the eontroi of the
means or the encouragements by which enterprise is fos-
tered and protected is legitimately within the import of the
phrase foreign commerce, or fairly implied in any investi-
ture of the power to regulate such commerce, A preten-
sion as far reaching as this would extend to contracts be-
tween citizen and citizen of the same State, would control
the pursuits of the planter, the grazier, the manufacturer,
the mechanic, the immense operationsof the collieries, and
mines and furnaces of the country; forthere is not one of
these avocations the results of which may not become
the subjects of foreign commerce, and be borne either by
turnpikes, canals, or railroads, from point to point within
the several States, toward an ultimate destination, like the
one above mentioned. Such a pretension would effectu-
ally prevent or paralyze every effort of internal improve-
ment by the several States; for it cannot be supposed that
the States would exhaust their capital and their credit in
the construction of turnpikes, canals, and railroads, the
remuneration derivable from which and all control over
which might be immediately wrested from them because
such public works would be facilities for a commerce
which, while availing itself of those facilities, was unques-
tionably internal, although intermediately or ultimately it
might become foreign.
" The rule here given with respect to the regulation of
foreign commerce equally excludes from the regulation of
commerce between the States and the Indian tribes the
control over turnpikes, canals, or railroads, or the clean-
ing and deepening of water-courses exclusively within the
States, or the management of the transportation upon and
by means ofsuch improvements, [n truth, the power vested
in Congress by article one, section eight, of the Constitu-
tion, was not designed to operate upon matters like those
embraced in the statute of the State of Maine, and which
are essentially local in their nature and extent.?'
This practice on the part of the State of New
Jersey is not singular; it does not stand alone.
The same course has been pursued in other Stales
of the Union. It has been done in the State of
Maryland, in the State of Pennsylvania, and in
the State of New York. Let me give you a few
of the precedents in those States:
" The Legislature of Maryland, by an act of 1832, au-
thorized the Baltimoreand Ohio Railroad Company to con-
struct a branch road from Baltimore to the city of Wash-
ington, fixed the fare of each passenger at $2 50; and then
required the company to pay semi-annually to the Tr#*as-.
urer of the Western Shore of Maryland one filth of the
whole amount received for the transportation of passen-
gers over their said branch road.
" The Legislature ot Pennsylvania, by an act of 2l# t of
April, 1846, granted assent of the State to the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company to locate and construct a contin-
uation of their railroad from the town of Cumberland, m
theState of Maryland, to the city of Pittsburg; and re-
quired the company to pay every six months into the treas-
ury of the State, as a tax or duty on all tonnage except the
ordinary baggage of passengers transported on that con-
tinuation of road, such a tax as the Legislature might Im-
pose, not exceeding three mills per ton per mile; and in ad-
dition thereto a tax or duty on all passengers that may have
passed, during each preceding six mouths, a distance of one
hundred miles or more of said road between these points,
at such rate as the Legislature might direct, not exceed-
ing fifty cents for each pis&enger, until the construction of
a railroad connecting the Baltimoreand Ohio railroad with
the Cumberland Valley railroad by the Cumberland valley;
after that the tax or duty not to exceed twenty-fiv« cenu
for each passenger.
" By an act of 26th of March, 1846, the Legislature of
Pennsylvania granted authority to the New York and Erie
Railroad Company to extend their line of railroad from a
point in the village of Port Jervis, m the State of New York,
across the Delaware river into the county of Pike, in the
State of Pennsylvania, and up the valley near the shore of the
river, a distance not exceeding thirty miles j and the stock
of the company equal in amount to the cost of such con-
struction m Pennsylvania was made subject to taxation in
the same manner and to the same amount as other similar
property was or might be made subject. And the company
was further required, after the completion and operation ot
their road to Dunkiik or its connection with any railroad to
Lake Erie, to pavinto the treasury of Pennsylvania, the
annual sum of $10,000, on the penalty of forfeiture of the
rights and privileges-granted by the act.
" In the State ot New York, too, we find an act as early
as April 15,1817, respecting navigable communication he-
tween the great western and northern lakes and the At-
lantic ocean ; and for the purpose of raising a canal fund
various taxes were imposed, among others 'a tax of one
dollar upon each steamboat passenger for each and every
trip or voyage such passenger may be conveycd on board of
any steamboat over one hundred miles ; and half that sum
for any distance less than one hundred miles and more thau
thirty miles.'"
I refer to these instances for the purpose of
showing that if the practice of my State is entitled
to all theseepithetsof usurpation and pretension,
that the State does not stand alone in her practice
in relation to assessing or levying tolls upon pas-
sengers passing from one State to another in dif-
ferent sections of the Union. How is it in rela-
tion to other charters and other companies? I
would pause for a moment to ask you aboutyour
manufacturing companies. If you may pass such
a bill as this in relation to railroads, why may you
not,under the pretense that you have the power to
