£20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
regulate commerce, interfere with the charters of
gas cotnpanfes and all the manufacturing com-
panies of the country, because their operations
are in aid of commerce and have a great deal to
do with commerce between the States, not only
the internal commerce of the States, but foreign
commerce? I grant that in a clear case where
power is expressly granted the General Govern-
ment is supreme, but in a doubtful case it should
Sever be resorted to, especially in times like these,
Mr. President, I am no friend to the odious doc-
trine of State rights, as taugjht by Mr. Calhoun
and adhered to by his disciples and followers;
but I am opposed to centralization and to the ab-
sorption by the General Government of all the
powers of the States. Our system is si complex
one, composed of checks and balances, guards
and counterguards. Destroy these, and all har-
mony and all union is gone. The States are not
to dwarf and nullify the Union, nor are the States
to be dragged like captives chained to the chariot-
•wheels of the Union. It was well said by a dis-
tinguished gentleman upon a recent distinguished
occasion:
" We are a nation—no doubt a peculiar one—a nation
formed of States; and no nation, except as these States form
it; and they are States, but they are no States except as
they are States in that nation. Historically they never
were; and they have no more right to repudiate the nation
than the nation has a right to repudiate the in ; and neither
of them have any shadow of right, and we intend, God help-
ing us, so to vindicate that truth that it shall never be dis-
puted any more in this world."
The General Government is supreme where
power is expressly granted; butall other powers
are reserved to the States or the people of the
States, I ask you, Senators, not to divide and
agitate when union and a common purpose are so
requisite. Do not harass, vex, and destroy us.
This Union has been likened to a temple with its
dome reaching high up toward the heavens, whose
pillars are constituted by the States. Destroy
rfiese pillars and your golden dome will come
tumbling to the earth, there to lie and be covered
by the accumulated dust of ages.
Mr, SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until Saturday
at one o'clock, and make it the special order for
that day, with a view to take up the naval appro-
priation bill. The Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Wye,] I understand, desires to address the Senate
on this subject; and if he desires to take the floor
on the pending bill I have no objection to yield-
ing to him for that purpose.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will now
yield, I will move that the pending bill be post-
poned to, and made the special order for, Satur-
day next atone o'clock. Allow me to say, before
that motion is put, that I have neither formed nor
expressed an opinion on the pending bill. I hope,
however, that on Saturday the Senate will be pre-
pared to dispose of it; otherwise it will stand in
the way of important legislative measures. I
have no feeling about the bill whatever, but I
hope it will be disposed of on Saturday.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Senator
from Ohio to say that he has important financial
measures to consider now?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Army and Navy ap-
propriation bills are pending and ought to be dis-
posed of; and I move to postpone this bill until
Saturday and make it the special order, with a view
of taking up the naval appropriation bill, and I
have expressed the hope that this bill may be dis-
posed of definitely then.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope it may be disposed of
then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thequestion
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FEOJi THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPjjebson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (S.
No. 407) to authorize the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United States
and China,
The message further anno;«?ced that the House
had passed the bill of the Bssuse (H. R. No. 761)
extending the time for the completion of certain
land-grant railroads in the State of Minnesota,
and for other purposes, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
having corrected the error in the engrossment of
the amen4ment of the House to the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate (S. R. No. 42) to extend the time
for the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint, and for
the completion of said road, the amendment was
returned to the Senate for its concurrence.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills, which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore of the
Seriate:
A bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14,1862, entitled "An act to establish
certain post roads;" and
A bill (S. No. 413) to establish a bridge across
the Ohio river at Cincinnati, Ohio, a post road.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (H. R. No. 761) extending the time for
the completion of certain land-grant railroads in
the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 164) authorizing
a contract with William H. Powell for a picture
for the Capitol—to the Committee on the Library.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 42)
to extend the time for the reversion to the United
States of the lands granted by Congress to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Pere Marquette
to Flint, and for the completion of said road.
The amendment was to strike out the words,
"and a railroad from Little Bay de Noquette to
Marquette, and thence to Ontonagon."
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment made by the House of
Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill (H. R.No. 676) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1866.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the Senator from Ohio
whether he will not consent that that bill be
laid aside informally for a few moments in-order
that we may attempt at least to finish the bill in
regard to the circuit and district courts for the
State of Nevada. Legislation must be completed
on that matter before the 27th of the present
month, or a number of causes in the Supreme
Court of the United States will drop and be lost
to the parties. The United States is a party in
several of tjjose causes, and its interests are con-
cerned.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should not have the
slightest objection except that I am informed that
the Senator from Nevada is likely to discuss the
bill at some length, and the naval appropriation
bill ought to beaded upon.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course I do not desire to cut
the Senator from Nevada short, but I can hardly
believe that a great deal of time will be consumed
in suggesting such alterations as he wishes in this
bill, or such reasons as he wishes to urge why the
bill should be passed us it came from the House
of Representatives. Certainly itseems to me that
we should have action on this bill, and not deiay.
1 can hardly think a delay of the appropriation
bill for an hour, or two even, which would be, I
presume, longer than the time occupied with this
bill, would be detrimental to the public interests.
Here are the rights of a State, the rights of par-
ties, and the rights of the United States, that re-
quire legislation before the 27th day of the present
month. It must be had before that time, or cer-
tain rights will be lost, irretrievably lost.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have no objection
to allowing that bill to be proceeded with if the
Senator from Nevada did not desire to discuss it.
Mr. STEWART. 1 do desire to discuss the
bill, although I am not particular about discuss-
ing it at this time, and I do not think there is any
such pressing necessity for the passage of the bill,
We want a district court in Nevada, as a matter
of course; but rather than have it incumbered
with provisions which we regard as oppressive
and odious, we prefer that the whole bill should
be lost, and that we should go without a court
for a year. We have had some little experience
of inefficient, bad courts, an experience which
has been sad indeed. We have labored under
disadvantages and with courts that were a curse
to the country, ar.d we have not complained.
Now, we prefer that the bill should be defeated
entirely rather than have theamendments reported
by the committee incorporated upon it. 1 wish
to be heard in regard to those amendments. I
feel exceedingly pained, being a new Senator here,
that I am called upon at so early a period to in-
sist upon a matter which I regard as of such great
importance to the constituents whom I represent.
Still, whenever this bill is to be acted upon, 1 de-
sire to be heard. It is entirely immaterial, so far
as we are concerned, whether it is taken up now
or taken up at some future day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, then, to the mo-
tion being entertained, and prefer going on with
the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut, it cannot be entertained. The naval
appropriation bill is before the Senate as in Com1-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the same course
had better be taken with regard to this bill that
was pursued in acting on the legislative appro-
priation bill; and that is, to vote on each amend-
ment as it is reached in order in reading the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in lines nine and ten to strike out
"$23,327,722 50" and insert "$22,250,000," as
the appropriation for " pay of commission, war-
rant, and petty officers and seamen, including the
engineer corps of the Navy."
Mr. SHERMAN. Since that amendment was
reported, upon further and more careful exami-
nation of the estimates, I am satisfied that the ori-
gioal item is correct; I therefore ask that the amend-
ment be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line nineteen to
strike out the words " and so forth" after " sea-
men;" so as to make the item read:
For bounties to seamen, $1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hundred
and five and one hundred and six to reduce the
appropriation for clothing for the Marine corps
from $328,512 to #239,688.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
the items of appropriation for the Boston navy-
yard " commencing building for sawing, planing,
and working heavy wood-work for ships; two
building slips; provision store," in lines one hun-
dred and forty-eight, one hundred and forty-nine,
and one hundred and fifty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, in lines
one hundred and sixty-one and one hundred and
sixty-two,(< paint-shop" and " officers' houses"
from the items of appropriation for the New York
navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hundred
and ninety-seven, one hundred and ninety-eight,
and one hundred and ninety-nine, to strike out
" commencing quay wail at foundry; completing
one half of storehouse; paint-shop; commencing
timber shed/' from the items of appropriation for
the Mare Island navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wasin lines two hundred
and thirty-two and two hundred and thirty-three,
to strike out from the appropriations for the Ports-
mouth magazine the items " metal store and pat-
tern loft; quarters for inspector of ordnance,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and forty, to strike out ** quarters for inspector
of ordnance" from the items of appropriation for,
the Boston magazine.
The amendment was agreed to.
