m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decejnber 19,
WITHDRAWAL OF GOODS.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a bill asked by theTreasury Department, which
it is necessary should be passed before the holi-
days or there will be a forfeiture of goods. If
this is passed the Committee of Ways and Means
wiU have no objection to an adjournment over till
Monday next. It is a bill to extend the time al-
lowed for the withdrawal of certain goojls therein
named from certain stores.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this bill to be considered
in connection with the act passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress? How does it affect that act?
Mr. STEVENS. I wilt state in a«single word
the effect of the bill. By the law,as itnow stands,
all goods in the bonded warehouses were to be ex-
ported or sent to the Pacific coast within three
years, the duties were to be paid, and they were
to be debarred from the privilege of exportation.
A great many goods were in the warehouses
then, and the time virtually expired in January.
Among these goods were arms and munitions of
war. By the proclamation of thoPresident,own-
er^ were prohibited from exporting these goods.
They were compelled, therefore, to leave them
where they were, and by the original law unless
they were exported before January they were
foifeited to the United States. All that is now
asked is that the; time dutmg which, by the proc-
lamation of the President, they were prohibited
from exporting them, Khali not be counted against
them, and that they shall be allowed the same
time they would have had if the proclamation had
never been made. In other words, it is asked
that that time shall not be charged against them
so as to work a forfeiture of their goods for not
exporting them when they were unable to do it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My impression was that this
conflicted with the law of the last session; but I
find it does not, and 1 therefore do not object.
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, ordered to bo engrossed and read a thud
time, and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
thq third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. After the
statementthat the CommitteeofWaysand Means
has no more business to piesent, I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN ItAILKOAD.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee for
the District of Columbia a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to mcoiporate the Metropolitan
railroad of the District of Columbia/' approved
July 1, 1864.
The bill, which was read for information, pio-
vides that the seventeenth section of the act to
incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Company
be amended so as to extend the time for the com-
pletion of said railroad for two years from the
passage of said net; and furthermore repeals all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of jNew York. The company
desjres this for the reason that their vessel con-
taining lumber has been carried oiU to sea, and
they have not been able to get the lumber.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois, objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 10, 1S64.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
Hon. John P. Hale, of New Hampshire, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
PETITIONS AND MKM01UALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present the
petition of Eltas H. Chambers, praying to be in- ||
demmfied for the loss of certain Tieasury notes ij
destroyed by tire. Tbe«-e are many cast-s of this j|
kind occurring, and i think it would be well to j]
refer the petition to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that they may inquire into the propriety of
making some general law on this subject. I there-
fore move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of
ex-General Willis A. Gorman, who represents
that an act passed at the last session giving R.
G. Murphy $800, was accompanied by a remark-
able and unusual averment, that " that account"
was " charged to, and paid by him, as agent for
the Sioux Indians upon false vouchers transmit-
ted to the Indian Bureau by Willis A. Gorman,
late superintendent of Indian affairs for the north-
western superintendency." He says this does
him gross injustice, and that he has long been
ready and able to make the matter clear, and he
asks lhathe may be relieved fiom this imputation.
I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, from which the bill emanated.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition which is
in the following terms:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled:
We, the undersigned, your petitioners, piay yon to enact
a law to socuie a n-ptihliean foim of government and abol-
ish and forever piolnblt slaveiy in the United States.
This is signed by Henry Ward Beecher, of No.
82 Columbia street, Brooklyn, New York, and
some three thousand citizens of New York. I
move that it be referred to the select Committee on
Slavery and Freedmen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of offi-
cers of the Army, praying for an increase of then-
pay and allowances; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Heniy county, Iowa,and a petition of citizens
of Clayton county, Iowa, praying for a repeal of
the reciprocity treaty with Gieat !_>< ltain as a mat-
ter of justice to the agricultural intciests of the
Northwest; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of acting assist-
ant paymasters of the Navy praying to be allowed
the rank and pay of lieutenants "in the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of Sur-
geon Benjamin Vreeland, United States Navy,
praying to be allowed the difference between the
compensation of a surgeon and a passed assistant
surgeon from the date when he wasentitled to bis
examination bylaw to the date of his passing the
examination; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cook county, Illinois, praying for the
passage of a uniform bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of citi-
zens of California praying for the passage of
House bill No. 560, to ammul the " Act to giant
the right of preemption to certain settlers on the
Soscol ranche;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented the proceedings of a
meeting ot citizens of Colorado Ten itory, urging
the adoption of legislation by which the title to
mineral lands may be confirmed to the occupants;
which were leferrcd to the Committee on Public
Lands.
lie also presented a memorial of the presby-
tery of Cincinnati, praying thjt the Constitution
may be so amended as to iccognize the existence j'
of God; which was referred to the Committee on I
the Judiciary. |
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of j
the Western Associated Press, praying for a re- :
peal of the duty on foreign printing paper; which |!
was referred to the Committee on Finance. f
11
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. ||
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili- i
tary Affairsand the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 583) to amend the twenty-first 1
section of an act entitled "An act to define the '>•
pay and emolument of cet'ain ofrieeis of the 1
Army, and for other purposes," approved July
18, 1862, reported it without amendment. .j
He a!oO, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 108) to define
the pay and emolument of chaplains in the United
States Aimy and volunteer forces, and for other
purposes, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, the subject having been acted on at
the last session of Congress; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
recommitted the joint resolution (S. No. 20) ex-
tending the benefits of the bounty granted by the
act of July 22, 1861, to certain soldiers who en-
tered the service of the United States prior to
May 3, 1861, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 261) to pro-
vide for the voluntaiy enlistment of any persons,
residents of certain States, into the regiments of
other States, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 231) concerning
the subsistence and pay of the Army, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FOOT. I ask to be excused from service
upon the Committee on the Judiciary. Being
placed on four of the standing committees of the
body, I find it impracticable to attend the meetings
and the duties assigned to these several committees,
and I therefore ask to be excused from that one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont moves that he be excused from fur-
ther service upon the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the vacancy be filled
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HALE. I notice in the proceedings of the
Senate,' that during my absence the Senate have
done me the honor to place me in the position of
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I must throw myself upon the indul-
gence of the Senate to excuse me from that ser-
vice. In making this request, I do not ask to be
discharged from serving on the committee; 1 am
ready to render such service as I may to the
Senate and to the committee; but it is a commit-
tee of which I have never been a member, and
I have known nothing of its business, and I see
upon the committee several gentlemen who have
been for somo years members of the committee,
perfectly acquainted with the character of the
business and its routine, and vastly better able to
discharge the responsible duties of chairman of
the committee than I am myself. 1 therefore hope
the Senate will excuse me from serving as chair-
man of-the committee.
The request was granted.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the 35th rule of the Senate
ao kelatcs to the appointment of the cimmn.ui ut com-
mittees be >uspendeil, as regards the appointment of the
eh.inni.in ot the committee on the District of Columbia,
and tli.ti the t-aid chairman be appointed by the Piesident
yro tempore of the Senate.
M15SSAGK FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Cleik, announced that
the House hud passed the following bill and joint
lesolutsons of tlie Senate:
A bill (S. No. 232) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United States district court
for the (list! let of Indiana;
A joint resolution (S. No. 83) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain John A. Wins-
low, United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command on boaid the United
States steamer Kearsarge, in the conflict wjth the
piratical ciaft the Alabama, in compliance with
the Piesident's recommendation to Congress of
the 5th of December, 18G-1; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 84) tendeiing the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant William B.
Cuslung, United States Navy, and to the officers
and men who assisted him in his gallant and peril-
ous achievement in destroying the rebel steamer
Albemarle, in compliance with ihc President's
recommendation to Congress of the 5th of Decern-
bur,
The message further announced that the House
of RopicseiiUitivcs had parsed the following bills
