822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
very readily appropriated by the Navy Depart-
mentfor that purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator misappre 
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that i only pre-
sent this as, 1 think, an improvement. I am not
disposed to press it, but I hope the Senate will
consider the proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it would be an im-
provement if it was carried out, but it is impos-
sible to carry it out under the amendment pro-
posed by theSenator from California. We now
nave an apprentice system; we have two school-
ships; one in the harbor of New York, in which
boys are placed as soon as they are enlisted into
the service until they are twenty-one years of age,
and after a certain number have accumulated on
that ship they are sent to the Sabine, that is now
lying in Hampton Roads, and there they are in-
structed so far in their profession that they can
be of service to the Government, and then they
are detailed from that ship to other ships and
serve as sailors growing up. Now, whattheSec-
retary of the Navy proposes is to take these you ng
men from that ship, a certain number of them,
and transfer them to the Academy.
Mr. CONNESS. Precisely.
Mr. GRIMES. Butthis amendmentwouldnot
meet that case. This would authorize each mem-
ber and delegate in the House of Representatives
to select two boys from his district and send
them to the Naval Academy, and then the neces-
sary number of midshipmen would have to be se-
lected from those thus sent. That would only
be accomplishing exactly what you accomplish
now, except that you would increase the number
by two, in place of increasing it by one, foreach
district, as proposed by the House bill. You
give the power of appointment to each member
and delegate in the other House to appoint two
young lads under the name of apprentices, and
send them to the Naval Academy. You do not,
by the amendment, reach the apprentices, the
young men who have been performing the prac-
tical duties of a sailor on board a vessel-of-war.
Mr. CONNESS. My purpose perhaps is served
in presenting this question even as briefly as I
have done to the Senate. It is apparent that there
is a majority of this body in favor of a more pop-
ular and sensible selection of persons to be sent
to the Naval School, as also to the school at West
Point. Last year the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] took up the latter
subject, and many of us differed from that Senator
onlyas to the scheme that he proposed for carry-
ing his plan into effect. It is apparent that so far
as this oranch of Congress is concerned we are
ready for a change, and a beneficial change, in
these respects, and I hope that before another ses-
sion shall be over the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs j as well asrthe honorable Senator
from Rhode Island who has taken so much in-
terest in the West Point question, will be pre-
pared to give us a proper system according to
which this great reformation can be made. 1 now
withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California being with-
drawn, the question is on the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which is to strike out the
second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line two hundred and
seventeen, on page 10:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to purchase the balance ofsquare numbered nine
'hundred and forty-eight in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia, some fourteen thousand feet, upon which a
naval hospital is now iu course of erection.
It will be^ observed that this amendment makes
no appropriation*, it merely authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay out of what is called the
hospital fund the amount of money that is neces-
sary to make this purchase, which I understand
will be about two thousand dollars. This hos-
pital fund, as members of the Senate are aware,
is a contribution made out of the monthly pay of
every officer and man in the service, and it is ap-
plied for the purpose of taking care of them when
sick. That is the fund with which hospitals are
built, and with which this ground is to be pur-
chased.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer another amendment, by
the instruction of the Committee on Naval Affairs;
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000 is
hereby appropriated to enlarge the accommodations for
sick, wouuded, &c., at the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia,
authonzed by act of Congress of March 14, 1864.
It is known to the Senate, I suppose, that we
have one Naval Asylum in the neighborhood of
Philadelphia. I have letters here from the chief
of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, and from
the Secretary of the Navy, calling the attention
of the committee of which I have the honor to be
a member, and, through that committee, of the
Senate, to this subject, and especially calling at-
tention to the report made by the chief of the bu-
reau last December. I will read an extract from
that report:
" Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.—-There is obviously a
great want of additional accommodation at tins establish-
ment, as well (in account of the progressive increase of ben-
eficiaries as of hospital cases.
"The admissions to the hospital department during the
year 1860 were but one hundred and seventy-nine, while
during the year 1863 they amounted to nearly one thousand.
It is not probable that either patients or beneficiaries will
diminish m number, certainly not the latter, for years to
come; on tho contrary, it may be reasonably expected the
number will increase.
"The sum of $75,000 was appropriated by act of Con-
gress, approved March 14,1884, to extend the building; but
the derangement of business and enormous increase in the
price of labor, material, and everything necessary for the
prompt execution of the work, rendered it inexpedient to
commence operations with such limited means; and rather
than have the grounds defaced and disfigured by undertaking
what there was no certainty of soon completing, I liaveab-
stamed from commencing operations until further appro-
priations aie made. 1 have not asked tor additional means,
because of the mopportuneness of the times; but still, be-
lieving that our necessities will not diminish, I submit to
the Department whether it may not find it proper to ask for
the further sum of $100,000, which 1 have not included in
the estimates.
" A system of transferring patients from one naval hos-
pital to another has enabled us thus far to meet the wantof
accommodation at Philadelphia; butthis is an uncertain
rcliance, especially in view of the continued growth of the
Navy and the casualties of war."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment from the same committee:
And be it further enacted, That to defray the necessary
expenses of the commission to select the most approved site
for a navy-yard or naval station on the Mississippi river, or
upon one of its tributaries, the sum of $2,590 is hereby ap-
propriated.
This amendment is moved in compliance with
a communication made to Congress by the Secre-*
tary of the Navy, to which was appended a list
of items showing the expenditures made by the
commission.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer another amendment,
which does not come from the committee, but is
offered on my own motion:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the second
section of the act entitled "An act to increase and regulate
the pay of the Navy of the United States," approved June
1, I860, as piovided that the officer charged with experi-
ments in gunnery at the navy-yard at Washington shall re-
ceive the sea-service pay of the grade next above him, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
I will explain this to the Senate in a moment.
I think the first law that was passed on the sub-
ject of the ordnance officer at the Washington
yard was in 1851, when it was declared that the
lieutenant in charge of ordnance at that yard,
that lieutenant at that time being the present Ad-
miral Dahlgren, should receive the sea pay of the
grade next above him, which was the sea pay of
a commander. When in 1860 we passed a law
fixing the pay of officers in the Navy there was a
clause added to it declaring that"the officer now
in charge of the experiments in gunnery at the
Washington navy-yard" should receive the sea
pay of the grade next above him. The word
" now" was twice inserted in the clause, I remem-
ber, in order as it was supposed to make it cer-
tain that if Commander Dahlgren should be de-
tached to some other duty and some one else be
sent there the provision would not apply to his
successor. It has, however,been decided by the
Treasury Department that they cannot tell who
maybe detached to this position, and they con-
tinue to pay to the officer in charge the sea pay
of the grade next above him. This amendment
is to restore the law as it originally stood, and
let the ordnance officer at the Washington navy-
yard stand like the ordnance officer at every other
navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the United States Naval
Academy shall not be returned to and established at the
Naval Academy grounds in Annapolis, in the State of
Maryland, before the commencement of the academic year
1867.
I send to the Chair and ask to have read two
letters on this subject.
The Secretary read, as follows :
War Department,
Washington City, February 6, 1865.
Sir: The Secretary of War directs me to refer to you the
inciosed copy of a communication of December *28,1864,
from the Surgeon General to hun, with relation to the ne-
cessity of a general hospital establishment at Annapolis,
Maryland, for the reception of our sick and wounded sol-
diers returned from southern prisms; and to invite your
special attention to the necessity for the retention of the
Naval School for this purpose, to avoid the expenditure of
a considerable amount of public money in the erection of
suitable buildings to supply the place of the eslabbshinpnt
now occupied, and which, under existing law?, isto be re-
stored to its original purpose-* in the month of May, 1865.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES A. HAltDIE,
Colonel and Inspector General.
Hon. Henry Wilson,
Chairman Military Committee United States Senate,
Surgeon General's Office,
Washington (Jity, December 28, 1865.
Sir: It having been decided by actot Congress,approved
May 21, 1864, that the United States Naval School at An-
napolis, Maryland, occupied since the latter part ot June,
1861, as a general hospital, shall be restored to its original
purposes in the month of IVJay, 1865, t have the honor to
report that its retention during the war, or the immediate
erection of a general hospital at or near Annapolis, Mary-
land, for the reception of our sick and wounded returning
from souUiern prisons, is a necessity of the highest im-
portance.
Facility of access by water, purity of atmosphere, and
protection fiom the injurious influences of large cities, with
other essential requisites to the treatment and convales-
cence of th'is interesting cla^s of patients, can be more ad-
vantageously secured there than elsewhere.
The Naval School hospital, possessing all these advan-
tages, with a capacity of nineteen hundred beds, is now in
successful operation, and if possible should be continued.
Within the past year it has received twelve thousand five
hundred patients, a large proportion of whom weie ex-
changed or paroled prisoners arriving by water, many of
these being carried direct from the transport ships to "the
wards, in such condition as to haveprecluded the possibility
of their reaching a more distant hospital.
A tract of forty or more acres on the Pinfcney farm, afford-
ing a most eligible site, with good water front on the Se-
vern, and unusual facilities for drainage, can be obtained at
a reasonable rent.
It is therefore respectfully recommended that, should it
become necessary to vacate the Naval School, the Quarter-
master General be instructed to effect a lea^e of the Fink-
ney farm, and at once give the neccssary orders for grading,
drainage, and building a wharf, while materials are being
collected for the erection of a United Stales general hos-
pital of two thousand beds, upon the plan indicated in the
circular of the War Depaitment of July 20,1864, and an
officers' hospital of two hundred beds upon a plan corre-
sponding with that of the administrative building in the
above circular, modified as shown in the accompanving
diagram.
The relative position of buildings to each other, the po-
sition of wharf, grading, and drainage of grounds, and lay-
ing out of road and walks to be under the superintendence
and control of Surgeon B. A. Vanderkieft, United States
volunteers, with whom will be associated the Medical Di-
rector and iMedical Inspector of the Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. K. BARNES,
Surgeon General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that we
have ordered the restoration of the Naval Acad-
emy to Annapolis by May next. A portion of
the buildings of the Academy are used for hospital
purposes. H appears by this statement of the
Surgeon General that we have nineteen hundred
beds there now. Jf the Academy is brought
back there in May these buildings and grounds
must be given up. i have moved to extend the
time for bringing back the Academy two years,
in order that we may continue to use in the mean
time the buildings and grounds for the purposes
for which they are now used. If we do that we
shall save the expense recommended here for the
purchase of forty acres of the Pinkney farm and
erecting the proper buildings for the hospital upon
it. I think it will be a large saving to the Gov-
ernment. Certainly, if we purchase this land
and erect these buildings it must be done at a
very large expense. I have therefore offered the
amendment fo£ the purpose of extending the time
for bringing back the Academy to 1867.
1 wish simply to add, in closing, that I have
no objection to the Academy coming back there
on any general principles. I suppose it is settled
it must come back there sooner or later; but it
