1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
seems to me we had better keep the grounds and
buildings for the purposes for which we are now
using them until the close of the rebellion.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want to be unchar-
itable, but I think the real secret of this movement
is that there are some very comfortable dwelling-
houses connected with the Naval Academy at
Annapolis which are occupied by the Army sur-
geons, which they ate not extremely anxious to
abandon. I understand since the motion was made
by the Senator to append this as an additional
section, that the amount that is likely to be saved
by not bringing the Naval Academy back and
building a hospital will be $30,000. I congratu-
late the country, I congratulate the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, I congratu-
late the War Department on the spirit of econ-
omy that has so suddenly descended upon them.
Thirty thousand dollars ! Mr. President, what
is that in comparison with restoring your Acad-
emy and placing it on the basis where it was? I
tell the Senate and I tell the country that it is the
sentiment ofevery man who has visited that Acad-
emy and is connected with itthat its tone is being
most essentially lowered where it is; and I would
rather disband it entirely than let it remain where
it is, at Newport, for three years more. That-is
the sentiment of every man connected with it ex-
ceptone, so far as I am able to learn, and 1 have
had communications with nearly every one of
them. I say it is a perfect outrage for the War
Department to attempt to keep these grounds upon
the paltry, miserable excuse assigned in those let-
ters. Save $30,0001 I declare, Mr. President,
it is a consolation to know that there is a spirit of
economy sometimes that makes its appearance
from the War Department.
If we want to educate these young men and
make them an ornament to their profession, if we
want to protect their morals, now scattered all
over the city of Newport, some in quarters in one
place and some in another, none of them, or hardly
any of them, brought in immediate connection
with the professors, tutors, and instructors,some
of them on shipboard, where they ought not to
be, a hospital away, removed off, remote from the
Academy; if we want to do justice to these young
men, let us restore the Academy to where it be-
longs, and where itoughtnever really to have gone
from. Whatshould wethmkif the Navy Depart-
ment hadgot possession of WestPointand should
undertake to keep West Point Military Academy,
just as the War Department is attempting to keep
the Naval Academy? Why, sir, the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts would rise up every day, and every
hour of every day, and protest against it, and we
should have a flood of bills and resolutions h<?re
on the subject.
t trust, Mr.President, that weshall atoncedis-
poee of this question as we have disposed of it be-
fore. Let the Naval Academy come back to Annap-
olis; vote to the War Department the $30,000 that
is necessary to build a hospital and lease the
ground they want; but do not let us cripple the
energies of the Navy and destroy, in effect, your
Naval Academy by retaining it where it is.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Iowa
can construct a hospital of two thousand beds
and all the appliances for §30,000,1 hope we shall
contract with him to build all our hospitals and
barracks.
I was not aware thatthis recommendation was
coming in until the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs informed me of it; but 1 cer-
tainly think we are bound to pay regard to the
recommendations of the War Department, And
I wish to state one thing, Mr. President, which
it may seem strange to those who read the debate
& year ago I did not state at the time; and that
is, in defense of the ancient town of Newport
from the charges that have been brought against
it upon this floor by officers who have enjoyed
the hospitality and have become familiar with the
society of that town;a society which, I undertake
to say, in refinement, and in culture, and in every-
thing which marks a high civilization, is not in
any respect inferior to that of any other city in
the Union. The letters to which I refer, it may be
recollected, were published in the Globe, the of-
fensive portion of them, but were not read by the
Senator from Iowa when he made his speech. He
very properly omitted those portions which re-
flected upon the town of Newport, and which are
not in anv respect borne out by the facts.
The allegation that Newport is an unfit place
for a military or naval adcademy by reason of the
morals of the town is just as untrue as that alle-
gation would be if made of any town in the Union.
Undoubtedly the young gentlemen of the Naval
Academy are not so well cared for in hotels as
they would be in buildings especially constructed
for th£ir accommodation; and if the Academy
was to be retained at Newport unquestionably
there should be proper accommodations erected
for it. As for some of the young gentlemen
being on board ships, they are on board ships at
Annapolis, and always have been on board ships.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. ANTHONY. Some. Oneclass isalways
on board ships.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is altogether
mistaken.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the young gentlemen
whoare there themselves are mistaken, for I have
heard them say that they were on board ships,
and speak of the tricks played upon the young-
sters when they first got into their hammocks.
Mr. GRIMES. The system of having a part
of a class on board ship had only been in vogue
one year when ihe Academy was removed, and
has been pronounced by one of the very best offi-
cers of the Navy, and one of the most accom-
plished, a former commandant of midshipmen,
Mr. Rodgers, and, 1 think, a citizen of the Sen-
ator's own town,as an entire failure, and it ought
to be abolished and the boys kepton land. I have
his letter to that effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the accom-
modations at Annapolis are not sufficient for all
the pupilsof the Academy,and that some of them
are necessarily obliged to be on shipboard. Am
I wrong in that?
Mr. GRIMES. With the increase in the num-
ber of the Academy at this time, I think they
could not all be accommodated on land.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I will ask the Sen-
ator if, in his opinion, so many of them could be
accommodated on land at Annapolis as are now
accommodated on land at Newport?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; a great many more.
Mr. ANTHONY, i differ from the Senator
there. 1 do not believe the whole accommoda-
tions of the School at Annapolis are equal to the
accommodations procured on shore at Newport
now.
Bat I rose not for the purpose of debating the
question. Congress have decided thatthe Naval
School shall be removed back to Annapolis. I
rose mainly to defend the town of Newport from
these charges brought against its public morals,
and which 1 pronounce utterly unjust: the charges
that Newport is an immoral place, or that the
young gentlemen are subjected to temptations
there that they would not be in any other place
in the Union of equal size The Senatordid not
bring the charges, but they were printed in the
Congressional Globe. The Senator did not read
them here. If they had been read here, I should
have replied to them at the time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. When this question was
brought before the Senate a year ago, and my
colleague took upon himself the urging of the
request that Congress and the Government of the
United States would retain the Naval Academy
at Newport, I felt too diffident to interpose. At
the begmningof this war it was my fortune to
arrive at Annapolis about the time when the frig-
ate Constitution was saved from destruction by
the rebels. It seems to me that if there is any
question as to the policy of the Government at
this time, its economy, or otherwise, that ques-
tion should be decided in favor of retaining the
Academy where it now is, rather than removing
it, until the excitement of the times and all the
passions incident to them shall have subsided by
the settlement of this war. it seems to me now,
as it did at that time, that although Maryland
has commended herself to the country and to the
world, so important an interest as the Navy and
the proper education of its officers should not be
brought so near the confines and the borders of
this rebellion as Annapolis will bring it.
I have no particularpartiality for Newport, but
I take occasion to say here that the remarks said
to have been made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs as to the immorality of
that place cannot be true. The climate is too
cold, far too cold, to have upon its inhabitants or
upon those at the Academy such an effect as has
been suggested by him, or by any one else who
may have made that suggestion in defending An-
napolis at the expense of Newport.
A State which has produced a Perry—and I
call Perry to my mind now because the picture
at present in the rotunda brings to the mind ofthis
generation the exploits of the past—I say the State
which has produced such men and such results
is not an inappropriate school to cultivate and to
strengthen the minds of men who are to be con-
nected with the Nayy, and who are to carry out
and to extend from this time hereafter the results
of victory wherever the Navy may carry our flag.
I trust, sir, the Senator from Iowa, the chairman
of the Naval Committee, will disclaim any inten-
tion to condemn Newport or to condemn any
associations of Newport as being an inappropriate
place in consequence of any immorality alleged
against it to its disparagement as a site for the
Naval School.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg leave to say to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague,] to the
Senate, and to the citizens of Newport, that I
have not said a single word now or at any other
time in disparagement of Newport. The Sen-
ator^ colleague has already admitted in advance
that I did not rend the sentence to which excep-
tion has been taken. It was embraced in a letter
which was accidentally handed to the reporter and
was thus transferred into the debate. I did not
read it herein the Senate and had nothing in the
world to do with its publication. I have notsaid
anything now in regard to Newport and its immo-
rality or its morality. 1 have no doubt, from the
specimens we have of Rhode Island on the floor
of the Senate, that they are a remarkably moral,
pure, high-toned, honorable people. But that is not
the question before us. The question is whether
it is expedient for us to retain the Naval Academy
right in the center of a town, in a hotel with noth-
ing around it except a mere artificial line, and then
say that if a boy steps over that line to get an
orange or to reach toward any temptation, no mat-
ter what, thatmay be before him there, he shall be
marked with ten orfifteen demeritmarksata time,
and then when the demerit marks have reached
one hundred that he shall be turned out of the
Academy. I ask gentlemen to put themselves in
the place of the fathers of these boys and let them
answer for themselves whether they would like
to have their sons placed in such an attitude as
that, where they would be so liable to be disgraced
and degraded. That is the condition in which
we are asked to keep these young lads who are
intrusted to us for safe-keeping.
Mr. SPRAGUE. All i ask in the disposition
of this question is that you shall wait until the
war is over before the Academy is removed. Then
put it in Florida or Texas or anywhere else that
you choose, but wait until peace shall have been
restored, until the flag of the Union shall float
permanently and surely over Maryland, as well
as over every other southern State, before you re-
move this most important institution.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. I offer the followingamendment
to come in at the end of the bill as additional sec-
tions:
rfnd be it further enacted. That the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appolnta
Board of Admiralty, which shall consist oftbe vice admiral,
one rear admiral, one commodore, one captain, one com-
mander, and one lieutenant commander, over which the
Secretary ofthe Navy ortiieofBcer of highest rank present
shall preside; and when the Mjbject under consideration
shall appertain to the duties of any bureau in the Navy
Department, the chief of such bureau shall be a member
of the board, and entitled to sit and vote on the <-ubject.
Sec. —. Jlnd bf it further enacted) That the board shall de-
liberate in common and advise the Secretary on any matters
relating to naval organization, naval legislation, the con-
stitution, equipment, and armament ofve*«e1*, navy-yards,
and other naval establishments, and the direction,employ-
ment, and disposition of the n.iv.il f. rce* in time of war,
when required by Inm. All such opinions shall he recorded.
Sec. —• Jindheit further enacted, That no vessel-of-war
shall be built or materially altered, nor any i uns of new
construction ordered or adopted, nor any engine lor any
vessel of-war adopted oroidered, norauy permanent struc-
ture for naval service executed, until the plans, estimates,
proposals, and contiacts tor the ssmie shall have been sub-
mitted to the bouid, and its opinion and advice thereon
communicated in wiitmj* to the Secretaiy ; nor shall any
patented invention be bou ht or adopted for the naval ser-
vice without fir«t the opinion of the board thereon having
been taken ; and all experiments to te<t inventions and na-
val plans and struetmes shall be conducted under the in-
spection of the board, or members thereof natned by the
Secretary; and submitted to the board for its opinion
