58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
straits of Mackinaw, which are two or three miles
broad, in deep water, running out into Lake Hu-
ron. It is therefore necessary for our safety that
we should put it in the power of the Executive to
build the floating batteries which may be neces-
sary to defend the straits of Mackinaw and defend
the commerce of Lake Michigan as wi.ll ay the
commerce of the other great lakes.
But, Mr. President, I will not enter into a dis-
cussion now. I hope for oue that the Canadian
government and the Canadian authorities are in
earnest in their determination to prevent in the
future any further hostile or piratical excursions
from those provinces into the United States; but
if they do not prevent them we all know what the
consequence is—it is war. God grant that war
may be averted I I hope and trust it may be, and
willlaborand do all in my power consistent with
the honor of the country to prevent it and to save
the peace of this Government and to save civil-
ization and the world from thegreat slTock which
must follow a war between the United States and
Great Britain; but if the terrible necessity, through
their negligence or smothered hostility or from any
other cause, must come, let it come. We will end
the question whenever it does come by perfect free
trade between Canada and the United States,and
by putting an end to the jurisdiction of Great
Britain in any of these provinces in North Amer-
ica. But, sir, I desire no wai; far from it. I
would do all that can be reasonably done to pre-
vent it,and I believe a can be prevented; but the
wise mode in which to prevent ourselves from
being involved is to be prepaied for any contin-
gencies.
1 hope, sir, that the bill will be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. The question before the Sen-
ate is simply on the reference of this bill. It is a
question of the order of business.
Now, looking at its character, it is plain that
it concerns primarily and essentially our foreign
relations, it is this circumstance that ^ives to
it a peculiar-interest. Jf it merely concerned an
additional levy of troops, or the building of new
forts, or a change in our commercial policy, there
would have been no question with regard to its
reference, nor would the .Senator from Wisconsin
have accompanied it by any teioark* calling atten-
tion to the outrage at St. Albans. 1 assume,
then, that it concerns our foreign relations, and,
therefore, according to the usages of the Senate,
should be referred to the committee having that
subject in charge.
1'his is all that I have to say on the question
of reference; but the Senate will pardon me if 1
glance for one moment at the outrage to which
the Senator referred. Only a few weeks ago the
village of St. Albans, in Vermont, was disturbed
by a baud of mnrdeiers, highwaymen, house-
breakers, horse-thieves, and' Kink-robbers coining
from Canada. After breaking open tin; hanks
and obtaining a certain amount of spoils, attended >
by the murder ofn citizen, they hiicci ded in m<ik- ;
ing their way buck to Canada, wh«-r. they d* Han a j
themselves to be agents of the rehH fvo wrmnent. ;
Such are the main facts Now, Mr. Pn-sule.it, '
does any one suppose that these agents of tiie s
rebel government were moved to their criminal
enterprise merely by considerations of plunder—
that they risked life and everything merely to rob
a bank? Nosuch thing. Theirobject was much
higher and more far-reaching. In one word, it
was to embroil the Government of the United
States with the Government of Great Britain, i
cannot doubt that this was their object. To my
mind it is as plain as noonday.
These agents, or rather the men behind who ;
setthem on, knew the sensitiveness of our people, j
and how naturally they would be aroused against j
the foreign country in which the enteiprise had j
its origin. They saw that excitement, passion,
anger on our part were inevitable; that out of '
these some complication or collision might en-
sue; that any such complication or collision must
necessarily help the rebellion more than a victory
on the field of battle. All this they saw, and
acted accordingly. The whole proceeding was a
trap in which to catch the Government vf our coun-
try. It was hoped that in this way the rebellion
would gain that powerful British intervention
which would help restore its failing fortunes.
For myself, sir, I am determined not to be
caught in any such trap. There are many things
which Great Britain has done since the outbreak
of our rebellion which to my mind are most un-
friendly; but I am unwilling that any thing should
be done on our side to furnish any seeming apol-
ogy for that foreign intervention which has been
so constantly menaced, and which was foreshad-
owed in the most hasty and utterly unjustifiable
concession of ocean belligerency to rebel slave-
mongers who had but a single port or prize-court.
Nobody sees the wrongs we have suffered more
clearly than I do; but i see other wrongs also.
"While never ceasing to claim all our just rights,
and reminding this Power always of duties which
it has plainly neglected, I cannot forget that we
are engaged at this moment in a war for the
suppression ofa long-continued and most virulent
rebellion, which has thus far tasked our best en-
ergies. To this work let us now dedicate our-
selves, without arousing another enemy, through
-whose alliance the rebellion may be encouraged
and strengthened. Let us put down the rebel-
lion. Do this, and we shall do everything.
Meanwhile I trust that the Senate will not be
moved by passion into any hasty action on any of
the measures now before it, but that each will be
considered carefully and calmly on its merits,
according to the usage of this body. This surely
is the dictate of prudence, and 1 cannot doubt that
it is the dictate of patriotism also.
Washington in his farewell address warns
against" the insidious wiles of foreign influence;"
but the " insidious wiles" of our rebels, seeking
to embroil us with foreign Powers, areas deadly
as any influence now brought against us. Fore-
warned is forearmed. Let us be steadfast against
them,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts alludes to only one of the troubles we
have had on the border, and that the least signif-
icant. He alludes to the march of certain ma-
rauders into Vermont, and the captuie of banks
and the destruction of property there. He prob-
ably has forgotten for the moment a much more
serious affair that took place almost within my
own sight. 1 happened to be at Toledo at the
time of the capture of the Philo Parsons and the
Bay City. Senators will remember that an armed
band entered on one of our vessels engaged in a
peaceful commerce between thecity of Detroitand
the city of Sandusky, their ai ms concealed, pat tly
on their bodies and .paulyin boxes, and when
they had got upon the vessel, and the vessel in its
usual couise had gone into Ameiican waters, the
arms suddenly appeared, the vessel was seized,
was manned, and became at once a vessel of war
under the confederate flag. Thus, in the course
of a fow hours, the confederate flag floated almost
within sight of three respectable cniesof the State
of Ohio.
Another vessd, the Bay City, also engaged in
peaceful commerce, w;«s seized on the same day;
and these two vess( Is lay off the haibor of San-
dusky, within ten miles of wheie three thousand
i ebel office is wei e held us pi isoners of war. They
were onlygutuded by the solitary vessel of war
of the United States upon the lakes, the steamer
Michigan; and it was a part of the plan of the
raiders, marauders, or confederates to seize the
steamer Michigan. They had made their arrange-
ments with persons in the city of Sandusky and
scattered along the lakes to seize that, the only
vessel of war on the lakes. If they had accom-
plished thHr object they might have laid under
tribute Detroit, Toledo, Sandusky, and Cleveland
in twenty-four houis; they might have destroyed
a commerce equal at this moment to our entire
commerce on the ocean.
i desire the Senator when he considers this sub-
ject to remembei another fact, that when, for some
reason not yet disclosed, this plot failed, and these
marauders went back into Canada from whence
they came, the authorities there shielded them and
discharged them from even an ordinary arrest,
and they go this day equipped in Canada, and
will be received almost any wheie m Canada with
plaudits, while our citizens are watched with jeal-
ousy and suspicion.
Is it to be wondered at that the people of the
border, when these things have occurred in their
midst, should feel anxiety and care? Why, sir,
if this plot had succeeded, property to an untold
amount would have been destroyed; they might
have seized vessel upon vessel. Hundreds of ves-
sels were floating between Buffalo and Detroit at
i that very time; and ifdiey had succeeded in their
plot so far as to capture the steamer Michigan
they might have seized fifty or one hundred ves-
sels upon the lakes, and we should "have been
entirely powerless. There is not an armed vessel
on Lake. Erie except this steamer Michigan;
there is not a gun or a fort or any means of de-
fense along that whole border; and when our
Canadian neighbors will thus harbor pirates and
desperadoes who seize our vessels in peaceful
commerce, trading at their own ports, is it to be
wondered at that we on the border should feel the
deepest interest in this question ?
For ten years our citizens have believed that
they have been robbed by what is called the " re-
ciprocity treaty." They know that lands in Can-
ada have more than doubled in "value under the
operation of the reciprocity treaty. They know
that under the peculiar provisions of that treaty
the bargain is all on one side. But, as long as we
were at peace, we did not ea re for that. The reci-
procity treaty tended to develop our neighbor,
tended to bring large colonies into Canada; we
had no objection to it. i myself never moved in
the matter,although 1 saw that the effect of that
reciprocity treaty was all on one side. But when
we find that these people who have been fed by
our commerce, who have made money by our
trade, will protect these pirates floating upon
our common boundaries, then a different feeling
springs up,and.the people alon^ the border will
maintain and defend themselves.
1 must express my sincere relict that the order
of General Dix, which was in th? wiy language
of Mr. Phillimore, one of the best wi iters on in-
ternational law, and an English wi iter, should
have been revoked. 1 believe that the spit it of
the order of General Dix is the only way in which
we can meet these marauders; and now it is rather
the fear of war—I will not say the fear of war,
bei ause no proud nation is influenced by that, but
it is the fear of the consequences of war and the
consequences of pressing this policy in Canada
any further than will probably induce the Cana-
dian authorities to icspeet our lights as a nation,
and probably to punish and prevent like instances
in the future. But until they show some such
spirit, I think that our Government ought to as-
i snme and exorcise all the nghts which,under the
laws of nations, we have, to pursue pirates and
robbers into any countiy that harbors them,
whether it may be the kingdom of GieatBiitam
or any other country.
I desire also to call the attention of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to a very significant article here before me,
which probably he read two or three years a£;o,
but which may have escaped his recollection.
When there was some fear that we should be in-
volved m difficulty with Great Britain on account
of the Trent affair, the honoiable Senator will
remember that an article appeared in the London
Times of the date of Januaiy7, 38G~, which was
semi-official in its charactcr, showin^the advant-
ages that Great Britain would have over us in the
event of a collision, and among the rest referred
to the treaty and anangement that are now about
to be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. By the treaty of 1815, it was agreed that
the two Powers, Great Britain and the United
States, should dismantle their fleets upon the lakes
and their forts, and subsequently, by an arrange-
ment made in 1817, not in the form of a treaty, and
which was never ratified by the Senate, so far as I
can find, astipulation was made as to the amount
of force which should bo kept upon the lakes.
Under that arrangement we have gone on, we
have no vessels of war on the lakes; but on the other
hand, while Great Britain has nominally kept this
I treaty intact, she has substantially enabled herself,
| by building canals around the falls, to throw upon
I the lakes within thirty days fifty or a hundred men-
! of-war; and in thissignilicantarticle 1 have before
me, it is ailuded to that Great Britain can, in case
ofa conflict with the United States, throw her gun-
boats from the riverThames right on to the upper
lakes, and in thirty days make a more complete
blockade of all our ports on the lakes than even now
we maintain on the southern coast, and destroy
our cities. This article is very significant. It
speaks of the power of Canada to build rapidly
vessels of war on the lakes, and also of our power
to build rapidly vessels on the lakes, but very
properly says that we have no means of throwing
