1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
but it was thought they might be built up on the
sides twenty-two inches higher,and then be able,
■ not to navigate the ocean, but to creep from har-
bor to harbor and be of some service in harbor
defense.
Mr. HALE. What were they built up with?
Mr. WADE. Built up with wood and faced
with iron, the same as the original sides were built.
I have seen them; I have been on board one of
them that was very nearly finished and built up.
As I said before, thereseerrts toSbe a diversity of
opinion as to1 the useffllrttSlis of these monitors in
their repaired state. When'built up twenty-two
inches, some of tire witnesses think they will be
most excellent boats, and will do good service for
harbor defense. Others think that they are too light
to be of any essential service for that, and really
do not think they will be good for anything. I
am not competent to judgeof that question. I do
not know how it will come out, but I hope, con-
sidering the vast amount of money they have cost
the Government, that they will be of some use.
Take, for instance, the one which I was on board
of, the Chimo, built in Boston. There the cost of
making this change, building up her sides twenty-
two inches, was $90,000 more than the original
contract price, which, I believe, #vas $375,000.
Adding to that $90,000 for building up these sides,
and $50,000 more for other repairs, and you will
see how expensive these vessels are; and they
have cost millions of dollars more in this repaired
state than the original contract price. I have not
made an exact estimate of the amount. The cost
to be added m consequence of this change depends
somewhat upon the state and condition the ship
was in when it was ascertained that the original
draft was a failure. If they were nearly finished,
as the one of which I spoke was, the cost would
be more than if it was otherwise. In that case it
was $90,000, but in other cases the cost of the
change is not so great, because they have not got
to take so much of the ship away. It is a good
deal of woik to prepare the ship for this repair,
when it is nearly finished. I do not know that
any of them will cost less than $50,000 to build
them up, and many will cost considerably more
than that.
| I make these observations in regard to these
■" ships in order to illustrate the necessity of having
a board that are competent to decide these mat-
ters and who will take a lively interest in thorn.
1 want the board to be men who have to navigate
the vessels, high officers, who will have to stake
their lives finally upon the success of the ships
they order to be built; captains, commodores,ad-
mirals, practical men, who know all about that
which they are doing, and who have really g®t
to test the experiment they make,and test it, too,
at the hazard of their lives. If this old board
that sat here from year to year had to sail in these
ships I do not think they would show the same
indifference that they do now. We want live men,
who can follow a new fashion if the Government
is determined on a new fashion. Whether we
have improved or not improvedfold things in the
Navy have passed away, and behold all things
are new, and these old men,*undoubtedly well
skilled in the old manner of building ships, com-
petent for that business, are perfectly inapplica-
ble to the changed state of things, and it is mad-
ness for us, in building up a great and expensive
Navy, as we are doing, to leave these improved
vessels, to be built on modern models and accord-
ing to modern experience and theories, to the fate
to which they will be subjected if they are com-
mitted to the hands of men prejudiced, unskilled
perhaps in this new condition of things, not be-
lieving in it. They believe we threw away the
money when we directed these ships to be built.
Believing that, they do nothing by which we can
succeed with them.
I hope we shall adopt this amendment, which
I think will give us some additional guarantees
that these great expenditures of money fora Navy
will be carried out to a better purpose than they
have heretofore been or probably will be as they
now stand.
I trust I shall not be charged with making any
- attack on the Navy or on the Navy Department.
I am compelled by a sense of duty to endeavor to
have a reform in this particular. I believe that
the condition of your Navy requires it. I believe
so on the information I have derived from taking
the testimony of the best men wo have in the
Navy, and if I did not mention it here to the Sen-
ate, I should be guilty of the same culpable neg-
ligence that I am charging on this old board. I
now leave the matter with the Senate, hopingthat
they will either adopt this amendment or by their
wisdom devise some other way which they think
will be better adapted to the purpose, for I am
not wedded to this. If any one can get up any-
thing better, I will agree to that, and shall beglad
to have it done. To me this seems feasible and
proper, and I think it will be a great benefit to
our Navy if it is adopted.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose to move that the
Senate go into executive session for a short time,
to allow me to make a report; but before doing so
I desire to send to the Chair some amendments
to the Army appropriation bill, which will be up
to-morrow, in order to have them printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order to
print will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we go into executive ses-
sion I know that an adjournment will follow. I
am opposed to it.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator want to fin-
ish this bill to-night?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have this bill and the
Army appropriation bill, and we have to-day and
to-morrow to pass them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to have an ex-
ecutive session in order to move a reconsidera-
tion of a vote of the Senate confirming a nomina-
tion, and I understand that according to the rules
the motion must be made to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; at the next executive
session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I do not under-
stand the rule.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator's motion to re-
consider will be in order whenever we go into
executive session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my colleague will
not press this amendment. I will not discuss the
merits of it; I know nothing about them. The
habit of attempting on the appropriation bills to
legislate on important matters of this kind with-
out the report of a committee is wrong and ought
not to be tolerated.
This amendment does not come from the Na-
val Committee, nor does it come from the Com-
mittee on Finance having charge of this bill. I
hope, therefore, that without entering into a gen-
eral discussion of the merits of the proposition,
it may be left to stand by itself. A proposition
to reorganize the Navy Department, to make such
radical changes as are proposed by this amend-
ment, certainly ought not to be added as an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill. The habit of Sen-
ators offering independent propositions of legisla-
tion, and hitching them on to the appropriation
bills which must be passed, thus creating a contro-
versy between the two Houses, at this period of the-
session, in my judgment, will endanger the passage
of the appropriation bills. I hope, therefore, that
without entering into a discussion of the merits
of the proposition of my colleague, it will be left
to stand as a separate measure. He has the power
to introduce a bill reorganizing the Navy Depart-
ment, and have it taken up and discussed as an
independent measure. To attach it to this appro-
priation bill would lead to a long discussion, car-
rying the controversy back to the other House,
where the same proposition was discussed for two
or three days and voted down; arid to renew the
discussion now, it seems to me, would be unwise
at this stage of the session. I shall therefore vote
against the amendment without going into the
merits of the proposition.
Mr. WADE. I hope that the Senate will vote
on this question with no such view. 1 have no
fear about the passage of the appropriation bills.
I have been here a great many years, and I never
knew an appropriation bill to fail which it was
not intended should fail. I knew one appropria-
tion bill to fail, but it was when we were almost
in a state of rebellion here; when we had the chief
' conspirators of the present rebellion here, who
! intended to make that bill fail, and they succeeded.
That is the only appropriation bill I ever knew
to fail. . -
In my judgment, there is ample time before we
adjourn to do everything that .ought to be done
for the Government, and in my opinion there ra
nothing more essential than that which I have
now offered as an amendment to this bill. There
is no danger that it will endanger the appropria-
tion bill. It may postpone its passage for a very
short time; but if the Senate, on full considera-
tion, shall reject it, they will pass the original
bill, and there Will be scarcely anything to dispute-
about. If they adopt it, it will go back to the
House of Representatives; and, my word for it,
if it goes there again the House will adopt it; but
if they should reject it, there will be the end ofit.
It is not going to endanger the bill at any rate.
If I am right in what! have endeavored to im-
press upon the Senate,itis of the first importance
that something of this kind should be done. It
ought to accompany the appropriation bill. Be-
fore you make any other great appropriations for
your Navy you ought to have some safeguard
that the money will be laid out to the advantage
of the public. Here is the very place for it, on
this Navy bill where you are making these enor-
mous appropriations. I want to know that the
money will be expended carefully by men of skill,
and not be wasted. Sir, what is a day here in
the Senate compared to wasting $20,000,000 or
$10,000,000 on vessels which turn out to be good
for nothing? I say to my colleague that he is not
subserving the best interests of the country when
he is so eager to press the appropriation bills to a
conclusion that he will go against and repudiate
wholesome amendments. If there was any danger
of losing this bill, I would go with my colleague;
I would sacrifice everything rather than that the
appropriation bills should not pass; but they will
not be endangered by this amendment; they cer-
tainly will pass. Their own weight will carry
them, not, like the monitors, to the bottom, but
through both branches of Congress. There is no
doubt about that. I hope the Senate will not be
biased in voting upon this subject by the con-
sideration that the amendment will endanger the
passage of the bill, for it will have no such effect.
Mr. HENDRICKS, it seems to me a little
strange that a proposition of this sortshould come
before the Senate without any reference to the
Naval Committee. I concede the wisdom, the
statesmanship, the investigation that the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war brings to the
examination of every question; and I have felt
the power of that committee in putting command-
ers down and putting commanders up. I think
the whole country has felt that. Whether its ac-
tion has been right or not in some cases, 1 do not
choose to discuss; but I believe this is the first
time that a measure has been based upon the
investigations of that committee touching the
mechanism appertaining to the Navy, without
allowing the matter to go to the appropriate com-
mittee, where the questions of fact can be inves-
tigated so that the Senate may,act upon a report
coming from a committee that is accustomed to
the investigation of questions of this sort. The
Senate is asked to rely upon testimony which
shall condemn an important Department of the
Government, and that.testimony is yet in short-
hand, and taken simply in regard to one class of
vessels.
I could say to that Senator—but I am sure no
Senator would vote upon a statement of that sort,
and with great respect to the Senator I shall not
give my vote upon testimony that is only known
to that committee—1 could say to that Senator
that the fact was communicated to the Naval
Committee yesterday that the vessels which he
has condemned are of great value, and not by men
that have an interest in it, not. by men that have
constructed them, but by the highest architects
of the country who had no connection with their
construction. _ _
Mr. WADE. The Senator means in their im-
proved condition. He does not contend that the
original build of them was not a failure.
Mir. HENDRICKS. I do not contend any
way about it. I refer to this to show the conflict
of testimony on the point that the Senator has
brought up.
Now, what does the Senator ask ? The Senator
asks to reorganize the Navy Department to a very
large extent, to take these questions that now
