60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
have great pleasure in calling the attention of the
Senator to thepassage and section on this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts pardon* me for asking if General Hal-
tack cites any authority for the opinion ?
Mr. SUMNER, I think he does not; I think
he goes into n criticism of the English authority,
Mr. JOHNSON. He is clearly wrong.
IVlr. SUMNER. As I say, I do not wish now
to be drawn into any opinion on the question; I
merely call attention to the difference of opinion
among important authorities, and I show that
while the Englishman would seem to sustain Gen-
eral Dix, the American authority docs not sus-
tain him; that is all.
There is one other topic to which the Senator
from Ohio referred, and that is the naval forces
on the lakes. He is aware that the " arrange-
ment" on that subject is anomalous, abnoimal
in its character; that it does not appear to have
ever received the sanction of the Senate; that in
the statute-book it is only printed in small type;
it is a small type arrangement; that it does seem
to have been proclaimed at the time by the Pres-
ident; but the origin, and history, and character
of that arrangement are still subjects of doubt..
It was on this account that only the other day
I introduced a resolution into the Senate calling
for all information on the files of the Department
of State with reference to that anomalous paper,
as it may be characterized. "When that infoima-
tion is received, the Senate will then have the
proper information to proceed, as they should, to
annul it. 1 have no doubt that they will act
promptly as soon as ever they are in a condition
to act at all.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one subject that has
been introduced into this debate to which 1 de-
sire to direct the special attention of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations when this question shall
be referred to them, and that is as to the truth of
the allegations set forth in the editotial of the
London Times. In the language which has been
quoted by the Senator from Ohio, the article says:
" But it is equally coi tain that they [the United Prates] can-
not possibly budd Heam friyates and corvette-, on L.ikr^
Erie and Ontario as last as we can send them up through
the canals we have mentioned, ready built, maimed, and
equipped."
Now, I assert that Great Britain has not got a
corveltc, or a sloop, or any stenm vessel of war
that has the capacity to go through the canals
into the upper lakes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Iowa
"Will allow me to read an extract from that same
editorial he will find that it gives information on
that very point. It speaks of the Welland canal
connecting Lakes Erie and Ontario, which is the
smallest of the canals, and says of it:
" The length of this canal is about thirty-five miles, and
it pastes euuidy through British teiruoiy. The JoeU-jjates
on this are capable of passing vos-sols of ono bundled and
forty-two feet long, twenty-six feet beam, and ten feet
dianght—an ample accommodation for the heavy-aimed
six-gun so«w dispatch gunboat vessels like tb« Flving
Fish, or even for the heavy-aimed eleven-gun <Ioo;w of
the class to which the Uapui, Petiel, and Kosario belong."
Thus the writer gives the size of the locks of
the canal and designates the class of vessels that
can pass through those locks, and quite a num-
ber of vessels are named as those that could go
through into the upper lakes.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the writer goes on and
speaks about the capacity of the British to send
through frigatesand corvettes. Everybody knows
that they cannot send those through; and every-
body who is familiar with the Bi itish navy knows
that the class of gunboats they built during the
Crimean war and which had capacity logo through
these canals, have now been entirely broken up
and destroyed. I remember having had my at-
tention called to this matter when the project of
building a ship canal from the Atlantic to the
Mississippi was under consideration, and it was
urged m the section of the country in which i re-
side that it was necessary that we should expend
millions of dollars to build a ship canal in order
that we mi<rhr have in thata counterpoise for the
power which Great Britain had in her canals; and
my attention having been thus directed to it, 1
satisfied my own mind that Great Britain had not
the power to molest us in this way.
The ti ur mode, Mr. President, to defend our-
selves on the northern frontier and on the lakes
is to have arsenals and armories there. On the
lakes we have ten tons of shipping where the
British have one; we own nearly all the steam-
boats that ply there, and we shall continue to
own them so long as we maintain our present navi-
gation laws, giving to our own people the power
to transport the traffic of that country. All you
want, whenever difficulties shall occur between us
and Great Britain, is to have armaments which you
can immediately throw on bouid these vessels.
Take possession of the mouth of the Welland
canal, and what power will the British have?
Where the necessity, therefore,of deciding in ad-
vance that we must go and build fortifications at
the mouth of every river, or near every harbor on
the whole upper lakes?
Mr. President, the true way to settle this whole
thing is to repeal the reciprocity,treaty. Great
Britain is not going to fight for Canada. Canada
was an apple ripe and ready to drop into our
hands when the icciprocity treaty was agreed to.
It was consummated through the instrumentality
of the men who are now in rebellion against this
Government, with a little aid that was furnished
to them by the people of the North. Repeal the
reciprocity treaty and you will find that in less
than twenty-four months the people of the Cana-
das and of the British provinces generally to the
north and noithcast of us will be clamorous to
comeback to us. I trust that the Committee on
Foreign Relations will direct their attention spe-
cially to that branch of the subject that is com-
mitted to them.
Mr. SUMNER. The committee meet to-mor-
row expressly to consider that.
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad to hear it, and I
hope we shall have speedy action on that matter.
Sir, the newspapers tell us that there is a panic
in Canada. I have no doubt of it. It does not
proceed from any fear that they have of war; it
proceeds from the fear that they have of their
pockets. The moment you repeal the reciprocity
tieaty, (hat moment the stock of every railroad
in all Canada will become utterly worthless; every
man of w( alth and means there will become bank-
rupt. It is caused by the fear they have of the
repeal of that treaty which gives them the carry-
ing trade of the produce fiom the West, and gives
them the power to compete with us in the eastern
markets^ which is very much to our injury.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, before this prop-
osition goes to any committee, I want to avail
myself of the occasion to make two, possibly
three remarks, if I do not forget the third.
The first is that I am glad at hist to see attention
called, for some reason or by any means, to the
defenseless condition of our northern lakes. It
is said that there is a panic in Canada I hope
there is no panic here to preventour considering
the subject coolly and calmly, and with a tolera-
ble share of wisdom. When the first fortifica-
tion bill that ever I heard considered in the Sen-
ate was under consideration here, m the winter
of 3862, I then took occasion to call the attention
of the Senate to the very condition of things
which we hear spoken of to-day, and I then
called the attention of the Senate to the veiy ar-
ticle which the Senator fiom Ohio has read this
morning. It seemed to be then the general opin-
ion of the Senate and of the country that the
Northwest was all oak, and could stand alone,
and thcrefoi e no provision whatever was made for
our protection or our defense. It seems to be now
admitted that a hostile fleet thrown in on those
laics could operate disastrously on other portions
of the country than the Northwest itself; and it
is of national importance, it seems to be conceded
this morning, that there should be some protec-
tion to that section of thecountry. That is all I
have to say upon that head.
The next suggestion I want to make is by way
of reminder to the Senate that for the last two
years you have had almost the whole country
here knocking at the doors of the Legislature and
begging you to make an appropriation (and I be-
lieve they have never asked for more than one
third of the appropriation which is contemplated
by this bill) j  order to provide an avenue thiough
which you can throw gunboats from the Hudson
river into the lakes as readily and asprompdy as
they can be thrown by way of the St. Lawrence
eann.lt*. Those calls have not been heeded. My
deliberate judgment is that, that is the cheapest
mode of defending the northern lakes and the
countries adjacent thereto. When you have such
an avenue open, you will not have to keep use-
less fortifications or useless fleets there.
The third remark I wish to make is that I do
not believe with the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] that the repeal of the reciprocity treaty
will afford ample protection either to the States
adjacent to the gieat lake?} or to any other portion
of the country. If it is to be conceded that the
repeal of the reciprocity treaty must be had, if
that is a foicgoneconclusion, which I shall regret
very much to knowas a ningle individual, I trust
no one will be persuaded either by the Senator
from Iowa, or in anyotherway, to rest with the
repeal of that treaty. I tlunk other measures will
be just as necessary for our protection after that
is repealed as before. The repeal of a treaty
which it is said has proved beneficial to these
provinces, our neighbors, I do not think will make
them any more friendly to us. If I believed that
that treaty was more beneficial to them than to us
I should say that of itself was a good reason for
the lcpcal of the treaty; but the repeal of the
treaty is no reason why these other measures of
defense should not be prosecuted.
Mr. HALE. I iise,Mr. President, to say a
word in regard to a matter which has incident-
ally been brought in. I entirely agree with the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. IIotye] in regard
to the reciprocity treaty, and I wish to make one
or two suggestions to the Senate on that subject.
I think that at the last session an attempt was
made very persevet ingly, and I may say obsti-
nately, to repeal the fishing bounties. It was re-
sisted in this body, and successfully resisted, on
the ground that those bounties were necessary in
order to encourage the fisheries as a school for
seamen. Now, s«r, the reciprocity treaty en-
courages the fisheries of our northeastern States
ten times what all your fishing bounties do, and
I hope that the representatives in the Senate from
those States will see what it is before they con-
sent to its repeal. The very fit st article in the
treaty, and one of the most important, is in these
words:
"It is agreed by the lugh contiactimr parties that, in ad-
dition to the Iibci ties seuued to the Untied St.ues fisher-
men by the ;ihove-inentioned convention ot October 20,
1818, of taking, ouimg, and dising fish on certain coasts of
the i>iitish Nmth Atneucan colonies tin'ie.n defined, the
inhabitant- <>i the United Ht.ife? shall have, m common
with t he subjects of hei ttiitamne Majesty. thehbeity to take
fi-di of evciy kind, c\cepfc-hel!-fi-h. on the ^e.t-coaMc and
shoie«, and "hi i lie hajs, haihor>, and creek--o! Canada, New
Bruns wk k, Nova Scotia, Prince Ed waid'< Island, and ot the
several i-dand-5 theicunto adjacent, without being le^tiicted
to any distance fiom the shore, with peimission to land
upon the ( oaMs and sboics of tho^e colonies and the inlands
thereol, and aho upon the Magdalen Inlands, for the pur-
pose ot di v ing their nets and cuung their fish."
This is one of the most important privil
ever secured to the fishing interest of this count! y,
and the Senator from Maine before me [Mr. Far-
well] knows it as well as I do. I was recently
tn the office of the American consul at Halifax,
and I think I speak within bounds when I say
that of the American captains who called there
for the purpose of exhibiting their manifests and
making their entiles, more than nineteen twen-
tieths of all the commerce that was thus officially
reqistered at the cilice of the American consul at
Halifax consisted of fish. J t is a very important
item, and it was an item that was placed fiist in
consideration m the treaty.
Again, sir, another provision should be borne
in mind in view of the present high price of coal,
which is an article of prime necessity for the peo-
ple of this country, and especially for the poor
people. Thatarticle, under this treaty, comes into
the United States fieeof duty; and anybody who
is acquainted with the necessity that humanity
itself demand* in the matter of fuel in the cities
and on the northeastern coast will be slow, I think,
before consenting to repeal a treaty which has so
beneficent a provision m it as that which allows
coal to come in free of duty. This treaty gives
us coal, and gives our fishermen a privilege which
they never had before, and 1 should look upon it
as one of the most unwise measures this nation
could possibly adopt, if wc were to repeal the
reciprocity treaty for the purpose of inflicting
any injury upon the British colonics. The fact is
we shall injure ouiselves ten times more than we
shall the inhabitants of those provinces by repeal-
ing the reciprocity treaty. I hope that whatever
else we may do, we shall not,m any fancied feel-
ing of wrong that we have suffered at the hands
