1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
82?
of Congress, it seems to me that it is as well to
bring the questions involved in these cases before
the House and have them settled in that way as
in any other. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to bring
them before the House at that time, unless the
business now specially before the House from
the Committee of Ways and Means, the tax bill,
be so far progressed that it is likely to be got
through with, or very nearly, at that time.
I do not desire tb have any struggle with the
Committee of Ways and Means for the floor, but
I wish they would recognize the fact that this
important business is pressing upon us for con-
sideration and ought to have the ear of the House
for a bYief time. My own course in reference to
these matters I intend to be such as to consume
very little of the time of the House. I desire to
get a vote of the House upon them, and then my
responsibility in the matter shall end, whatever
the House may decide. But I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will make no arrange-
ments that will prevent the bringing of that busi-
ness before the House. I am willing to come
here either at eleven o'clock or seven o'clock,
and stay here until one o'clock at night, and then
if the House see fit to fine me for absence after
that hour, 1 will submit. But I do think I have
a right to the ear of the House long enough to
dispose of these questions. I have not been
troublesome in bringing them before the House,
and I would suggest to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] that he ought to be willing
to let me have the day after the morning hour of
to-morrow. If the other measures which have
a relation to these election cases were likely to
be acted upon now by both branches of Congress,
I should be, as I have been all along, anxious to
have that action precede the consideration of these
subjects.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to al-
low us first to complete the consideration of the
tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. If I could have Monday after
the morning hour, that will be satisfactory to me.
I am obliged to ask after to-morrow to be excused
for the evening of Saturday.
Mr. MORRILL. I would suggest to my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Stevens,] that as the arrangement he pro-
poses for meeting at an early hour cannot take
effect to-day he will so frame it that it will take
effect after this evening, so that we may have this
evening, which will probably enable us to get
through the tax bill to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow me
to postpone the special order, the reconstruction
bill and the election cases, until immediately after
the morning hour of Monday next, I will acqui-
esce.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
for the arrangement I suggest, to meet at eleven
o'clock a. m., and sit until five o'clock p. m.,and
dispense with evening sessions until the House
shall otherwise order.
The SPEAKER. To take effect to-day or to-
morrow ?
Mr. STEVENS. Itcannottake effect to-day.
To take effect from and after to-morrow.
No objection being made, the suggestion of Mr.
Stevens was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask the House to post-
pone the reconstruction bill and election cases
until Monday next, immediately after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is that motion in
order ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I object.
Mr. ALLEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to submit a proposition in regard to the busi-
ness of the Military Committee?
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield a few moments for
that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to state to the
House that a large number of reports are ready
to be made from the Military Committee. Be-
sides those reports there are the amendments to
the enrollment law, reported and yet to be re-
ported, and which have already been made the
special order for the 2d day of February instant,
not yet being reached; ana I wish to state to the
House that beside the amendments to the law
relating to the draft, now being postponed only
from day to day, including provisions for requir-
ing that men shall be credited to the particular
localities in which they live, and some other im-
portant considerations connected with the amend-
ment of that law, in addition to those matters
we have to bring before the House matters which
relate to the pay and allowances of officers, the
reorganization of the commissary department,
and several other questions of general interest to
the country; and 1 see no prospect that the Mili-
tary Committee will be called upon at all under
the present arrangement. I propose to the House
to fix next Monday, or some other day not too
far distant, when they will permit the Committee
on Military Affairs to make reports and bring
subjects for consideration before this House.
A Member. Talte Saturday.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; say Saturday;
that will suit me.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] withdraws his objection to my
motion to postpone the reconstruction bill until
Monday next immediately after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
permission asked for by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] will be given; not only be given
for the day he has named, but 1 hope special days
will be assigned to other committees. For in-
stance, the Committee on Commerce has a great
deal of business before them which requires atten-
tion, and will call forlegislation, and we shall ask
that one evening shall be assigned to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. I hope there will be noobjec-
tion togranting the requestof the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and then 1 shall make a
requestfor the Committee o* Commerce.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I ask, then, thatSaturday,
after the morning hour, be assigned to the consid-
eration of business from the Committeeon Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to that ar-
rangement, unless the gentleman will add "pro-
vided that the tax bill be then disposed of." I
am not willing that the consideration of that bill
shall be interrupted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that
understanding, provided our committee be al-
lowed the next unoccupied day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] asks that Saturday after the
morning hour shall be exclusively devoted to the
consideration of reports from the Committee on
Military Affairs, and that if the tax bill be not
disposed of prior to that time the Committee on
Military Affairs shall have the next unoccupied
day, after the morning hour.
Mr. SM1THERS. Under that understand-
ing, would only Saturday be devoted to tile con-
sideration of bills from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs?
The SPEAKER. Only Saturday, or one day
afterward not taken up by special orders or ques-
tions of privilege. Is there any objection to this
arrangement? If not, it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I desire unanimous consent
that the reconstruction bill and the election cases
be postponed until Monday next immediately
after the morning hour. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] withdraws his objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent that the re-
construction bill and reports from the Committee
of Elections on questions of privilege may be
postponed until Monday next, after the morning
hour.
Mr. DAWES. Then the reconstruction bill
would be the special order?
The SPEAKER. It would be the special
order. If there be no objection, it will be so or-
dered.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. The reconstruction bill has
heretofore been made the special order from day
to day until disposed of. I suppose that under
this arrangement it will occupy the same position.
The SPEAKER. Being already a special or-
der from day to day unlil disposed of, it will, being
postponed, have the same rights.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask that Thursday, one week from to-day, be set i
apart, after the morning hour, for the consider- I
ation of business from the Committee on Com-
merce. Although this committee have a great
many bills, we think that none of them will ex-
cite any discussion. They are mostly bills to
carry out the laws in regard to smuggling and the
registry of vessels, and in all probability they
will generate no debate. Probably we shall not
consume more than half an hour; and in that case
I am willing that the remainder of the day shall
be given to my friend, the chairman of the CoriJ-
mittee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Wilson.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois asks that Thursday next, after the morning
hour, shall be devoted to the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will not object to that, if
Wednesday of next week can be set apart for
the consideration of reports from the Committee
on the Judiciary. If the present order of the
House should be pursued, the regular call of the
Committee on the Judiciary would be onThurs-
day of next week.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa desire that the Committee on the Judiciary
shall have next Wednesday in lieu of the two
morning hours to which the committee would be
entitled, or beside?
Mr. WILSON. If we can have the whole of
Wednesday after the morning hour, that, I think,
will be sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
asks unanimous consent that Wednesday next,
after the morning hour, may be assigned to the
reports from the Committee on the Judiciary, in
lieu of the two morning hours to which that
committee would be entitled on subsequent days.
If there be no objection it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. ANCONA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent thnt leave of absence be granted to
my colleagues Mr. Stiles and Mr. Strouse,
who are absent on account of illness.
The SPEAKER. ' For the rest of the session ?
Mr. ANCONA. Indefinitely.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that leave of absence be granted to myself
during this evening's session.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
COMMITTEE ON NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent that Friday of next week, after the
morning hour, be set apart for the consideration
of reports from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 object. I think that
there are too many assignments for special days
already.
Mr. STEVENS. If we assign all the days
that are left to us I do not know when we are to
consider the appropriations bills. There are sev-
eral yet to be considered which must be acted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
assignments of special days take precedence of
special orders.
DESTITUTE FREED5IEN.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous con sent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported back
the resolution relating to the destitute condition of
the women and children offreedmen in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and moved that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent that
Monday next, after the morning hour, shall be
set apart for the consideration of territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I object.
REGULAR ORDER.
Mr. ALLEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
