am
TBI GONG-IIESSIOML
February 16,
CLERKSHIPS IN POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT, ETC.
Mr. ALLEY. I move, by unanimous consent,
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
389, relating to clerkships in the Post Office De-
partment, and Senate bill No. 390, relating to
postal laws, for reference to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection; and the bills were sev-
erally taken up,read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
MAIL COMMUNICATION WITS CHINA.
Mr. ALLEY, from tBe Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road$ reported back Senate bill
No. 407, to authorize the establishment of ocean
a mail steamship ser^'ce between the United States
**$ad China, with recommendation that it do
^ Does not that bill contain
an apprfforiajfon ?
The SPm-KER. It is not an appropriation
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that it will be referred
to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ALLEY. I have the floor, and I do not give
way for such a motion.
Mr. Speaker, this is a question of vast import-
ance to the American people, of vital interest to
trade and commerce on the Pacific coast, and of
considerable consequence to the whole world.
This I trust I shall make apparent before the con-
clusion of my remarks.
This bill provides for the establishment of a
line of steamers between California, China, and
Japan, via the Sandwich Islands, to perform mail
service between these several countries. The
Postmaster General is directed to advertise for
proposals at a sum not exceeding $500,000 per
annum, to be given to the lowest bidder. Tins
proposition has for its object not only increased
mail facilities between our country and those I
have mentioned, but another and greater pur-
pose, to secure great commercial advantages by
means of this direct and speedy communication
between the western confines of our Republic and
those oriental nations which have poured so lav-
ishly into the lap of Europe the wealth of their
products. With a line of steamers running weekly
between those countries and San Francisco, and
the Pacific railroad completed, we can direct and
control in great degree the commerce of the world.
This I trust and believe we shall see accomplished
before many years. That will bring New York
and China within twenty-six or twenty-seven
days of each other, and London and China, via
New York, inside of forty days of each other, as
against over fifty now, between England and
China. "With our overland mails, as we have
it now, and the line of steamers which this bill
proposes established, New York would be some
twelve or fifteen days nearer Hong Kong than
London. We can then bring London nearer the
East Indies than it is now by several days by this
project. When the Pacific railroad is completed
what will be the effect? It will not only be to give
us vast control over the commerce of the globe,
but will make the cfty of New York the greatest
commercial city of the world. Then New York
will be what London is now—the great settling
point, where the exchanges of the whole world
are adjusted.
It seems passing strange to me that our national
legislators bestow so little thought and attention
upon these gieat commercial questions which
affect so vitally all the material interests of the
country. Had we but a little of the sagacity
of some other nations in developing all our re-
sources, upon the ocean as well as the land, we
should startle all Christendom with the magni-
tude of our achievements.
Let us glance for a moment at the sagacity and
foresight of England and France in encouraging,
protecting, and subsidizing ocean steam naviga-
tion. Great Britain early saw that the power and
wealth of nations m this age were to be seriously
affected through the agency of steam. She saw
with prophetic eye that unless she availed herself
of all the advantages to be denved from this new
power her great commercial rival, the United
 SfHfes, would soon outstrip her in the profitable
navigation of tin; ocean. The policy of England
in encouraging by subsidies ocean steam naviga-
tion has extended her commerce and enriched
her people to an extent that has astonished all
the nations of the earth. The development of
markets for her produce and manufactures by
means of steam navigation has increased her
power and added to her resources to an incalcu-
lable extent.
As early as 1837 Great Britain commenced the
system of the mail steam packet service, which,
then inaugurated, she has since pursued with
sleepless vigilance and constantly-increasing de-
velopment. In a memorial to Congress of last
year of the New York Chamber of Commerce,
which also contains a very able report of a com-
mittee of that board, are statistics and statements
in reference to the British, French, and United
States systems of steam navigation, which, so
far as I have examined, I find entirely accurate,
and which I will here give for the information of
those gentlemen who may not have examined
critically the memorial:
"The passages of the Sirius and GreatWestern in 1838,
from Liveipool to New York, having plainly demonstrated
the practicability of ocean steam navigation, the British
Government at once undertook to explore the new field
thus opened to her industry and enterprise.
" In the following year, 1839, a contract was made with
Mr. Cunard to convey the mails from Liverpool via Halifax
to Boston, in live steamers of the first class, for the sum of
£*85,000 or $425,000 per annum. It was stipulated that these
vessels should be capable of conversion into ships-of-war
and of carrying ordnance of the heaviest kind. This line
of steamers, famous as the * Cunard line,' was immedi-
ately established, and the result ot the experiment was so
favorable that the Government was in 1846, induced to en-
large the contract of 1839 by adding four ships to run from
Liverpool to New York, and to increase the compensation
to £145,000 or ^7^5,000 per annum for the total service.
These last vessels commenced their trips in 1848. In 1845
the Government entered into a contract with the Peninsular
and Oriental Steam Navigation Company for the employ-
ment of seven steamers at £160,000 to run from Southamp-
ton, via Gibraltarand Malta, to Alexandria, in Egypt, thence
to send the m.iiH overland to Suez, again thence by steamer
to Singapore and Hong Kong, touching at Aden and Point
de Galle, Ceylon, with a branch line from Point de Galle
to Calcutta, touching at Madras. In the year 1840 a con-
tract was made by the Admiralty with the Royal Mail Steam
Packet Company at £240,000 or $1,200,000 per annum for
fourteen steamers to carry the mails from Southampton to
the West IiraWS, the ports of Mexico on the Gulf, and to
New Orleans, Mobile, Savannah, and Charleston, to make
twenty-four voyages or forty-eight trips a year, leaving
Southampton semi-monthly.
" In consequence of some disasters during the firstyears,
the YVe<=t India line was relieved from touching at the ports
of the United States, but in 1847 required to resume its trips
to New Orleans and any others, as otdered.
il This company received a contract in 1850 of £270,000
per annum to carry the mails twice a month to the West
Indies, and in 1851 a further contract of £25,000 to carry
the mails once in each month to Brazil and the river Plate.
"The conditions of the contract required that the pas-
sages should be made in the following ume:
Days. Hours.
To St. Thomas, in 14 12
To Colon, in 19 15
To Rio, in ..26 6
Fromitio.in 25 5
To Buenos Ayres,in 35 12
From Buenos Ayres, in  3Q 21
" From St. Thomas ten different radiating lines to Mex-
ico, Central America, the Spanish Mam, and the various
West India islands, keep up a constant communication.
" These three lines employed in 1818 eighty-seven steam-
ers, and for the home service tvventy-eigiit smaller steam-
ers, in all one hundied and fifteen steamships.
" in 1846 the Government made a contract with the Pa-
cific Steam Navigation Company for a line from Valparaiso
to Panama, touching nt intermediate points, and making an
overland connection with the West India line. A series
of contracts were also entered into connecting the import-
ant commercial towns with the continent.
Jn 1852 the Peninsular and Oriental Company and the
Royai West fndia Mail Company alone employed fifty-
three steamers, of which thirty were wooden vessels and
twenty-three iron; of these sixteen run from Southampton
to foreign ports, and twenty-three were peimanently em-
ployed abroad. In 1854 Mr. Cunard received a contract to
carry the mails from Halifax to Bermuda and St. Thomas,
for £14,700.
"In 1857 the African Steamship Company took a con
tract of £33,000 to take the mails once a month to the Cape
of Good Hope, and in 1858 to the west coast of Africa once
a month, touching at Madeira, Tenenffe, Sierra Leone,
and other intermediate points."
Nearly all the contracts to which allusion has
here been made were made for a long period of time;
and when application was made for renewal in
most instances it was granted, and generally a long
time before the expiration of the previous contract.
In many cases an additional subsidy wasgranted
when the interests of the country required and
the continuance of the service imperatively de-
manded it. The British Government never hes-
itated to grantadditional aid and extension of the
system when it was made clearly to appear that
it would develop new maikets for their manu-
facturing products arid commercial interests, al-
though it has kept steadily in view the purpose
to make it self-sustaining whenever possible.
Such is their system of steam mail communica-
tion, so extended and profitable that an increase
of existing service is contemplated on the China
coast. But for the recent hostilities a line of
steamships would probably ere this have been in
progress of completion to run from China to Japan,
and also to connect;Brazil with Australia over the
South Pacific occan, and from Panama to British
Columbia. May we not learn a lesson of wis-
dom from the example and experience of this ever-
vigilant and powerful nation ? t
Again I quote from the memorial to which I
have before alluded, in relation to the action of
France:
"The French system of steam navigation-is somewhat
different from that of England. Under the reign of Nnpo-
l«un III, France has again begun to develop her marine
resources, and to recover something of the maritime power
and colonial extension which she enjoyed until it was al-
most destroyed by the treaty of peace of 1815.
"To encourage the development of commerce, the Gov-
ernment pays enormous subsidies to the great linos which
have been established to South America and the East.
France, at least, does not intend to leave the control of the
seas in the hands of one Power, and she has been gradually
seizing such important points a« had escaped the attention
of Great Britain, or she has made points, unimportant in
themselves, and at great labor and expense, secure porta
of refuge to her commcrce and of control over the great
highways of the world. In the Mediterranean, Algeria off-
sets Malta. In the Pacific, Otaheite, seized by Louis Phi-
lippe and placed under French protection, affords a station
unsurpassed in the south Pacific ; and she is fast acquiring
and strengthening ports in the Indian and China seas, as
well as on the African coast.
" All the French lines are in the hands of one company,
the Messctgeries Imperiales, under a large general subsidy
fiom the Government, which is increased as any new ser-
vice is added. This company is on a permanent and na-
tional footing. The Government makes the advances ne-
cessary to build the steamer'?, and gives an annual subsidy
beside, and takes from the line an annual percentage of
not exceeding five per cent., by which it repays itselt grad-
ually for the first advance. The Messagerits emplovs three
great lines, and a fourth is now contemplated ; the first
and oldest of these having been now over twenty years es-
tablished in the Mediterranean line. This seivice i? per-
formed by two lines of steamers, one of which leaves each
alternate week for Alexandria, and another for Constanti-
nople, touching at the Italian and Greek ports, Malta, and
the ports of Asia Minor. The other touches at the various
ports on the coast of Africa, Tunis, Algiers, and Tangier.
These vessels are all under the command of first lieuten-
ants of the imperial navy, with the grade ot captain.
"The East India service is performed by a monthly line
of steamers which leave Marseilles and touch at Alexan-
dria, thence to Aden, Point de Galle, and the bay of Saigon,
and ends at Hong Kong. Connected with these are two
branch lines, one from Hong Kong and Shanghai; a second
is proposed from Aden to the Isle of Bourbon, a French
possession. The main line has been in operation some
years.
" There are two transatlantic lines which are in full op-
eration. The first runs from Bordeaux twice a month to
Brazil and La Plata, and has been in operation some live
or six years. The second is to Mexico, touching at San-
tiago de Cuba, on the island of Cuba, and at Martinique.
This line leaves St. Nazaireand ends at Vera Cruz; a
bianch line connects Martinique with Guadaloupe. TJ>e
main Mexican line has been in operation since the French
occupation of Vera Cruz, and will shortly run semi-
monthly."
The establishment and conduct of our Ameri-
can lines of ocean steamers—although receiving
but little aid or encouragement from the Govern-
ment—has exhibited an enterprise, energy, and
sagacity unsurpassed in the history of commer-
cial effort.
The Collins line of steamers this Government
subsidised in 1850. It was established late in (hat
year. In the brief period of its existence it chal-
lenged the admiration and received the support
of the whole American public. It seemed also
to be in greater favor with Europeans than the
Cunard line. The vessels were more splendid,
of much greater speed, and commanded by dis-
tinguished and able commanders. The line was
unfortunate and short-lived. Two of their finest
steamers, the Arctic and Pacific, were lost; the
first in September, 1854, and the last sailed from
Liverpool in January, 1856, and was never heard
of again. The other three magnificent steamers
wer« sold to satisfy the creditors of the company.
It was conceded by all that this line was vastly
superior in every respect to the English steamers.
The establishment of this line had the effect to
increase the speed and induce better accommoda-
tions from the Cunard line; reducing the average
time of their passages about thirty hours; but
even at this the American steamers beat their
English rivaia a day and a half in their average
voyages.
