1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 360) to enable the people of Colorado
to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 85) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue certain bonds to the Secretary of the In-
terior for feeding the refugee Indians; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
362) to amend the third section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30,1865, and forother purposes," approved
July 9, 1864; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 86) to provide against periodi-
cal rebel invasions of Missouri, and to protect
the interests of the Government on the western
border; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs ivnd
the Militia.
DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seeietary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate, if not incompatible with thtJ public ser-
vice, the report made by Major General Ileiron, in compli-
ance with orders instructing him to inspect the military de-
partment of Aikunhus.
ARR13STS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Piesident be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate all information in his possession beanng
on the airest and imprisonment of Colonel Richard J. Ja-
cobs, Lieutenant Governor ot the State of Kentucky, and
Colonel Frank Woolfoid, one of the presidential electors? of
that State; particularly by whose order they were arrested
and imprisoned, where they are aipiesent confined, and
wiiat ofl'enses are charged against them.
Mr. WILSON objected to the consideration of
the resolution, and u lies over under the rules.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the res-
olution which came from the House of Repre-
sentatives this morning, proposing an adjourn-
ment over from Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate eoneuning,) That whenthi-? House
adjourns on Thui&day, the 22d instant, it adjourn to meet
on Thursday, January 5, I860.
Mr. HOWE. If there be no objection, i pre-
fer to have the resolution so amended that when
the two Houses adjourn on Wednesday next,
they adjourn over. ["Oh, no."] Very well, I will
not move the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I ask that the resolution be
again reported.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. Cannot the resolution be so
amended as to include both Houses?
ThcPRESlDENT pro tempore. Undoubtedly
it is in the power of the Senate to amend it as
they may choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been usual at differ-
ent sessions to amend it in that way. The House
of Representatives usually, under the Constitu-
tion, ask leave of the Senate to adjourn them-
selves, and it is usual for the Senate to amend it
so as to include both Houses. I move to amend
the resolution so as to make it read:
Thar when the two Houses adjourn on Tlim>day, the
22d instant, they adjourn to meet on Thursday, January
5, l£6«>.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was concurred m.
NATIONAL UNION INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up for con- j
sideration the bill (H. R. No. 517) to incorpo- 1
rate the National Union Insurance Company, of j
Washington. i
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair is
informed that that bill has not been reported from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
which it was referred.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill was passed by the
House of Representatives, and referred by the
Senate to our Committee on the District 01 Co-
lumbia at the last session, according to my recol-
lection. By that committee it was referred to a
special sub-committee, consisting of the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] and another mem-
ber. I think the Senator from Maine prepared
some amendments to be submitted, which he
thought were necessary as checks and guards to
secure the public interest and to protect the per-
sons who might be insured. I suggest to my
colleague that he let the bill lie over until the
Senator from Maine returns. I know that it was
the sentiment of the committee that the bill as it
came fiom the other House was defective. It
does not correspond with the best regulated char-
ters granted in the States, and it confers some ex-
traordinary powers on the corporators.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say to my colleague
that I conversed with the Senator from Maine, to
w h om he refers, at the close of the last session, and
at that time he was prepared to vote for the bill,
and would have reported it from the committee,
and asked for its consideration by the Senate, if
time had allowed; but lest I may be in error now,
lest since then he may have discovered something
that needs amendment, I will conform to the sug-
gestion of my colleague, and move that the bill
be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
DISQUALIFICATION OF COLOR.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 62) to remove all disquali-
fication of color in carrying the mails, the pending
question being on the amendment submitted by
Mr. Powell to the amendment reported from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,after
the words " United States " to insert the words,
u in all cases for robbing or violating the mails
of the United Stales so that the amendment of
the committee will read:
Sec. 2. Jindhc it jwiher enacted, That in the comts of
the United States, in all cases lor robbing or violating the
mails of the United States5, theie shall be no exclusion of
any witness on account of color.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose that the amend-
ment of the Committee be non-concurred in, as a
bill on that subject has already been passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thefirstques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggesttothe
Senator that a proposition of that sort became a
law at the last session, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated—the
Senatorperhapsdid not hear whatl said—thatthe
amendment of the committee is now the law of
the land, and therefore I propose that the Senate
non-concur in the amendment and pass the hill.
Theamendmentto theamendmentwas agreed to.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to have the bill
read as it stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Beit enacted, <$■<;., That from and alter the pa^ase of
tlud act no petson, by reason of color, shall be disqualified
fiom employment in cariyui? the mad*, and all acts and
pints of acts establMmig such disqualification, including
ctpecuilly the bcventh section of the act 01 Match 3,1826,
an* heiehy lopealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidercd to be engiossed for a third
leading, and was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for tiie yeas and nays
on the passage of the btli.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs.-r?. Anthony, Brown, Claik,Conner, D1K011,
Doolittlo, Faiwell, Foot, For-ter, Grimes, Hailan, Harris,
Iloridei^on, IIowc, Lane ot Indiana- Lam-of ICaus.i^, Mor-
gan, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague, Sumner, Van
W/nkJ^, Wilkinson. Wi)i'*y, and VVii-son—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Powell. Rielmidson, Riddle, and
Wright—5.
ABSENT—Megsrs. Buckalow, CarKle, Chandler, Coir
lamer, Cowan, Hale, flardmg, Hendricks,Hicks, Howard^
Johnson, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Saulsbury, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps I am too late to vote.
I came in for thejpurpose of voting. ■ , -
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The result
had been announced before the Senator addressed
the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask leave to vote with the
consent of the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator fVorh
Maryland was in the Chamber before the result
was announced, and 1 hope he will be permitted
to vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will read the rule.
Mr. POSTER, (to Mr. Johnson.) The rule
is positive.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I waive the motion.
I understand it is against the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule is
very explicit. The Chair will read it for the in-
formation of the Senator.
17. When the yeas and nays shal! be taken upon any
question, in pursuance of the above rule, no member shall
be permitted, under any circumstances whatever, to vote
after the decision is announced from the Chair."
Mr. JOHNSON. In point of fact I was mak-
ing the motion before the result was announced.
1 should have voted ay;" that is all.
Th§ PRESIDENT pro temporeItmighthave
been possible that the Chair ijid not hear the
Senator.
MARY SCALES ACCARDI.
Mr. FOSTER. There are on the Calendars:
few private bills, mostly House bills, reported
from the Committee on Pensions. They are not
of great public importance, but they are of very
much importance to the individuals interested,
and if they can be passed before the holidays,
they will make a good many hearts glad. I hope
the Senate will indulge me in calling them up. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 394, for the relief of Mary
Scales Accardi.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mary Scales Accardi,
the widow of Salvador Accardi, upon the roll of
widows of invalid pensioners, and that she be
paid a pension, at the rate of six dollars per
month, commencing with the date of the decease
of her husband.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out the words " with
the date of the decease of her husband,"and to in-
sert 44 July 1,1862."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It way read the third time, and passed.
HARRIS WELCH.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 542) to grant a pension of eight
dollars per month to Harris Welch. The bill pro-
vides that Harris Welch, of Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, a sergeant of company B, in a New
York regiment of volunteers known as the Leslie
Cruards, shall be entitled to a pension of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence from the 1st day of
October, 1861, and to be continued and paid to him
during his life.
Mr. FOSTER. This bill has been reported ad-
versely by the Committee on Pensions. I there-
fore move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
EMILY A. LYON.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 390) for the relief of Emily
A. Lyon, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions with an amendment, to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting clause,'
in the following words:
That the Secrctaiy of the Interior be, and he hereby is,
.uithouzed and dm-ctcd to pi.ice the name ot Emit)' A.
Lyon, widow of Alfred M. Lyon, late a sutler in the twen-
ty-third fow.i ipymnTit ot uiiantry, and who died m -trie
