1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Havre line was quite successful, and con-
tinued to run until the breaking out of the rebel-
lion, since which time their steamships have been
employed mostly as Government transports.
This line received but small assistance frorri the
Government.
The Bremen line was the first established. Its
contract with the Government expired in 1858,
• and the aid from the Government was so small
that the owners abandoned the service.
The Pacific line is justly regarded with admi-
ration and pride by all American citizens. It
has been wonderfully successful, butnot by Gov-
ernment favor. The aid rendered by Govern-
ment was insufficient to enable it to continue*, but
the opportune discovery of the gold mines in
California gave such an impetus to emigration
and trade upon the Pacific coast, that from that
time it met with eminent and unexampled success.
The line from Charleston to Havana was sub-
sidized for several years, and was in successful
prosecution when the rebellion broke out. This
line the South was always very earnest to sub-
sidize, for it ran from a southern port to a slave-
holding West India port, and was owned by the
" chivalry."
There have been a great many coast lines es-
tablished, and most of them eminently successful.
"With a fair chance, American enterprise, skill,
and energy, could always outstrip that of all other
nations in a contest for maritime supremacy;
but the American shipping merchant has not re-
ceived that fostering care of the Government that
those living in other countries have been blessed
with. England has done more to encourage
commerce than all otherGovernments combined.
Now, the question arises, how much has Great
Britain increased her commerce and trade by the
adoption of this policy? This I am able to show
by a comparison of her trade with those countries
that she has opened steam communication with,
at the time it was opened with what it is now,
and also in comparing the trade of the United
States with some of those countries, with what
it was then and what it is at the present ttme,
showing a vast increase on the part of Great
Britain and a corresponding decrease on the part
of the United States. As shown by the statistics
which 1 have presented, England grants subsidies
to the enormous amount of upwards of $4,000,000
in gold. She is partially reimbursed for this vast
outlay by postal receipts to the amount of about
^1,700,000, lea vinga clear loss ofabout $2,500,000.
The exports of British products to the United
States were in 1800 about the same as they were
in 1840, when the Canard steamers commenced
running. They were in 1800, $29,500,000; in
1840, $29,300,000, a trifle less than in 1800. Since
the establishment of this Cunard line and its con-
tinuance by subsidy, Great Britain has been in-
creasing her trade with the United States with
unexampled rapidity—more than quadrupling it
in a few years. Subsidized mail steamship com-
munication from England to the west coast of
Africa commenced in 1852, and the exports of her
products and manufactures nearly doubled the
first year. In 1852 the exports were $2,800,000;
in 1855, less than three years after the line had been
established, they were $6,400,000, and have been
gradually increasing since. Her exports and
trade with China, India, and Egypt, show a much
laiger increase since the establishment of mail
steam packet" service than that I have before
given. The exports of British products to China
m 1842, only a little more than two years before
mail steam service was commenced, were some-
thing less than $5,000,000. In 1856, fourteen
years afterward, they were over $11,000,000.
The exports of British products to Egypt were
SI, 105,000 in 1842; and in 1856 they were nearly
$*,000,000. The exports to Ind la in 1842 were
less than $26,000,000, and in 1856 were more than
$52,000,000.
In 1859 the whole amount of impoi ts into Mex-
ico, from the best information I amable to obtain,
was about <£26,000,000, and the exports about
$28,000,000, making of imports and exports a for-
eign interchange of $54,000,000. Of this com-
merce, England secured to herself about $33,-
000,000, more than one half of the whole. The
United States obtained about $8,000,000; France
something over $5,000,000, and the balance was
distributed pretty equally among some six or
seven other countries. England thus obtained the
lion 's share—more than four times as much as the
United States, notwithstanding Mexico was our
neighbor, and by all the laws governing trade we
should have monopolized the largest half of this
rich commerce. The loss of it to ourselves is only
ascribable to our own folly, and wantof commer-
cial sagacity on the part of our rulers. In 1835 the
trade between the United States and Mexico was
more than double what it is now. Prom that time
to the present our commerce with Mexico has been
continually declining, while that of Great Britain
has been continually increasing. 1 think I have
adduced examples sufficient to show the wisdom
of that policy which England has so persistently
pursued for so many years; but there are other
cases which prove in still greater degree her wis-
dom and sagacity. In 1851 she subsidized a line
of mail steamers to Brazil, and the first year after
they commenced running she increased her ex-
ports over $5,000,000, and in six years she more
than doubled her trade with Brazil. Yet for a
great many years previous to 1851 her trade with
that country remained almost stationary, increas-
ing in eight years only about six per cent. Our
exports to Brazil duiing this same period of
time amounted on an average, I believe, to about
$4,500,000. In 1859 our exports to Brazil were
about $6,000,000, and m 1860 a trifle less than
that amount. Our imports in 1859 from Brazil
were $22,000,000, and in 1860 about $21,000,000.
This shows a large balance of trade against us—
indicating an indifference to our commercial in-
terests which is unpardonable. Contrast this with
Great Britain. Her exports to Brazil in 1861 were
over $28,000,000, and her imports of Brazilian
products—exclusive of coin—less than $14,000,-
000, making a balance of trade largely in her fa-
vor. This is a kind of commercial intercourse
which replenishes the coffers of Great Britain, but
sadly impoverishes us.
I have already given you the report of the sub-
sidies of France, and the result in benefit to her
commerce and prosperity differs only in extent
with that of England. Ih proportion as she has
subsidized have her commercial prosperity and
intercourse increased with those countries that
she has connecting ocean steam service with.
France increased her steamers in ten years from
117 to 324, and her steamer tonnage from 12,000
to 66,000.
f In the statistics and statements which I have
presented, I think I have given some of the rea-
sons and furnished something of argument in
favor of the general policy of encouraging in-
creased facilities for postal and commercial pur-
poses by the establishment of ocean mail steam-
ship lines, when practicable, to communicate with
every portion of the globe.
Havmgsaid thustnuch, Mr. Speaker, in general
terms chiefly, in favor of this system of ocean
steam navigation, permit me to say in addition to
what I have already said, something more in
favor of this line in particular which this bill
proposes to inaugurate. Establish this line of
steamers to China and Japan, and the same ratio
of increase in trade with those countries that Eng-
land experienced after she subsidized a line of
steamers to China and Egypt,and the additional
receipts from customs, the first year, under our
present tariff, would more than pay thedeficiency
in covering the expense from postal returns.
Then, again, we should do about all the postal
service of Europe for the East Indies when our
Pacific railroad is completed. This,with our own,
would not leave a very large deficiency to be paid
outside of the postal income. This, 1 think, we
may safely count upon, for our facilities for reach-
ing all parts of the East Indies would enable us
to save several days in time over the Mediter-
ranean route for most European correspondence.
If we establish this line of steamers and build
the Pacific railroad, we shall not only do nearly :
all the postal service of Europe for that distant
oriental region, but we should have about all the
carrying trade for passengers and high-cost mer-
chandise. A large portion of the products of In-
dia are of high cost and light weight, and most
goods of that description can be transported to
Europe by steam and across our continent
cheaper than by sailing vessel, if you take into
account the difference of interest and insurance,
and every merchant regards these as elements
of cost just as much as freight. Take silks and
teas, for instance. The difference between send-
ing them to Europe by sail, consuming four'or
five months' time, and that of sending them -Vy
steam, would make a cost on those articles in thi
items of insurance and interest of several cents a
pound. This alone secures advantages which
must inevitably, upon those articles, give us the
carrying trade of the world.
Some object to this additional pecuniary butf-
den at this time because the Government needs
all its resources at the present moment to enabfe
it to prosecute successfully the gigantic war-iu
which we are now engaged. Far be it from me
to add anything of burden to the Treasury which
can well be avoided. I have been one of those
who have feared much more for the last two
years that the Treasury would-give out than that
our armies would be unsuccessful in the field. 1
have constantly, in season and out of season, ad-
vocated, as measures of relief to this Department
of the Government, retrenchment and economy,
increased taxation, and reduction of the volume
of the currency; and if I did not sincerely believe
that the effect of this measure will be, in the end,
rather to replenish than exhaust the Treasury,
I would not advocate it now. But I trust and
believe we shall be all through our troubles long
before this money will be called for, which can-
not be for some years yet.
This controversy about subsidizing ocean mail
steam service, which has existed for many years,
has engaged the attention of statesmen, of'the
press,ami the public in Euiope and America, foir
many years, and always with growing favor
everywhere but here—the nation of ail othei's
that should foster and encourage it in the man-
ner which this bill provides. Much prejudice
has arisen against direct subsidies, as they were
thought to have been obtained here in some in-
stances by favoritism and corruption. But this
bill provides, as did the Brazilian bill of last ses-
sion, that it shall be thrown open to free compe-
tition, and given to the lowest bidder. Hence
you see no lobbyists around trying to push it
through. This is the only way in which I would
give national aid to these great and beneficent
projects.
*fhe chief cause, however, of the withdrawal of
Governmentaid to ocean steam navigation was to
be found principally in the jealousy and conse-
quentopposition of the South. Some of herstates-
men openly declared that it was nothing but rob-
bery of the South for the benefit of the Worth.
Well,indeed, does the JNew York Board of Trade
remark:
"The day lias passed, and passed forever, when an
Ameucan will look with jealousy on the fostering or de-
velopment of any branch ot the industry of the country,
whether agricultural, commercial, or mechanical. Yet
nothing is more certain than that men were found (and
tliis was nothing as compared with their Inter crime) who
were ready to destroy the commcicial supremacy of this
nation, anil to slup it of it* light arm of offense by crippling
its marine, that it might be the morn poweilesd to resist
their then premeditated treason. Unfortunately theircoun-
sels prevailed, and the ocean learners in which the country
took such a hearty and honest piide are among the mem-
ories of the past."
In some remarks which I had the honorto make
in this House at the last session, I said, what I
repeat now, if it can be shown that in those coun-
tries where ocean steam communication has been
fostered, encouraged, and lines established, the
trade and commerce of the countries to which
such postal and commercial facilities have been
extended have been enormously increased, whila
our own has been as constantly diminishing with
all nations that Great Britain and France have
established such lines of communication with, we
cannot fail to perceive that such increase on their
part and diminution on ours is directly ascribable
to that policy, so wise and sagacious, which Eng-
land has pursued so steadily upon such a pto-
digious scale for so many years. If it is also dis-
covered that this steam communication is and can
be maintained only by governmental aid, at the
cost of Government subsidies, then it is the duty
of this Government to encourage, protect, and
extend commerce, to some degree at least, by
similar means.
There are grave political considerations which
may well be considered m connection with this
policy. I suppose all will admit that it is of the
last importance that the most amicable relations
should exist between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts. I think I may safely say that it has been
the wise policy of this Government ever since the
