64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
setvlce of his country the 17th day of May, 1863, upon the
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollais per month, from
thfisajd 17th day of May, 1863, to continue during her wid-
owhood ; Provided, That pi oof satisfactory to the Com-
missioner of Pensions be madtj of the material facts above
related.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and he is hereby,
directed to place upon the pension roil the name of Emily
A. Lyon, widow of Alfred- M. Lyon, a late &utler in the
twenty-third regiment of Iowa volunteers, hut who volun-
teeredas a piivate in company A of the said regiment, and
whHe serving in that eapackywas mortally wounded at the
battle of Black river, Mississippi, on the 17th day of May,
1863/and died on the field; the said pensron to be at the
rate of eight dollars per month* commencing on the 17th
day of May, 1853, and continuing during the widowhood of
the pensioner.
The amendment was agreed to.
The biH was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to bo read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES SI. POTT.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 478) for the relief of Charles
M. Pott, which requires the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Charles M. Pott, late
of company K, one hundred and seventy-ninth
Pennsylvania militia, on the pension roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, ftom the date of
bis discharge, March 7, 1868, for total disability
sustained by the loss of an arm by accident while
in the hospital detained for his pay after his dis-
charge had been ordered.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time* and passed.
REBECCA S. HARRISON.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the bill (S. No.
347) for the relief of Rebecca S. Harrison was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It dirccts the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the naval pension
roll the name of Rebecca S. Harrison, widow
of the late Lieutenant Horace N. IIarrison,at the
rate of twenty-five dollars per month, to com-
mence from the 1st. of April, 1864, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The bill wai reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House were severally rend twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (II. R. No, 597) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1866—to the Committee on Finance.
A biil (Fi. R. No. f>9d) makingappropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juno 30, I860—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. II. No. 601) supplemental y to an
act entitled "An act to enable the people of Ne-
vada to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original
States"—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 603) to extend the time al-
lowed for the withdrawal of certain goods therein
named from public stores—to the Committee on
Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 124) explana-
tory of the act entitled " An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to suppoit the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June SO, 1S64—to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
ENROLLED BILLS SIflNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPm:usON,its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint les-
olutions; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Piesidcnt pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 32.9) tor the relief of William H.
Jameson, a paymaster in the United States Ai my;
A bill (S. No. 350) to auihmize the purchase
or construction of r. vuiue cutters on the lakes;
A biil (S. No. 352) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United States disuict
court for the district of Indiana;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain John A. Winslow,
United States Navy, and to the officers and men
under his command on board the United States
steamer Kearsarge, in the conflict with the pirati-
I cal craft the Alabama, in compliance with the
' President's recommendation to Congress of the
5th of December, 1864; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant William B.
Cushing, United States Navy, and to the officers
and men who assisted him in his gallant and per-
ilous achievement in destroying the rebel steamer
Albemarle, in compliance with the Presidents
recommendation to Congress of the 5th of Decem-
ber, 1864.
FREEDOM OF SOLDIERS' FAMILIES.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. b'2.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S.No.82) to encourage
enlistments and to promote the efficiency of the
military forces of the United States. For the
purpose of encouraging enlistments and promo-
ting the efficiency of the military and naval forces
of the United States, the lesolution provides that
the wife and children, if any he have, of any per-
son that has been, or may be, mustered into the
military or naval service of the United States,
shall, from and after its passage, be forever free,
any law, usage, or custom whatsoever to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and in determining who
is or was the wife and who are the children of
an enlisted person, evidence that he and the
woman claimed to he his wife have cohabited to-
gether, or associated as husband and wife, and
so continued to cohabit or associate at the time
of the enlistment, or evidence that a form or cer-
emony of marriage (whether such marriage was
or was not authorized or recognized by law) has
been entered into or celebrated by them, and that
the parties thereto thereafter lived together, or
associated oi cohabited as husband and wife, and
so continued to live, cohabit, or associate at the
time of the enlistment, shall bcdecmed sufficient
proof of marriage, and the children born during
the continuance of any such marriage shall be
deemed and taken to be the children embraced
within the provisions of the act, whether such
marriage shall or shall not have been dissolved
at the time of such enlistment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire simply to amend the
resolution by striking out after the word "born,"
m the twenty-second line, the words "during the
continuance;" so that it will read:
And the clnldicn born of any such marriage thai! be
deemed and taken to be the chikhen embraced within the
piovisions of this act, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the resolution be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRKSIDKNT pro tempoie. Did it come
from the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it came from the
Committee on Militaiy Affairs.
The PR ESI D UNTpro tempore. Then the ques-
tion will he on reftsuing it to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WILKINSON". I hope it will not be re-
feircd. 1 think this is a measure that ought to
have been passed three years ago. I tried one or
two years ago to have the principles embodied in
this joint resolution incorporated in a hill which
was before the Senate at that time m relation to
enlistments. I do not want to see any further
delay in this matter, i think the resolution ought
to be passed immediately.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President. I rise simply
to expiess the earnest hope that this joint resolu-
tion will not be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, or any other committee. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have three times re-
poited the substance of this lesoiution in other
bills. It simply provides that the wives and chil-
dren of the soldiers of the Republic shall be made
free. The needs of the country, more than justice
or humanity, have weaponed the hand of the slave.
We have enlisted many thousands of them. They
are to-day m the trenches before Richmond and
! Pcteisbuig, and on the shores of the Carolines;
! and they keep watch and waid over the Missis-
sippi from Cano to the Gulf. They aie every-
where doing their duty, and their whole duty,
bravely and well. Butler and Banks, Meade and
Burnside, Warren and Hancock, and Lieutenant
General Grant have all borne testimony to their
fidelity, their courage, and their services. Offi-
cers who have served with the best regiments of
the armies of the East and of the West, officers
who have fought in many battles, say that these
colored troops, for industry, obedience, courage,
and conduct, are surpassed by no troops in the
service of the country. The Government could
not dispense with their services without periling
the cause of the country.
It is estimated that from seventy-five to one
hundied thousand wives and children of these
soldiers are now held in slavery. It is a burning
shame to this country; it is an indecency for the
American people to hold the wives and the chil-
dren in slavery of men who are periling their lives
before the rebel legions. This measure of patriot-
ism, justice, and humanity ought to have been
passed many months ago; it surely ought to have
been passed early in the last session. We have
made the slave free when he becomes a soldier.
Whenever the slave enlists, he is a freeman for-
ever more; and thousands of them have enlisted
since we passed that beneficent act. At least
twenty thousand slaves have enlisted since that
act was passed giving personal freedom to the
slave who enrolls his name on the muster-rolls of
the country's defenders.
The nation now needs defenders. For the pur-
pose of encouraging enlistments it is proposed
that the wife and the child of the slave who will
fight the battles of the country, shall, like him-
self, be free. Heart, reason, and conscience de-
mand it. Self-respect and decency require it.
The right to do it is unquestionable. There is no
doubt, there can be no doubt, of the right of the
Government of the country to give freedom to
the man who will fight its battles, or to give free-
dom to his wife and child to encourage him to fight.
There is no doubt, there can be no doubt, that
the nation has the right to encourage the slave to
enlist, or to inspire him to deeds of heroic daring
for his country, by making the wife he loves,and
the children who bear his name and inherit his
blood, free evermore. That the freedom of wife
and child will cncourage the husband and father
to enlist none can doubt; that it will inspire the
soldier to the performance of duty, to deeds of
heroism, none can question. Wasting diseases,
weary marches and bloody battles are decimating
our armies. The country needs soldiers, must
have soldiers. Let the Senate then act now. Let
us hasten the enactment of this beneficent meas-
ure, inspired by patriotism and hallowed by jus-
tice and humanity, so that ere merry Christmas
shall come the intelligence shall be flashed over
the land, to cheer the hearts of the nation's de-
fenders, and arouse the manhood of the bondman,
that on the forehead of the soldier's wife and the
soldier's child no man can write slave
Mr, HENDRICKS. I understand the ques-
tion before the Senate to be upon the motion made
by the Senator from Kentucky that this joint
resolution be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
I do not understand that upon that motion the
merits of the measure come up, nor am I able to
see the force of the argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts which he draws fiom the fact, as
he alleges it to be, that the negroes have proved
themselves to be good soldiers in the field; nor do
I think the question of humanity toward the fam-
ily arises upon this particular motion.
The question is, ought this resolution to be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary ? I think
it should go there. I am not able to see how,
under the Constitution of the United States, Con-
gress can free the servant who is held to servitude
by the laws of a State. I do not understand that
Congress has ever done that, and m former da-ys
it was not claimed by any of the statesmen who
peculiarly held the confidence of the country.
This particular question, whether we have the
constitutional power to pass the resolution ought
not to be considered by the Military Committee.
The Senator says this measure has been consid-
ered by that committee some three times. That
committee is not the organ of this body to bring
before the body information upon a question of
constitutional power. That information we ex-
pect to derive thiough the labors of the Judiciary
Committee.
