830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
admission of California into the Union to strength-
en the commerce of the Pacific and promote their
interests in every feasible manner. It was in this
spirit that the telegraph line was established to
California by Government subsidy; and with this
view the Pacific railroad was encouraged, aided,
and pushed through. Strong objection and stren-
uous opposition were made to granting Govern-
ment aid to that telegraph line, which could not
have been built without such aid. It was my
privilege, as it was my cheerful pleasure, to aid
by my voice and vote in committee and upon this
floor the passage of that telegraph act. The
wisdom of our course was most fully vindicated
by the transmission of a single message by the
Government, and one also of the very first sent,
which saved to the Government nearly double the
amount of a whole year's subsidy.
I trust that this measure will be adopted. It
will be regarded by the commercial world as the
premonition of a disposition to recognize the
claims and appreciate the benefits of a growing
commerce, which, if properly fostered, will soon
give us maritime supremacy upon every sea. I
hope ere long to see a system of ocean steam
navigation developed surpassing England in still
greater degree than she now excels us. Accom-
plish this, and we become at once the greatest
maritime Power on earth. We should present to
the world the sublime spectacle of a mighty na-
tion just emerging from an almostdeath-struggie
for the preservation of our nationality, dearer to
us than life, turning aside, with its flag flying from
the mast-head of its steamers upon every sea, to
dispute for ocean supremacy with thegreatPow-
ers of Europe and wresting from their grasp the
carrying trade of the'world.
Then, unparalleled as has been the success of
our oceanic career in the past, doubly glorious
would it be in the future.
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Cole,] my colleague on the com-
mittee, who first introduced this measure, and
who has been unwearied in his exertions to get it
through.
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Speaker, the
population of the Chinese empire, according to
the best geographers, is a little over four hun-
dred and fifty million, of Japan sixty million.
The two contain nearly half the population of the
flobe. They are separated from the United States
y the Pacific ocean, and the distance across to
Japan is four thousand seven hundred miles, to
China less than six thousand miles. They a re in
the same latitude with California, and their princi-
pal ports face San Francisco. They are notaeces-
sibte to any other civilized country withoutcross-
ing the equator and going a much greater dis-
tance. China is within twenty-five days by steam
of America, and Japan can be easily reached in
twenty days. Phe distance from London or Paris
to Hong Kong, all the way^ by water, is sixteen
thousand miles, by Suez it is twelve thousand
miles, and it takes full fifty-two days to make the
journey under the most favorable auspices. The
longitude of the Chinese and Japanese ports is
about opposite to that of the Atlantic ports of
America, so that if one could travel on a direct
line it would make but little difference whether,
in going from New York to Shanghai or Kana-
gawa an pasterly or westerly course was pur-
sued. But the passage eastward can never be
direct. A groat detour will always have to be
made around the south of Asia, or a greater still
around Africa, while the westward course is on
the same general line over our own country and
the Pacific. New York is about three thousand
niiles nearer to China by the westward route than
is London by the Isthmus of Suez. When the
Pacific railroad shall be completed, New York
and Philadelphia will have full ten days, advan-
tage over London and Paris in their communica-
tion with China and Japan. Then New York, or
perhaps S^n Francisco, must become the settling
place for the commerce of those vast oriental
empires, an advantage which London has exclu-
sively enjoyed for many years. England has
taken the lead of nations in the East India trade.
She has been able to do this in consequence of
early possessing a larger marine, and of being
located in reference to that trade as favorably as
any of her competitors heretofore. But our settle-
ment of the western coast of America, and the
rapid filling up of the space between here and that
coast with population, is giving the United States
an advantage which, if improved as it should be,
neither Great Britain nor any other nation can
long resist. This advantage is developing itself
rapidly, and if taken at its flood will inevitably
lead to national fortune.
There are now in the Pacific States fifty thou-
sand natives of China, engaged in all the* various
industrial pursuits. The liberality of our repub-
lican Government has unlocked the rusty gates
of the Celestial Empire. In San Francisco are
above twenty large Chinese importing houses,
owned and conducted altogether by Chinese mer-
chants, who pay very large revenue to the Gov-
ernment, and who manifest an intelligence and
integrity in the management of their business
highly creditable to their calling. That distrust
which these singular people have ever felt toward
the "outside world" is fast wearing away, at
least so far as the Americans are concerned, and
all that is lacking to give us control of their vast
commerce is steamship communication between
San Francisco and their ports. And the same is
true of the Japanese, whose sentiments toward us
are much more friendly than toward any other
people with whom they are having intercourse.
The trade of China has enriched every nation
that has enjoyed it, and besides it is capable of
indefinite expansion. Five hundred million peo-
ple, distinguished for industry and general edu-
cation, must of necessity produce an unlimited
quantity of valuable commodities. Their prod-
ucts are by no means confined to tea, sugar, rice,
cotton, and silks, but comprise everything that
ingenuity can invent or want suggest. In the
perfection of many of tijeir manufactures they
excel all other people.
Our commerce with China has been rapidly in-
creasing ever since her ports were first opened to
all nations. In the fiscal year 1862-63, the v lue
of the imports from that country was $10,961,064,
an amount which was only exceeded by the im-
ports from three other countries, namely, Eng-
land, Cuba, and Canada. Our exports to China
in the same year amounted to considerably over
that sum. We sent from San Fiaricisco to China
m 1863, $4,206,370 in treasi ire, beside a large sum
in the aggregate in privalc hands. In the same
year California shipped to China 2,709,733 feet
of lumber, 9,330 tons of wheat, 6,370 tons of flour,
450 tons of bread, 8,880 flasks of quicksilver, anil
a large quantity, as well as great variety, of other
products of the Pacific coast.
The amount of our exchanges with China grew
from §14,310,702 in 1853 to §22,472,715 in 1860,
the year before the war, and has doubtless been
increasing slowly ever since, notwithstanding the
obstacles thrown in its way by the rebellion.
The San Francisco Mercantile Gazette re-
marks:
" The people of tli.it country, who liave lived among us
these many years, have done u> aeieat service in teaching
their countrymen at home the use and value of our prod-
ucts, and m overcoming lin-ir ancient prejudices against
' barbarian'diet. That trade once t'.m ly inaugurated, as
indeed It now seems to be, the wants of a population al-
most illimitable give assurance of a market lor any sur-
plus we may have to spare at prices reasonably remunera-
tive."
But our trade compared with that of Great Brit-
ain with the same country is small. In 1853 ihe
value of the exchanges between England and
China was §50,026,060,and in 1860, $73,209,000.
It will be observed that the percentage of increase
as exhibited for the years mentioned is greater in
the American than in the British trade,which must
be attributable to our proximity, and friendly in-
tercourse with the Chinese; for England has had
an tidvantag-e over us in all other respects, and
particularly in having communication by steam
vessels between Iter East India possessions and
that country.
The tonnage of vessels arriving in American
ports from China has sprungup from 19,243tons
m 1846, before (he acquisition of California, to
68,519 tons in 1863. it would have been much
greater but for the danger of piratical cruisers, too
often, I regret to say, fitted out in Biitish ports.
In fact it was larger in I860 than at present, it
being then 81,467 tons. At the usual rate of pro-
gression it should have beTrn in 1864 more than
a hundred thousand tons.
In alluding to Great Britain, I disclaim any pur-
pose to excite ill feeling toward thatcountry. The
English and Americans are natural allies. They
are one in blood, in language, in history, religion,
and traditions, and ought heartily to deprecate
any feelings toward each other beyond those of
generous rivalry, as between prosperous members
of the same great family. The advantage which
the English have obtained over us in commerce is
altogether fair, it being the legitimate result of a
more sagacious policy. Let it rather excite our
emulation than our jealousy.
Of course but a limited portion of the commerce
between the United States and China is trans-
acted at San Francisco. Most of it comes to New
York and other Atlantic ports, and whatever
measures may be adopted to stimulate that trade
will benefit the whole country alike. California
constitutes but a small fraction of the market for
East India products. The great point to be gained
is to outstrip other countries in the speed of com-
munications. In commerce time is everything.
To illustrate, it is only necessary to suppose that
the market of Canton, or any other place, becomes
bare of an article of merchandise which both Lon-
don and New York can supply. If the New York
merchant can ascertain the fact first he can put
his cargo afloat and meet the demand in advance
of his London competitor, and as a consequence
will realize a profit; while he who comes later,
finding a full market, will lose. Great Britain has
practiced upon this simple theory to the detri-
ment of other Governments. She has established
steamship communication wherever it has been
needed to give her the advantage in time. She
has subsidized numerous lines of steamships, and
never hesitates to aid them when by so doing she
can reach a market, new or old, in advance of
other nations. She but lately paid, and proba-
bly still pays, for mail steamship service over
§5,000,000 annually, and for every dollar thus
expended she realizes many in return.
First, she receives back in postages consider-
ably more than half her outlay, or nearly three
million dollars, but her great source of gain by
this wise liberality is in the wonderful increase
of commerce which always follows her support
of these enterprises. At one time the United
States Government set out in pursuit of this same
policy, and in the year 1857 she paid for mail
steamship service $1,329,733. But she seems to
have grown weary in well-doing, notwithstand-
ing the receipts for postage for that service the
same yearamounted to §1,035,740, or about three
fourths of the total expenses. Our practice in
this direction should have been increased, but in-
stead of that it has been dwindling away until we
are now paying §160,000 for carrying the paper
mail to California, and not a dime to any steam-
ship for carrying the mails to any foreign coun-
try whatever. To be sure a small subsidy was
offered at the last session of Congress for steam-
carriage of the mails to Brazil, but it has not yet
gone into operation. The system tins been a par-
tial failure in America because of the lack of lib-
erality on the part of our Government. While
the British have paid at the rale of §2 39 per mile
of distance run by her steamships for such ser-
vice the Americans have paid only §1 80a per
mile. It is not to be wondered at, therefore* that
the American system has almost died out, while
the smoke of British steamers is seen curling
among all the islands of the ocean like pillars of
cloud by day and of fire by night, lighting com-
merce on its way.
This policy, so nobly inaugurated in America
in 1846, and successfully pursued for several years,
has been choked down by the narrow economy
of our quondam southern rulers, whose jealousy
of northern commerce led them to conspire for
its destruction.
It is worth while to remark in this connection
that on an equal footing the American marine can
successfully compete with the whole world; but
the advantage which the more sagacious British
Government has bestowed upon her merchant-
men cannot be overcome, even by the greater ar-
chitectural skill of our ship-builders. This will
be made^ the more apparent by reference to the
changes in commerce which has attended or fol-
lowed the establishment of steamship communi-
cation with different countries.
Our inteicourse with the West India islands by-
means of steam has been for the last dozen years
somewhat like thatof Great Britain, and as a con-
sequence our commerce there has grown from
$39,104,648in 1853, to #66,567,291 m 1860, while
