1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
the British, which was §48,494,000 in 1853, only
increased to $61*844,195 in 1860. In Cuba, where
our steam communication was best established,
our exchanges went up from $24,873,714 in 1853,
to $46,428,434 in 1861, and this in the face of an
almost prohibitory duty on flour, our chief ex-
port to that island. The British exchanges in the
same period remained about stationary.
The trade with Brazil, where the British alone
have had steam communication, presents another
striking illustration of the fact in hand. In 1851
the balance of trade with that kingdom was against
us by the sum of $8*396,348, and in 1860 it was
against us to the amount of $15,269,568; while
on the other hand it was in favor of Great Britain
in 1851 by $3,124,665, and in 1860 by $10,887,980.
The advantage of mail steamship service, by
which British merchants could sooner learn and
quicker supply the wants of the Brazilians, pre-
sents a clear solution of this great change in the
tide of commerce.
A like result, but even more conspicuous, ap-
pears in the case of the Argentine Republic and
Uruguay, to which the same line of British steam-
ships extends. The total amount of exchanges
between those countries and the United Kingdom
in 1853 was$ll,789,150, and in 1860, $23,351,315,
showing an increase of nearly one hundred per
cent, in seven years. The total of exchanges be-
tween those same countries and the United States
for the year 1853 was $3,404,564, and for the
year 1860, $2,915,366, showing a decline in the
same seven years of nearly half a million dollars.
For a further illustration of the advantages of
steam communication, let reference be made to
Chili and Peru, where the ships of the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company of Great Britain
have been regularly running. The exchanges
between Great Britain and those republics in
1853 amounted to $22,913,725, and in 1860 to
$41,257,580, or nearly double. The exchanges
of the United States with them in 1853 were, in
value, but $5,202,329, and in 1860 only $6,096,370
—the United States barely holding herown by the
aid of her regular steam communication as far as
the Isthmus of Panama, without which England
would most certainly have added to her large sum
the little balance that remained to us. Great
Britain has subsidized and'established splendid
lines of steamers to both coasts of South America,
and, as a consequence, she has control of ex-
changes there amounting to at least $150,000,000
a year, a great part of which legitimately belongs
to the United States, but which the unwise policy
of our traitor rulers of former years permitted
to be turned into the markets of another Govern-
ment, and to replenish its coffers. The sooner
we reform this policy the better it will be for us
as a nation, and it is no excuse to say that we are
in debt. The British Government was also in
debt, and deeper than we are; but she resorted to
these measures to relieve herself from public bur-
dens, and the result shows the wisdom of her
course. These subsidies, so called, are not gratu-
ities, they are most profitable investments; nor are
they like bread cast upon the waters, to be gathered
after many days; they are remunerative from the
beginning, and pay many fold in duties to the
Government, to say nothing about the postages,
which in some cases exceed the whole amount of
expenditures.
As further and more incontestable proof of the
ability of the American marine to compete suc-
cessfully wiih that of Great Britain and of course
of any other nation, I will refer to New Granada,
with which both England and the United States
have had constantand regular communication by
steam for about the same period. The American
exchanges with that country have grown up from
$1,409,998 in 1853, to $6,042,226 in 1861; while
the British, in the same peiiod, have only ad-
vanced from $3,363,490 in 1853, to $6,352,430 in
1861. The American trade has increased more
than fourfold, the British trade has not doubled.
In the same seiies of years, though the British
steanffehip communication with the West Indies
has been much more perfect than our own, our
commerce with those islands has increased forty
per cent., while the British has increased only
twenty-five per cent.
It is to be regretted there are not more instances
of fair competition between foreign and Ameri-
can merchants to enable us to lengthen out this
proud record.
It is attributable mainly to her ever-expanding
system of steam navigation that the exchanges of
GreatBritain were greater in 1860 by $626,371,790
than in 1853, and to a decline m the American sys-
tem that ours had increased by only $263,333,746
in the same period.
But it is in the East Indies that the growth of
British commerce has been most remarkable.
There she has sown largely, and the harvest is
great. Four years ago she had upward of fifty
ocean steamers, many of the first class, plying
in those waters and in connection with that trade,
all of which were aided by liberal Government
subsidies. The result is that she not only con-
trols the commerce of all that portion of the globe,
but she actually owns Hindostan, with a popu-
lation of one hundred and eighty million souls.
She also owns Australasia, a large share of Poly-
nesia, and, possessing Penang, Singapore, and
Labuan, exercises undoubted sway over the Ma-
lay Archipelago, with all its boundless resources.
She is now looking toward commercial dominion
in China and Japan, and unless the United States,
which is the only Power on earth capable of com-
peting with her for the trade of those countries,
adopts a new policy toward them, it will not
be long before they too, like Hindostan, will be
at the feet of the British lion. To suffer this,
with the advantages we have of good neighbor-
hood and friendly intercourse already established,
would be a national disgrace, and ought to cause
every American to shrink with shame.
Enough has been said to show that wherever
either the United Kingdom or the United States
has opened steam communication with a country,
there has immediately followed a rapid increase
of trade with that country. It also appears that
wherever the American and British merchants
have been afforded equal commercial facilities, the
American merchant has demonstrated his ability
to outstrip his British competitors; and it is only
the advantage of subsidized steamship service, so
freely tendered by the British Government, that
has enabled her merchants to crowd competition
out of many of the richest markets of the world.
The proposition now is to authoiize the Post-
master General to advertise for bids to carry the
mails monthly between San Francisco and China
and Japan, touching atthe Sandwich Islands, at
a cost not exceeding $500,000 per annum. It is
not presumed that the postages will reimburse the
Government for this outlay, though they will
doubtless cover a large share of the amount bid;
but it is as certain as demonstration can makeany
fact, that the expenditure will be returned several
fold in duties on increased importations, and that,
too, from the very start. And then the trade will
increase from year to year, almost with arithmet-
ical progression,until not only our own expanding
Republic, but the whole world, will be supplied
through American merchants with the products
of the land of Confucius.
The Chinese are an intelligent people, they are
an educated people. Every man among them
can read and write with facility in his own lan-
guage. Of the many thousands in California,
nearly all have acquired some portion of the
American language, and not a few of them can
speak and write it with fluency. They place so
just an estimate upon the value of education that
they have established schools for the instruction
of their young in San Francisco. " Outside bar-
barians" are accustomed to call them heathen;
but it is an open question whether that people is
really lacking in enlightenment who possessed a
knowledge of many of the arts and sciences and
useful inventions long before Europe emerged from
thegloomof the dark ages. Besides, it would not
seem very likely that a people who have been
able to maintain a Government longer by many
centuries than any other, and to grow more nu-
merous by hundieds of millions, are wanting in
civilization.
The Chinese and Japanese alike are remarka-
ble for their ingenuity and industry, both of which
contribute to the value and extent of their pro-
ductions. They have little of the dash and none
of the recklessness of Americans, but possess in
an eminent degree many of the more sober and
solid virtues of our race. Their commerce is
worth untold millions. It is the richest prize
ever placed before a nation. It is within our
reach, and the question to be determined is, have
we the wisdom to grasp it?
The difficulties in the way of, our competing
witli England for this valuable boon are becoming
greater and greater by reason of events which
have sprung incidentally out of the present war.
Great Britain has been compelled to look else-
where than in America for cotton, and in China
she finds this useful staple. During the first
nine months of the year 1863 she obtained there
23,392,992 pounds,and during the first nine months
of 1864 she obtained from the same source the
much greater amount of 63,989,184 pounds, or
nearly three times the quantity only one year
later. This shows the necessity for vigilance and
activity on our part, lest Great Britain obtain too
far the start of us.
Objection is made to this measure, because, as
is alleged, the present condition of the finances
forbids that we should incur any liability beyond
what is absolutely necessary to suppress the re-
bellion; and this is the only argument against it
that seems to have any force whatever. But to
this it is replied that in no event will the aid
be required before the year 1868, and by that
time it is hoped we will be relieved both from
the rebellion and the financial embarrassment
growing out of it. This service to China will
require three large ships of four thousand tons
burden each, all of which will have to be built
expressly for that trade, and it would be hardly
possible to putthem on the line sooner than 1867,
the time required by the bill. Thus the point of
this objection is broken, and it is difficult to find
a reason why we should not make the most of
our time in regaining what we have lost by ds-
lay.
The principal point in the Chinese empire
where the proposed line will probably run is the
city of Shanghai, or some place near there, at the
mouth of the great Yang-tse river. That city is
almost a thousand miles nearer to the United
States than is Hong Kong, and there is already
steam communication between the two. Near the
mouth of the Yang-tse the grand Suchau canal
finds its way to the ocean and pours forth its rich
freights of silksand teas gathered in and brought
down hundreds of miles from Pekin and the
north.
The Yang-tse is one of the largest rivers in the
world, it being scarcely less in length and volume
than our own Father of Waters, it drains all the
central and richest portions of that great empire.
On its ferule margins are scores, if not hund reds, of
large cities,among them Nankin, Nganking,and
Wuchang, which number their population by
millions. Upon this river, which, like the Mis-
sissippi, is navigable for thousands of miles, are
now plying several steamboats sent out withia
the last few years by Americans.
The way, therefore, is already prepared, and it
only requires the putting forth of a little exertion
to gather the harvest. From the first settlement
of California many circumstances seem to have
combined to favor the establishment of'this line
of steam-vessels. And the people of America
should not lag behind the monarchies of the Old
World in taking hold of these powerful agencies
of wealth and civilization. This project is next
in grandeur to that which makes our country
free. It will bring San Francisco in close neigh-
bothood with the East Indies; and when the Pa-
cific railway is completed New York and the east-
ern coast will be but little further away. Then
these two great sister cities of America, the one
sitting on the Atlantic looking eastward, and the
other on the Pacific looking westward, will control
the commerce of the globe. Then ancient civili-
zations will succumb to the modern, monarchy to
republicanism, and the Old World to the New.
I now demand the previous questioned hope
that the bill will pass without a dissenting voice.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 77,
noes 19.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved to reconsider
