SESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES, "WASHINGTON, D.C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1864.
New Series...,.N;o. 5.
I believe the bill of the last session providing
for the enlistment of negro troops did also provide
that they should become free; but that, as 1 under-
stood it at the time, was placed upon the ground
that the Government took from the citizen prop-
erty to be used in war, and that the Government
made compensation to the loyal owner. It is not
proposed now to take the persons whom this reso-
lution proposes to make free for the use of the
Government. This is the exercise of the power
to free'the slaves in the States without reference
to thrir use in the Army. This question, 1 think,
ought to be considered by the Judiciary Comma-
tee, and for that reason 1 shall support the motion
of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. 1 concur with the Senator
from Indiana, that this resolution should go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The Senator
from Massachusetts says there is no doubt about
our power to pass this resolution. With defer-
ence to the Senator, 1 think there are the gravest
doubts. I have no doubt myself on the subject.
I think it is palpably unconstitutional. The Ju-
diciary Committee is certainly the proper organ
of this Senate to give us information on that sub-
ject.
The Senator, by this resolution, proposes to
free the wives and children of those who have
enlisted in the Army heretofore, as weil as those
who may hereafterenlist in the Army,and he has
entitled the resolution " A resolution to encourage
enlistments." You certainly would notencourage
enlistments so far as those persons arc in the
Army of the United States, and the larger poition
of the negroes in the border States abie to bear
arms are already in the Army. The passage of
this resolution could notencourage those persons
to go into the Army. Rut it proceeds to emanci-
pate and set free the wives and the children of
thosfe who. are already in the Army. Where is
the power, under the Constitution, to do that?
You admit that in those States where they are they
are property. Has this Congress any power by
a legislative enactment to divest a citizen of any
State of this Union of his property? Certainly
not, except upon one contingency, and that, is
when it is required for the public use, and making
compensation for it. If you take private property
for public use, you must make compensation for
it first. That is the Constitution of your court*
try. When Congress passed the bill to enlist
those peisons m the Army, the bill was accom-
panied with a provision pretending to make some
compensation, indicating a com mission that should
give to their masters, in certain cas^s, not over
$300, and §100 in other cases. Meager and in-
significant as was the compensation held out to
the country in that bill, no compensation has ever
yet been made.
But, sir, this proposition does not provide for
any compensation at all. The other, I admit, was
a mere bagatelle, providing for the payment of an
insignificant amount (which the Government has
never paid, within my knowledge,) for the pur-
pose of quieting the consciences of Senators who
might vote for it. But I ask Senatots if there is
any power in this Congress to take piivatc prop-
erty without making ju^t compensation therefor?
There certainly is not, unless your Constitution
is a dead letter; and, Senators, if you pass this
measure, you will have to d« it by walking1 over
the plain provisions of the Constitution of your
country.
The Senator from Massachusetts cannot say that
so far as these persons are in the service this is
a measure encouragingenlistments, because they
are already in the service; and m my State the
husbands and fathers of four fifths of those whom
it is proposed to emancipate by this resolution are
already in the Army. You do not propose to
give one shilling of compensation. Senators, if
you pass this resolution, in my humble judgment
those who vote for it will be faithless to the Con-
stitution of their country. I verily believe that
all the woes that are now upon us have arisen
because the people and the politicians have been
faithless to the fundamental law of the land. I
5
know that in these tunes those who stand up for
the Constitution of the country and the constitu-
tional liberties of the people are rather mocked and
derided; but while 1 am here I shall obey that
Constitution.
I hope, sir, that this resolution may be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and that we
may have the opinion of that committee as to its
constitutionality. I hope the motion of my col-
league will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
* Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Senate
proceed to I lie consideration of executive busi-
ness, inasmuch as this question is likely to lead
to a protracted debate, which will not be settled
to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and aftersome time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 19, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Prestley, of Pennsylvania.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first busi-
ness in order, to call the States for bills on leave
to be referred to appropriate committees without
debate, and not to be l>ruught back U.y moiion to
reconsider; under winch the following bills were
introduced:
PAY OP MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, introduced a bill
to increase the pay of midshipmen, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee oil Naval Affairs.
GRADE OF VICE ADMIRAL. -
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also introduced a
bill to create the grade of vice admiral in the Navy;
which was rend a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NAVY AND MARINE CORPS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also introduced
a lull making further legislation in regard 'to the
Navy and Marine corps; wliieh was lead a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PAUL S. FOItBES.
Mr. CHANLER introduced a bill for the re-
lief ofPaul S. Forbes, ofNew Yoilt; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affaus.
JURORS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to prescribe
the mode of designating citizens of the United
States who shall serve as jurors in the circuit and
district courts of the United States; which was
read a fust and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
COMMUTATION VALUE OF RATIONS.
Mr. YEA MAN introduced a bill to define the
commutation value of rations,and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and refei red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NAVY-YARD, ETC., AT CHICAGO.
Mr. AR.NOLD introduced a bill to establish a
navy-yard and naval depot at Chicago, Illinois;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
JOSEPH WIIBATON.
Mr. FARNS WORTH introduced a bill for the
relicfof the estate of Lieutenant Joseph Wbeaton,
deceased ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
PUBLIC LANDS TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act making a grant of alternate sec-
tions of the public lands to the State of Michigan,
to aid in the construction of certain railroadsin
said St ate, and forot her purposes, "approved June
16,-1856; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lanjls.
REPRESENTATION IN THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Mr. WILSON introduced a joint resolution
declaring certain States not entitled to represent-
ation in the electoral college; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
TAX ON WHISKY.
Mr. GRINNELL introduced a bill to amend
the revenue laws by changing the time for levyr
ingthe tax on whisky to be manufactured; whiish
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
MAIL CARRIERS.
Mr. GRINNELL also introduced a bill to repeal
the act of the 3.1 of March, 1825, disqualifying
certain persons from carrying the mails; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on die Post Office and Post Roads..
LAKE IIARBOllS.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
making appropriations for the repair and preser-
vation of Government harbors on Lakes Erie and
Michigan; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
MINING DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COLE, of California, introduced a bill to
establish a Mining Department; which was read
a first and second time, by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved that the bill
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The call of the States for bills on leave having
been completed, the Speaker proceeded, as the
next business in older, to call the States and Ter-
ritories for resolulions, resuming the calhwith the
State of Delaware, where it was last suspended.
FOREIGN POLICI OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 offer the reso-
lution which I sendto the desk, and ask its adop-
tion. I desire to say that it is the same resolu-
tion that was laid on the table on Thursday last, I
am inclined to believe partly from misapprehen-
sion on the part of the House and partly by my
own fault. I ask the previous question on the
resolution. -
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Congress has a constitutional right to an
authoritative voice in deeiaiing and presenbing the foreign
policv of the United States, as well in the recognition of
new Powers as in other matters; and it is the constitu-
tional duty of the President to i-e.-peet that policy not less
In     negotiations than in the use of the national
force when antlioiized bylaw; and the propriety of any
declaration of foreign policy by Congress is sufficiently
proved iiy the vote whieh pronounces it; and such propo-
sition winie pending and undetermined is not a fit topic of
diplomatic explanation with any foreign Power.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question until I can
make a motion to amend, and then I will renew
the call for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will do so.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strikeout the word
"President" and to insert " Executive Depart-
ments" in lieu thereof, and upon that I call the
previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have no objection
to that modification.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
demanded.
Mr. FARNSWORTI-I. If the previous ques-
tion be riot.sustained, will the resolution go over?
The SPEAKER. It will if debate arises.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not rise to debate, but to
asic the gentleman from Maryland to make one
other modification of his resolution by striking
