832
THE GLOBE.
February 16.
the vote by which the bill was passed; arid also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and. found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 392) supplemental to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to estab-
lish certain post roads;" and
An act (S. Ho. 403) to establish a bridge across
the Ohio river at Cincinnati, Ohio, a post road.
COLLECTION OF DEBTS DUB UNITED STATES.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 422)
to facilitate the collection of certain debts due the
United States.
MESSAGE FROM TEE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickbv,
their ChiefClerk, announced that theSenate had
passed, without amendment, a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 143)-to facilitate the adjustment of
certain accounts of the American Colonization
Society for the support of recaptured Africans at
Liberia.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
410) to enlarge the port of entry and delivery for
the district of Philadelphia; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had directed the return
to the House of a joint resolution (S. No. 42) to
extend the time for the reversion to the United
States of the lands granted by Congress to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Pere Mar-
quette to Flint, and for the completion of said
road.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
i-ay, his Private Secretary, notified the House
that the Presidentdid,on the 14thinstant,approve
and sign bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 517) to incorporate the Na-
tional Insurance Company of Washington; and
An act (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of col
lectors and surveyors of customs in certain cases^^j from the House by indisposUion in his
in-
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill
reported back by Mr. Alley, but was interrupted
by-
Mr. WINDOM, who inquired if the morning
hour had expired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Minne-
sota has the floor.
Mr. "WINDOM. 1 desire to call up the privi-
leged motion I made the other day to reconsider
the vote by which House bill Itfo. 761 was or-
dered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. After the expiration of the
morning hour the gentleman has a right to call up
a privileged motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to postpone it until
after we get through with the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Minne-
sota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. "WINDOM, I call up the motion, and
upon it demand the previous question.
The bill was reported by the Clerk by its title,
as follows: "An act extending the time for the
completion of certain land-grant railroads in the
State of Minnesota, and for other purposes."
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the House refused to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time.
Being engrossed, the bill was read the third time.
Mr. WINDOM. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. On ordering the main ques-
tion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Windom were appointed.
The House divided* and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 30.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison and
Dawson were appointed. •
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 43, not voting 56;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ar-
nold,- Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blair, Blow,
Boutvvell, Brandegee, Freeman Clarke, Coffioth, Cole,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Deming, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Fiank, Gooch,
Griswold, Flail, Charles M. Harris, Heriiek, Highy, Hooper,
Asahel VV. Hubbard, Iiulburd, Jenckes, William John-
son, Jtilian, Kalbtteiscfi, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, King, Knox, he Blond, Littlfjohn, Loan,
Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, Mc Bride, MeClurg, Samuel
F. Miller, Daniel Morri«, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Nelson, Noble, Norton, Odell, Perham, Pomeroy, William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,Rogers, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, Shannon,
Smith, Stuart, Sweat, VanValkenburgh, Wadsworih, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, Wilder, Wilson,
YVmdom, Fernando Wood, Worth ington. and Yeaman—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, BroomaU, William G. Brown,
Clay, Cobb, Dawson, Dixon, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Finck, Gannon, Grider, Harding, Benjamin G.Uanis, Hol-
man, John fl. Hubbard, Hutchins, Kernan, J-.a7.fiar, Mal-
lory, Marcv, Middleton, Moorhead, Morrill, Morrison,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Scotield, Spald-
ing, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Thayer,
Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Elihu B. Wa&hburne, Web-
ster, Williams, and Winfield—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ames, Ander-
son, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blame, Bliets,
Boyd, Brooks, James S. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Cox,
Cravens, Creswell, Dawes, Denison, English, Garfield,
Grmnell, Hale, Harrington, Hotchki s, Ingersoll, Philip
Johnson, Kasson. Knapp, Law, Long, McDowell, Mcfn-
doe, McKmney, William H. Miller, JamesK. Moms, Orth,
Patterson, Perry, Pike, Trice, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Robinson, Sehenek, Sloan, Smtthers, Starr, Stiles,
Strouse, Upson, Voorhees, Ward, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Benjamin Wood, and Woodbridge—56.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-calf,
Mr. GOOCH stated that Mr. Upson was de-
family.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biU was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr, MORRILL. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order.
LAND-GRANT ROADS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. L. MYERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to !%consider the vote by which
the House yesterday rejected bill of the House
No. 710; and upon that motion 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
entered at this time, the gentleman from Vermont
having the floor.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. What bill is it?
The SPEAKER. The bill which was rejected
yesterday.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I would ask if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. My-
ers] voted on the prevailing side.
The SPEAKER. The motion will not be en-
tered unless the gentleman voted on the prevail-
ing side. The recollection of the Chair is that
the gentleman did so vote. The Chair is informed
that he did, and the motion will be entered.
Mr. MORRILL. I will now yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
MUSTERING OUT OF TROOPS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution to pro-
vide for the mustering out of the military service
certain non-commissioned officers and privates
who enlisted to fill old regiments; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that in every case
where any regiment, battalion, or company has
been mustered out of the service of the United
States by reason of the expiration of the term for
which such organization had been accepted, the
Secretary of War is authorized and directed to
cause immediately to be mustered out all those
non-commissioned officers and privates who, dur-
ing the years 1862 and 1863, were enlisted with
the understanding that they were to serve only for
the unexpired term of any such organization; and
in cases where such regiments, battalions, and
companies have not yet been mustered out, he
shall cause to be mustered out the non-commis-
sioned officers and privates fibove described when-
ever the term of such organization shall expire;
provided, that before any such enlisted man shall
be mustered out, he shall sign a statement, under
oath, that he enlisted with the distinct assurance
and understanding that he engaged to serve only
for the unexpired term of the organization into
which he was mustered, such statement to bo
verified by the recruiting officer by whom he was
enlisted or by some commissioned officer having
actual and personal knowledge of the facts in the
case.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The report accompanying the joint resolution
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER. f do not rise to oppose the
passage of the joint resolution, but I want infor-
mation about it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield once more for a
moment to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr*
King]
MILITARY DEBT OF MISSOURI.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of the constitutional convention of
the State of Missouri in regard to the military
debt of that State; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I now insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Wholeon the state $f theUnion, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the cfeair,) and jfesumed the consideration
of the tax bt|J.
The CHAI&MArj*. When the committee was
last in session ihe g§fitleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. HoopERj.pro^iosed an amendment to come
in atthe end of.-liij^six hundred and ten, on page
26; pending thatr the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] moved an amendmentin the nature ofa
substitute. The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Donnelly] proposed to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts by adding
thereto the following:
Provided, That banks incorporated under State author-
ity, with a capital ot less than litty thousand dollars, whose
circulating notes aic secured wholly by the depo&u of bonds
of the United States at their par value, to th«' amount of
ton percent beyond the amount of tlu-ir arc ulaung noted,
shall be taxed upon their circulation ami-deposits m the
same manner and af the same rate* as are or may be pre-
scribed for the taxation of national banks.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa by
striking out the words "April, 1865," and insert-
ing "January, 1866." m
Mr. WILSON. I propose to modify my sub-
stitute by striking out "April" and inserting
"July,"
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Then I move
to strike out" July, 18G5,"and insert" January,
1866." I wish to say a word in respect to this
amendment. The proposition of the gentleman
from Iowa is that nq bankorbanking association
shall issue any notes of any of the State banks or
