1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?
Mr. WILSON. I ask fora division of the res-
olution in the manner indicated by the Chair.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
both divisions of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the yeas and nays upon the first division of the
resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not necessary to
take the yeas and nays on that. We will all
vote for it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
first division of the resolution; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 8, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Ancona, Anderson, Arnold, Augustus 0. Baldwin, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bliss, Blow, Boyd, Bmndcgee,
Brooks, Brooniall, James S. Brown, Chanter, Ambios-c W.
Claik, Cobb, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Cieswei I, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Thomas T. Davis Dawes, Dawson, Doming,
Dernson, Dixon, Driers, EcUloy, Fdon, Edgciton,Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Finck, Frank, Can&ou, Gaifield,Gudei,Gris-
wo!d, Hale, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Tlaiu*., Iler-
rick, Higbv, Holman, Asaliel VV. Ilubbaul, John 11. Hub-
bard, Jcnclcev, Ka«snn, Kelley, Oilando Kellogg, Kcman,
Knapp, Knox, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Longyear,Mallory,
Maicy, Marvin, MeClurg, McDowell, Mclhdoe, McKm-
ney, Samuel F. Mtlici, Mooihead, Monill, Janice 11. Mor-
ris, Amos Myeis, Leonard Mveis, Nelson, Noble, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oitli, Pattek-on, Perry, Pike, Price,
Pnivn, Samuel J. Kandall. William II. Randall, Alexander
If. Itiee, John H. Rice, Edwin d II Rollins, Kn^s, isHienck,
Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Sirmheis. Spalding, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Strouse, Stuaif, Tliajet. Thomas Town-
fiend, Tracy, Upson, Vooiiiecs, \V;ul^vvoith, Blihu B.
Washhurne, Whalev, Joseph VV. White, Williams, Wil-
son, Window, and Yeaman—118.
NAYS—Mcssitf. Blair, Boutwcll, Cole, Francis W.
Kellogg, LiUlojohn, Pomeioy, Smith, and Van Valken-
ouigh—-8.
NO'J' VOTING—Mcpsis. JamcNC. Allen, Ashley, Baily,
Blame, William G Blown, Fieeman Ci.uko, Cl.iv, Don-
nelly, Dupiont, Eliot, Ensrh-di, Fenton, Gooeh. Gntmeli,
Ilnll, Benjamin C. IIairi-\ Hoopes, Ilotchki^, Ilullmid,
Ihuehins, Ingeir-oll, Philip John>on, William Johnson,
Juhan, KalbfleUcii. King, Loan, Lontr, MoAllistoi, Mc-
Brule, Middleton, William II. Miiler, Daniel Morns, Mor-
rison, Noiton, Odell, Pendleton, Peiiiain. Itadfoid, Robin-
son, Rogers, Janics  3. ilolliu^, Sv,ott, Stan, William G.
Steele. Stiles, Ward, William B. Washbmn, Webstei,
YVheelei, Chilton A. White, Wilder, Winfield, Benjamin
WoodjFeiiiando Wood, and Woodbudge—56.
So the first division of the resolution was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
second division of the resolution.
The yeas and nays, having been demanded by
Mr. Cox, were ordered.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is it in order to lay this
branch of the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would be m order.
A Member. Wo may just as well vote it
down.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I move that the second
division of the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. COX. Do I understand the Speaker to
decide that that motion is in order?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. Wiii the adoption of that motion
lay the whole resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The first part
has been adopted. The latter part is subject to
the action of the House in the same manner as
an independent proposition.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay this part of the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the 'negative—yeas Gl, nays 67, not voting 54; ax
follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Baily, John D.
Baldwin, Beaman, Bhut. l.ouiwil, Jjioomall, Ambrose
W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Cie well, ThomasT. Davi^, Dawes,
Dixon. Di«irgs,Eckley,Ehot, Fai n<worth Frank. Gunnel!,
Hale. Hotchkiss, John If. Ilubbaid, Ka^on Kelley. Fi?n-
eis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kelh'i'g, Liitiejoim, Lomzyear,
Maivm, MeBude, McCluig, Mcincioc, S.ttnuel P. Miller,
Amos Myers, Leonatd M\ei&, Cliat'es O'Ni-ul. Patterson,
IViham, Pike, Pomeioy, Alexandei II. Ilice, John II. Usee,
Iv.Uvaul II. Rollins. Scofield, Shannon. Smith, Sp.ildnm,
Thavet. Thomas, Tracy, Ups-on, Van Vall«iMihunjh. Eiihu
B. Wa'-hbuinc, William B. Washburn, Wlialey, Wi'&on,
Windoin, and Yeaman—Gl.
NAYS—Messrs.. William J. Allen, Alh«on. Ancona, An-
deison, Augu-uis 0. Baldwin, Baxter. Blis^. Blow, Boyd,
Binoks, James S. Blown,Chanlei, Oofl'ioth, Cox, Cravens,
ll"in> Wmte: Davis, Dawson, Domson, Eden, Elrlndge,
Fmek, Gannon, Gai field, Giifler, Gruwohl, llaicbns, U.sr-
rnurton. Ik-tuck, TIil'Ih, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard,
.Tenches, Kern^n, Kti.ipp, Knox. Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Mdllory, M.uey, MeDou oil, McKtnn< v, Mooihead, James
R. MouU, Nel-on, Noble, John O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton,
Peiry, Priee, Punn, Samuel J. Randal!, Eo^, Scbenck,
Sloan, SiinWhors, John B. Steele, Stevens, Suom-e,Smair,
Sweat, Townsend, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Joseph W.
White, and Williams—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. ^amesC. Allen, Ashley, Blaine,
Biandcgee, William G. Brown, Freeman Claike, Clay,
Doming, Donneiiv, Dumont, Edgerton, English, Fenton,
Gooeh,'Hall, Benjamin G. Harris,Charles M. Hauls, Hoo-
per, Hulbuid, Ilutchnis, Ingersoll, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Julian, K.Ubfipisch, King, Loan, Long, McAllis-
ter. Middleton. William II. MiUei, Moirill, Daniel Moriis,
Monison, Norton, Odell, Radford, William H. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rolling, Scott, Starr, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Wilder, Win field,Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
and Woodbiidge—54.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
second division of the resolution.
When the call of the roll had been concluded,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois., asked unanimous
consent to recotd his vote.
Mr. DAWES objected.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
last partofthe resolution, on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmatives-yeas 68, nays 58, not voting 5G;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Allison, Ames, An-
cona, Anderson, Augi^tus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Bliss,
Blow, Boyd,Chanler, CoftYoth, Cox, Cravens, Henry Win-
ter Davis. Dawson, Uenison, Eden, Eldridge, Fmck, Gan-
son, Gariield, Gnder, GiisAvold, Harrington, Chailes M.
[Runs, Heruck, Higby, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Keman, Knapp, Knox, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Mallorv,Marey, McDowell, McKinney,Moorliead,Mouill,
James It. Moms,Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Orth, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Piice, Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall, Aoss,
Scbenck. Scott,Sloan, Smithers, John B. Steele, Stevens,
Stiouse, Stuart, Sweat, Townsend,Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Joseph W. White, and Williams—68.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Bea-
man, Blair, Boutwell, Brandegee, Hrooniall, Ambrose W.
Cl.uk, Cobb, Cole, CreswelJ, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Drigns, Ecklcy, Eliot, Ftank, Grinnell, Hale,
IIotchkis«, John 11. Ilnbbaid, Hulburd, Kn&son, Kclloy,
Fianeis W. lvellogc, Oilando Kellogg, Littiejohn, Mar-
vin, Mo Bride, MeCluig, Mclndoe, Amos Myerss, Loonaid
Myers Chailes O'Neill, Patteison, Peiham, Pike, Pome-
ioy, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Seofield, Shannon, Smith,Spalding, Thayer,Thomas,
Tracy, Up=;on, Van Valkcnburgh, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wilbon, Windom, and
Yejunan— 58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Blaine, Biooks, James P. Biown, WilliamG. Brown,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Deming, Donnelly, Dumont, Edger-
ton, English, F.unswoith, Fenton, Gooch, Hall, Harding,
Benjamin G. Harris, Hooper, Hutehins, Iugcr&oli, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfloisch, King,
Loan, Tjonsr, Longyear, McAllister, Middleton, Samuel F.
Miller, William H. Miller, Daniel Moriis, Morrison, Nor-
ton, Odell, Radford,William II. Randall,Robinson,Rogers,
James S. Rollins, Stair, William G. Steele, Stiles, Waul,
Wclv-ter, Wheeler, Chilton A. While, Wilder, Wmfield,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Woodbridge—.">6.
So the latter part of the resolution was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. LONGYEAR, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. DAWES objected.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the several votes by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 350) authorizing the purchase or
construction of revenue cutters on the lakes; and
An act (S. No. 239) for the relief of William
II. Jameson, a paymaster of the United States
Army.
BROOKLYN NAVY-YARD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, ask-
ing an appropriation of $75,000 for addition to the
Brooklyn navy-yard, which was ordered to be
printed and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
DIFFICULTIES ON CANADIAN BORDER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, in
answer to a resolution of the House relative to the
difficulties on our northern border, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
TAX ON WHISKY.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent of the to leport ircm the
Committee of Ways and Means a "bill to amend
the act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue'
to support the Government, to pay the interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 1864.
The bill, which was read, provides that section'
fifty-five of the act referred to be amended by
striking out the word " February," wherever it
occurs in said section, and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "January;" and further,, that in' a_ddi-j
tion to the duty now imposed by law, all spirits
of domestic production held for sale on the 1st of
January, 18G5, shall be subject to a duty of fifty
cents per gallon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object*to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
in order that I may have leave to report the bill
and have it considered.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 79,
noes 20.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
So the rules wty*e suspended.
The bill was received, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire imme-
diate action on that bill. If it is to beacted on at
all before the holidays, it must be acted on now.
Therefore I move that we proceed at once to con-
sider it.
1 beg to'say that the Committee of Ways and
Means have reported this bill, one portion accord-
ing to their idea of what will be for the benefitof
the revenue—that is the first section—and the
otherportion under the instructions of thisHouse.
If .there is no disposition to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I ask
that we now act on the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. COX. I would like to have the first sec-
tion explained by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. It is not fully understood.
Mr. ANCONA. I make the point of 9rder
that the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That would be a good point
of order if the House had not suspended the rules
for the purpose of proceeding to the considera-
tion of the bill in the House at the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will let me ask a question.
M r. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the previous question
until I can make a statement, and then I will re-
new it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. The language of the second
section imposes the additional tax of fifty cents
per gallon on all spirits held for sale on the 1st
day of January. It is a well-known fact that
throughout the western section of the country,
where large amounts of spirits have been accu-
mulated by the distillers themselves, those stocks
aie in the bonded warehouses with scarcely an
exception, and held with the intention of holding
them as heretofore for such markets as may turn
up. Do I understand that the effect of that sec-
tion is that on the 1st of January all spirits held
by the original manufacturers shall be taxed an
additional fifty cents, but that that which is held
by speculators shall not be subject to the addi-
tional tax ?
Mr. STEVENS. I will explain what I un-
derstand by the bill, and after having done so,
unless some gentleman desires to ask some ques-
tion, I will call the previous question.
The first section of the bill contains the views
of the Commitlee of Ways and Means, while the
second section has been reported, against thejudg-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means, but
in obedience to the instructions of the House,
under a resolution offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.] We could not, under
that resolution, report any amended revenue bill
without inserting what we have, namely, a tax
on whisky on hand. We have thought that per-
haps this House, as a final adjustment of this
whole question, would be content to anticipate,
