834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have prepared an amend-
ment which I hope the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] will accept as a modifi-
cation of his amendment. It is as follows:
After the word "circulation,11 in line five, insert the
words 4' and on deposit."
After the words "duty of," in line six, insert " and on
deposits one twelfth of one per cent, upon the average
amount of deposits of money Mibjuct to payment by check
or draft, or represented by certificates of deposit or other-
wise, and of."
Mr. HOOPER. I accept that.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And any outstanding bills or circulation of any such
bunk or association so converted shall be included, so long
as it shall remain unredeemed, as part of the amount ot
"national circulating notes allowed and provided by law lor
national banking associations.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is proposed
in Older to reach this state of circumstances:
where a State bank, with all of its notes out-
standing, proposes to be converted into a national
banking association, and has provided bonds to
be deposited with the Government for that pur-
pose, immediately takes out national circulation
to an equal amount, this will prevent the issu-
ing of national circulation until an equal amount
of the old shall be redeemed. I do not think that
the gentleman from Massachusetts or the gentle-
man from Iowa will object to this,
Mr, PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, this amend-
ment, although designed to relieve the State banks
somewhat from the attempt now made to break
them down, will in reality accomplish nothing in
ihat way.
I do not know that I can add anything to what
has been said already by my two colleagues from
New York in reference to the general view to be
taken of this matter; but I understand it to be
conceded fiom what lias occurred on the other
side of the House that this is an attempt to break
down and exterminate the State banks.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman will allow me
to explain, it is not intended on this side of the
House to break down the State banks. If we
could have persuaded my friend from New York
to vote for the amendment 10 the Constitution the
other day I do not think that it would have had
the effect to destroy him—it would really have
been his legoncration.
Mr. PRCJYN. Going from white to black is
queer regeneration.
Mr. HOOPER. It is not to destroy the State
bnnks, but to give them new life.
Mr. PRUYN. I cannot go into the constitu-
tional argument to-day. There is no time under
the five-minutes rule to go into that, or I would
be glad to say something more than I did on the
occasion when it was directly before the House.
Ido understand it to bean attempt—-an attempt
which cannot be denied, with the duty sought to
be imposed upon theState banks—it is an attempt
to break down the State banks, or at least, if
carried out, it must end in that thing. Look at
the course of the State banks since the opening
of the rebellion and the issuing of Government
stocks under the legislation of Congress. I ven-
tuie to say that at the present time, perhaps
irrespective of the amount held by the national
banks for circulation—I mean with that included
—that the State banks hold a greater amount of
the public debt than the national banks. They
have come forward and taken them; and they
have taken them, not for the purpose for which
they were taken by the national banks—as a basis
for circulation—but the State banks have taken
the United States stocks as an investment, deriv-
ing only the advantage of the interestupon them,
whereas the national banks have not only the
benefit of the interest but the advantage of circu-
lation. It seems to me that it would be better to
get at this thing by some plain, direct legislation,
than by this indirect mode. We arc seeking to
do that which my colleague [Mr. Kerkan1] has
shown wiii end in subverting, at least to a great
degree, the business interests of the State of New
York. The breaking down of these State banks
will divert the capital invested in them into other
channels of business, trade, and commerce.
These State banks, one or two of them, as re-
roaiked by my colleague, were created bcfoie the
Revolution, and many of them shortly afterward;
and certainly for the past twenty-five years they
have been fairly and honestly doing great service,
not only to the States where they are located, hut
to the United States at large. The question is
whether we shall, by the exercise of arbitrary
power, turn round and attempt to break down
any class ofinstitutions, I do not care what, which
have been honestly chartered by the States and
have been fairly and legitimately doingtheirduty.
That is the question presented to the House under
the amendment.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
striking out the " 1st day of July'and inserting
the " 2d day of January next," and to make the
amendment conform to that amendment.
Mr. Chairman, the object of my amendment is
to postpone the operations of the bill until the
1st of January next. By the law of Pennsyl-
vania enabling these banks to become national
banks they were authorized to continue the old
circulation until the 1st day of January next.
If they are to pay State tax and the tax provided
by the gentleman from Massachusetts their taxes
will be enormous. It would be such a tax as no
banks could stand. It would be three per cent,
upon banks, m addition to the State taxes. All
the banks that have gone in under this law have
gone in under the law as it stood. They went
in under the enabling act of Pennsylvania. Now,
I say it is unjust and, m my judgment, a viola-
tion of theunderstanding of the parties at the time
the banks went in, to say that until the 1st of
January their circulation shall become liable to
additional taxation. And yet such would be the
effect of it, notwithstanding the banks have, in
good faith, gone in under the law. 1 do not my-
self believe that the amendment, or any part of it,
is necessary. I believe that the banks of the
country are coming in under the national banking
law as fast as their condition will allow; and thus
duvmg banks out of existence all over the coun-
try m six or nine months, thus distuibing the
whole business of the country, is, in myjudgment,
very injudicious, and will produce a great con-
vulsion in the monetary matters of the country.
I see no use for the amendment. Our old tax is
heavy, and is sufficient. It was imposed at the
time the national banking law passed, and it was
deemed sufficient then. I think this amendment
is carrying matters to extremes, and I think gen-
tlemen will find that in their violent atempts to
drive matters thus far they are violating the busi-
ness of the counti y, and will do great mischief.
But if it is to pafes at all I ask that its operation
be postponed until the 1st of January next, so
that those banks which went into the existing state
of things upon the fauh that things should re-
main as they were shall not be caught in a trap,
and not be compelled to pay double the amount
they expected to pay.
Mr. WILSON. I am not surprised at the po-
sition taken by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, for I very well remember he was in favor,
during the Thirty-Seventh Congress, of the issu-
ing of legal-tender notes to an extent unlimited,
and I believe he has not changed his views since,
in other words, he is in favor of an expansion of
the currency without limit. Atleast he has never
advocated any cuitaiiment of the volume of the
cuirency.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman that he has stated a position just the le-
vcrse of any position I have ever taken. I never
uttered such a sentiment.
Mr. WILSON. Of course I accept the gentle-
man's denial, and yet I think my recollection does
not betray me as to a declaration which fell from
his hps during the Thirty-Seventh Congress; but
of course I must take his statement.
Mr. $ TEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. At the time the legal-tender
bill was introduced authorizing the issue of $150,-
000,000, it was asked by a gentleman across the
way wnetber I cxpected to limit the issue to that
amount. I replied I hoped we should be able to
do so, and that I did not desire as large an ex-
pansion as that would make.
Mr, WILSON. I think that the action of the
gentleman during the present session of Congress
will bear out, not what he said, for he says he
has said no such thing, but what I have said, that
hft is not opposed to the expansion of the cur-
rency. The bill which was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a few days ago, and
which passed this House, authorized the Secie-
tary of the Treasury to further expand the cur-
rency of the country by issuing legal-tender notes.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. WILSON. I know the Committee of
Ways and Means so said at the time; but I do
notunderstand that bill as they do. 1 understand
that under the provisiunsof that bill the Seci-'tary
of the Treasury can issue, for circulation, notes
to a greater amount than lie could betore us pas-
sage.
Now, sir, the argument which the gentleman
presents in reference to the action of the Legis-
lature of the State of Pennsylvania amounts to
this, that we shall stop legislating in Congiess
upon this subject until the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania shall see fit to release the Pennsylvania
banks from the provisions of the enabling act by
virtue of which they are now coming into the
national system; thatthe hands of Congress must
be tied up by the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
It seems to me that that is hugging closely the
doctrine of State rights. Now, the banks of tlTat
State and the Legislature could not enter into an
agieement which would suspend the power of
Congress to legislate upon this subject. P>utmy
amendment proposes a remedy for what they
complain of. My proposition is that after the
1st day of July no State bank in Pennsylvania
shall he allowed to issue its own notes, or the
notes of any other State bank, and if not issued,
of course they will not have to pay the State tax;
they will be relieved from taxation by the action
of the State, and it will woik no hardship what-
ever.
Now, in relation to the argument of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,} I think
it is a good argument against almost eveiythiog
that Congress Las done, but i do not think it 53
a good argument against the substitute I have
proposed. We have permitted an expansion of
the currency beyond what we should have done.
We have authorized the national banks to expand
the currency to an amount equal to $300,000,000.
I think that that is too great an expansion. 1
think we have issued legal-tender notes to a
greater amou nt than we ought to have done. But
because we have done it that is no reason why
we should not stop somewhere, and require at
least that the local banks shall not add additional
volume to the currency of the country. Unless
we adopt some provision of 'his kind, rhe national
banks may expand their currency to the entire
amount of $300,000,000, and the State banks may
expand their circulation without any limitation
whatever. 1 desire to prevent that expansion of
the circulation of the State banks. We have de-
termined, as a paitof the policy of the country,
that national banks shall go into existence and
issue cuireney to the amount of $300,000,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was rejected.
Mr. DUMONT. 1 move fm ther to mnt nd by
adding after the wotd"said" in line twelve of
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, the
following:
Except that bawki which befoie the 1-t of July next,
186"), shall have reduced tlicii circulation rhiee f<>intiis
since the 1st of Jammi y, 1 SCO, shall not h'* t-ubjert on th^rr
remaining circulation to the tax imposed by the becuon to
winch this proviso ib an amendment.
I understand the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to be not so much a
revenue measui e as it h; a financial measure. The
intention is to compel the State hanks to organize
under the national system. So far as that is con-
cerned, I make no objection to that policy. But
I think that the amendment is not qui to plain. 11
ought to beadapted to the facts. The banks ought
to berewaided to some extent for their good be-
havior since 1861. I think that some financial
measure of this kind is necessary in regaid to
those State hanks \\fehich have been expanding
their circulation. I do not see that they me
entitled to any consideration. They have not
adapted themselves to the exigencies of the coun-
try. But many of the State hanks have acted
without compulsion just as the gentleman would
require them to act now under compulsion.
Take the Bank of the State of Indiana, for in-
stance, and let us see what ithas done since 1861,
and sec whether it ought to be visited now with
