1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
exemplary punishment. On the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1861, the circulation of the Bank of the State
of Indiana was $5,979,419,or, in round numbers,
§G,000,000. It is to-day only $1,524,948. The
bank has withdrawn four fifths of its entire circu-
lation. It ought not to be punished for its good
behavior. It is willing to bepunished for its bad
behavior, but not for its good behavior.
Let ns look a little further into this matter and
see how ill is bank has been conducted. What 1
say in repaid to the Bank of the State of Indiana
1 imagine will apply to other States. I simply
refer to the bank of my own State because I am
more familiar with its operation than I am with
those of other States. On the 31st day of De-
cember, 1861, the circulation of that bank was
$5,975),419, and in 1862 the circulation was $4,992,-
951. The reduction of the circulation of the Bank
of Indiana, in 18G3, was $2,359,106, and in 1864,
$1,038,807: making in three years a reduction of
$4,454,471.
Now, Mr. Chairman, bear in mind that the cir-
culation of this bank was not illegal. It is a legal
institution. Its franchise was granted to it by the
State, and its circulation was properly guaran-
tied. It was not a contraband circulation, either
as against law or as against public opinion. As
soon as it becamc contraband only in public-
opinion, not by the laws of the countty- when
public opinion became settled that the national
institutions ought to supplant the State institu-
tions, the Bank of the State of Indiana went to
woik liberally and withdrew its circulation. This
amendment now proposes to in^iease the tax im-
posed by the law of last session on the circula-
tion of the State banks. I do not object to that,
but I simply come forward with my amendment
and say that this increased taxation shall not be
imposed upon these institutions that are with-
drawing their circulation, before 1866. It is
simply warning them, putting them on their good
behavior, and adopting a kind of sliding scale in
behalf of th ose institutions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
iVIr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the committee will
not rise for such a purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pumeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideiatum, as a special
order, the tax bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate on the
banking amendments, and on all amendments
thereto, teimmate in ten minutes'after the consid-
eration of the bill shall have been resumed in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was ngieed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
Resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration ot the tax
bill; the question being on Mr. Dumont's amend-
ment to the amendment,on which debate was or-
dered to be closed in ten minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the avowal of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
that the main object of this measure is to affect
the State banks, should ariest the attention of the
committee. _The importance of the subject as af-
fecting local interests and favoring cei tain citizens
to the injury of others, cannot be misapprehended.
I hold in my hand, as indicative of the cause of
this amendment and of the influences controlling
legislation on this subject, the message of the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts, delivered before the Gen-
eral Assembly of that, State on the 6th dny of the
present month, in which the subject of the cur-
rency is reviewed. I desire that a passage from
this message bo read.
The Clerk read, as follows: 9
"I find by the report of the Comptroller of the Currency
(under date of November 18*51) that the aureate
capital stock paid in of all the nnuoual bunking associa-
tions then oigamzed was $108,964,597 28, and that of this
sum those of Massachusetts had $95,909,040; so that the
paid-in. capital of the ruuWnal Imnkuig avoeinrtons oigan-
ized in Massachusetts is nearly one quarter part of the ag-
gregate.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be seen, Mr. Chair-
man, that the single State of Massachusetts, which
is now bringing its power to crush out the local
banking institutions of other States by heavy tax-
ation, has obtained, by an unusual activity of her
capitalists or a singular favoritism, the control of
nearly one fourth part of all the capital stock and
of the paper circulation issued under the general
banking law of the nation. Massachusetts hav-
ing thus secured so large a portion of the national
bank capital, a system so favorable to capital,
now proposes to increase the value of her capital
by oppressing less favored States. I submit that
perhaps the motive in bringing forward this meas-
ure, so hostile to the capital of the newer States,
is to suborn the interests of the nation and of
those States to the capital of the State which the
gentleman [Mr. Hooper] represents.
Mr. HOOPER. Wiil the gentleman allow me to
make a statement?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, if it is very brief.
Mr. HOOPER. The banking capital of Mas-
sachusetts is about sixty million dollars. Of that
about twenty-live million dollars is employed un-
der the national banking system. There has been
no increase under this new system to her bank-
ing capital.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it is constantly chang-
ing. The State is rapidly absorbing not merely
her quota, but a large portion of the $300,000,000
authorized by the national banking lav/ to be is-
sued; and the message to which 1 have referred
shows that that very policy is to bc-encouraged m
that State. I propose now to contrast with Mas-
sachusetts the banking policy of another State;
and we shall see, sir, who are responsible for the
excessive increase of paper circulation, and which
State has contributed the most to reduce the vol-
ume of circulation, to diminish which is the pre-
tense of this amendment. I ask to have read
the statement which 1 send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Reduction of the chculation of the Bank of the State of In-
diana, inchu! in* hen twenty branches ,iti the jiaU tin ee veuis.
Amount of circulation December 31,18f>l .<5.979,419
Amount of chculatioii Decciubui iSi, 16G2  4.lh>.2 U5L
Reduction in 180*2  l,05Gj4od
Amount of cnculaiioti December 31,
1863 $4,903,931
Amount of cncul.ition December 31,
lb63     2,563.645
Reduction in 1863  2,359,108
Amount of circulation December 31,
1803  $2,56.1,843
Amount of circulation December 31,
  1.524.948
Reduction in 1804  1,03$ ^97
Total teduction in the last three yeais* $4,454 47 L
Remaining amount of circulation December 31.
1604 *1.534 9-18
JAMES M. RAY, Cashier.
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] permit me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It must be a very biief one;
my five minutes are nearly gone.
Mr. ALLEY. I wish to know if those who
are managing the State banking institutions of
Indiana me not in favorof this very proposition ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The bank managers of the
State of Indiana are protesting against it as an at-
tempt to favor one class of capitalists at the ex-
pense of another class.
Mr. ALLEY. Then I have been misinformed.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentlemen connected
with the system protest against this measure as
oppressive. They have done all they could to
reduce their circulation. No institution in the
Union has been better or wiser administered than
the Bankof the State of Indiana. They have re-
duced their circulation since the war began from
$5,979,419 to $1,524,948, while other States have
only converted their circulation into the more
profitable form of national cutrency without any
reduction of its amount. The local banks have
not expanded the currency, but reduced it, and
now a proposition is brought forward to compel
them to abandon their system entirely, and ail for
the benefit of the capitalists who have monopo-
lized the national banks for the most part——
Mr. "WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] whether the repre-
sentatives of the State banks of Indiana are op-
posed to that provision of my substitute which
forbids the reissuance of notes by State banks
after the 1st of July?
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that particular
provision of the substitute would not be objected
to. But the effect of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] is to
tax the State banks oppressively upon the circu-
lation which they cannot withdraw. It compels
them to pay from-three to six percent, upon that
portion of circulation which they cannot control,
while the national banks on their ciiculation pay-
but one pei cent. The object is not to revise, but
to destroy State banks for the benefit of tiie na-
tional banks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Du-
mont's amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. DAWKS. I move to strikeout the last
clause of the amendment now pending. I desire
to say to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] that I have already called the attention of
the committee to the mistaken policy m the State
of Massachusetts of encouraging the adoption of
these national banks. I do not believe it meets
the commendation of the people ofMassachusetts.
11 is true that the Governor of Massachusetts, and
ail _(he gentlemen connected with this policy of
national bank currency, aie urging everybody to
go into the national hanking system, and whatis
the consequence? Whereas, before the adoption
ot this new policy, Massachusetts derived from
her State banks a revenue sufficient to pay all her
ourient State expenses, she now does not leceive
adollarfjom that source, although she has added
$20,000,000 to her debt, and an immense amount
of her taxable capital has become invested iu
United Stales bonds. It has come to this in Mas-
sachusetts, that the burdens of that State, increas-
ing upon her year after year by millions and mil-
lions ofdollais, are to be borne by poor men, while
right side by side with them aie the miliionaiteg
exempt from taxation by this mistaken policy of
the United States,diivmg the money of thecoun-
tiy into national banks and into the bonds of
the United States, winch are exempt from taxa-
tion.
The time is coming in Massachusetts,as I think
it will come all over the country, when that policy
will be condemned, and when it will be impossi-
ble for the country to stand up against the just
demands of all men that those who are able to
bear the burdens shall bear at least their share of
them. The policy into which the State of Massa-
chusetts has been uiged has lesulted in this, that
the buiden is thiown more and more upon the
poor man and less and less upon the rich man. I
have no sympathy with that policy myaeif, and
no vote of mine shall ever be given for it. The
men in Massachusetts and in this country who
have the money should at least bear their share of
the biudens of the country. The policy which
we have been discussing here to-day has moie
than anything else brought about that state of
things which 1 deprecate as much as the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. IIolman.]
i now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the amendment:
That tb« gpiieial banking law be hereby repealed, and
that the banks oigamAt-il umler it be allowed twenty days
within which to wind up then aliaus.
Mr. Chan man, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has somewhat anticipated the
remarks which 1 wished to make upon this subject.
In the West,as in Massachusetts, theie is to be an
outbreak of popular feeling against this whole
system of national banks. The people will not
submit to having the large capitalists, who have
denied profit fiom the expemhtuies of tins war,
escape from their share of State and municipal
taxation. They will not consent to have the poor
man bear the w hole burden of taxation, (not ne-
cessary solely for the support of the State govern-
ment, but created by the very necessities of this
war,) while they see i he rich man protecting him-
self under these provisions.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted un-
der the order of the I-Iouse.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I withdraw my
amendment.
