836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The amendment of Mr. Miller, of New York,
to the substitute of Mr. Wilson, was rejected.
The question then recurred on the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by inserting after the word " said" in the
twelfth line the following:
Except that banks wliicb, before the 1st of July, 1863,
shall have reduced their circulation three fourthssiiice the
1st of January, 186*3, shall only be subject, in their remain-
ing circulation, to the tax imposed by the section to which
tins proviso is an amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. That has been already adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been adopted as an
amendment to the original proposition, but not
as an amendment to the substitute.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the substitute:
Inline fourteen strike out the word " five" and insert
in lieu thereof the woid " seven."
The amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. DUMONT. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to the substitute:
Add after the word "capital" In line fifteen the words
" existing when the same was issued."
The amendment was agreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
The question recurring on the substitute as
amended, it was rejected; there being,on adivis-
ion—ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Hooper.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
And no national banking association, after it shall have
received from the Comptroller of the Currency any of its
notes, shall pay out the notes of any State bank or banking
association ; and no State bank or banking association shall
issue tor circulation any notes of its own or of any other
State bank or banking association after the ist day of Jan-
uaiy, I860.
On agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment, there were, on a division—ayes thirty-two.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson, and
Stekle of New York, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 65.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out in line fourteen the word
"five'* and inserting in lieu thereof the word
il tenso that the clause will read:
And to an amount not exceeding ten per cent, of the
chartered or declared capital.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved the following amend-
ment:
In line fifteen, after the word "capital" insert "exist-
ing when the same was establishedso that it will read :
And whenever the outstanding circulation of any bank,
association, corporation, company, or person shall be re-
duced to an amount not exceeding five per cent, of the
chartered or declared capital existing when the same was
eetablibhed, said circulation shall be free from taxation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to amend ,in the twenty-
second line, by sinking out11 five" and inserting
" ten;" so that it will read:
And whenever any State bank or banking association has
been convened into a national banking association, and
such national banking association has assumed the liabili-
ties of ouch Suite bank or bai.king association, including
the redemption of it- bills, such national banking associa-
tion shall be held to make the required return and payment
on the circulation outstanding, so long as such circulation
shall exceed ten percent, of the capital before such con-
version of such State bank or banking association.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.WILSON. I propose to modify theamend-
ment 1 offered a few moments ago, as follows:
And no national banking association or State bank, or
banking association, shall, alter the l^t day of January,
1866, iasueor pay out any notes for circulation other than
those issued by national banking associations.
Mr. PRUYN. I insist that that amendment is
not in order, as it has been already voted down
by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has
been modified.
Mr. PRUYN. Did the gentleman from Iowa
purposely omit the word " national " before the
word " banks " the second time ?
Mr. WILSON. 1 will state to the gentleman
from New York that my object is exactly this :
to prevent a national bank, or State bank, or
banking association, from issuing any other bank
notes than those of the national banking associa-
tions after the 1st day of January next.
Mr. PRUYN. It prohibits State circulation
entirely?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, after the 1st day
of January next,
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I raise the
point of order that this is a bill for revenue, and
that a provision such as the gentleman has pro-
posed, prohibiting the circulation of a certain class
of money, is not germane to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question then recurred on Mr. Hooper's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That section one hundred and sixteen be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: That there shall be levied,col-
lected, and paid annually upon the annual gains, profits,
and income of every person residing in the United States,
or of any citizcn of the United States residing abroad,
whether derived from any kind of property, rents, inter-
ests, dividends, or salaries, or ftom any profession, trade,
employment, or vocation, carried on in the United States
or elsewhere, or from any other souice whatever, a duty
of five per-cent, on the excess over $600 and not exceeding
$3,000, and a duty of ten per cent, on the excess over
$3,000. And the duty herein provided forshall be assessed,
collected, and paid upon the gains, profits, and income for
the year ending the 31st day of December next preceding
the time for levying, collecting, and paying said duty :
Pto titled, That incouio derived from interest upon notes,
bonds, and other securities of the United States shall be
included in estimating incomes under this section, and
shall also include all premiums on gold or coupons: Pro-
vided, fin ther, That only one deduction of §600 shall be
made from the aggregate incomesof all the members of any
family, composed of parents and minor children, or hus-
band and wife, except in cases where such separate in-
come shall be derived from the separate and individual es-
tate, gains, or labor of the wife or child: And provided,
further, That net profits realized by sales of real estate pur-
chased since January 1, 1864, shall be chargeable as in-
come, and losses on sales of real estate purchased since
January 1, 1S64, and sold with lit the year for which in-
come is estimated, shall be deducted fiom the income of
such year.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words " estate" and " wife or" and
inserting " such;" so that it will read:
Except in cases where such separate income shall be de-
rived from the separate and individual gains or labor of
such child.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to modify his amendment by
striking out all after the word " wife" in the six
hundred and thirty-fourth line and inserting the
word "such" in the six hundred and thirty-sixth
line; so that it will read:
That only one deduction of $600 shall.bemade from the
aggregate incomes of all the members of any family, com-
posed of parents and minor children, or husband and wife.
Mr. BROOMALL. I modify my amendment
in that way. My object is to prevent frauds upon
the revenue. It will prevent a man of wealth from
dividing up his property among his wife and
children so as to exempt $600 for his wife and
$6U0 for each child. What I want is to leave the
law as it now stands, so as to let one family, com-
posed of wife and minor children, have only one
^G00 exempt from taxation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add the following:
And in ascertaining the income of any person liable to
the income tax the amount of income received from insti-
tutions whose officers, as required by law, withhold a per
cent, of the dividends made by such institutions and pay
the same to the Commissioner of the Intei rial Revenue, or
other officer authorized to receive the same, shall be in-
cluded, and the amount so withheld shall be deducted from
the tax which otherwise would be assessed upon such
person.
The object of the amendment is to prevent per-
sons whose incomes are derived from dividends
upon bank, railway, and other stocks, from escap-
ing the ten per cent, tax upon the excess over
$3,000. That is the sole object of the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I see no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out in line
six hundred and twenty-one " three" and insert
"five;" and in line six hundred and twenty-three
strike out " three" and insert " five;" so that it
will read:
That there shall be levied, collected, and paid annually
upon the annual gains, profits, and income of every peison
residing in the United States, or of any citizen ofthe United
States residing abioad, whether derived from any kind of
property, rents, interests, dividends, or salaries, or from
any profession, trade, employment, or vocation, carried on
in the United States or chewhere, or from any oth^r soiKce I
whatever, a duty of five per cent, on the excess over $600
and not exceeding $5,000, and a duty of ten per cent, on
the excess over $5,000.
I propose this amendment to the bill because t
think the ten per cent, tax should not be placed
upon incomes of $3,000, nor upon any incomes
less than $5,000. Three thousand dollars in
greenbacks is not so heavy an income as to meet
with such a visitation from this House. I do not
think many families can live upon an income of
that size, and no reason can occur to my friend
why it should be taxed to the extent it is pro-
posed by this bill. I think five per cent, is ample
upon incomes exceeding $600 and not Exceeding
$5,000.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, or rather to
offer one that covers and extends beyond that of
the gentleman from Kentucky. It is as follows:
Amend in line six hundred and twenty-one by striking out
"sixhundred"and inserting "one thousand;" in line six
hundred and twenty-three strike out " three" and Insert
" five," and add alter the woid " dollars" in line six hun-
dred and twenty-three " and a duty of fifteen per cent, on
the cxceess over $5,000 and under $10,000, and a duty of
twenty per ccnt. on the excess over $-20,000 "
Amend line six hundred and thirty-one by striking out
the word "six" and inserting " one thousand."
] am in hopes thisamendment will be made. It
coversihe amendmentof the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and goes stili further. It proposes fiist to
strike out the $600 exemption clause, and make
it $1,000. That is a just exemption, considering
the expenses of living. Then the increase pro-
posed by the gentleman from Kentucky com-
mencees at $5,000 and ends at $10,000. Mine is
extended to fifteen per cent, on incomes over
$15,000 and twenty per cent, on those of $20,000
and over.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it appears to me that this
is but just in the present condition of our coun-
try. We must in some degree relieve the poor
men of the country from the heavy burden of
taxation which rests upon them. The few who
have these large incomes arc better able to con-
tribute to the necessities of the Government than
any other class. The men with incomes of $15,000
and upward can better.afford to pay fifteen or
twenty per cent, on that income than the poor
man can upon his $1,000 or $1,500. There is a
class of individuals who are not being reached as
thoroughly by the taxation which we are now-
levying upon the people of the country as they
should be.
I know the eastern men tell us they tax their
manufacturers. How do they tax their manufac-
turers? They put an additional price upon man-
ufactured commodities; but who pays it? The
consumer. Threy tell us they tax their railroads.
How do they tax them? Why, sir, for every
dollar of additional taxation we put upon the rail-
roads of the country the companies are remune-
rated by charges made upon the people. The
merchants of the West pay it upon the transpor-
tation of theirgoods from the East; and the farmer
of the West pays it in the additional charges im-
posed upon the transportation of his produce to
the East. Now I ask gentlemen upon this floor
who represent the agiicultural interests of the
country to say whether it is not time we should
reach the capital of the country and relievo in
some degree the agriculture of the country from
the onerous burdens of taxation which is being
fastened upon them. I trust this amendment, so
seasonable, so just in its character, will commend
itself to the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate upon
this paragraph.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for tellers upon tha
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg of
New York and Dawson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-eight, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair Mr. Pomeroy reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 744) to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the publie debt, and for
other purposes," approved J ne30P }6^4,and hau
corns to no resolution thereon.
