888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock p.m.
COMPENSATION FOR ENLISTED SLAVES.
Mr. GRIDER asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested, if not inconsistent with the public in-
tereft, to"communicate to the IIou«e why comnusMoneis
have not been appointed by the Sccictury of War, accoid-
iii£ to the pioviMons of a bill approved July, 1854, provid-
ing lor tiic valuation of slaves enlisted m the United States
Auny in the States of Kentucky and Missouri.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
PORT OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. O'NEILL, ofPennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, called up from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 410, being "An net to enlaige the port
of entry and delivery for the district of Philadel-
phia."
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVANCES BY "WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unani-
mous consent, presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of West Vngmia asking to be
reimbursed for certain moneys advanced by her
in the prosecution of the war; winch were or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,'
its Clerk, informed the House that the Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House to joint
resolution (S. R. No. 42) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint, and
for the completion of said road.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 143)
to facilitate the adjustment of certain accounts of
the American Colonization Society for the sup-
port of recaptured Africans in Liberia; when the
Speaker signed the same.
DISTRICT JUDGE OF KANSAS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back a
bill to mciease the salary of the district judge for
the district of Kansas, with a recommendation
that the bill do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary reported back
House hill No. 754, to repeal the act entitled "An
act relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain cases," with a recom-
mendation that the hill do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
DISTRICT JUDGE OF INDIANA.
Mr. "WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
House bill No. 737, to increase the salary of the
judge of the United States district court for the
district of Indiana, with a recommendation that
the bill do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
BANK COLLECTIONS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
* House bill No. G29, to authorize banking institu-
tions to close their institutions on certain days
named, and to make all notes or other negoti-
able monuments under the laws of the United
States, falling due on those days, payable on the
preceding secular day respectively, witha recom-
mendation that .the bill do not pass.
The bill way laid on the table.
JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
House bill No. 665, to provide compensation of
the justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and the payment of their traveling ex-
penses, with a recommendation that the bill do
not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
WILLIAM CORNELL JEWETT.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, asked that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of William Cornell Jewett,
praying that the consideration of the amendment
to the Constitution be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT OF CONTRACTS.
Mr. WILSON also, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, leported adversely upon the me-
moiial of Jesse Baldwin, of Mahoning county,
Ohio, asking.Congress to pass an act declaring
that all just, legal, and equitable contracts shall
be enforced according to the plain legal meaning
of the words employed therein.
DISTRICT JUDGE OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. WILSON also, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported adversely on the memorial
of 0. P. Temple, and others, of East Tennessee,
praying an increase of the salary of the district
judge of Tennessee.
MARRIAGES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Judiciary, bill
H. R. No. 735 in relation to marriages in the
District of Columbia, and moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill was
read at length.
It provides for the repeal, as to the District of
Columbia, of the ninth section of an act concern-
ing marriages, passqfl by the Legislature of Mary-
land in 1777, and found in Dorsey's Laws of that
State, volume one, page 133, which section was
extended to the District of Columbia by the act of
Congress of February 27, 1801.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to inquire, what
are the provisions of the section which it is pro-
posed to repeal ?
Mr. WILSON. That section provides that if
any clergyman shall solemnize the rites of mar-
liage between minors he shall be subjected to a
penalty by fine or imprisonment, or both, as the
court may determine; and this notwithstanding
a license may have been issued authorizing the
solemnization of the marriage. This bill proposes
simply to repeal that penalty, so that if a marriage
should be solemnized in pursuance of a license
issued by the proper authority, the minister shall
not be liable to punishment if the parties be minors.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 have no objection to that.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and being engrossed, itwas accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Messrs. O'NEILL, of Ohio, MIDDLETON,
and HOLMAN, asked and obtained leave of
absence.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask leave of ab-
sence for the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Spalding,
for this evening. He informed me, when he left
the Hall this afternoon, that he was quite unwell.
Leave was granted.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask leave of absence for a
few days for my colleague, Mr. Johnson.
Leave was gianted.
JOHN FAUST.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
adversely upon the application of John Faust for
a pension.
SALE OF NEGROES AS SUBSTITUTES,
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was lead, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire if the colored men charged
with felony m Uiujail of c-aid District have, by the keeper
or oflkoitj of taul j.ul, been sold tofcubstitutc brokeis ; how
many have been sold, if any; at what puce; and who re-
ceived the money.
REMOVAL OF ST. LOUIS ARSENAL.
Mr. KNOX. I move that Senate bill No. 402,
an act to repeal an act entitled " An act to remove
the United States arsenal from the city of St.
Louis, and to provide for the sale of the lands on
which the same is located," be taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PREEMPTION AND HOMESTEAD RIGHTS.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee on Public Lands hill
H. R. No. <304, entitled 41 An act to prevent de-
serters and others therein named from acquning
public lands under the preemption and homestead
laws."
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
LAKE SUPERIOR SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Public Lands
House bill No. 745, making a grant of alternate
sections of public land to the Siate of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a breakwater and
harbor on Lake Superior by means of a ship-
canal to connect Lake Superior with Lake Portage
on the upper peninsula of said State, m order that
it may be printed and recommitted.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 object unless it
is agreed that the bill is not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. DRIGGS. if I cannot explain the bill
satisfactorily to the gentleman I will agree to that.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Unless we have
that understanding I must object.
Mr. DRIGGS. Well, then, I agree to that
undeistandmg.
The bill and substitute were received and re-
committed, and the substitute was ordered to be
printed.
SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE.
The SPEAKER stated that he would not be
present during the entne evening, and if there
were no objection he would appoint Mr. Ashley
of Ohio as Speaker pro tempore, to receive the re-
port of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
There was no objection.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I am not
well, and I ask, by unanimous consent, that leave
of absence be granted to me for this evening.
There was no objection; and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Speaker, I have not felt
so well for three months as I feel this evening,
and I would like to go off to enjoy my a:ood health.
1 therefore ask for leaveof absence. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the siate of theUnion,
(Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the amendment moved by Mi. Ganson.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to stiike out the fol-
lowing woids:
And th«'re shall also be deducted the income derived
from dividend:- on shares in the capital Mock oi any bank,
tiu-t company, savin::- uMitution, instance, nutioad,
canal, tin n pi lie, canal navigation, or -lack-water company,
and the inte <*i?t on any bond- oi other evidence-- of mdfbJ-
fdiie—of any Mich eoiporauon or company, whit'ti -hall
havo been a^e^ed and the tax paid, as heieinalter pro-
vided.
That Ls lendeicd necessary by an amendment
to the preceding paiagraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TJOLMAN. I move to add the following:
JJtui pro tided further, That salaries ofntHcoih of the Aimy
under the urade of majm, wlnlo such ofi'ieei.-- aie tn actual
service m the field, shall not be subject to an income tax.
Mr. Chairman, it will be observed that this only
