840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
edies that. It declares that this stamp may be
affixed, where there has been a neglect to affix it
at the time, at any time upon the payment of the
prescribed penalty, which penalty is sufficient to
deter persons from designedly omitting it. The
penalty under the British statute is .£10. I have
made it in my amendment a corresponding sum,
or nearly so—fifty dollars.
There is a further provision in the British stat-
ute that where the omission has been merely an
oversight, or an inadvertent omission, the parties
interested in the instrument may take it to a rev-
enue officer and have the stamp affixed without
payment of .the penalty, upon payment of the
stamp duty, provided it is done within twelve
months after the making or issuing of the instru-
ment.
It seems to me, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that
while, on the one hand, the interests of the Gov-
ernment are amply protected, we shall, on the
other hand, get rid of that chronic absurdity of
passing every year a remedial act which pro-
claims the absurdity of previous years'legisla-
tion. There is in this paragraph, which my
amendment is intended to supersede, such a re-
medial act—a clause declaring that all deeds and
instruments of every nature, heretofore made and
not stamped, may be rendered valid by being
stamped now. If it is right to do that, 1 should
like the Committee of Ways and Means to tell
me why it is not right to make some permanent
provision that will save the necessity of this an-
11 ual remedial legislation, some permanent remedy
that will guard the people against frauds in design-
ing and dishonest persons, while at the same
time it will protect the Treasury against the vio-
lation of the stamp act.
Several instances have come to my own knowl-
edge of the unjust operation of the law as it is; and
let me say to the committee that what I offer is not
an experimental proposition, but it is a proposition
copied from the English law on this subject, which
has been in force in that country for fifteen years,
and which has been proved by experience to be
both wise and beneficent.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Chairman, I was not
able, by listening to the amendment, to understand
it entirely. If it can be printed I should prefer
that its consideration be postponed. Perhaps it
may be passed over for the present.
Mr. MORRILL. The publication of the Globe
is behind time, so that the amendment might not
appear in it till we have got through the bill.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I can only say, Mr. Chair-
man, that I am indisposed to the adoption of so
voluminous an amendment, involving, as I under-
stand, a pretty radical change of policy, on a sug-
gestion made under such circumstances as exist
at the time when this proposition is made. It
should be understood that, however it may have
worked in England, if you mean in this coun-
try to have the stamp act operative so as to pro-
duce a revenue, there must be a constant force ap-
plied to every person who is by law required to
use stamps. 1 understand one effect of the pro-
posed amendment to be this, that persons dealing
together, having confidence in each other, receiv-
ing, for example, promissory notes from each
other, may neglect the use of stamps; and if it
happen, by the death of one party or by their fall-
ing out, that it becomes necessary to enforce the
payment of those notes in court, they can then
have the notes stamped and presented. They
might go on for years using promissory notes
without ever affixing stamps to them.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, they are only to be
stamped on payment of the penalty of fifty dol-
lars.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If that be so, of course
that is in a certain sense a protection to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. THAYER. And then only stamped by
a revenue officer who, according to the provision,
is to make a minute on the margin showing the
payment of the penalty.
Mr. BOUTWELL. But that does not obviate
the difficulty that I suggest, that through years
friends may use promissory notes, for example,
without affixing stamps; and when the exigency
comes they may go to the collector, pay the pen-
alty, and have the notes stamped. The object
of the Government and the necessity of the Gov-
ernmentin reference to the stamp act is that there
shall be a constant pressing necessity on every
man to use stamps; and I fear that the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] will work a laxity in that
particular which will be in jurious to the revenue.
I for one shall be opposed to the amendmentcer-
tainly, unless we can have time to consider it more
than at present
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman state why
these difficulties have not been developed through
an experience of fifteen years in England, where
this provision, precisely as incorporated in my
amendment, has been enforced ?
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] if the payment
of fifty dollars will cure the defect after the expi-
ration of a twelvemonth?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
The question was taken upon the amendment of
Mr. Thayer,and resulted—ayes 45,noes 33.
Not a quorum voting,
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Thayer and Morrill were appointed
to act as tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words " and such instrument, docu-
ment, or paper, bill, draft, order, or note," in
line eight hundred, the words "except instru-
ments for the conveyance of lands and tenements."
I only submit this proposition for the purpose of
inviting attention to the question of how far it is
within the power of Congress to determine in
what manner and subject to what restrictions and
limitations citizens shall be allowed to transfer
lands. I think it is one of the gravest questions
that ever forced itself upon the consideration of
Congress. And, so far as 1 am informed, the
courts before which this question has come have
uniformly decided that Congress does not pos-
sess the power to regulate this matter, but that it
is for the States themselves to determine in what
mode the title to the lands within their respective
limits shall pass; that it is not for Congress to
say that an instrument not in a certain form shall
be null and void. This is an assumption of very
great power, and, to say the least, of very doubt-
ful power; and for one, following the lead of the
judicial tribunals of the country, I am in favor of
creating an exemption, and limiting the exercise
of this power to instruments that do not directly
impair or interfere with the exercise of the legal
sovereignty of the State.
Mr. THAYER. I think it will be rery un-
wise to make any such exception as that pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man.] I do not see why instruments for the
conveyance of that species of property, of all
others, should be exempted from the payment of
tax duties. I suppose those instruments would be
one of the most prolific sources of stamp duty.
Why they should be exempted from this tax 1
cannotconceive, particularly in view of the modi-
fication which has just been adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would state to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] that 1
am not calling in question the policy of imposing
this tax by the Government if it can be properly
done. The question is whether the Government
of the United States may so far regulate the con-
veyance of lands within the limits of a State as to
declare that to be null and void which according
to the laws of the State is valid. Shall lhat be
declared null and void even to the extent of affect-
ing the validity of the title under that instrument?
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] questions the right of the Govern-
ment to make any stamp law at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir. I say that you may
impose any penalty you think fit; but do not say
that in this particular mode alone shall land be
conveyed, and in no other. If the judicial tri-
bunals of the country that have spoken out upon
this question can be relied on, you cannot defeat
the validity of titles in this way. I do not know
a single instance where this question has arisen
that it has been held that the title is not valid. I
know of a number of instances where the courts
have held that this mode of rendering an instru-
ment null and void, for the want of stamps upon
it, is interfering with the rights of the States.
The question was upon the amendment of Mr.
holmak.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Holman and Thayer were appointed
to act as tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I propose an amendment
which is absolutely necessary to make the sec-
tion consistent with the amendment justadopted.
It is to strike out in line seven hundred and
ninety-eight the words " two hundred" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word " fifty."
The amendment v/as agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by adding
at the end of line eight hundred and forty-seven
the following words:
And by inserting in the proviso after the words " imported
articles" the words " except lucifer or friction matches,
cigar lights, and wax tapers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line eight hundred and seventy-six the
following:
That section one hundred and seventy-one be amended
by inserting before the words " refined coal-oil" the words
"crude petroleum or rock-oil" and after the words "alt
descriptions" by inserting the words " quicksilver, lucifer
or friction matches, cigar Jiglits, and wax tapers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HERRICK. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after the amendment just adopted, the fol-
lowing:
That schedule B, preceding section one hundred and.
seventy-one be further amended by striking out the word
" lease" in the proviso in the clause taxing mortgages, Stc.^
and also by adding to said proviso the following:
provided further, That upon each and every assign-
ment of any lease, a stamp duty shall be required and paid
equal to that imposed on the ongmal instrument increased
by a stamp duty on the consideration or value of the assign^
ment equal to that imposed upon a conveyance of land for
similar consideration or value.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by adding
afterline six,of section three, the following words:
And this section shall take effect from and after the pas-
sage of this act, anything herein contained to the contrary
notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "pound" in line six, of section
three, the words 14 payable in coin."
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that this amendment
will not prevail. I had intended to move to amend
by striking out in line eight the words <$ payable
in coin.'* It is proposed that we shall now re-
new and perpetuate the error, which,as I think,
the country is convinced was committed when
we made our customs and the interest on our
public debt payable in coin. I think that we
ought not by any act of ours to depreciate further
the currency. 1 hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out " pay-
able in gold until specie payment is resumed."
Mr. Chairman, i am happy to agree with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
the chairman of the fommittee of Ways and
Means, in the remarks which he has made. We
have pledged, so far as the faith of the Govern-
ment is concerned, the payment of duties in gold.
Here is a new pledge to tax the whole country to
make everything payable in coin to those who
have loaned money to the country. We have
gone far enough in that direction—quite too far,
in my judgment—and it is time to stop. The
effect will be to aggravate the speculation in gold,
because there would be an increased demand for
gold; of course there would be increased specu-
lation,and we would have still more the evil com-
plained to exist so much in the gold markets of
New York.
This is the beginning of a new policy which I do
notthink that this House will sanction. The hon-
orable gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
will undoubtedly tell us, in order to produce ef-
fect, that the tax is to come from the cotton grow-
ers, and that we of the North cannot raise cotton.
That I suppose will be his argument. But, sir,
in fact it will come from the consumers of cotton
goods, the wearers of cotton goods of all kinds
The Consumers, in the end, are the persons who
