.74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
.and the Union of these States. No man can say
that either of them is friendly to the rebellion.
They have both, publicly and privately, on all
occasions denounced the rebellion, and tiicy have
by the most gallant achievements in the field
shown that they are devoted to the flag find to the
Union. That such men as these should be seized
and imprisoned without warrant and without trial
is a disgrace to the American people. That Lieu-
tenant Governor Jacobs should be thus arrested
and taken away and imprisoned, so that none of
his friends in the State know where he is, is cer-
tainly disgraceful to those who have thus treated
him. We desire to know by whose authority
these gentlemen were arrested; we desire to know
the offenses laid to their charge; and we desire
further, and 1 know that these two noble and gal-
lant soldiers desire, if they have committed any
offense, to be brought face to face with their ac-
cusers and to be allowed to answer the charges
against them. All that their friends ask for them
.is that before they shall be deprived of then- liberty
they shall know the cause, and that they shall
be brought before some legally-constituted tribu-
nal and there tried in the manner prescribed by
the Constitution and laws of then1 country. There
is no man in America, I trust, who desires that
these citizens shall languish in prison if they are
innocent; and on the other hand, if they have vio-
lated any law of'the land, there is none who de-
sires them to be free from that punishment which
the law inflicts, provided it be inflicted in a law-
ful manner.
I am amazed that the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] objects to the taking up of
this resolution. There is certainly nothing m it
to which a man who loves civil liberty should ob-
ject. Why is it that you desire that citizens of
their position and standing, who have shed their
blood on many battle-fields in this strife under
the Union flag, should be deprived of their lib-
erty and their rights, and one of them taken
whither his friends know not? Why do you
desire that the President, the Commander-in-Ch lef
of the Army, should not ans-wer.such a resolution
as this, and say to the Senate whoie they are and
for what they have been arrested?
I say again that I am amazed that the Senator
from Massachusetts, or any other Senutoi, should
object to the passage of this resolution. 1 hope-
it may be passed, as it certainly ought to be. The
Senate owes it to itself to pass the lesolution, and
let the President answer and give us the informa-
tion if he has it. It may be, and I believe the
fact is, that some of the subordinates of the Pres-
ident have done this thing, perhaps without his
knowledge or connivance, if so, let the matter
be investigated, and let those guilty violators
of the law be punished, for whoever ai rested
these gentlemen and ueuted them in this way
isceitainly a guilty violutui of the Uws of the
land.
It was not my purpose to Kay a woid on this
subject, arid 1 should nut have .s.tid .my: lnii^ now
if it had not been for the indication which was
manifested to give the resolution the ^o-by, and
not allow it to be passed.
Mr. WILSON. 1 assure the Senator fium
' Kentucky that 1 have no objection to acting on
his resolution, other than this: we have now pend-
ing befoie us what 1 regard as a very impoitant
bill, to make fiee the wives and children of the
soldiers of the Republic; and 1 do not wiah to
displace that bill, which is the order of the day,
by taking up tins lesolution, which may as well
be taken up at any other time. That is the rea-
son why I made the objection. Now, howevei,
as the Senator has made his motion, mid it is be-
fore us, I am ready and willing to take the vote
on the resolution; but I propose first to amend it
by inserting after the word " Senate" the words,
" if in his judgment not incompatible with the
public interest."- 1 have no doubt that the Pres-
ident will be disposed to regard the request of the
Senate; but it may be that the public interest may
require that ail the facts ahould not go to the coun-
try. If the resolution be taken up and amended
in this way, I shall have no objection to its pas-
sage.
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the prior orders and proceeding
to the consideration of the resolution indicated by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection, let
the order of the day be passetd over informally to
take action on the resolution.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to do that; I do
not wish to displace the order of the day; and I
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, if I am
at liberty to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays were ordered by the Senate; the order may be
withdrawn by unanimous consent. [" Agreed !"]
The call is withdrawn. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate on the motion now before it
more than a moment; but I must confess that I
see no necessity for the passage of the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky. What
would he have us do? Does he propose to con-
vert the Senate into a sort of inquisition to use it§
power in the enforcement of inquiries into mat-
ters which pertain, I may say exclusively, to the
Executive? Does he intend to use the power of
this body to make inquiry into the nature of crim-
inal prosecutions that have been instituted or that
may hereafter be instituted against persons of-
fending against the military laws of the United
States, or against persons who are in league with
the enemy, against spies or any other class of
public enemies?
It seems to me that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky may very properly take it for granted
that there must be some prima facie evidence of
criminality against these gentlemen whose names
appear in his resolution. He can, I think, with-
out any extraordinary stretch of his charity,
believe that the military authorities who have
occasioned these arrests have proceeded upon
reasonable and sufficient grounds. He cannot pre-
sume, as it appears to me, although he seems so
to presume, thattheseanestsaiecntirely without
cause, flagrant and wanton. And, sir, I object
to the taking up of such a resolution as this, for
the very reason that it is expending the time of
the Senate upon a subject-matter in which we can
do nothing, and in reference to which 1 do not
understand that the Senator from Kentucky has
offeiod any bill, or is preparing to bring in any
mejHuto of legislation to remedy the evil of winch
he complains, i move, Mr. President, if it be in
Older, to lay the whole subject on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fosnsmn
the chair.) The Chair would suggest that there
is nothing now to lay on the table, th£ motion
being to take up the resolution. The resolution
itself is not yet before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, a gentleman
who conies here accredited from the State of Ken-
tucky as the representative of that State, rises in
his place and says that two eminent men of that
State have been artosted, he knows not by whom,
he knows not for wh;U purpose they were arrest-
ed, and he knows not whither they have been
i.ikeu; and as a representative of that State he
a des the Senate of the United States to institute
mi inquiry shut i< may be learned by the people
of that State what disposition has been made of
them. Now I .say, sir, that it is the right and the
duty of this Senate to give to the Senator from
Kentucky the answer that he demands. Weare
not going to institute judicial proceedings, as the
Si natoruom Michigan seems to indicate; weare
not going to pursue any illegitimate or improper
inquiry. The Senator from Kentucky represent-
ing his State says that two men in that State have
been arrested, and he knows not for what they
have been arrested. He says that they have been
spirited away, and he knows not whither they
have been carried. Is it not our duty to make
some inquiry in icgard to aquestion of thatkind?
Arc we going to be entirely indifferent to the lib-
erties of the people of this country? J am not
s'mt here, Mr. President, for the purpose of sit-
ting with my arms folded in silence and in quiet,
and giving no vote in favor of an mquii y of this
kind. I have nodoubt that when the inquiry shall
; be pursued properly there will be a perfect vin-
| dication of the officers of the Government; I have
| no sort of question that these men were properly
arrested, and after the statements that have been
made here by the Senator from Kentucky, 1 am
anxious that his lesolution shall be adopted m
; order that they may be thoroughly vindicated,
I and I am satisfied that the inquiry will vindicate
i them; but if it be otherwise, if these men have
been improperly arrested, then it is the duty of
the Senate to say so, and to put its seal of repro-
bation upon those who have thus improperly ar-
rested them.
Mr. President, I trust that this Senate is not
going to sitquietly by and, when charges are made
here by a Senator representing a State, of arbi-
trary conduct on the part of any of the officers of
this'Government, refuse to make any inquiry be-
cause it is claimed that to do so would be a pro-
ceeding of a quasi judicial character. It is one of
the prerogatives of this body to protect the liber-
ties of the people of the States and the rights and
interests of the States themselves.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am well ac-
quainted with both of the gentlemen who have
been arrested: they are both strictly and eminently
loyal to the country and to the Government; they
both'have commanded regiments in the service of
the United States in the war to put down this re-
bellion, and Colonel Wolford served out the term
of three years. In the course of his service he
has been in upward of three hundred battles and
skirmishes; he has leceived six wounds. He
has by his command, the first Kentucky regi-
ment of cavalry, captuied more prisoners than
any other command of the same strength in the
war. tie has rendered more service, and success-
ful service, in enlisting soldiers in the Union Army
than any man in the State of Kentucky, or, I be-
lieve, in the United States. There is no man more
firm or unyielding in his support of the war, or in
his opposition to and determination to put down
this rebellion, than Colonel Wolfoid. I am at a
loss myself to know where he is. 1 met with a
gentleman who was with him in the car between
Lexington and Covington, after his arrest, and
when he was taken on in the custody of soldiers.
He was not allowed to communicate with coun-
sel; he was not allowed to communicate with a
friend; he was not allowed to interchange a soli-
tary word with any individual upon the car. I
have beert informed since that he is in utter igno-
rance of the cause of his last arrest, and that there
have been no charges or complaints of offense or
crime made or filed against him to justify that ar-
rest. When he was arrested, he had been elected
an elector for the State of Kentucky, for theState
at large, in the presidential election. He was
anested without charge, without offense, much
less without warrantor process.dragged forcibly
from his residence, depi ived of the opportunity of
performing his legal office as an elector of the State
of Kentucky, in casting the vote of that State; car-
ried into imprisonment, where he isnow secretly
held, and no man, as far as 1 can learn, has been
informed of any charge of any offense against the
laws or against military rule or military orders
that he has committed.
Now, sir, in relation to Colonel Jacobs: he
raised a regiment of mounted men and served
twelve months in the war. Both of them have
served out their time and have received honor-
able discharges. Colonel Jacobs was in many
battles; he was wounded two or three times; lus
blood flowed m this cause to support the author-
ity of the Government of the United States. In
addition to holding the office of colonel and dis-
charging its duties with signal courage and abil-
ity on the battle-field, he also held the civil office
of LieutcnantGovernor of that State, and as such
he presides over the Senate of the State of Ken-
tucky. That Legislatuie is toconvcneon the first
Wednesday in January. As my colleague has
well remarked, this man was arrested under the
same circumstances that Colonel Wolford was.
He was dragged fiom his residence, he was de-
nied all communication with friends or counsel
or countrymen, and has been spirited away, and
now is, nobody m Kentucky knows where.
That men of the character of these two gentle-
men, hoidmg their official positions, faithful _and
true to the Government and to the war, and who'
j have rendered such signal and eminent service in
the war, should be arrested under such circum-
stances, is one of the strangest among the strange
features of this strange day; and, sir, when then-
case is brought befoio the Senate of the United
States by resolution, in the terms offered by my
colleague, simply asking of the Executive forin-
formation in relation to their arrest, by whose
authority it was made, the charges or offenses that
they had committed, their whereabouts at this
time, that the Senate should pause an instant in
