1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
But, Mr. President, I was about to Ray with
reference to the honorable member from Michi-
gan, as weii as to the one«from Wisconsin, that
information of that son is necessary in order to
satisfy the Senate whether it i« not important, if
the laws as they ore now upon the statute-book aie
not sufficient to meet the exigency, to provide for
it by farther legislation. We cannot know what
the mischiefs aie in any other way as authorita-
tively as we may know it when the Presidential!
send an answer to a resolution of this description.
Suppose the President suites a wholly unjustifiable
cause fur keeping these parties in prison, will it
not be the duty of the Congress of the United
States, the Senate being a component part of the
legislative department, to passu law to cover such
cases in the future? And if t.he President—I men-
tion it by way ofsnpposition, hy pothet.cnlly, with
no idea that the Piesid«'nt will over be Kuiity of
an offense of that description—if the President
shall think proper to violate such a law, then the
Constitution furmshesa mode by which the peo-
ple of the Uniti d States can ledrexs the wron<x—
impeachment, trial, conviction, and dismissal from
office.
Mr. Pre sklent, it is very stmnge that at this
time of day, after we have been, up to the begin-
ning of this rebellion, the freest people upon the
face of God's earthj pi elected by every guarantee
deemed at ail material to secure individual libei ty,
we should be seriously disputing whether it is in
the power of the Executive of the United States,
or anybody professing to act under the authority
of the United States, to seize a citizen,and incai-
cerate hm\,ai;d punish him withouttii.d. Why,
sir, if such a doctrine was announced in th" House
of Commons, in England, or in the llotue of
Loids, it would sti ike with dismay and astonish-
ment the men who are entitled to the pm lieges
and the rights of Magna Chaita; and our rights
are just as extensive, if not more extensive. Let
us then say to the Piesident, if it be necessary to
say it to him, but above ail, let us say it to those
who are acting in subordinate capacities under
him, " Your ai ms shall not be laid upon a single
American citizen without cause, and he shuli be
at liberty, if you assign a cause, to prove its false-
hood. "
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now take a
Vote on this question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques'ion
is on the motion to postpone the order of the day
for the purpose of taking up the resolution which
has been indicated.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thtity, noes
not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theie ts an
amendment offered by the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] which is the pending
question, tu msett after the word "Senate" the
words "if not in his opinion incompatible with
the public interest;" so that the resolution will
then read:
Rc&olccd, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, it not in his opinion incompatible Willi
tin; public int< re<t, a!! mfoi mution in In* po-,_.e-=-uon bear-
ing on !!'<> ,i!re^t and imprisonment of Colonel Richard 'J'.
Jacob • , Lieutenant Governor of the State of Kentucky, and
Coiont ! Frank YVollo'd, one of the presidential e!eeiot-,of
that St;u<*; p.irtioularlj by vvho-o oider they weie atie-aed
and unp'..,oiied, when; they are at pie^rii confined, and
what oth'nses are charged against them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 618) to amend the act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June 30,
18G-1, was lead twice by its title, and leferied to
the Committee ou Finance.
COMMITTEE SERVICE!.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced the
following appointments to supply vacancies in
committees:
Mr. Dixojt as chairman of the Committee on the
Districtof Columbia; and Mr. Hale to fill the va-
cancy in the Committee on the Judiciary.
MANUFACTURE OF BTJKTIJfG.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I rise to sub-
mit a motion, but before doing so I ask leave to
read an extiact fiom the report of the Secretary
of the Navy:
" The chief of the Bureau of Navigation submits the
i u<nal leporia of thoN.ival Observatory, Nautical Almanac
j office, and the germia.! adrmnitinuou of his department.
| Nearly ail the nautical instruments used in the Navy,
I winch, prior to the war, were ptoeurcd abioad. are now of
i American manufactuie, not < Needing ch.onomcters and
j comparing %vit<:he<. The "-nine gt at: lying advance cannot
! be stated with reieience toinatenal :or flag*. vve Ptill
[ s«aii tinder loiei^n binning. Notwithstanding the large
quantity us-ed by the Army, the Navy, and the commercial
marine, bcaiceiyanj prostes*. has been had in inducing
Ametican establishments to undertake its rnanulaetme."
My motion is that so much of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy as relates to sailing under
foreign bunting, and so much of the President's
message and us accompanying reports as relate
to the manufactures of the country, be referred to
the Senate committee on that subject.
Americannationnlity, it will be observed, is rec-
ognized and defended under a banner the mate-
rials of which are fashioned by the skill and labor
of a people who are oui only rivals, and whose
Government, participating in the doubtful honor
wiih one othei, is believed to be our greatest and
mo?-Ldnngnous em-my.
3)0 that belief well or insufficiently grounded,
I concur with the views expressed by the Secre-
tary, and I partake of hisfeelingof dissatisfaction
iri the failure to induce Ameucein citizens to pro-
duce mateiials for the manufacture of the flag of
our country.
This sentiment cannot but animate the breast
of every Senator it must have a place in the
heart of every American, whether boin upon its
soil or naturalized into its interests.
Should not the hope be coupled with a resolu*
lion that when the next annual report shall be
presenttd to the country our flag will be wt ought
into its beautiful proportions upon American soil,
by heads and hand"? which are true to the great
principles it represents, true to the heroic dead,
and to the biave heroes now banded under its
folds, and true to the soil, every foot of which,
God helping, 'will soon acknowledge its original
sway?
It has become far dearer, far more sacred to
loyal hearts, by the great deeds and greater sac-
rifices winch have been offered up under it at the
shiine of democratic liberty and republican gov-
ernment. Let it come to us free, free from even
the atmospheric contact of a people not pledged
to progiess and a bettei civilization; a people not
yet freed from dccayed aristocracies or modem
despotism. I disclaim all sentiment, yet I do not
believe but that our victories will be more tuum-
phant, our peace more permanent, if everv fiber
of our flag,is handled in its consti uetion by brave
men and fur women, whose prayeis will ascend
to a just God to defend n; and while it rests m
their hands it may gather some of the strength,
resolution, and ^"votion of a gieat people, which
when it must ht EUu the hour of strife may better
inspire its defenders to braver do<.dsund stronger
resolutions in support of the greatest of human
struggh s.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order of
reference will be made if there be no objection.
MESSAGE FRO51 THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheiison, us Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
35tf) to establish the grade of vice admiral in the
United States Navy.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 622) to amend an
act entitled "An act to mcoi porate the Metropoli-
tan Raihoad Company in the District of Colum-
bia," appiovtd July 1, 1864; in winch the con-
cuirence of the Sttiate was requested.
The message furtherannounced that the House
non-concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (II. R, No. 5J) to establish a Bureau
of Fieedmen Affairs, asked a conference with the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of tho two Houses,
and had appointed Mr. Tiiom *.s D. Kt iot of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. William D Kelley of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. Warren P. Noble of Ohio,
managers on its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. '
The message, also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled bill (EI. R. No. 3d0) for the relief of
George W. Murray; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
FREEDOM TO SOUHEBS* FAMILIES.
Mr. WILSON, i now move to proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution whicjirwas
the special order of the day. . \
The motion was agreed to; ami the Serrate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. fti Nol 82) to
encourage enlistments and. to promote the, effi-
ciency of the military forces of the United States>
the pending question being the motion of Mr. Da-
vis to refer the joint resolutiou to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, T would like the
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,} or
any Senator who is a lawyer, and who support®
this measure, to inform us of the clause in the
Constitution that invests Congress with the power
to pass it. I will read two or three lines of the
resolution;
Resolved, &• c , That, for the purpose of encouraging en-
listments. and promoting the cflieiunoy of the military and
naval forces oi the United States.', it iy Jieieby unacted that
the vvii'c and children, it any lie have, of any person that
has been, or may bt;, musteied into the nnlitaiy or naval
tfctvice of the Unitad state*, shall, honi and alter the pas-
sage of this act, be iorevex lice, any law, u^age, or cuatoia
whatsoever to the contraiv notwithstanding, &c.
I want to know what provision of the Consti-
tution confers on Congress the power to pass such
a measure. If my friend from Minnesota will
answer that question at the present time I will
with pleasure give way that he may, respond.
The Congress of the United States is not clothed
with plenary legislative power. The whole Gov-
ernment is a Government of delegated powers, and
Congress can pass no law whatever on any sub-
ject unless it has the power delegated to it by the
Constitution. That position no gentleman who
has any, the smallest, pretensions tolegal reading
will deny. Congress, though, has two classes of
powers.. The fust aie those which are delegated
to it by express language. They are enumerated
in the instrument, such as to lay and collect taxes,
bortow money, regulate commerce, establish a
uniform rule of bankruptcy, raise and support
armies, &c. Unless the woids of the Constitu-
tion express or irupoit a power to pass a law,
Congress has no power whatever to pass it, ex-
cept under another clause of the Constitution,
which I will read:
"Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be necessity and ptoper for cairying into#executi<>n
the foiegoing powers, and all otner powers vested by this
Constitution m the Government of the United States, or in
any department or othcci inereol."
This clause of the Constitution establishes a
large and undefined class of legislative powers,
winch by Chief Justice Marshall and other judges
of the Supreme Court and jurists generally are
tci med the incidental powers of Congress. Now,
sir, f deny that there is any express enumerated
power given by the Constitution to Congress
winch authorizes it to pass this measure, and no
Senator can pioduce a clause of the Constitution
that confers the power in terms, or by language
which imports such a power.
We are driven, then, to this conclusion: that if
Congress have the power to pass this resolution
it is under the clause winch vests Congress with
the incidental powers to pass all laws necessary
and pioper to carry those which are expressly
enumerated into execution. Does that clause vest
Congress with the power to pass this measure?
1 maintain that it does not; and why? Because
the exoicise of that power in this particular case
would be in direct conflict with express provis-
ions of the Constitution which guaranty the rights
of property to the citizen.
The'lifthamendmentof the Constitution, which ,
has been quottd countless times withm the last
.two or three yeais in this body, I will advert to
again, and will read:
Nor fhaH private property betaken foi public use with-
out jiibt conipetia .uon." «.
Now, sir, I state this principle, that where theie
is a right secured to the citizen by the express
language of the Constitution, that right cannot
be destroyed or impaired by any implication or by
anylncidental po'wer which Congress may claim
or attempt to exercise. 1 lay down that propo-
sition in accordance with the opinion of Chief
Justice Marshall in the case of McCulloch vs.
The State of Maryland. I will read ashortfpar-
agraph from that opinion:
" We admit, as all mu&t admit, that the pov/eis of the
