1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
The committee divided on the amendment of
Mr. Miller, of New York; and there were—
ayes 45, noes 40.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
-.Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Miller, of
New York, and Kerntan, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 52.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I 'move the following to come
in us a new section:
Rec. —• Jind be it further enactcd, That it shall be the
duty of the SecieUuy of the Trea-ury to let'und to the per-
pon> entitled to lecetve the same, under such regulations
as he may pte:>eribe, nil sums of money which have been
collected as a tax on the manufacture of molasses from
sorghum under the act to which this id an amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to a point of order.
That proposes to make an appropriation, and is
not germane to a lull to raise revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire,
withoutentering into any argument on this ptop-
osuion, to have read a communication from the
chairman of the committee of agriculturists en-
gaged in this department of business. It pre-
sents the case, 1 think, very faiily.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Washington, February 14,1865.
Sir : In the matter of remitting the duties collected on
the piodu'ets of sorghum cane, permit me, in behalf of the
coniinittee.s from the Ohio and the Maryland skate sSoigho
Associations, to invite youi attention to the following
points, which it is believed affoid ground for the proposed
reliet:
The law was generally understood by operators to ex-
clude pi oducts of.-orghuin and nnpliee irom duty.
The inclosed punted copy of a mling oi decision under
the law was widely published, confiimingtlus opinion.
Agreements tor making sirup were generally concluded,
and in most instances the operations of the season were
completed and settlements made before the cnculai ot the
Coinnu^Muner (printed copy nicloocd} was seen by the
parties interested.
The puce for making sirup wa< low,"predicated some-
what upon the cost the. previous season, so that the un-
Jooked-lor high pi ice of labor and fuel did not enable oper-
ator to pay the tax without a lo&s on the business. Set-
tlements having been made with owners, it was not practi-
cable to recover the amount from them.
In many instances assessors construed the .$-600 clause
? as an exemption of fitly dollars monthly, and imposed liie
duty upon all above that amount made in each month. As
the business is confined to one or two months, the exemp-
tion accorded was m such cases only fiity or one hundred
dollars m place of §600.
Very respectfully, WM. CLOUGH,
For Committee.
Hon. Mr. Holm ax.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is agreed on all hands that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue made a
mistake in imposing a tax upon this manufac-
ture. It is conceded by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] on the part of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I insist that an
interest now in its infancy, and which is becom-
ing of vast and general importance, ought not to
be oppressed by a decision utterly in conflict with
the law. I hold in my hand a decision by one
of the assistant assessors.
Mr. EOUTWELL. Does the Commissioner
adhere to that decision ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that he still
adheres to it; and I understand from a gentleman
well informed on the subject that he will not refund
this money unless directed to do so by an act of
Congress. The only ehance then for the parties
who paid taxes in violation of law is by legisla-
tion. i know of no instance where such manifest
injustice has been done, and that, too, to an interest
which ought to be encouraged rather than be op-
pressed. I hold in my hand the decision of an
assessor under which many manufactures of this
article were carried on. He says:
"A person who manufactuies molastea from sorghum
need not be licensed as a manufacturer, and the moia&scs
thus pioduced is not subject to duty."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. 1 do not think myself that
the decision of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is a correct one in this case*, but the evil of
rorrecti ng it would be greater than that of bearing
it. If we were to coriect it in thiscase we should
correct it in refeicnce to maple su^ar and cider.
I do not suppose it was the intention of Congress
to levy a tax upon either of those articles. If
this amendment is adopted it will create the ne-
cessity of going back to every little small manu-
facturer throughout the whole country. It would
require a vast amount of clerkship and labor in
order to ascertain the exact amount which has
been paid m order to refund it. 1 hope, there-
fore, the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois will not be adopted. If we undertake in this
instance to correct this wrong there will be noend
to it.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to correct the statement
of the gentleman from Vermont that it will be ne-
cessary to go into every district to refund to every
manufacturer of this article; thegentleman is mis-
taken, because in some districts of country this tax
was not assessed and collected at all. Therefore
the action of the Government has been unequal.
lUft-snme districts the manufacturer of sirup from
sorghum has paid the tax, and in others it has
not been collected. The gentleman from Veimont
admits that it was not the intention of Congress
to impose such a tax, and he further admits that
the decision of the-Commisstoner of Internal Rev-
enue is wrong. Now, if it is wrong:, and these
persons have been required wrongfully to pay the
tax, the Government ought to refund it.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely expressed my opin-
ion of the decision of the Commissioner of Intei-
nal Revenue, but he may be right, and I may be
wrong. The evil has passed away and no fuither
difficulty is apprehended in that direction.
Mr. STEVENS. In my district no tax of this
kind was collected. In my opinion this article of
manufacture was excepted from taxation twice
over in the law. When the assessor came around
to tax thatarticle 1 told himsuch was my opinion,
and I told him to let the manufacturers go free of
the tax and let them manufacture as much as they
pleased, and if there was any tiouble growing out
of his action I would tiy to stand between him
and any harm. Ho never collected the tax.
The question, rccuiring on Mr. IIolman's
amendment,
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOP ER. I propose to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
Jhxdhcib finther enacted, That section one hundred and
ten be amended by inserting after the words " 1st day ot
July, 1864," the woids, ilPiovided, That on and aftei the
1st day of July, 18 >5. in lieu of the rates of duty on de-
posits and on circulation pte«ctibed by this section, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of one tenth of
one per cent, on the aveiage amount of deposits of money
subject to payment by check or dial t, or repiesented by cer-
tificates of deposit or otherwise, anil of one quarter of one
pei cent, each month upon the aveiage amount of circu-
lation issued by any hank, association, corporation, com-
pany, or person ; and from and after the 31st day ot De-
cember, 1865, a duty ot one half of one per cent, each
mouth upon the average amount of such citculation as
atoreeaid, except tluu banks which betore the l^t day of
July, 1863, shall have reduced their circulation since the
1st of Januaiy, !8Gl,to the extent of thiee quaiters, shall
be subject only on their lemnimng circulation to a tax ot
one twelttli ot one per cent, each month. And whenever
the out-landing circulation of any bank, association, cor-
poration, company, or person, thai I be i educed to an amount
not exceeding five per cent, of the chatieied or deckued
capital when the same was issued, said circulation shall
he fiee fiom taxation. And whenever any t?tale bank ni
banking association has been convicted into a national
hanking association, and sm h national hanking association
has assumed the liabilities of such State hank or banking
association, including the ledcmption of it-* circulation, oi
in ca^e a national h,inking association shall become the
owner or pos.-essor of the assets of any State hank that has
suncndeied its chajter or ceased to exist, or Miall become
liable for the redemption of the cneulation of any State
bank, such national banking association shall beheld to
nuke the required return and payment on such cneulation
outstanding, so longas it shall exceed five per cent, uf the
capital while it existed as a bank or banking association."
And further to amend by inserting before the
words "nor to any savings bank" the woids
ii nor to trust companies which shall receive no
deposits subject to payment by check or draft."
Mr. GAM SON. 1 move that the committee do
now lise.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of closing
debate ?
Mr. BROOKS. Oh,no.
Mr. MOtllllLL. We have had debate enough j
on this point.
Mr. BROOKS. This proposition cannot be j
can led to-night.
The question being on the motion torise,
Mr. GANSON withdrew it.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman !
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to withdraw
hts amendment at tins time, aud to offer it at ilie ;
close of the bill to-morrow, when the House will :
be full. i
Mr. HOOPER. I assent to that, and I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move that the committee do
now rise. I would like to start fresh in the morn-
ing on oil. [Laughter.]
The committee refused to rise; there being,on
a division—ayes 32, noes 60. \/
Mr. BOUT WELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause in the fourth
section, as follows:
Thatin addition to the duties imposed in section ninety-
four of the act to which this is an amendment, as herein-
before amended, there shall be levied, collected, and paid,
upon the good-, wares, and meiehandi^etheieui mentioned,
except a-* heieinaiter otlienvise provided, an inciea^e of
one tilth or twemy per cent, of the duties or rates of duty
now provided tti *aid section, whether ad valorem or spe-
cific : Piovidcd, That theaddinonal duties ot mtes of duty
herein mentioned shall not apply to coal illuimnatius oil,
lefiued, and naphtha, benzine unit benzole, papei ot all de-
wMiptions, printed hooks, magazines, pamphlets, reviews,
and similar publication^, cotton, inanulactuied tobacco,
snuff, cigars, cigarettes, and cheioots.
And inserting m lieu theieof as follows:
That all persons licenced under the provisions of this act
or of the act to which this is an amcmdineni, and who aie
engaged m the sale ot good-?, wares, oi merchandise, or of
articles pioduced oi manufactuied, whether imeign or do-
mestic, shall, within ten days after ilie l>tday of each and
evpiy month, make return, under oath or aflnniation, of thf?
amount ot goods, wates, aud meichaudise or articles sold
during the month pieceding, and shall pay thereon a tax
of one half of ono per cent.; and all such persons in tho
assessment and collection of the ta\ imposed by this sec-
tion shall be subject to the provisions of law relating to the
assessment and collection ot taxes of manufacturer^, men-
tioned in the eighty-second section of the act to which this
is an amendment, as far as the same aie applicable.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, is that
amendment in otder? Tho amendment in the
section is to the ninety-foui th section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is to
strike out arid insert.
Mr. ROUT WELL. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee willobscive that the section as reported
by the Committee of Ways aud Means proposes
to levy an adihttonnl duty of one fifth, or twenty
per cent, on Hie amount levied in the act of
June 30, JbG4, in the ninety-fourth section, in-
cluding I he amendment made in the present bill
to that section, with the exception that the ad-
ditional duty is not to apply to certain articles
mentioned in the proviso to this section. The
amendment which I propose is to substitute a tax
of one half of one per cent, on sales made by per-
sons licensed either as dealers or as manufactur-
ers under the existing law. It is estimated at the
Treasury Department that this tax on sales will
yield, at one half of one per cent.. $55,000,000.
I cannot agree with the gentleman who intro-
duced and who has had charge of this bill, that
the bill itself will furnish an amount of revenue
equal to the existing exigencies of the country.
With the deduction made by the amendment
adopted by the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union in regard to the duty on malt
liquors, I suppose that this bill cannot yield more
than thirty-five or foity million dollais. The ex-
isting law, fiotn the 30th of June last to the 31st
of December, a period uf six months, yielded a
revenue of ^98,000,000, including the extra in-
come tax assessed for the year 1864. Therefore
I cannot but believe that, notwithstanding tho ex-
traordinary receipts for the month of January and
for the £ist fifteen days of the present month,
the average for the last six mouths of 18G4 is
quite equal to tho average that will be received
under the act of June 30, 18G4. And we are to
take into account, still further, that by the reduc-
tion of the prices of the manufactures and prod-
ucts of the country, there will he a decrease of the
levenue of the country corresponding to that de-
crease in prices; and although the leturn of pios-
perity that w:ii he incident to the establishment
of pcace and to the acquisition of a supply of cot-
ton will innease the demand for domestic manu-
factures, that increase of demand will not more
than meet the deficiency due to the diminution in
prices.
Therefore I am of opinion that we must pro-
vide gi eater revenue thon is contemplated by this
bill, and as the question of taxing sales has been
discussed and c. usideud from the very moment,
I believe, that the internal k Vruui; system was
suii^ested to die country, aud as there has been,
as tar as I know, a gi owmj; sentiment in favor of
that species of taxation, I thought it proper to
submit to the committee this amendment, which
lb simple, and, us i believe, can be easily cxe-
