844
TIP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBf.
February 16,
cuted, and will yield a large revenue. I believe
that most persons would estimate it at $50,000,-
000. I do not propose to argue the matter fur-
ther.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire only to put a few
queries to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bodtwell] in relation to the amount to be
produced by this bill, as the gentleman is famil-
iar with the various objects of the measure.
I would ask him, first, how much the revenue
will be increased by the proposed tax of five cents
per pound upon cotton?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman can tell
me how much cotton we shall receive, perhaps I
can solve that problem.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman is not pre-
pared to give an answer to that question I will
give one. It has been estimated by many parties
that there are at the present time not less than
six million bales of cotton in the South, notwith-
standing all that has been burnt up; there are not
less than four crops on hand, with the exception
of what has been burnt up and what has been
sent abroad. I do not estimate the amount my-
self to be more than four million bales.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, I be-
lieve it is the highest estimate made by the Lan-
cashire cotton-spinners, who, I presume, have
better means of information than we have, that
the stock of cotton on hand in the South is three
and a half million bales. We cannot anticpate
that we shall get all that so as to be able to tax it
during the next fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL. Nor do I expect that by
any means; but I suppose that if we obtain ac-
cess to the country, or if peace should be re-
stored to the country, the annual production of
the South, under any circumstances, will be not
less than a million and a half of bales, which our
tax-gatherers will reach; and if we reach no
more than that, the million and a half bales will
yield us, at five cents a pound, over $30,000,000.
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts another question. How much does
he suppose the additional rates we have imposed
upon incomes will increase the revenue of the
country ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot say; but not
exceeding $5,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. It is estimated by the De-
partment at $16,000,000.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman will con-
sider the fact that the special income tax of five
per cent, yielded from thirty to thirty-five mil-
lions, and that under this law we are to levy a
duty of seven and a half and ten percent, in certain
cases. The difference cannot lie very large.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee, of the Whole
have changed the minimum fixed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from $3,000 to $5,000,
and of course that will not produce quite as much
as the bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means would have done. But ltwould have
produced, according to the estimate of the De-
partment, if that change had not been made,
$16,000,000.
I think they were wrong; I think it was too
much. 1 neverestimated itatover$10,000,000,and
was rather disposed to believe it to be something
under that, perhaps not more than $6,000,000.
But there is another question which I desire to
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts, for I do
not like to have our bill underrated or overrated.
I desire to ask that gentleman how much he sup-
poses would be realized from this fourth section
of the bill which he proposes to strike out?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Last year the duties on
manufactures yielded about $75,000,000. My
estimate is that there would be about $20,000,000
or $25,000,000 due to this twenty per cent. Thtrt
is,that under the existing law we should realize
from $100,000,000 to $125,000,000, and that twenty
per cent, of that would be from $20,000,000 to
$25,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. That is sufiicientformy pur-
pose; taking it to be tiue that we can raise that
amount by this section, then 1 would like to know
of the gentleman how much he expects to realize
by the adoption of one half of one per cent, on
sales.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Perhaps $55,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Then he calculates thatour
sales will be $11,000,000,000. Now, I do not es-
timate the sales at any such enormous sum. Why,
sir, if we were to calculate that the whole business
of this country would be duplicated, or triplicated,
or quadrupled, and that we should realize upon
every dime of it, it would not amount to one half of
that sum. In my judgment the amount we would
realize from this fourth section would be more
than we would realize from the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boot-
well.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the amend-
ment so that it will read " one per cent." instead
of " one half of one per cent." I do this to en-
able me to say a word on the gentleman's prop-
osition. I am puzzled to understand why the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.BoDTivELL,]
if he wishes to introduce the proposition he has
submitted, should move to strike out another sec-
tion which he confesses would furnish a very large
amount of revenue to the Government. If, as he
says, the whole bill will be inadequate to meet
our wants, we then certainly should have not only
his proposition, but the fourth section also. I do
not know that he made the motion to strike out
for any other purpose than to secure an oppor-
tunity to submit his remarks. If he was serious
in his motion to strike out the fourth section it
seems to me a very singular way of accomplish-
ing what is clearly the object of all, the raising
of money to supply the wants of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am perfectly willing to
offer my proposition as a new section, and then
the committee can deal with the fourth section as
it pleases. I will move my proposition as an ad-
ditional section, to immediately precede the fourth
section as reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD. I should very much prefer
that the fourth, section shall stand, and that the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] shall be offered as an additional
section. But 1 wish to say a few words concern-
ing the section proposed to be added. I have
given what attention to the subject I have been
able, and it is my opinion that the plan now sub-
mitted is less defensible as a mode of raising rev-
enue than any I have ever heard in this Congress.
I believe I am right in saying that no writer on
political economy of any considerable reputation
has ever favored a tax on sales, at least within
the last three centuries. The very best authori-
ties in Europe and in this country denounce itas
the most unequal and unjust of all the modes of
taxation. The first great objection to it is that it
clogs that free movement of trade which is so es-
sential to national prosperity. It ties a fetter upon
every article that should have full freedom of ex-
change in every place. Articles are exchanged
only because by such exchange they can be made
more valuable; that is, they will be put into hands
that will increase the wealth of the nation. And
now it is proposed that at the very point where
the mobility of trade is most necessary a fetter
shall be fastened to it to clog and impede its nor-
mal activity.
Again, this measure will tend to break down
all the middle-men between the wholesale and the
retail dealers. It will be particularly burdensome
upon all persons who live away from large cities;
particularly ruinous in its effects upon the smaller
doaleis who are engaged in trade in the West.
I hope that this Congress will not commit the
folly of taking up a cast-off and exploded dogma,
which has brought calamity to every nation that
ever adopted it, and is not now the law of any
civilized Government. I hope the sad experience
of other nations will not be lost on us.
Mr. KASSON. What nation has adopted it
and thrown it off in disgust?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 am aware that Spain did
if, and that the nature of the tax was worse than
its amount.
Mr. KASSON. Has any nation, recognized
as civilized in regard to taxation, ever adopted it
and then rejected it?
Mr. GARFIELD. I should like to ask the
gentleman whether it has been adopted success-
fully in any nation ?
Mr. KASSON. In my judgment it has never
been adopted in England, or Germany, or any
European nation.
Mr. GARFIELD. And the best statesman-
ship of those nations has condemned it, and saved
them from its evils. I trust the light of this cen-
tury shining down upon us will keep us from
such folly, and enable us to see a better path. I
believe, sir, that the only solution to our financial
difficulties is heavy taxation, but let us lay the
burden upon the shoulders ofindustry rather than
tie it to its ankles.
Mr. FRANK. Mr. Chairman, I think, as
suggested by the gentleman from Iowa, that no
nation has ever thoroughly tested this scheme or
given it a fair trial. The gentleman from Ohio
alludes to Spain. Spain, if I remember rightly,
taxed from five to ten per cent. The tax was so
heavy as to produce the result he states.
Mr. KASSON. It ran up to fourteen.
Mr. FRANK. The tax of one half per cent,
now proposed is so light it will not be seriously
felt, and I believe the people are entirely willing to
sustain us in laying such tax.
1 have conversed freely with many of the best
business men of the country on this subject—•
Chittenden, Clafiin, Lathrop, Ludington—all gen-
tlemen of character, position, and influence, thor-
oughly loyal, and willing to pay cheerfully tha
large amount of tax that would be imposed otv
sales, amounting with some of the firms to more
than one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. GARFIELD. Were they not wholesale-
dealers?
Mr. FRANK. The gentlemen named were; but
I have also ascertained the views of others of all
classes. I think, sir, the whole country is ready
for this system of taxation, and that it will be more^
just than any other we have heretofore adopted."
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. ODELL. Mr. Chairman, I renew it.
The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is
in error when he says no nation has ever suc-
ceeded in or fairly tried a tax upon sales, which ho
classes as belonging to a dark age, and not adapted
for the enlightened day in which we live. So also
is my colleague,'[Mr. Frank,] in his statement
that this mode of taxation has not been tried.
This nation has tried it with complete success.
We are now collecting taxes upon the principle
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell.] It will
be remembered that at the last session of Con-
gress the Committee of Ways and Means reported
a bill providing for a specific tax of fifty cents for
every hundred shares of stocks, bonds, and other
securities sold, and at the same rate per cent, upon
sales of gold. This proposal was not acceded
to by the House, but an ad valorem tax of one
twentieth of one per cent, upon every hundred
shares of stock sold was substituted.
No better illustration can be given, nor can a
better argument be made, in favor of the proposed
tax upon sales of merchandise and produce than
the experience and result of this tax upon sales
of gold and stocks. The receipts in one district
in New York (the Wall street district) alone for
November, December, and January, reached the
enormous sum of $1,780,000. The specific tax
of fifty cents proposed by the committee would
have yielded but $178,000.
I have no hesitation in saying that no tax has
been collected during the year that has been mora
cheerfully paid than what has been collected from
the stock and exchange brokers of New York. I
have authority in saying that none has been more
easily ascertained and collected by the officials of
the Government.
Experience has demonstrated its practicability.
When the amendment now proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mean^shall become law tax-
ing all sales of stocks and gold, whether bought
on the account of brokers or on commission, I
confidently believe, from the experience of the
past year with this class of sales, that the Gov-
ernment can confidently rely -upon the sum of
$15,000,000 from sales of bonds and stocks alone.
The amendment proposed to tax sales, rather
to add to the taxes upon manufacturers, has my
cordial, hearty approval. Ithas the sanction of.
the best-informed commercial men in the country,
men whose interests will be most affected by it.
It will have a more universal approval than any
other system of taxation that has been adopted.
I presented a memorial a few days since from the
Chamber of Commerce of New York praying
Congress to enact a law taxing sales.'
The commercial press with but few exception# ,
have been for weeks past advocating this measure
