1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
as just and equitable, bearing upon all classes
equally alike.
The Secretary of the Treasury informs the
House that he needs a larger revenue, and urges
the subjcctupon us legislators to provide it. What
is most needed is a system of taxation that will
provide him with a certain revenue monthly paid
into the Treasury, to enable him positively to an-
ticipate a fund upon which he can rely to pay the
soldiers and sailors of our Army and Navy their
wages when due. It is a necessity that is upon
us. Weshould meet it . The Army has not been
paid for months. This is all wrong. Our defend-
ers should promptly receive their small pay and
be relieved from all anxiety growing out of the
knowledge of the fact that their families at home
are in poverty and want.
A tax upon sales will provide the funds needed
monthly, and give to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the money required for this object. 1 sin-
cerely hope this measure will pass the House
with unanimity and become the law of the land.
Mr. KASSON. It will be recollected by the
committee thatat the last session of Congress this
subject was proposed, somewhat incidentally,
alike by the gentleman from New York and my-
self; and it was opposed, in respect to its applica-
tion to sales of real estate, by my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill.] But when I saw placed upon our
files an amendment embracing this subject, to be
proposed by my friend from Vermont, I thought
at last the good day had come when this system
might be adopted even with his approval.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that had he been present when I gave no-
tice that at the proper time I should offer that
amendment, he would have understood that I
proposed to introduce that amendment and one
other, as a matter of courtesy to some of my col-
leagues on the committee, of whom he was one,
but with no intention of advocating it myself. He
would also have noticed that I urged such argu-
ments against it as I could in my opening speech.
Mr. IvASSON. I regret that my first impres-
sion was not correct. I still have some hopes that
in the progress of events he will reach the posi-
tion of the public opinion upon this subject at this
time.
Now, sir, I wish to say a single word upon this
subject before the committee rises and the House
adjourns, and it is this: that so far from taking
into consideration the precedent of Spain upon
this subject, I hold always that the just and states-
manlike legislation of this country is derived from
the course of business and the current of public
opinion among our own people. There is no sys-
tem of public affairs in Europe like our own; none
in which the course of business is conducted in
accordance with the convenience of the people as
in this country. And when my friend from Ohio
says we propose in this way to embarrass the
transactions of trade, I ask him why we do not
embarrass it when we put a tax upon the income
of the man derived from this very property ? You
do not tax the article sold, or because it is sold,
but you just take the data which his sales fur-
nish, and you say that one half of one per cent,
shall be paid to the Government upon the amount
of such sales. Certainly gentlemen know that in
the great mass of business transactions of this
country there is none in which the seller would
not make a bargain with an agent for effecting a
sale of more than one half of one per cent. He
occasionally employs drummers or agents on a
commission of two or two and a half per cent,
to effect sales for him to purchasers which such
agents may find in the market.
When, therefore, you levy a light tax like this,
youdo not embarrass tradeatall, but simply take
a portion of the profits which the trader derives,
and in that way you make the tax more equal
than you can in any other way. Sales are made
for profit, and not for a loss; and you simply re-
serve from the profits a small portion thereof.
And do you destroy the middle-man in that way ?
Where is the middle-man that is destroyed by the
addition of one half of one per cent, upon the
profits of sales he effects? Bring the matter to the
test of practice, bring it to the test of the business
of any man you have in mind, and you will find
that it amounts to this, that no man conducts bus-
iness on a margin of one half of one percent, profits.
If you did destroy the middle-man, you would
only diminish the revenue, but it would not harm
the people of the country. Ifthe middle-men went
out of existence that would not harm the people,
but rather benefit them. Its only effect would be
to cheapen the consumption to ihe people.
But I have already shown that in point of fact
it could not have the effect of driving the middle-
man out of employ by any legitimate consequence
of the act. I cannot, at this time of night, enter
generally into a debate upon this subject. 1 wished
to say this much, that when the committee come
together again they might have the views I have
entertained for two years upon this subject before
them.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro tem-
pore having taken the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,according to order, had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the special order, being a bill (H. R. No.
744) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr.COFFROTH, (at
ten minutes past ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until eleven o'clock,a. m., to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 17, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. D. H. Muller, of Milwau-
kee, Wisconsin.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Jonrnalof yesterday's
proceedings was dispensed with.
SENATOR FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. W1LLEY. I present the credentials of
Hon. Joseph Segar, Senator-elect from the State
of Virginia to supply the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Hon. Lemuel J.feowden. I move
that the credentials be read andjplaced on theses,
and that the oath of office be aiministered to Mr.
Segar. ^ \
The Secretary read the credentials.
The PRESiDENTjjro Umpofy. If t$fere be no
objection, the Senator  f.
Mr. SUMNER. I move th^ thogg papers be
referred to the Committee on thl Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY. I trust that ^/illpiot be done.
I know of no reason why it should be. The
credentials, I believe, are proper on their face.
They come to the Senate in due form under the
seal of the State of Virginia. The gentleman
who comes here is accredited the successor of
Hon. Mr. Bowden,who died while a member of
this body. Mr. Segar appears here to take his
place and to supply the vacancy occasioned by
his death. I see no more propriety in referring
these credentials to the Judiciary Committee than
I would have seen in referring the propriety of
Mr. Bowden himself (if he were now living) re-
taining his seat on this floor. If Mr. Bowden
was entitled to a seat upon this floor, I suppose
this gentleman would be entitled to take his seat
as his successor provided the credentials be all
regular and correct; and I know of no objection
to them. I trust therefore that this subject will
not be referred, particularly at this late period of
the session. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that reference will not
be made, t think it is a very extraordinary step
indeed. It seems to me this question is res adju-
dicata. "VVe have proceeded on that idea up to
the present time, and it seems to me that no suffi-
cient reason has been presented why we should
change our policy now. I beg Senators to pause
before doing so. If this Union is ever to be re-
stored in the world it must be by the means which
are now presented to us for our consideration.
If we are to wait until the whole of a State is
under our dominion and until all the people of a
State are heard from, such a restoration will never
take place, never. In my judgment we must
establish State governments in those States that
have been disturbed by the rebellion, and make
them a nucleus around which the loyal popula-
tion may rally. Let us encourage and strengthen
them until in the course of time they extend over
the whole State. I shall be exceedingly sorry if
these States are to be rebuked and repulsed and
driven away when they are desirous to do all they
can for the purpose of effectuating the very end
for which this tremendous struggle has taken
place. There was no such objection as this made
when the predecessor of Mr. Segar presented
himself here. When he came and claimed his
seat he was allowed to take it, as other Senators
were. I think it would be making an invidious
distinction if we now pursue a different course
on this question. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will allow the person who has been properly
accredited to take his seat as a Senator.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Senator whether
Mr. Bowden presented himself here as a Senator
from Virginia before or after the vote taken on
the admission of West Virginia.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know how that was;
perhaps it was before.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. However that may be, I thinly
it is clearly our policy now, instead of repelling
these efforts on the part of the loyal men of the
States in rebellion to have themselves represented
here and to form State governments, to encourage
them by all means.
Mr. FOSTER. The simple reference of thesq
credentials to the Judiciary Committee will merely,
as I suppose, charge that committee with inquir-
ing whether the credentials are in due and proper
form. So far as I know, that would be all the
duty with which the committee would be chargcd
by the mere reference of the credentials. If that
presents all the question there is in the case, and
there be a question on the credentials, this motion
is right and proper; but I am not aware that there
is any question as to the credentials themselves;
and a report from the committee showing that the
credentials are in due and proper form will not,
as I believe, settle any question which divides
the members of the Senate at this time. It seems
to me that if a motion is made to refer the creden-
tials, there should be an additional motion along
with it, or that motion alone is almost useless, for
I suppose nobody questions but that the creden-
tials themselves are in the usual and proper form.
A report from the committee that that fact is so
would not advance us at all upon the question
which, I suppose, divides the Senate. 1 see no
propriety, no necessity, for sending the creden-
tials merely to the Committee on the Judiciary
when no question arises on those credentials.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notquite agree with
the Senator from Connecticut as to the effect of
a reference of the credentials to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I suppose, if that reference be
made, it will be the duty of the Committee on
the Judiciary to ascertain whether these creden-
tials come from a proper source. A public meet-
ing might be held in the city of Washington, or
in the State of Connecticut, or in the State of
Illinois, and make out a credential in proper form,
to A, B, or C, as a Senator, and I suppose on the
reference of such a credential the committee would
inquire whether that public meeting had any au-
thority to electa Senator.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask the honorable
Senator, with his permission, whether, if the cre-
dentials were in proper form and under the seal
of a State, the committee would not be bound to
take those credentials as they stood; and if the
motion was simply to refer them to the commit-
tee, whether the committee could inquire whether
the names were forged or the seal forged or any-
thing of thesort; whether the seal would notprove
itself, and whether the document would not, under
those circumstances, on its face be the evidence
for the committee, to which they would be con-
fined ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend not by any
means. I suppose the members of the Senate
are to take judicial notice of what is the Legis-
lature in a State, of who is Governor of a State;
and I suppose that if a credential was signed by A
B, and it was brought to the notice of the com-
mittee, or the committee of their own knowledge
had notice, that A B was not Governor of the
State, or that no such Legislature had convened
as purported to have made the election, they
would report that fact to the Senate.
Let me suppose a case. It is known to every
