80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
with all proper remedies in courts of justice, and no power
or control pltall be exorcised Willi legard to Inm except m
conformity with law.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it fmthgr enacted, That the assistant com-
missioners shall havo authority, under the direction o{ the
Secretary of the Treaty, within their respective depart-
to tak<; possesion of ail abaridonded real e tate
belonging to disloyal per>nn^; and all real estate to which
the United States have title, or of which the Umteil States
have possession, and not already appropriated to Govern-
ment uses* and ais-o to take poss-es^um of all personal
propeity found on and belonging to such estate, and to rent
' or lease all such real estate, or any part thereof, with the
per&onal property aforesaid, and to act as int-pectois of the •
fe-ame; or in case no proper lessees! can be found, then to
permit the same to be cultivated or occupied by the freed-
men, on such terms, in either case, and undei such regula-
tions, as>the coinimsbioiift and &uch freedmen may agree:
Provided, That no frerdmen shall he employed on any es-
tnt6 above mentioned otherwise than aecotdmg to volun-
tary contract reduced to wuting andcerntied by the assist-
ant commi^sionfr or local MipiTintendont, nor thai! any
sueh contract be for a longer pcnod than twelve months;
but nothing in this section contained shall be construed to
prevent the due execution of proecss against thermal estate
and personal pioperty foeloie mentioned, issued in due
coui&e of law fiom court- o{ competent jmi.-diCtion : J}nd
jitovidcd further, Tiiat no lease and no peinnt to be given
ondn ihe piovisions ot tin-, act shall continue for a longer
time than one year wiihont renewal, nor j-hnii any sueh
lease oi permit biufl the United States to pay damages for
any miiitaty dispossession or because ot title paramount to
that ol the United States.
Sec. 6. -And beitfmther enacted, That the assistantcom-
nussion-rs and local supenntendentsshall he ready,as ad-
visoiv guardians, to aid the fieedinen in the adjustment of
then or, where tlwy have rented plantations oi
boldmgs,' in the application of their lahoi ; that they shall
take caie that the ircfdmon do notsulierliomill-treatnient
or any ihiluie uf coiitiaet on the pAit of oihers ; that they
shall Yurrhcr do what they can a-* arbitrator, to reconcile
and settle any difference-, hi which treedrnen m.iy be in-
volved, vvhcilirr ainonu tliemseive^ or between themselves
and othei peis-«n> ; u.'d in c-;.?e • udi dili<'i 'T.et"« ate e.iri iod
before any tubulin!, civil or mtlitaiy, they &hn.H appeal as
next friends of the freedau'n, so f,n ai to see that the ease
Is fairly stated and heaid. And m .ill such pioceedmgv
there shall be no disability ot cxehwoii on ycetmntof eoloi.
Sec. 7. Jind be it j ml her enacted, That iea.;et. heietoiorc
made by the supei vising --p«eial agents ol the Trea-auv De-
partment, uridet the uiithouty of tlx GmerJ Older 331, of
the Scetetaryof VVai, dated Oetobei 9, 1&J3. and in ac-
coid.uiee with the reguhit.ons of iheTteiu my Department,
shall have the same eti'eet as ii made by a--u tantcommi -
sioncrs iiinier thi-j act; bat.-uch lease shall not continue
beyond the penod of onejc.it tioni it' date; and immedi-
ately upon the oi^anization ol any depa: iment ot ln;edmen,
sueh agents shall ccasc to ctecute their function-^ withm
sueh depaitment, and shall deliver over to the a---i--tant
comtnUeioncr thereof all property and papers held bj iliem
as auents. LJut all expenses necessarily ineuned hj *uc!i
agents in any depa-ttnent, prioi to its organization und«T
this act, shall bedofi.ijed by the Scer^tarj oi the Treasury
out of any moneys lit Jns hauda aji&ing fiom the leases
made by such ageut-j.
Sec. 8. .'2nd be itfurther enacted. That the Commissioner
shall apply the proceeds aiising trom lea:<c-> m the several
departments to pay the paiaues and oilier expenses under
this act, so that the but can herein established ui.iy become
at an eatly daystlf-supportuifr; and any piocoeds overand
above the annual expense thereof shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. £)< Jlnd hj U jinthcr cnactrd. Th.it it shall be the
duty of all niliecr-, civil and nuhtaij, cliaiced with the exe-
cution ol any law. pioelnitntioiu or miiitaty older ol eman-
cipation, or in any wayeonceiiun^J eedtnei),notinu-!e!od
into, nor reguhuly eng.i:;ed in, the m 11 it.uy service, i> make
mum to the ComtnisMOiin ofalltlieu proeeeding-} in exe-
cution iheieof, under *-uch regulations as shall irom tune
to time be presciibed.
t?rc. 10. Jind be it further enacted* That \)\f> Coirmuv-
eionei :!tall, be frio the coiumeneemcnt m eaeh bes.-ion ol
Congioss, make lull lepoit of hi- proeeedirg-* to the riee-
retary of the Tre.isuiy, who shall tomt.iuun. no the tnine
to Congress. Aral the assistant coimm-.-iune, -hall niako
quarteily report^ of then pioeeedmgs to t!:e Commissioner,
and also such other special lepuits as uom time to tunc
may be required.
Sec. IX. *d>id he U fuithcr enactcd, That all assistant
commissioners, local supcuntendent-, and eleiks, as w<*il
as the «upeivivmg speeutl agents, appointed within the
States within vvirn h the u^uireetion exist-and theauthor-
ity of the civil tribunal is oveitlnown, siiall be so fat
deemed to be in the military service of the United States
as to be liable to uiai by court •> martial or miiitaty commis-
sion;-', to bo ordered by the eominandniH gcneial ol the mtli-
taiy department within which ihey act as sueh assistant
commissioners, local supeimtenuents, cleiks, or supervis-
ing special agents. Ami tor all olleiise-* simountnig to a
telouy; for any act of embezzleincnt, oi willful misappio-
priation of public or private piopeity; for anywiiltul act
oi oppiession ol aty fieedman. ot ot any lojal iiihabirant;
{tA any act of taking or receiving, dnoctiy oi indirectly, ar.v
money or t'.uujr of value tor any act done oromuted by
them in iheuofficial capacity; orfoi being m an> manner
interested in anj ptuchai eof cotton, tobacco, sugar, oi .my
other atuclo psodueed upon any LtiuH lea-ful or woikcd
undct the piovisiousof this act; or in eanungon any busi-
ness oi being in any m.uiu«T, uueetiy or mai'^ctlj, mtei-
ested in any huoincs-. c.oi K'd <>.i nialci the siipenntendetice
of tiie offit i*iapp-aiilc.! under thn act, or tor any other
w llful wolation o. then oili «ai duti''-, upon conviction
thereof, -hal; be ftth; -.-t ;o{>u;.i-hmentby fsoe notcAcecimg
oi lmpioiinto'i: . ' h: id i. bar a ;  in.d ixUev-
cceding five \e bv ho:!i ^ueh :i-n- -uid mvr^mment.
,<lc. 1-. -'Jhe il furth t L'l^-Ud, 'fhat wneucvei the
%aid ComnussLo-ioi c. nnot tn'd > u.d roui c-itat<* on
which to employ all oi ibe iieedmeii wim la.'.j come under
his care and control byvntueof this act, it shall be his
duty, so far as may be practicable, to piovide for them
homes and emy>lo>menl, with humane, and suitable persons,
at fair and just compensation for their services.
Sec. i3. +tind be it fuitker cnacttd, That the last clause
of a joint resolution' explanatory ot '-An act to suppress
insutiection, to punish tica*on and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the pioperty of rebcte, and for other purposes,"
approved July ] 7,1862, be, and the same hereby is, repealed.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not think that it is worth
while at this time to occupy the attention of the
House by calling it to the various differences be-
tween the bill adopted by the Senate and that
reported to them from the House. My object
now in rising is to ask the House to non-concur in
the action of the Senate for the purpose of asking
that a committee of conference be appointed.
I have no doubt it will be found, upon confer-
ence, that it will bo practicable from the two bills
to frame one which will be more satisfactory to the
House than either of the bills now before the
House. I move a non-concurrence in the Senate
amendments, and unless some gentleman desires
to speak, I will call the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 want to suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts thatthe'JLiouae has some
right to time for a consideration of these amend-
ments before they go before a committee of con-
ference. Tiiis is the first titue I have been able to
obtain a copy of the bill, though it may have been
punted before, and I suggest a postponement toa
certain day, or the making it the special order for
some given day.
The result of these committees of conference,
as the gentleman well knows, is to take away all
substantial action from this and the other body,
and to intrust the main legislation to a committee
selected by the Speaker and a committee appointed
by the*Senate,and then, under the pressure of the
previous question, wc are obliged to accede to or
rejoct some bill winch the committee has agreed
to, but which the IIousc may not have agreed to.
I suggest that the gentleman give us an oppor-
tunity, by a postponement to some given day, to
consider the piovisions of this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the gentleman from
New Yoik, I will say that the bill which has just
been lend has been in fact printed since last June.
When the bill was sent back fiom the Senate it
was ordered, upon my motion, to be printed,and
it has been within the reach of members ot the
House from that time to the present. It was very
desirable that there should have been action upon
this bill before the close of last session, but it
had been delayed in the committee of the Senate
from the early part of March until the early part
of June, and it did not come back to the House
until it was too late to act upon it last session.
Upon a motion made on tins side, the bill was
postponed until to-day.
Now, on the 3d of July,! think, a bill passed
both Houses, under which certain proceedings
aie now being had which make it very desirable
that the action of the House upon this bill in ref-
erence to a Bureau of Fieedmett's Affairs should
be speedy. I cannot agiee to the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, to postpone this
bill m its ptesent form. It will necessarily have
to bo the subject of action before a conference
committee, and 1 am quite satisfied that the inter-
est of the public and of that ciass of people who
are now suffeiins; very much for want of public
care, will be belter promoted by action now, so
tar a3 to scud the bill to a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr.KASSON. Upon the first reading of the
amendment, it struck me that the first section of
the Senate bill made no discrimination between
the custody of those freudmen who are made free
bv Stale action and those made free by United
States action. I simply call ins attention toiun
order that in the conferencc committee that point
may be considered, which may be essential to the
cooperation of at Laat sonic portion of the House
m the general object. I would be glad to becoi-
rected, if I am in error touching that provision of
the Senate bill, ify the gentleman, who has given
it more attention than 1 have.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Iowa is per-
fectly corn ct in this, that the bill docs not pur-
port to affect any iVeednien other thn.n those who
belong to States which are in rebellion, it does
notalh'Ct,as n stands now, the freedmen of Mary-
land, or of Kentucky, or of Missouri.
Mr. KELLEY. Unless-such a one should
stray within the territorial limits of the rebel-
lion. Those limits bound the jurisdiction of the
bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to lay the amendment
of the Senate on the table.
Mr. ELIOT. Would that carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 71, not voting 60; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona. Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Blair, Dhss, Brooks, James S. Brown-, WillmmG. Brown,
Chanier. Cox, Dawson, Denison, Eden, PJtlridgejFinck;Gan-
son,Gndor,IlarilinK. BenjaminG. Ilnriis,CharlesM Ilariis,
ilerrick, Ilolman, lvernan, Law, I.azeai, Le Blond. Lonfr,
Maicy, McAllister, McDowoll. William Ii. Miliei, James
R. Morris, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn,
Samuel J. Randall, James S. Rollins, Koss, Puutll, Jolni B.
Steele, Stiouse. Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Townsend, Web-
ster, Joseph W. White, Williams, and Yeanian—51.
NAYS—Messrs. AIIimiu, Ames, Ashley, John D. Baki-
nin, Bearnan, Blow, Boutwcll, Boyd, Brooniall, Ambio e
W. CI,irk, Uole, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Diieirs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield,
Giiiuiell, "Iligby, Hooper, IJotchkiss, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jenekes, Ivasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Lonsyear, Marvin. Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoo, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Perliam, Pomerov, Price, William H.
Randall, Alexander H. Riee, John H. Rice, Edward H.Rol-
lins, Schenck, Seofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spald-
mtr, Starr. Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valken-
buigl). Eli'liu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wha-
lev. Wilson, and Windoni—71. '
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Baxter, Blame, Brandegee,
Freeman Claike, Clav, Cobb, Coffroth, Cravens, Cresweli,
Henry Winter Davis,'Demini;, Dumont, Edgerton, English,
Fenton, Gooch, Guswokl, Hale, Hall. Harrington, Asaliel
W. Hubbard, Ilutchius, lngersoli, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson,.!nllan, Kalbfleiseli, King,Knapp, Loan, Mallory,
McCride, McKinney, Middleton, Daniel Morris, Morrison,
Odell, Perry, Pike, Radford, Ilobinson, Rogers, Scott, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Voorliees, Wadsworlli, Ward,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wilder, Winfleld, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Woodbridge—60.
So the House refused to lay the amendment of
the Senate on the table.
During the roll-call,
Messrs. Harrington, Coffroth, Baxter,
Cobb, ami Voorhees, who were not within the
bar when their names were called, severally asked
leave to vote.
Mr. DAWES objected.
Mr. OIITH stated that Mr. Julian was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
ordering the main question to be now put.
The mam question was ordered; and being put,
the House voted to non-concur in the amendment
of the Senate, and ask a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. ELK)T moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was non-concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had agreed to the resolution of the House pro-
viding for an adjournment of the House from the
22d instant until tiie 5th of January next, with an
amendment including the Senate in said adjourn-
ment over, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also,thattheSenate had passed billoftheHouse
No. 39-1, for the relief of Mary Scales Accardi,
and House bill No. 393, for the relief of Emily
A.Lyon, severally with an amendment, ill which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment bill of the House No. 478, for the lelief of
Charles M. Pott, and lull of the House No. 603,
to extend the time allowed for the withdrawal
of certain goods therein named from the public
stores.
The message further announced that the Senate
had indefinitely postponed the bill of tiie House
(No. 452) to grant a pension of eight dollars per
month to Harris Welch.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
