846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
member of the Senate, I presume, in a way that
he is bound to take official notice of the fact, that
the Legislature of the State of Connecticut con-
venes at a certain time under the constitution of
that State; and it is known to every member of
the Senate, as a fact of which he is bound to take
official notice, that at the present time there is no
Legislature in session in Connecticut. Knowing
these facts officially, (for i think we are bound to
take notice of certain acts of the States,) if a cer-
tificate should be presented here showing the elec-
tion of a person from that State to the Senate of
the United States in the month of February, 1865,
it would be the duty of the committee to whom
such credentials might be referred to report to the
Senate the fact that no Legislature was m session
in the State of Connecticut in the month of Feb-
ruary, 1865.
I express no opinion as to the right of this party
to a seat; but I think that it is very proper, in the
condition of things which we know to exist in the
country, that these credentials should be referred
before the claimant is permitted to be sworn as a
member of this body; and I think the reference
of the credentials will bring up the question as it
did in regard to Arkansas. In the case of persons
claiming seats in this body from Arkansas a year
ago, there was no objection to the credentials;
they were in pioper form; but the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider whether the body which un-
dertook to elect them to the Senate was the Legis-
lature of the State. The Constitution declares
that this body " shall be composed of two Sen-
ators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
theieof;" and when credentials aie referred, it is
competent to inquire whether the Legislature of
the State has made such an election.
We have made that inquiry frequently since I
have been here, it arose in leference to the State
of Indiana a few years ago, the question being
whether the body which elected certain Senators
was the Legislature of that State. It aiose also
in refeience to the first election of my fnend from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] whether the body which
elected him was the Legislature of the State of
Iowa. The Senate, wrongly as 1 think, decided
in that case that the body which elected him was
not the Legislature of the State of Iowa, and he
was sent back and lee'ected afteiward. This is
an inquiry that has been often made in this body;
and I diink that w hen the credentials are rcfei red,
something more is to be considered than simply
whether on the face of the paper it purpoi ts to be
the election of a Senator or not. 1 trust that the
ciedentials will be referred.
Mr. HOWARD. I trust, sir, this reference
■will be made For one I am very anxious that
the Senate should make an examination notonly
into the authenticity of the credentials themselves
piesented before us, but that they should go fully
and thoioughly into the question of the tight of
Vnginia, i mean old Virginia, to be represented
in this body at this time. I think that is a ques-
tion upon which not only we but the whole coun-
try need to be enlightened, i shall be very much
obliged to that committee, should the refeience be
made, if they will furnish to the Senate and the
counuy a succinct histoiy of all the proceedings
winch have resulted in the election of the gentle-
man who now piesents his credentials. If I un-
derstand it rightly, the constituency which this
gentleman will claim to represent in this body is
now in a state of insuu ectiuri and rebellion against
the United States; that constituency as a pol meal
community are the enem.es of the United States,
and at war with the United States; and I desire
pnrhculaily that rhe Committee on the Judiciary
shall furnish to us, if they can famish some
argument to show that a political community at
war with the United States has a tight to bo rep-
resented m this body or in the other House of
Congress, and thus to enjoy the political privi-
leges which belong to Sta'es that aie at peace and
performing theirduty to the Government, i wish
a full, fiee, and ample report not only upon the
question of fact so far as it relates to the authen-
ticity of these credentials, but to the right of the
community now called "Virginia" to be repre-
sented hose. I am very much inclined to deny
the i ight of that community to any representation
upon this floor, and am embarrassed not only
about the light but also the matter of the election
of this gentitman and his colleague, if he has a
colleague, to this body. When and where did it
take place, by whom was it made, under what
statute, under whatconstitution,in short, quo tear-
ranto generally was this whole thing done? I
think it is due to the Senate from the committee,
if these credentials shall be referred to them, to
furnish full and ample information on all these
topics. I hope, therefore, as the question is one
of magnitude, as itis likely to furnish a precedent
of great importance for the future, that the com-
mittee will welcome this reference and perform
their duty fully and amply on it. 1 look upon
this as a question of the utmost importance.
Mr. SUMNER. I regret that a question of
this magnitude has been precipitated upon the
Senate at this late period of the session when there
is so much public business which has not yet re-
ceived the attention of either House of Congress.
The Senator from Michigan does not exaggerate
its magnitude. Sir, it is much to be a Senator of
the United States, with all the powers and privi-
leges pertaining to that office—powers and privi-
leges legislative, diplomatic, and executive; and
the question now is whether all these extraordi-
nary powers and privileges shall be recognized in
a<gentlemen whose certificate has been sent to the
Chair. I thought it my duty, on hearing that
certificate read as I entered the Chamber, to move
at once its reference to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I am astonished that there can be any
hesitation m making that reference. Sir,Senatois
who hesitate show an insensibility to the charac-
ter of the question. Is the Senate ready to act
blindfolded or with the eyes open? I insist that
on a question of this magnitude the Senate shall
act with the eyes open, wide open; and I know
no other way in which they can be brought to
act so except through the intervention of a respon-
sible committee of this body. Theiefore, sir, I
proposed that the credentials should be leferred
to that committee. It will be the duty of the coi <-
mittee, as my friend from Michigan has sug-
gested, to consider in the first place whether a
State in armed rebellion like Vngmia can have
Senators on tins floor. That is a gieat question,
constitutional, political, practical. It will be their
duty, then, to consider in the next placewhether
the gentleman whose credentials have been pre-
sented lias been chosen legally under the Consti-
tution of the United States by any State. Now,
sir, I do not intend to piejudgc either of these
questions. I simply open them now for the con-
sideration of the Senate.
I say, sir, Idonotmenn to prejudge these ques-
tions; but I do insist that a measure of this im-
portance shall not be acted on without due con-
sideration, and in absolute indifference to those
facts which now stare us m the face, glaring upon
us every day in every newspaper that we read.
Sir, you cannot be insensible to facts. It is in
vain that Senators say that Virginia, now in war
against the Union, is entitled to lepi esentation on
this floor, when you have before you the inexora-
ble fact that the greater part of that State is at
this moment in the possession of an armed re-
bellion, and when you have before you the other
fact filling almost all the newspapers of the land
that the body of men who have undertaken to
send a Senator to Congress are little more than
the common council of Alexandria; and you have
the question distinctly presented to you whether
a representative of the common council of Alex-
andria is to enter this Chamber and share the same
poweisand privileges of my honoiabie friend
near me, the Senator from New Yoi k, [Mr. Mor-
gan-,] or my friend further from me, the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan.] I merely
open these points without now undertaking to de-
cide them, but simply as an unanswerable argu-
ment m favor of the reference to the committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am glad, Mr.Piesident,
that we are furnishingcvidence every day that we
are a progressive people. We are learning some-
thing. These points, however, have not been pie-
sented to-day for the first time. I recollect that
when my fnend before me [Mr. Willey] and my
other fnend who is now absent fi om ins -seat [Mr.
Carlile] applied for admission to this body as
Senators from the State of Virginia, a few of us,
a small corporal's guard, objected (not on ac-
count of any personal dislike to those honorable
members) to their being admitted as members of
this body, because we contended then that the
Legislature of the State of Virginia had not sent
those gentlemen heio. "We ihoughtthattheStute
of Virginia then was at war with the Government
of the United States, and we thought that Sena-
tors professing to represent a State should in fact
represent the sovereignty of that State.
So, sir, it is too late for any member of this
body to say that he opens these points now. They
were opened years ago, and to my amazement, if
1 could be amazed at anything transpiring either
here or elsewheie in the country, 1 find some of
those who were then most zealous for admitting
the honorable Senators who claimed to represent
the State of Virginia here, now most vehement
in their opposition to the admission of the new
Senator.
I do not intend to express an opinion on this
matter. I think the credentials ought to be re-
ferred. It will be time enough to express an
opinion whether the gentlemen who profess to
act as the Legislature of Virginia are nothing but
the " common council of Alexandria" when we
shall have the report of the committee. 1 only
rose to say that every day's experience demon-
strates the fact that we are progressing, and pro-
gressing most rapidly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there is
what is populaiiy known as "the Congressional
burying-groundThere they bury bodies. There
are other burymg-places wheie they bury bills and
lesolutions and propositions; many have been
buned within my own knowledge; the Senator
from Massachusetts knows that 1 have some ex-
perience of that kind. To refer this pioposmon
to the Committee on the Judiciary is to bury it;
and there has been no resurrection proclaimed
for any such thing.
I object to the reference. I am prepared to
meet the question in the face. I have my im-
pressions, ami I am prepared for the discussion.
It is a grave matter; and I say the Senate is as
well piepared to discuss and dispose of it now as
it will be at any time, and it may as well be done
now. The State of Virginia is, according to the
philosophy of our Constitution, as I understand
it, a State in this Union. We have certified to
us, under the great seal of the State, the fact that
a certain person has been elected Senator from
that State. It is my impression that that gives
him the right to take the oath of office. I do not
say that is conclusive as to his right to a seat
here; but I say we want no burial of thi^ propo-
sition in the ai ms of a committee where the vaults
are so deep that the sun never lights them and no
sound reaches them.
Mr. FOSTER. When I was up before I sim-
ply suggested that itdid notappearto me that the
question in the case would be raised on a simple
leference of these credentials. I think so now.
No gentleman has suggested that on these cie-
dentials any question but their due legal form
arises, except the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] who cites cases that have been
previously itfened on ci edentials and contidued
on credentials. He has referred to the case of
the State of Indiana. I think that was the only
case named where questions of that sort had been
made on credentials; but in that case there were
lemonstrances against the Senators who applied
under those credentials, and allegations that they
were not duly elected,and those remonstrances,
togethei with the credentials, were referred to the
Judiciary Committee, and that brought up the
question. So far as my recollection or experi-
ence in this body is concerned, there has been no
reference of credentials where any question v.as
involved respecting the right of the membeis to
seats, unless with the refeience of the credentials
there was an instruction to the committee to in-
quire into the other matters which weio in eon-
tioversy touching the right of the rnembeis to be
admitted to their seats; and if the credentials weie
in due and legal form, these extraneous matters
were always connected with the credentials m the
reference, in order that the whole question might
be investigated.
Now, the honorable Senatorfiom Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] -speaks of this as a mighty
question, and lie says that persons who do not
perceive that it is a mighty question are insensi-
ble to its greatness. 1 agtee with him that it is
a great question, and I certainly am not to be
charged with overrating it when I suggest that
the question is too mighty to be raised on the sim-
ple ciedentiuis. Tie speaks of the credentials as
; a certificate toenablea man to sit hcie. By what
