THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a:
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.'
THIRXY-EiGHTH^ONGltESS, 2d SeSSIOK.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1864.
New Series.....No. 6.
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 62) to remove all disqualifications
of color in carrying the mails; and
A bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of Rebecca S.
Harrison.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. STEVENS called up, as a privileged ques-
tion, the message from the Senate in reference to
the adjournment, which was to amend the con-
current resolution so as to make it read as follows:
That when the two Onuses adjourn ou Thursday, the
22d instant, they adjourn to meet on Thursday, January 5,
1865.
Mr. STEVENS. The only change in the reso-
lution is that it now allows the Senate to adjourn
as well as the House. The House had thought
at the time it passed the resolution, that so grave
a body as the Senate might not desire to have a
holiday, and therefore the resolution only pro-
vided for (he House. The Senate, however, took
it into its head to amend the resolution by mak-
ing it apply to both Houses, and I do not know
why we should not assent to that.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was cqncurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of "Ways
and Means, also reported a bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year ending 30th June, 18G5,a d asked that it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. To avoid the necessity of
having the bill read through at the present time,
I rise to inquire whether this bill contains any
appropriations not authorized by existing law.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe not, sir. The
Committee of Ways and Means has left out one
or two matters which were thought to be doubt-
ful.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that it shall bo the understanding that objection
may be taken in the Committee_of the Whole on
the state of the Union as well as if the bill were
in the House under the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to have a defi-
ciency bill put through to-morrow. It is impossible
to look over and compare the estimates. Indeed,
we have not yet received copies of the Secretary
of the Treasury's report and accompanying doc-
uments. They are not yet printed. It is impos-
sible to act on an appropriation bill intelligently
in this kind of way. If I am well informed, there
are many deficiencies in this bill which are not
provided for by law. I do not wish to cause any
delay m the passage of the bill, but without hav-
ing the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
before us, and with no opportunity save the few
hours one may have this evening to compaie the
estimates with the bill, it is quite impossible to
act to-morrow with any^deliberation on so import-
ant a matter as the deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS. We have agreed to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Illinois to allow
objections to be made in the Committee ol the
Whole on the state of the Union. There are some
items in the bill which it is almost absolutely ne-
cessary to have provided for before the adjourn-
ment, and hence we have left out items which we
supposed might be contested. I ask that the bill
may be considered to-morrow. There is not a
great deal in it.
Mr. BROOKS. All that I want is that there
shall be due deliberation, and due time for the
House to act on it.
Mr. STEVENS. If, when it is printed and
taken up to-morrow there should be found any
difficulty in it, the gentleman from New York
can suggest what further course lie desires.
6
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is with
the understanding that all questions of order are
reserved.
The SPEAIiER. That is understood.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also reported a bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending 30th June, 1866, and asked that it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union, printed, and made the special
order for the 9th day of January next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust it will be understood
that this bill comes in on exactly the same terms
as the other bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order for the 9th of January next.
METROPOLITAN RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, reported a bill to
amend the act to incoiporate the Metropolitan
Railway Company of the District of Columbia,
approved July 1,1864, winch was read a first and
second time. It so amends the seventeenth sec-
tion of the act of iucoiporation as to extend the
time for the completion of the railroad line, ex-
cept that part thereof between Seventeenth street
and the Capitol, for one year, provided that the
line between Seventeenth street and the Capitol
lie completed, equipped, and running within ten
days. The second section repeals all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with it.
Mr CHANLER. Is there anything in the bill
in«reference to the cars running on Sunday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair undeistands that
there is not.
The bill was oidercd to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. GANSON. 1 desirS lo suggest the pro-
priety of striking out the second section. That
section is wholly unnecessary, and if enacted it
may go further than we intend. If any prior act
is inconsistent with this, this necessarily repeals
that.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
second section will be stricken out.
There was no objection.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I call for the regular orderof
business.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
that call for a moment, that I may offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. BEAMAN. I yield to the gentleman.
TAXATION OF COASTINC VESSELS.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
stiueted to inquire into the expediency ot amending Sec-
tion one bundled and tlnun of the internal revenue act, so
that coasting vessel- which shall pay an animal tonnage
taxshall he exempt from till'tax of two anil ahall percent,
upon fieisht. &.C., and thu- placed upon the -line looting
as provincial vessel- lnin«iii^ cargoes to our ports.
SALARIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. BEAMAN again called for the regular
order of business, but withdrew the call at the
request of
Mr. SLOAN, who asked unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire as to the expediency of'eguaiizinjt the
salaries of the first or sole assistants in the respective Ex-
ecutive Departments whose duty it is to act as the head of
tiie Departments in the absence, sickness, or other disabil-
ity of the chief of such Departments, by fixing said salaries
at the sum paid to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, or
such other sum as said committee may think proper.'
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. .
Mr. SPALDING demanded the regular order ,
of business; and the Speaker proceeded, as the
regular order, to call the committees for reports.
GOVERNMENT OF REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am directed by the select
committee on the rebellious States to report back,
with certainamendments, the bill (H. R. No. 602)
to guaranty to certain States, whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, a republican
form of government; and I ask that it be now put
upon its passage.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill. While
the reading was in progress,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair is obliged to
ask whether this bill, which is a printed bill with
written interlineations, is the same bill that was
reported on the 15th day of December. As to the
interlineations it is a different bill from that re-
ported on the day mentioned.
Mr. ASHLEY. The interlineations are the
amendments proposed by the committee.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will first be
read as printed, and afterwards the amendments
proposed by the committee will be read.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] that/insiend of having
the bill read, it be postponed until the 10th day
of Jariuaiy. I do not think that we can satisfac-
torily act on it to-day. Let the bill be printed,
with the amendments proposed by the committee.
I think that the bill is too important to be disposed
of to-day. Some gentlemen around me suggest
ihat the bill be postponed till the 5th of January.
I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOLiVlAN. I hopethatthe 5th of Janu-
ary will not be fixed. That is too early a day.
Mr. WILSON. If there is objection, I will
adhere to my first suggestion, that itbe postponed
until the 10th. That will be Tuesday.
Mr. ASHLEY. If it be the opinion of gentle-
men on this side of the House that the bill had
better be postponed, I prefer that it should be
postponed until Friday, the 6th of January.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that,
if it will satisfy the gentleman.
Mr. ASHLEY. If that is the understanding
on this side of the House, and is satisfactory to
gentlemen on ihe other, let it be postponed until
Piiday, the 6th, and be made a special order.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is too early a day.
Mr. COX. I object to so early a day, and I
will state the reason of my objeclion. Reports
are expected from other committees on subjects
cognate to this—among others, the report of the
Committee of Elections on the Louisiana case.
I would like to have all these reports and bills
before the House, and then all these questions
might be considered very well together. There-
fore,! think the gentleman had better name some
time about the 1st of February, or certainly not
earlier than the middle of January.
Mr. ASHLEY. Then I move that the bill be
postponed until the 10th of January, and be the
special order for that day after the morning hour
and until disposed of.
The motion of Mr. Ashley was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire to offer to
this bill an amendment emancipating the wives
and children of all persons who shall enlist in the
armies of the United States, or who may now be
in the armies of the United States, whether in
the rebellious States or any other.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can give
notice of that amendment. At the present time
