1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■847
else does the honorable Senator sit here, except
by what he nails a certificate? He refers to the
honorable Senator from New York, and to the
honorable Senatorfrom Pennsylvania. Bywhat
other tenure do they hold their seats here except
a certificate, if the honorable Senator chooses to
call it so? How does the certificate of either of
those Senators differ from this? It has the seal
of the State sending the Senator, certified by cer-
tain officers. If this has the same, what is the
difference ?
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask my friend a ques-
tion ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER, lknow he will appreciate my
motives. The Senator refers, for instance, to my-
self as a Senator from Massachusetts. Suppose
it was matter of public notoriety that I came into
this Chamber with a certificate from a body of
men in Boston,little more in numberand charac-
ter than the common council of that city, by pub-
lic report not in fact supposed to represent the
State; suppose that that was a fact much received
in the country; then I submit to the Senator
whether it would not be the duty of the Senate
before receiving my credentials to inquire into
their origin.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly. I agree most de-
cidedly in the case put by the honorable Senator
that such would be the duty of the Senate; but if,
in that state of facts, the honorable Senator came
here with credentials verified according to the
usual forms, signed by the Secretary of State of
the State of Massachusetts, with the seal of that
noble Commonwealth attached to the instrument
certifying; that the honorable Senator had been
duly elected a Senator in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States from such a date to such a date, and
that credential was in due and proper form, I sub-
mit with great confidence that on merely referring;
that document to the Judiciary Committee no such
question as the honorable Senator suggests would
be laised before that committee or before the Sen-
ate. The committee would be charged with the
duty of examining that document; and finding-
that certificate (if the honornble Senator thinks
that the proper term) in due and legal form, they
would say so to the Senate, and having said that
they would say no more unless they traveled out
of the record to investigate the point whether the
honorable Senator had been duly elected by the
Legislature of his State, or by the common coun-
cil of the ctty of Boston, or some other body not
authorized by the laws and the Constitution of
the country to elect a Senator. In order to raise
that question it should be sent to the committee
to inquire; it would not arise meiely upon the
reference of the document itself. That is all I say.
1 trust I go as far as the Senator m standing at
the door of this body to inquire by what right mem-
bers come in,and if they come without authority
in saying that they shall not be allowed seats here.
The only point between us is the suggestion which
I have made, and what is that? The honorable
Senator from Michigan says he wants to be in-
formed as to the relation of the State of Virginia
to the United States, and other matters therewith
connected. 1 simply suggest with greatconfidence
that none of those questions arise on the simple
reference of the credentials, but that there should
be some motion to instruct the committee to in-
quire over and above and beyond the credentials,
for the great question here does not arise on the
credentials. 1 do not underrate the question in
point of giavity or importance.
As a member of the committee to whom this
subject was about to be sent if no objection was
made, I did not sec that we should either act be-
yond the credentials when we were not called
upon to act beyond them, or that we should re-
port simply upon the form of the credentials
when it is expected something more should be
done, if something more ought to be done, it
seemed to me the committee should be instructed
to do more; and that something more ought to be
done seems on all sides to be agreed. All i wished
was that the very questions which the honorable
Senator from Michigan suggested should be sent
to the committee for investigation and report; and
I confess it seems to me it would be much simpler
and better to charge the committee to perform the
duty which is expected of them rather than that
they should assume it when they are not charged
with it:
Mr. HOWARD. I am notable to concur with
theSenator from Connecticut in the view he takes
of the duty which will devolve upon the commit-
tee in case of this reference. It seems to me that
the reference would necessarily imply an instruc-
tion from the Senate to the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire into the election, return, and
qualifications of the claimant to a seat in this
body. As I understand it, such is the great ob-
ject of the reference, and that the reference is not
confined simply to the inspection of the seal im-
pressed upon the parchment or paper which comes
here as the credentials of the claimant. It seems
to me the duty of the committee goes beyond the
formality of a mere seal having upon it the effigies
of Virginia and the old motto of the Old Domin-
ion, u Sic semper tyrannis.33 Would the Senator
from Connecticut ignore the fact that under an
act of the Congress of the United States and the
proclamation of the President, old Virginia, and
the whole of it, is declared to be in insurrection
against the United States,and as a communityat
enmity with them? He would ignore this most
lmportantfact according to his construction. He
w- ni'i forget entirely that there are now standing
upon the soil of the Old Dominion half a million
of armed men, testing the question whether that
old Commonwealth shall belong to the United
States or to the counteifeit confederacy instituted
by the rebels. It strikes me that that fact is one
of some little significance, one not to be lightly
treated, and one in the face of which we may well
recoil from suffering her to be represented in this
Senate.
Mt. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I should like to ask him a question
right there, not to interrupt him. I should, like to
ask him whether, if such be the relation between
the State of Virginia and the United States, the
Seriate is not ignoring that condition of things
when :hey admit a man to come into the body, sit
here by couitesy, piesent his credentials, recog-
nize those credentials as proper credentials, at
least so far foi th as to receive them and refer them
to a committee without one woid of comment? In
what position do the Senate of the United States
place themselves on this question if they do that ?
Mr. HOWARD. My object, Mr. President,
is a very simple one. 1 wish to ascertain, with
clearness and precision, by what authority this
claimant comes here and presents himself as en-
titled to a seatin this body. The old State ofVir-
ginia is at war with the United States. This is
not denied by theSenator from Connecticut. Can
he stand up in his place and say to the Senate
that a community hostile to the United States is en-
titled to participate in the legislation of the United
States, either by a Senator or by a Representa-
tive ?
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me
just there, I ask if the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate would not be bound to recognize the
relation of the State of Virginia if the Senate re-
ceive a document purporting to come from that
State, as a State, and ^ent to us for examination?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; the committee, like
other members of the Senate, are obliged to take
notice of all public facts. They are obliged to
take notice of the fact that the President, under
an act of Congress, has declared the State of Vir-
ginia to be in insurrection against our authority.
They would be obliged to go further, and inquire
whether that proclamation has ever been with-
drawn or in any way modified ; whether peace has
been restored to the State of Virginia; and if so,
by what means and whose authority? It seems
to me that tliis question is really incapable of ar-
gument. To say that a community at war with
us, every energy of which has been brought to
bear in the prosecution of a wicked and rebellious
war against us, is entitled to be represented in the
Senate, is to mc just as great an absurdity as it
would be to insist that a foreign country with
whom we are at war is entitled to the right of
^ndmg Senators and Representatives here to par-
ti- -*fo in our legislation.
Why, sir, suppose a very small portion of the
inhabitants of South Carolina, huddling together
under an oak or a pine tree, in some remote nook
of that chivalrous Commonwealth, should see fit
to elect members of the Senate, and should by
some legerdemain get possession of the seal of the
old Commonwealth ofSouth Carolina, or suppose
the icbel governor himself should see fit to im-
press upon the credentials the seal of that ancient
community, aftd the paper should be brought here
and laid before the Senate; according to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, all the inquiry the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary would have to make upon
that subject would be as to the authenticity of the
ancient seal, and that they would not be required
to pass upon the question of the right'of this
usurping legislature.
Mr. FOSTER. I am sorry to trouble the Sen-
ator, but I would like to ask him a question just
there. If an individual should come here offer-
ing credentials as a member of this Senate from
a foreign country, Upper or Lower Canada for
instance, would he receive them and move that
they be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary?
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all; and if I could
have my way I should not receive the credentials
presented here; but I understand they are already
in the possession of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. Then why did not the Sena-
tor object to their being received? If we are in
a state of war with Virginia, why did he not ob-
ject to the credentials being received? If they
are received, on what grounds are they received ?
If they are received, it is because H is the judg-
ment of the Senate that it is right and proper to
receive them. I ask again, if the Judiciary Com-
mittee would not be bound by that fact, and .have
to look at nothing but the credentials referred to
them, whether they were in due and legal form
or not?
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to that I can only
say that my attention was'not given to the sub-
ject at the time these credentials were presented,
and like many other members of the Senate, and
I dare say a large majority of the Senate, I was
taken entirely by surprise by the fact that the
credentials were iaid before us.
Mr. FOSTER. Why not move to have them
rejected instead of having our records at all em-
barrassed by them ? It is perfectly in order so to
move.
M r. HOWARD. It would be in order; and so
it is to have them referred.
Mr. FOSTER. Not if they come from a for-
eign country.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not?
Mr. FOSTER. Because it is a question not
to be entertained by the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. When I spoke of a foreign
country, I meant to say in a very emphatic man-
ner that credentials produced from such a source
could not be entertained; that they would- be of
no validity; that they would be proceeding from
a public enemy; but no more a public enemy
than are the people of Virginia to-day, as has
been decided moie than once by the Supreme
Court of the United States. But in order that no
excuse shall be left to the Senator from Connec-
ticut and those who may think with him, I shall
move to amend the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts by the addition of these words:.
And that the committee be instructed tn inquire and re-
port upon the election, return, and qualifications of the
claimant.
I do this, not because I suppose it to be neces-
sary, for I think all that is implied in the simple
motion to refer the document to that committee,
but for the purpose of ascertaining specifically,
and in an authentic form, by what right it is that
this legislature in Virginia have assumed to ap-
point a Senator of the United States and to send
him here. Sir, this is no liifimg subject. It is
one of the utmost importance. The gentleman
who presents himself here to-day with these cre-
dentials claims the tight to vote in this body and
to participate in the enactmentof our laws. Have
the United States such a power over Virginia as
to enable her population, even if they were dis-
posed, at this time to elect, a Senator? Are we
collecting;any revenue fiom thatStaie ? Are there
a majority of the people of that State who.are
loyal' to the Government of the United States, and
as such now acting in pursuance of their dnLy ?
No, sir; nothing of the kind. It is to my mmd,
as I remarked before, just as absurd to think of
introducing a Senator from such a-community
into this body as it would he to introduce a Sen-
ator from a foreign country with which weshould
be at war. Sir, we have paid too dear, we have
paid a little too much money, we have poured
out a great deal too much blood in resisting the
