82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the bill has passed from the consideration of
•the House.
Mr. FARNSWORJII. Well, I give notice
that I will ofFer such an amendment.
leave to tote.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I was detained
from the House yesterday on account of illness;
and I now ask unanimous consent for leave to
record my vote on the several propositions on
which the yeas and nays were called during ray
absence.
; There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
MAIL CARRIER SYSTEM.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution5 winch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads !} • infctiuetf'd to inquire into the expediency of
so far modifying {lie post office Jaiv*s jn 1 elation to the car-
rier system as to continence delivery of mail matter to
those places only which give promise of its being sed-sus-
taming at an oaily day.
Mr, BOYD, i ask leave to present a private
bill.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. Have we
concluded the eali of committees for reports?
The SPEAKER. The call has not yet been
completed.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ob-
ject, and insist on the call of committees for re-
ports.
FOREIGN MAILS.
Mr. ALLEY. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report a
bill to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for carrying the mails from the United States to
foreign ports, and for other purposes,"approved
March 25, 1664, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask that the bill be put on its
passage, and call for tho previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope tho goniJoman will not
insist on his demand lor flu; previous qiH^tion
until we have had some explanation of the object
and extent of the bill.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. Speaker, I will say, in explanation of the
bill, that at the last session of Congress we adopted
a measure for the transportation of the mails to the
Pacific coast overland and by sea, in winch is a
provision to the effect that all mail matter sent
from tho western boundary of Kansas, or from
the eastern boundary of California, shall not bo
carried, except at the puce of letter postage, ex-
cept one newspaper to bona fide subscribers from
a place of publication. Under the ruling of the
Postmaster General, that newpapers only, and a
single one at that to subsenbers, should be trans-
mitted through the mailsto those points from any
of the offices, excluding periodicals, magazines,
and exchanges, <-umplaint has arisen on the
part, of persons living in the Territories. It has
been found that us poetical operation has been to
do great injustice to the people who are residents
of the Terr.tones, ,ind ii is to piovide against that
injustice that the pending bill has been proposed,
i presume there can be no objection, aw the com-
mittee have i-gteed to the bill unanimously.
The bill was road m <m*£c?sso.
Mr. STEVENS. At the last session of Con-
gress we adopted a pioposmon for the continu-
ance of the ovciland mail f.u one yeai. I want
to know whether, after we passed that bill, a con-
tract was given 10 Air. ilolladay for one year or
for the whole time. I want to know whethcrthis
iiH9 reftuenoc to that matter. If it docs, I shall
ask time to consider it.
Air. ALLEY. I wilt say thatthc pendingnrop*
ositjon has no inference whatever to the bill to
which the gentleman refers. I have no official
information on the subject. I have not had any
correspondence < r conversation with the Post-
master General in relation to that matter, but I
have ifnson to btlieve, from con vernation with
othu parties who claimed to know, that the con-
tract was given to Mr. Hoiladay for the full term
at £-750,000 ner am^on.
Ali-. STEVENS. And not given in accordance
witn our vote for one year?
Mr. ALLEY. S-j I am informed.
Mr. FARN8WORTH. Does the pending bill
in any way affirm or recognize that contract?
Air. ALLEY. This bill has nothing whatever
to do with it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
electoral college.
Air. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back House joint resolution No.
126, declaring certain States notentitled to repre-
sentation m the electoral college, and moved that
it be ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Air. Forixar, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed Senate bill No. 358,
to establish the grade of vice admiral m the Uni-
ted States Navy; and in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
STENOGRAPHER. FOR DISTRICT SUPREME COURT.
Air. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back the petition of Joseph H.
Bradijy and thirty-six others, members of the
bar, for appointment of a short-hand reporter for
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
and moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Air. McBRIDE,from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the payment
of tho value of certain lands and improvements of
private citizens appropriated hy the United States
for Indian reservations m the Territory of Wash-
ington. and asked that it be put on its passage.
The bill \\tas road a first and second time. 0
Air. H0LMAN. The bill contains an appro-
priation, and must, under the rules, go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar. If the gentleman has a written report I
have no objection to its being read.
Air. AlcBRlDE. *1 ask the Clerk to read the
letter I send to his desk.
The letter was read.
Air. 1IOLMAN. It seems to me we ought to
have some time for the examination of this claim,
and I must hence insist upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. As this is an appropriation bill it must
be first considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the atate of tho Union.
Air. MpBRIDE. I ask that a certain time be
fixed for its consideiation.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent; and there is already a page
and a half of hi 11^ on the Calendar which precede it.
Mr. AIcBRIDE. I ask unanimous consent
that it may be set down for consideration on Fri-
day, the 6th day of January, in Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
PAY OF COLORED SOLDIERS, ETC.
ATr. GAR-FIELD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to amend an act en-
titled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
I?9G5, and for other purposes," approved June 16,
lfc>64; which was read a first and second time.
The bill so amends the act referred to as to pro-
vide that all persons of color who have been en-
listed and mustered into the military service of
the United States shall from the time of theiren-
listment be entitled to receive the pay, bounty, and
clothing allowed to such persons by the laws ex-
isting at the time of their enlistment; and also
authorizes the Attorney General to determine any
question of law arising under this provision, and
if the Attorney General shall determine that such
enlisted persons are credited with or entitled to
any pay, bounty, or clothing in addition to what
they have already received, the Secretary of War
shall make all necessary regulations, in connection
with the pay department, to make pay in accord-
ance with such determination.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Air. COX. I would like to have the gentleman
explain the bill.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent, after the previous question is or-
dered.
No objection was made.
Mr. G-ARFIELD. If the gentleman will turn
to page 129 of the Statutes of last session, he will
find in section four of the statute referred to, a
provision which was intended to cover cases of
negro regiments raised in the North that had been
promised full soldiers' pay when they2went into
the service. In order to cover those cases, the
section provided that all persons of color who
were free on the 19th of April, 1861, and had en-
listed subsequently, should be paid according as
the Attorney General should interpret the law in
existence at the time of their enlistment. It js
found that the section met the wants of those col-
ored regiments raised in Massachusetts and Ohio;
but there are some colored soldiers who did not
become free until a date subsequent to the 19th of
April, but were enlisted on precisely the same
terms and pledges as those who have received full
pay. A petition which is now in my hands, and
which has been referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, drawn by Colonel Higgmson, states
that his regiment and two or three others cqme
under this description, and cannot obtain relief
under the provisions of this bill by the clause re-
stricting its action to those who were " free on
the 19th of April." I have therefore recast the
section, leaving out the words "who were free
on the 19th of April." That cures the evil com-
plained of, and does not otherwise change the law.
Air. COX. As I understand it, it puts the negro
soldiers on an equality.
Air. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Air. COX. I have no objection to negro equal-
ity where it is confined to the negro race.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accoid-
ingly read the thiul time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VICE ADMIRAL IN TIIE NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Alassachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back with an
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 606) to create the
grade of vice admual in the Navy.
Mr. RICE, of AlassachuselUs. I would state
that the amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
is in precisely the same terms as the bill which
passed the Senate this morning, and which is now
on the Speaker's table. I ask unanimous consent
to take up that bill and pass upon it m lieu of the
bill I have reported.
No objection being made, the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 358) to establish the grade o)f vice ad-
miral in the Navy of the United States was taken
from the Speaker's table for consideration, and
read a first and second time.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts. I presume that
there can be no objection whatever to the passage
of this bill. I have no disposition to discuss it,
and call the previous question.
Air. GARFIELD. I would like to have the
gentleman from Alassachusetts explain what that
exception in the last section is. The la^t section
states that some section of an act shall not apply
to the vice admiral. What is that?
Air. RICE, of Alassachusetts. It simply pro-
vides that the incumbent of the office of vice ad-
miral shall not be subject to be retired.
The*bil! was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
