1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ever since been the doctrine of that party; they
are in favor positively of nothing, and negatively
opposed to all things. Give me a positive man,
give me a man who is in favor of some doctrine,
and can give a reason for it.
But it was intimated by the gentleman from
New York that after having exhausted every-
thing else, failing back upon the reserved rights
of this nation, in a certain contingency he might
be in favor of war.
State rights! Will some able statesman please
tell us when the Slates obtained their sovereignty ?
Will some student of the history of this Govern-
ment and philosopher of the history of nations
please inform us whether the colonies, separated
as they were and tied to the mother country, had
sovereignty before they were independent colo-
nies and united as States of this Union? Will
gentlemen please let us know whether, during
their existence as colonies, they had any sover-
eignty at all; if they did not oweallegiance to the
mo.ther country, and were not bound to it by a
ligament which held them until, by their own
power as revolutionists, they tore it asunder? I
say that when they became United States they
were not born each independent and sovereign,
but were all born together into the union of these
States. I would like some gentleman to show
us where he gets the doctrine of the sovereignty
of each State. "Homogeneity!" Why, Mr.
Chairman, before this Congress we hardly knew
how to pronounce that word. It is almost like
that other tremendous, jaw-breaking, terrible
word, " miscegenation;" 1 do not know whether
I have got it right. Homogeneity! And yetthe
honorable gentleman from New York, just at the
close of his speech, in that eloquent appeal of his
when he took Massachusetts upon her blind side
and thrilled her to her very extremities, appealed
to her, because he was boin on some of her hills,
to come to the rescue. He argued for an hour and
twenty minutes against homogeneity, and how
did he close? Ah! Mr. Chai rman, how easily
the ingenuity of the head is sometimes overthrown
by the honesty of the heart. He appealed to the
House to come together and vote together, you
from Massachusetts, you from New York, and
you from the West. What is that hut an appeal
to this House to become homogeneous? Homo-
geneity in the House of Representatives is a
powerful thing; it is a thing of force; but homo-
geneity in the American nation is an absurdity,
a chimera. Philosophers and geographers, we
are told, are to utter no such nonsense as that.
Mirabile dictu I
I see now why the Chicago convention adopted
the planks and nominated the candidates it did.
It was because that convention took up the idea
of the honorable gentleman from New York, that
the old scriptural notion that t{ a house divided
against itself cannot stand " is an abxuidity, and
that the reverse is the way to make a powerful
nation; that a house divided against itself is neces-
sary for that purpose. Hence the Chicago con-
vention had one candidate who was for peace and
one who was for wai; a candidate who wrote a
letter of acceptance and one who wrote no letter
of acceptance.
Sir, we havp heard before, and perhaps in this
very speech of the gen tleman from New York, of
the quarrel between the two roses, differing m
disposition as much as in color; we have heard of
the contest between the houses of York and Lan-
caster; but who, until the, able speech of the hon-
orable gentleman from New Yotk, or rather until
the assembling of the Chicago convention, ever
before heard of the quarrel between the two
Georges?
We are told that the head and front of that
ticket—andhereletme say,and I say itsinceiely,
that the second poison on that ticket contained
much the most head there was in it; they say,
however, that the head and front of that ticket
wrote a letter of acceptance. This doctrine of
want of homogeneity was the idea of that con-
vention, and it was upon that principle they ex-
pected their party to succeed. Now, what kind
of a letter was that letter of acceptance? The
design was to have it a war letter. Did you read
that letter? If you read it downwards from the
date, it does look a little warlike and runs smoothly j
along; but just turn it upside down and it is like I
what the Irishman said about the bumble bee;
when it came at him head-foremost he cried out
" What a beautiful bird it is," but when it backed
up against him, u Oh, what hot fait the wee thing
bas." [Laughter.] And so of McClellan's let-
tor of acceptance. Buttheidea was that this want
of homogeneity was to be thegreat doctrine which
should be successful; and no wonder the honorable
gentleman from New York supported the party;
ne is sincere in his theory. Men who are siri&ere
in their theories put them into practice. If it be
true that nations should not be homogeneous, cer-
tainly it must be true that parties should not.
The second candidate on the platform, having
more head, did not write a letter of acceptance,
carrying out the doctrine of State rights. What
business had the national committee of the great
Democratic party with that nomination ? That is
a national doctrine. That is concentration. That
is federalization. That is anti-Statenghtsiza-
tion. liut after the results'of the first elections
in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Indiana began to be
known, a certain candidate for the Governorship
of the State of New York said to himself, " Gen-
eral McClellan is gone; but there is a little chance
for me if I can get something to show that both
these candidates are for war.'* Hence,'"upon the
State rights idea, the chairman of the New York
State central committee writes a letter to the ex-
cellent gentleman who stands number two on the
Chicago platform ticket, and thereto he receives
a reply containing a larger gun of war than the
famous letter of the ancientNapoleon; some peo-
ple call him the modern Napoleon, but 1 call him
the ancient one, for a deader man,a more deeply
buried man than the former favorite of the sol-
diers is not to be found.
Jefferson Davisand GovernoKBrown do notseem
to believe in the idea of homogeneity. They are
quarreling with each otherover the doctrine. The
idea which Govemoi Brown and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] seem to have of a
strong Government is that it shall not be homo-
geneous, but that there shall he kept up an eternal
antagonism. Sir, that is the cause of all our
troubles. We had an antagonism of words for
a while. Now treason has brought that antago-
nism to the cannon's mouth, and the lover of his
country swears that treason must " perish by the
sword, because it has taken up the sword."
Perhaps I ought to ask, on this question of
homogeneity, why it was that these two kinds of
principles were enunciated at the Chicago con-
vention. The leadets of the putty, the able men,
the sincere and eloquent men who believed that
homogeneity was not a principle of strength in
the Government, were shrewd enough to know
that m order to get the votes of both wings of the
Democratic pai ty they must have a war plank
and a peace plank. They knew that the peace
plank would certainly carry all the peace men.
Then they must have a little thunder, a little war,
a little fhig, some stars ghttenng on their banner,
with which to go to the American soldier for hi*
vote. Hence they get up these two pi opositions.
They weie not quite so successful, however, in
cuung their patients of the malady of Union-
ism, and infecting them with the disease of State
rights, as an Irishman was whom 1 once heaul
of. He saw a friend of his in the street one day
wheezing, coughing, and sneezing, just as a great
many people did after the election. Said he to
him,u Jimmy, you have a very bad cold." "Yes,
Jake," said he, " a very large cowld." ** And
I can teli you a fiist-rate cure," said the other.
" I wish you would, foi 1 have been using expec-
torants, and Hollowly's pills,and cough candies,
and such things, and I cannot afford them," said
Jimmy. " Justfollowmy directions. Takeabout
a gallon of first-rate whisky—not any of the
fnnglpfoot article. Put it in a pot on the fire, and
let it boil a good while. After you boil it for an
hour or so put in a little sugar and a tablespoon-
fill of water; not a drop more, or you'll spoil
the mixture. After you've got it boiied down to
half a gallon, put it in a buttle by your bedside.
Take your hat off and hang it upon the bed-post.
Then commence drinking the whisky and looking
at the hat, and looking at the hat and drinking the
whisky till you see two hats, and you're a sound
man." [X,ano;htcr.]
Sir, you will allow me to change the illustra-
tion of the anecdote—" to point the moitil and
adorn the tale." These gentlemen, expecting to
get the votes of all Union lovers in the Democratic
party and the votes of the peace men in the same
party, hung up over thfe bfe8si3§
party not one hat but1 two hats. And tltey?
W* 1X7A/i k. M a     - /• ! -1 - i_ — i* ! — j —j
change the recipe a littlte. Thsyvro'uhi lookups
both hats, and, lying supinely and tiicely bft ifelfe
bed, they wfoul.d jump up oh elfccrioh de&y ml
cheer and hurrah For the succel^of the greUt ©OT-f
ocratic party. Sir, the medicine failed. .
Because there existed still, as I kay thereover
exist in this couhtry, far down iri the. fcfearU '($>
the American people, the love of the Unitfft Wlsi^
is greater than the love of party. < ? "
But, sir, men tell us sometimes that tfVis fS'&A*
abolition war, a Republican war. Sir, I tell /du
that if this were nothing but an abolition or Rfetf
publican war, if this war had to depend tipoH oui-
party ftlone, we would have gone under as a Na-
tion; we would have been submerged, lost, afr4
lost forever. But, sir, there are noblfem'eftm th&t
old Democratic party who will Rtill, when you
touch their love of country, "rally round the
flag;" and they did it in this case. Sir, pferti&ftn
effort'failed of its purpose and of the effectit was
designed to have.
We want " homogeneity" as a nation. Thoasb
who do not wish it as a party are welcome to the
fruits which the want of it brings. Thejeaders
of the Chicago peace party thought that conven-
tion was to be the cradle of anew-born child, arid
a great organization, and supposed that every thing
was going right; but when the winds of October
and*November came, they shook the bough upon
which it hung, and, I was going to say, "down-
came baby and cradle and all." [Laughter.] We
want the homogeneity of patriotism, and not Of
treason; of Unionism, and not of disseveratioYi;
that of geographical and social attachment, and
not of physical disintegration and governmental
antagonism. And, sir, after having attained that,
we will take care of the defenders of the nation.
I wasalittle amused at thatsameChicago plat-
form when it declared, in glowing terms, sympa-
thy with the soldiers of the nation. i( When we
get the power," said the members of that con-
vention, " we will see that the soldiers are re-
warded." Oh, cheap promise! "When they
get the power!" I met a man on the street a few
days before I came here, and he said, " Well,
you used us up at the last election." ts 1 think
that we did," I replied. " But just wait," said
he, " until 1868." Was not that a consolation ?
Oh ! how sweetly we turn back to old memories,
and how fondly hope looks forward to future
party triumphs.
Sir, 1 askthis House who will take care of the
defenders of the nation ? Is it those who on every
occasion, in every legislative assembly, by every
judicial and executive power, obstruct the dibit
to grant to the soldiers theexerciseof the right of
suffiage? Can the soldiers justly look to such a
pat ty for aid, for sympathy, for reward ? Now,
Mr. Chairman, there is, 1 understand, one very
troublesome question to be agitated in this House,
and that is with reference to increasing the sala-
ries of clerks in the Departments. I do not know
whether I ought to commit myself on that ques-
tion, but a man who may never come b$ck here
can talk pretty independently on these matters.
Sir, if our party does what is right, I should be
in favor of a very large increase of the salaries of
those clerks, for I desire that those places shall
be occupied by the brave men who have stood in
the forefront of the battle, until a shattered arm
or an amputated leg has qualified them for the po-
sition. Sir, if such a measure were adopted there
is no extent to which this House would not be
sustained in voting for an increase of these sal-
aries. 1 merely allude to this incidentally, and
to say that in such a way can we show our sym-
pathy for the soldierand our disposition to stand
by him and support him. 1 mean, sir, by rec-
ommending him in preference to all others for
these places and positions, and then paying hirti
well for his time, talents, and labor. And, sir,
we must take care—and I think the honorable
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] yesterday
announced this position—we must take care of
the soldiers'orphan children, and of their widowed
mothers. This is the duty of this Hodse, and by
measures to that end we can, as a party* show
our sympathy-lor the defenders of our flag.
Do you tell me to be kind, to be lenient, t<y be"
merciful to those traitors in arms who have dd-"
