1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
an acre, they must buy land adjoining the Charles-
town navy-yard at something like fifty thousand
dollars an acre, and after they had got that and
still refused to carry out the law for the enlarge-
ment of the Portsmouth navy-yard they came
next year to Congress and asked permission to
purchase another piece of land at Charlestown
which a couple of speculators had bought for the
express purpose of selling to the Government.
By some means, I do not know what—they were
undoubtedly honest means—they induced the
House of Representatives to insert authority for
that in the naval appropriation bill. It came to
the Senate, and was so fully exposed here that
the Senate by a very decided vote refused to give
their sanction to it, and this year we have not
been troubled with any more speculations about
land adjoining the Charlestown navy-yard; but
still this law in regard to the enlargement of the
Portsmouth navy-yard remains unexecuted, and
the want of a hospital which was to be built there
still remains. .
This matter was brought up at the lnsjt session
of Congress, and a law was then passed oppro-
priating $25,000 for building a hospital, leaving
the Department to settle its location. On the 18th
of March, 1864, Mr. Whelan, who had decided
that the old yard was a good enough place for
the hospital, and suggested that Congress were
corrupt in trying to get it located anywhere else,
addressed this letter to the Secretary of theNavy:
" Sir : An act of Congress (No. 94) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30,1864, appropriates $25,000 for erecting a
naval hospital at Kittery, Maine, and according to the de-
bate in the Senate, as reported in the Daily Globe of the
13th ultimo, it was the understanding that the site was to
be selected within or without the limits of the navy-yard,
as might be found most judicious and expedient.
" As considerable feeling has been manifested on the sub-
ject, as the selection of a site may or may not involve ad-
ditional outlays of money, I have the honor to suggest that
this subject may be confided to"—
Whom? To himself, who had already decided,
and said Congress were corrupt in doing anything
else than what he thought proper—
" to a board, consisting of Commodore John Pope, United
States Navy, Surgeon Charles Chase, United States Navy,
the surgeon of the navy-yard, Portsmouth, the chief of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, subject, of course, to the
final approval of the honorable Secretary of the Navy; the
board to meet at the navy-yard, Portsmouth, on Friday,
the 25th instant."
There was W. Whelan, who had already de-
cided that the old site was the best one for it,se-
lecting himself and three of his subordinates,
together with Captain Pope, to settle the question
which he had already decided; and what did the
Secretary do? The Secretary simply indorsed,
" Recommendation approved." Mr. Whelan
says, " I appoint myself to adjudicate a question
upon which there has been great interest, a ques-
tion that I have already decided, and I associate
with me three subordinates under me, together
with Captain Pope, to go down and settle this
question." They went down and reported just
exactly what you might have supposed they
would report; just exactly what Whelan had de-
cided before. This was such an outrage and was
so felt by everybody who knew anything about
it, that the Senators from New Hampshire and
Maine, and the Representatives from those States,
united in a representation to the Secretary of the
Navy about the last of March, showing the rea-
sons why the hospital should not be built where
Mr. Whelan wanted to put it, and concludcd with
this remark:
"We should much prefer seeing the law making the ap-
propuatioti lot- the hospital repealed to Imvmg it thus ex-
pended. Besides, wo cannot conceive what can induce
the Government to place this hospital on tins particular
yard, when it has not been done in any other navy-yaid,
so far as wo are advised, in the United States."
This was signed by all the Senators and Rep-
resentatives- from Maine and New Hampshire
except Mr. Sweat, who was not then here. To
that long argument which we presented express-
ing the wish that the appropriation should he re-
pealed rather than that the hospital should be
built there, what answer did we get. I will tell
you. This is from the chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery:
"As the site for a hospital at the navy-yard, Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, as It is usually called, had been made the
subject of piotraeted discussion, owinsj to considerations
Jiot entirely pertinent to the real issue, tile Depjmjuent
confided the duty of selection to a boaid of four officers,
three of whom enjoyed the great advantage by long service
on tile station, of entire familiarity with the topography,
or any natural or artificial features of the ground."
He goes on and states what they did, and says:
" But curious to remark, the objections did not emanate
from any one of the many medical officers or commandants
who have served on the station, or whose particular expe-
rience was so valuable, but from gentlemen of other pur-
suits, or of civil life; and among them those whose judg-
ment was not wholly devoid of that bias which private
interests are apt, even unconsciously, to create."
Here, then, the delegations of Maine and New
Hampshire in the House of Representatives and
in the Senate are again insulted by the head of
the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, by being
told that they are not devoid of the bias which
private interest creates. This is three times that
this insinuation is thus broadly cast in the face
of Congress for the honest exeruise of their duty.
He says that the proposition to buy this piece of
land was not recommended by the commandant
of the yard. The fact is that it was recommened
by Captain Pearson who had been for a long time
at the yard, and it was recommended by a board
of officers that were sent there to examine it, and
who gave especial reasons why it was the best
place, and presented an array of facts why the
hospital should not be put in the midst of the
navy-yard containingal together only about sixty
acres. This was presented so forcibly that even
the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, who
had determined from the outset not to execute the
law, was compelled to say, " the objections raised
to the construction of a hospital in the navy-yard
are in some respects well taken;" and then he
wound up with this very satisfactory remark:
" In this matter I have been guided by what I have con-
sidered a conscientious sense of duty, and shall be happy
to receive such instructions as will enable me to further
the public interests, and conform to the law in letter and
spirit."
It happened, fortunately for the argument of
thoBe who were opposed to locating the hosptital
on Seavey's island, but unfortunately for those
who contended for its being placed in the navy-
yard, that the very evil which the Senators and
Representatives from Maine and New Hampshire
suggested actually happened. A vessel came in
there during the next summer with a contagious
disease on board; the master mechanic of the de-
partment of lumber, I believe, died of the disease,
and such consternation was produced there in the
yard that work was nearly or almost entirely sus-
pended for a long time, simply because, owing to
the perversity and obstinacy of the chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, to whom the Secre-
tary had committed this matter, he would not ex-
ecute this plain law.
Mr. President, we yesterday agreed to an ap-
propriation of I do not know how much money
for enlarging a lot near the Washington navy-
yard, and for various other purposes in connec-
tion with othernavy-yards. 1 suppose thatwhen
Congress pass such appropriations it is supposed
they will be carried into execution; but if the
chief of some bureau thinks itunwise, or takes it
into his head that Congress have been governed
by private and personal motives in making the
appropriations, here you have an example before
you in which the authority cf law and the author-
ity of Congress has been denied and defied. When-
ever I have undertaken, in the discharge of the
duties which devolve upon me, to have this law
carried out—a law not originating with me, with
the origin of which I had nothing to do, and
about which X knew nothing until it came to us
from the House of Representatives, where the
provision was inserted on the motion of the dis-
tinguished gentleman who then represented that
district—whenever I have undertaken in any way
to have the law carried out, the outcry has been
at once, " You have a quarrel a bout that." What
quarrel? I have no quarrel with anybody oil
earth except those who set the law at defiance.
All I ask is that the law may be executed and
observed. When the appropriation bill came here
last year, making an appropriation of $25,000 for
building a hospital at Kittery, it was said to me,
" You havegotaquarreldown there;" and I think
the gentleman who was then at the head of the
Committee on Finance reported from that com-
mittee that the approprietion should be stricken
out on the ground that we had a quarrel. 1 do
not know what they mean by a quarrel. I have
no quarrel with them. All on earth I ask or ever
have asked is that the plain, explicit, undeniable
provisions of law should be carriedsout and exe-
cuted; that the Portsmouth navy-yard, which is
the best and deepest harbor on this continent—a
yard where ships can floatin tide-waterof thirty-
five feet at low tide, ami tne water along the land
immediately adjacent has the same depth; I have
only asked that an appropriation for the accom-
modation of that yard shall be carried out. There
the land necessary can be purchased at §500 an
acre, and the appropriation was made on that
basis; but that law has not been carried out, and
the Department have gone to Charlestown, that
has not half so good a harbor, and bought land
at $50,000 an acre, and not content with that, have
offered to buy more which speculators had got
hold of for the purpose of selling to the Govern-
ment. I simply say that it seems to me there
ought to be some power somewhere to see that
injustice is not done, and that the laws of Con-
gress are carried out.
This is all i am going to say about that sub-
ject, and I have now a few words to say in regard
to the matter immediately pending before the Sen-
ate, which is the amendment submitted by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] for
the establishment of a naval board. I do not
know much about nav,al boards; 1 have no great
confidence that any great good will come out of
this proposition if it be adopted; but of one
thing I am absolutely certain, that it cannot be any
worse than what we nave now. The fact which was
disclosed by the Senator from Ohio upon the floor
of the Senate yesterday is one of the most dis-
graceful facts to be found in the history of any
civilized nation on God's earth. What is it? We
have, being in a war with the rebels, made an
appropriation to build twenty ships-of-war. The
nation is waiting for them; impatient for them.
What has been done? The Department goes on
and builds those twenty ships-of-war, and when
they are done, twenty of the blocks of marble
that are now being used in the construction of
your Capitol would be just as good for the pur-
pose for which the ships were intended, that is,
for floating. Twenty ships were built that would
not float.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] yesterday deprecated the idea of any ac-
tion being taken here on testimony that the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio said was yet in cipher,
in stenography, and still he said that there had
been some evidence submitted to the Committee
on Naval Affairs that thes% vessels were very ex-
cellent for something, he did not say what. I am
glad of it. I shall be pleasetj, when that evidence
comes out, to know what it is they are good for.
That they can be made to float 1 have no doubt.
So can a grindstone be made to float if you will
frame buoyant stuff enough around it to make it
float; and 1 suppose these vessels will float in the
same way. But for the purpose for which they
were intended, light-draught monitors with turrets
carrying guns, if the testimony referred to by the
honorable Senator from Ohio is to be credited,
they are utterly worthless, and are an entire fail-
ure. The committee of which he is chairman
were instructed to inquire who were responsible
for the plans of these vessels, and I am sorry
that we have not got their report.
When we are in the midst of this struggle for
the national life, anil when the Navy is the right
arm with which the nationalise is to be sustained;
when, as I showed you last year, we are making
appropriations for our naval armament equal to
those of the whole civilized world, how is it that we
have in the Navy Department no power, no skill,
no talent to tell whether when a vessel is built it
will swim or sink? Is it nota humiliating fact for
this nation to be pouring out its treasure as it has
poured it out for the building of vessels that, for
all practical purposes for which they were wanted,
are, to say the least, a total and entire failure?
Mr. President, it is one of the most humiliating
facts that the history of this war or the history of
this world presents, that in this day of light, this
age of science, when so much has been done for
naval architecture and naval armament, such a.
fleet as this should be built at such expense, and
the only voyage it can pos.sibly take is from the
surface to the bottom of the sea.
1 do not know, Mr. President, that I can remedy
these things; I do not know that there is any
