THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
to Congress. Congress has not that power, that
power having been reserved to the States them-
selves. I do not stand here as the apologist for
slavery, i recognize the soundness of the doctrine
enunciated by Stephen A. Douglas, when he said
that he did not care whether Congress voted
slavery up or down, for the reason that it is none
of our business. When we govern ourselves in
Illinois, we are content. We have no right to at-
tempt to control the domestic institutions of Ken-
tucky and Missouri. That is a sovereign right
which they have never surrendered to the General
Government.
I ask you, Mr. Chairman, and the honorable
members of this House, whether we had not better
content ourselves with standing'by the Govern-
ment as it came from the hands of our fatheis?
We recognize the principle that each State has i he
right to control and manage its own domestic in-
stitutions in its own way. It is not haidtoget
back to the fundamental principles of ourfathers,
under which we prospered and flourished for the
last seventy-five years. Itisa simplequesiion of
attending to our own business, and letting every
one else alone. That is all. When you narrow
down the contest, itcornes to this, that each State
shall attend to its own affairs, and leave those
of others alone, i submit to the consideration of
the House whether it is not better to so determ-
ine. ,
We are engaged in one of the most extraordi-
nary wars the world haw ever seen. Is it not a
time that we should attempt to conciliate and har-
monize the public sentiment of the country? 1
believe that there may be reconciliation, and that
we may grow happy and prosperous as in years
past. Such is the desire of my heart. It is the
great object 1 have in view, and I shall do all 1
can to bring about so desirable a result.
A time of civil war is no time in which to change
the institutions of this country. 1 know that al-
terations of the Constitution are urged. This is
no time to change our organic law. Let us stand
by our Government as our fathers made it. Let
us abide by the Constitution as it came from their
hands. Why, 1 would as soon tiust Washing-
ton,and Jefferson, and Adams, and Franklin, as I
would the distinguished gentlemen of this House,
for whom I have so high a regard. And I sub-
mit to the House whether it is not better that we
should attempt, by some conciliating means, to
restore this Government. 1 know gentlemen tell
US 14 You talk about compromise; we are opposed
to compromise.9i.Now,I want you to think a little
about that, as calm and candid men. You say
you are opposed to compromise. v Do not you
know that this Government was founded on com-
promises? Do not you know that tins Govern-
ment could never have, been formed except by
compromise? Washington, and Jefferson, and
Madison,and Franklin, and then illustrious com-
peers were not afraid ofcompromise, They were
men who were willing to compromise. The Gov-
ernment was not only made by compromises, hut
it has been maintained by compromise from that
day to this.
In 1833, when there was danger of a collision
in this country, you know the action of Henry
Clay, the idol of his party at that day. He came
forward and proposed to reduce the tariff to
twenty per cent, as a peace offering. You recol-
lect that in 1820, when the Missouri question was
distracting this country, Henry Clay came in
with his compi omise and pence measures, extend-
ing the line of 36° 30' to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask ray
colleague what kind of a compromise he would
propose, which would lead in his opinion to a
restoration of the Union. I have failed to ascer-
tain from him or from anybody else the sort of
compromise which will answer.
Mr. ROSS. I am wedded to no particular plan.
What 1 desire is a restoration of the Government,
and I will tell the gentleman what I believe 1 would
do. I believe I would ask an armistice and a na-
tional convention with a view to settling our diffi-
culties, and m my judgment the people of this
country never would permit that national conven-
tion to adjourn until they had agreed upon peace
and a restored Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If my colleague were
a member of that convention what sort of a basis
would he propose by way of compromise >
Mr. ROSS. I would propose the old Consti-
tution, the old Union, the old flag, and the old
Democratic party to administer it. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They had all that when
they went out. They had the whole of that un-
der Buchanan.
Mr, VOORHEES. I object to further interup-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I am not disposed to experiment
in this matter a great deal. We got along very
well for seventy-fiye years, and I do not want a
better condition of things than we had then. We
had peace, nationality, and such an extent of
prosperity as never before blessed any nation. We
astonished ourselves at the magnitude of our
prosperity.
Now, what is the use of throwing all that
away by experiment? What is the use of at-
tempting to better a condition of things already
good enough? Daniel Webster, I think it was,
said it was best to let well enough alone.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did not the rebels
have the old Constitution, the old flag, and the
old Democratic party in power?
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 object to interruption.
Mr. ROSS. And the trouble is that you turned
them out. We had peace and prosperity all over
this country during the reign of the Democratic
party. They had the reins of this Government
for sixty years, and we never infringed upon the
rights of any man. Our name was respected at
home and abroad, upon land and sea. Wherever
our flag took our citizens, their rights were re-
spected. When these gentlemen made an on-
slaught upon the Democratic party on account of
the Mexican war we did not imprison any of
them, or stop their presses; but gave them the
right of the writ of habeas corpus. And I propose
to extend that right to them again when we get
into power once more. What we want now is
the restored flag, the old Union, the old nation-
ality.
1 know those gentlemen fell us all the time there
can be no compromise made. 1 have heard it said
upon every street corner that if you would give
the inbelsasheet of blank paper, and let them
write out the terms of peace, they would not write
any terms except those of absolute independence.
Now, sir, 1 want it distinctly understoood that
I never have been in favor of a division of this
Government,and 1 am not now. I want the whole
Union—every part of it. But I would rather have
it by compromise than by fighting. I would
rather have restored peace and union by compro-
mise than by war.
Gentlemen know very well the danger which
we are all the time incurring by the prosecution
of this civil war. The despotisms of the Old
World do not love us. Some people thought it
strange that ihey should take the side of the South,
but there was nothing strange about it. They
took the side of the South because the South was
the weakest; and whenever'we are the weakest
they will take our side. They want us destroyed
and to see this Government used up.
Well, now, we have run agieat many narrow
risks since this war commenced of complications
with foreign Governments. We have been on the
very eve of such difficulties all the time. I ask
gentlemen if it would not be better to do as Wash-
ington and Jefferson and Madison and Jackson
and Clay and Webster and all those great men
did, and say that we are not too great to compro-
mise. They weic not too great to compromise;
they were wi-Hingto compromise; they compro-
mised in making the Government, and in uphold-
ing and maintaining it.
Gentlemen asked," what do you want?" I want
whatever is right and fair, and 1 want a national
convention of honest men to determine what is
right and fair. 1 think we have been in some
degree, perhaps, in the wrong, The gentleman
from Pennsylvania says that you cannot point to
anything that the South had a light to complain
of. I ask if they had no right to complain of the
violation of the principle of the fugitive slave law.
It was a constitutional provision and was the law
of the land But you know that they passed
M personal liberty bi!ls"m New England by winch
they confined persons in prison who undertook
to carry out that law and attorneys who would
take the cases of those men who attempted to re-
cover fugitive slaves. 1 ask if then; is no cause
of complaint in that. I think there is; and these
things might be settled.
i am willing to let them have their institution
of slavery until they get tired of it. I do nor want
it in Illinois, but I take it that it is the right of
each State in the Union to have and maintain sla-
very if they desire it. When you strike down
this right you violate the principle of the Govern-
ment, which is that the States shall have the right
to determine for themselves the^kind of institu-
tions they will have.
Now, what objection can there be to having a
national convention? Gentlemen tell us that we
cannot get peace from the South by such means.
Well, what hurt will it do to make an offerofit ?
Suppose we make the proposition. You know
that a great many men think differently on the
subject. I have thought at times that the reason
why you did not make any propositionsof peaca
with a restored Union was that you were afraid
they would be accepted. That is my theory; I
hope I am mistaken.
Now, 1 am not disposed to give up this Gov-
ernment any more than you are. It is my Gov-
ernment; I intend to maintain it in every way J
can; but I submit to you in all candor if we can-
not do it better by compromise than by fighting.
What use will thissouthern country be to us after
our armies have conquered it? We must have
the consent of the people before it will be of any
service to us. Your bill which provides for the
appointment of governors and other officers there
is in violation of the principle of our Government.
The principle on which ourGovernmentis founded
is the consent of the governed. You must have
the hearts and affections of the people or you can-
not maintain a Governmentlike this. Wesetout
on the hypothesis that we could maintain a Gov-
ernment here without any great standing army or
powerful navy. ltVorked beautifully for sev-
enty-five years. We did not tax the people as
they do in the despotisms of the Old World to keep
up a large standing army and a navy. The people
loved the Government. They did not require an
army to keep them in subjection. When you
have to force the people to remain under the gov-
ernment, you must have a large army and navy,
which necessarily involves great expenditures of
money and high taxes.
I submit to you, Mr. Chairman, whether we
ought not now to fall back on common sense and
on the principles of the Government as our fa-
thers made it. Let us settle with these men in the
South if we can do it on honorable and fair terms.
Then we will not have cause to be afraid of for-
eign intervention. I want to maintain the old
Monroe doctrine which has grown obsolete since
the present Administration came into power. I
want to restore thatgreat principle. Suppose we
settle up our own internal difficulties and place
Grant, Sherman, Lee, and our other great gen-
erals with consolidated and combined armies in
Mexico and run the Fieneh out—can we do any-
thing else that will so nationalize the popular heart
and give peace and quiet to the country? Let us
not be wasting our time and energies m quarrel-
ing about old issues until some foreign Govern-
ment steps in and takes our liberties from us.
These foreign Governments do not like us. They
would like to see the failure of this experiment
of free government on this continent.
I submit, then, Mr. Chairman, whether it would
not be better for us to have a national conven-
tion.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask him a question ?
The CH AIRM AN. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Eden] objects to his being interrupted.
Mr. ROSS, i have no objection to answering
any legitimate and proper question.
Mr. EDEN. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. My ques-
tion is this: how are you to get at this national
convention ?
Mi. ROSS. I think that if a national conven-
tion were pioposcd by our Government, and re-
fused by the confederate government, there would
he some difference in the feelings of some men in
the country in regard to the prosecution of the
war.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. By what
authority can ourGovernment propose it—where
is the power?
Mr. GAjN'SON. In^ "military necessity."
[Laughiei.]
Air. ROSS. I suppose there is the same kind
