654
THE COITGKESSIONAI* GTLOB&
February 17,
remedy. Perhaps I may be accused of hostility
to the Administration because X point out with
the faithfulness of a friend these gross, enoimoua,
outrageous errors. Mr. President,shall we shut
our eyes, shall we be blind, to any failure? 1
should not be astonished if, in the course of a
short time, we should have a resolution intro-
duced thanking the Assistant Secretary of the
.Navy for the consummate skill, profound science,
and great foresight with which he planned these
twenty light-draught iron-clad monitors!
Mr. President, 1 believe that we have a country
to serve as well as a party, and I believe that it
is the duty of a man who recognizes the claims of
country above party, with the voice of truth and
fidelity to stand up and point out these things.
It is a thankless job. No man gets any thanks
for it. It is an unpleasant job; but it is like that
which is required of the faithful physician who,
when the patient is wounded, seeks with the fidel-
ity of a tnend to probe the wound that its rotten-
ness may be exposed and healing commence.
That is what I have endeavored to do. I believe
that we want reformation. 1 do not know that
it wiii come.^ I do not know but that the pur-
pose of God in reference to this nation is some-
thing like that which it is said He entertained to-
ward His chosen people of old when He thinned
out the army of Gideon and reduced it to a handful,
so that when salvation came it might not be said
that it came by man's strength or man's wisdom,
but it came from the good hand of God. Well,
sir, if we succeed, as 1 have no doubt we shall,
for I have no doubt, notwithstanding we built
iron-clad monitors to go to the bottom of thesea,
that there is enough of energy left, despite such
blundering, there is enough of skill despite such
ignorance, there is enough left in the country and
ill the Navy to do what the country expects of it.
Mr. President, one of the emperors of Rome
was elevated to the purple from having been a
Thracian peasant; and Gibbon remarks of him
that the emperor never forgave those who, under
the humble garb of a Thracian peasant, did not
recognize the latent dignity of an emperor. Sir,
there are some of the bravest, and the truest,and
the most patriotic men of'our Navy who are suf-
fering the crudest injustice to-day because they
did not have the like sagacity when the present
Assistant Secretary of the Navy was a midship-
man. That I know. I do not know that I can
induce any reform; but, sir, the world was not
made in a day, and I do not think it will go out
in a day. If I cannot reform these things, if I
cannot induce the Government to apply a correct-
ive, I want to hold them up in a moral pillory,
where the indignation of coming ages shall blast
them, and blast them forever. That is my pur-
pose, Mr. President. I want to be just; and 1 tell
you that in the struggle which you are carrying
on you want not only all the bravery, and all the
patriotism, and all the courage of your sons on
land and sea, but you want all the skill, all the
science, that you can possibly command, to meet
the tremendous emergencies of this day and this
hour.
Mr. President, the day for quackery and im-
posture and pretension and ignorance and arro-
gance ought to have passed, and passed long ago.
I do not think it is too much to say that if in the
place of the qualities I have just named we had had
that science which we might have commanded,
if we had had the science and the skill and the
ability which are abundant in this country, and we
had used it, the pecuniary saving would have
been astounding; $500,000,000 would not pay
what the country has sacrificed in employing
quackery instead of science.
Mr. President, as I said before, I take no pleas-
ure in these tlungs, other than the pleasure of
performing my duty, a painful duty, not a pleas-
ant one. I am about to leave the Senate. I came
into the Senate alone; nobody sympathized with
the peculiar views that I entertained; and, God
helping me, I believe 1 shall have to go out of it
alone. In regard to these views which 1 enter-
tain, and which I think ought to be applied to the
administration of this Government, I have I do
not like to say it, but I cannot help it—an un-
comfortable way of telling the truth. I am like
the oid fellow who once said, when called upon
to make an apology before his daughters, " You ■
toast not mind what I tuy, beeaam I am ane of
those plain old fellows who always Nay what they
think." !t is so with me. I tame here alone,
and, as 1 said, I am about to go out alone.
Let me say a word now about our Republican
party or our Union party. 1 know that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance is growing
a little impatient, but I beg his pardon while 1
continue a little longer. Mr. President, the his-
tory of thaUparty which has controlled this coun-
try recently, I do not say it controls it now, but
the history of that party which made the great
revolution in politics is a very curious and a very
instructive one. We began when we were but a
handful. I rccognize around me now but very
few faces that were familiar in those early con-
flicts and struggles; but we went on. We were
defeated; we expected to be, and we went to
work and prepared to be defeated again the next
year. Wo expected it and we got it; we were not
disappointed. We were not a " healthy political
organization," as was said on this floor. By and
by, however, we began to increase little by little,
but still we only increased to be defeated. The
party with which I acted at that time wanted a
candidate for the Presidency. They wanted a
man who was ready to be abused, vilified, de-
nounced, sneered at. They wanted a man who
should be a mark, a butt for the ridicule of Whigs
and Democrats. I thank my friends that they
did me the honor to select me for that place.
I stood up at a time when ignominy and reproach
was all that was within my possible reach. Still j
we increased. In the first place we beat the Whig ;
party in 1852, or we did a very considerable part j
toward it. Do yon remember, sir, a remark that j
Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, made on this floor? j
There was no Whig in the United States who !
deplored the destruction of the Whig party more I
than Mr. R. M. T. Hunter, of Virginia, for, said j
he, and it did great credit to his sagacity, " if !
you put down the Whig party, the probability is j
that you will get another party in its place that it j
will not be so easy to beat."
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Senator
if Mr. Hunter's expression was not in this form,
that if they put down the Whig party they would
get another party in its place that would have no
such honest principles and purposes as the Whig
party.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt that is the way
the Senator from Kentucky would have expressed
it if he had been talking about it at that time,
[laughter,] but that is not the way I understand it;
that is not according to my recollection. How-
ever, sir, we continued to increase, and by and by
it began to look as if this new party would at
length, at some time, have the loaves and fishes
of office to dispense. Then it seemed as if a new
political Pentecost came on the land. Converts
came faster than we could discipline them. The
doors of the party were wide open like the sanc-
tuary of God to all offenders, and the thief and
the hypocrite did not stumble on its threshold,
but in they came; and the profligate in life, the
venal in politics, the malignant at heart, and the
brutal in manner, all came in with the great mul-
titude of the poor and the honest and the disin-
terested and the patriotic. But, sir, when the
apostles went fishing and threw out their nets and
made a great haul, they caugh t fish of every kind.
So all these people came in and we were a great
party. It happened to us just as ithas happened
to a great many before, and will happen a great
many times again: the converts that were the most
recent and from the most bitter of our opponents
were the most noisy in professions of zeal for their
new-found faith. I confess, Mr. President, that
I was astonished beyond measure when I found out
after we actually came into power that all the offi-
cers at the other end of the avenue, in the Treas-
ury, the Post Office, the War, and all the other
Departments, had always been Republicans, and
the great trial of their life had been to smother
their deep convictions upon the subject of anti-
slavery,and their great joy was thntin the provi-
dence of God a time had come when there was no
obligation on them to be hypocrites any longer,
but when they could act with the party with
which they had always sympathized. [Laughter,]
That has been our experience. Well, sir, these
new men got in, and they began to say to the
older, though certainly not the better soldiers:
" Yea hava performed your rnisiion; the Opposl'J ['
tion was n good place for you; you were capital
for denouncing the Democrats, and you put them
down; but we do not think upon the whole that
you are quite so good to -run this machine as we."
Very good, sir, we acceded to the propriety of
the proposition, and the history of the country is
demonstrating the truth that history has demon-
strated a thousand times before—it is the history
of politics, it is the history of humanity, it is the
history of the world.
Mr. CONNESS. A law of nature.
Mr. HALE. Yes, it is with some natures.
That is a fact, it is a law of nature. I do not
mention these things to find fault with them. I
am perfectly content that things shall be as they
are. 1 believe that we are not governed entirely
by accident, but that there is a Providence in
these matters, that Providence shapes our ends
and guides the means by which they are to b8
brought about.
Hut, Mr. President, in conclusion let me say
that 1 mviie the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
to send anotlrer commission to Portsmouth; and
if be would like them to go to Dover I will treat
them as handsomely as I once promised a Senator
from Mississippi I would treat him if he would
come to New Hampshire, and he may "camp"
on my " ti ack," and when he finds anything that
will impeach my integrity, or throw a shadow of
doubt oil my perfect purity in anything that re-
lates to this Government I will consent that this
committee shall be entertained as they are now
entertained in n style of princely and costly ex-
travagance at the Continental Hotel, in Philadel-
phia, in a manner of which, I am informed, ths
present Secretary of the Navy has said that if the
bills were published they would disgrace the De-
partment. I do not know that that is so; I have
no evidence of it; that is to say, I have no evi-
dence that I should be willing to hring forward;
1 believe it, though.
Now, sir, in regard to this biH, I do not know-
that 1 shall vote against it. I did ask the honor-
able chairman % the Committee on Finance for
what §250,000 %is wanted far the contingent ex-
penses of the Departments-land his answer—it
was a sufficient |ne, and fjifily satisfied him and
satisfied me—wa^that it -\$as the same sum that
had always been wproprisSfed. I am willing that
it shall be expended unfer the judicious or in-
judicious arrangement of the Department, as the
emeigeneies of the country may requite. But,
sir, there are some other things about the Navy
Department with whi§h I am not entirely in ac-
cord. You have a | av on your statute-books au-
thorizing certain individuals, I think, who have
received the thanks of Congress by name, to be
appointed rear admirals in the Navy, and provid-
ing some other qualifications for these appoint-
ments, which I do notnowremember,and I have
not the law before me. How has it been executed ?
The Secretary of the Navy has created a new
office, which is exactly equal to it. By simply
prefixing the word " acting," it does not require
anything else, he may take out of the line of
promotion, as he does, any individual that his
caprice, his partiality, his whim, may sugffest,
and call him an " acting rear admiral," an^offii-e
not known to the law, and by virtue of which he
may put money in his pocket beyond the hopes of
the most ambitious; and it has been done.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind enough
to inform the Senate in what cases that has oc-
curred ?
Mr. HALE. Where the Secretary has ap-
pointed acting rear admirals ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. HALE. I suppose the Senator does not
ask that question for his own information.
• 1 do. I am not conscious of
its having been done. During this session—it is a
matter that has pa*sed now out of executive ses-
sion, and I suppose it is not improper for me to
speak of it here—we have confirmed two men
,yore sen't0 us as flag-officers, Commodore
otnbhng and Commodore Pearson, under the au-
thority vested in the Secretary of the Navy by
the fiiwofCoiigross. He has the express authority
to select any officer from any grade and put him
m command of a fleet or squadron wherever he
pleases. Such officers have eho&en to assume the
title of "acting rear admiral," as the post cap-
tains w«rd in the habit before the law of 1863 wai
