1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of authority for it as that under which the war is
prosecuted—-the Executive will. I do not see any
objection to the pioposition.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. What
power is there to call such a convention without
violating the Constitution, which provides that,
on application of two thiids of the States, Con-
gress shall call a national convention?
Mr. ROSS. I think there is no difficulty in the
matter win-never tins is desired. But the trouble
with the gentleman from Massachusetts and his
friends is that they do not want such a thing.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I want
to proceed according to the Constitution.
Mr. ROSS. So do I. I am for the Constitu-
tion and for the Union, maintaining it in all US
.parts just as it was, with such amendments as we
may see fit to make. If it is defective I am will-
ing that it shall he amended. There is nothing
strange or novel in my position. I have been for
the Union all the time. I have not been very
fierce in the prosecu'ion of this war. [Laughter.]
I have no disposition to disguise my feelings on
thy subject. I will tell you why I have not been.
Because I thought the war might have been hon-
orably avoided, I knew that peace propositions
introduced by Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Douglas, and
Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, were voted down in this
House. I noticed that when Mr. Clem-ens, of
Virginia, introduced a proposition to submit the
Crittenden compromise to a vote of the people of
the United States the majority in this House voted
it down. And I was irresistibly led to the con-
clusion that they desired war and not pcace.
Another thing brought me to this conclusion.
At the time the peace convention was in session
in Washington city, a distinguished member of
the Republican party teh graphed home, '{ Send
us stiff-backed men or none." Said ho, " Illi-
nois and New Jcisey are caving in. Without a
little blood-letting tins country will not be worth
fl curse.55 From these facts 1 have been drawn
to the conclusion that there were many in the
country who desired war arid not pcace. I am
as willing as anybodv to have war when it is ne-
cessary to have it. Whenever I am satisfied that
this Government cannot be maintained except by
war, then I am for war. While it can be main-
tained by peaceful measures, I prefer to avoid
war. I have no disposition to disguise the fact
that I prefer a peaceful adjustment of our difficul-
ties rather than war. if any gentleman would
rather adjust them by war than by peace, lie is
entitled to his opinion. I will ask my colleague
[Mr. FAJtNSivonrii] whether he would prcfernow
that our difficulties should be settled bv peace or
by war. Let him just answer that question wit h-
out a speech.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No man in the wide
world excels me in a strong desire for peace.
Every soldier, and, I take it, every reasonable
man, wants peace. I think, however, that the
only way out of our present troubles is fo con-
quer a peace. 1 am entirely satisfied that the
method proposed by my colleague [Mr. Ross]—
an armistice and a convention-—would simply
lead toa further piolongation of the war. Being
entirely satisfied of that, and inasmuch as the
rebels may af nny tune, by simply laying down
their arms and abiding by the Constitution, have
peace, with all the rights that they ever had, ex-
cept such as they have forfeited by their rebel-
lion, I sec no necessity for an armistice or a con-
vention, which, in my opinion, would subserve
no put pose except to throw obstach s in the way
of the further piosecution of the war.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman has not answered
the question which I propounded.
Now, I would like to exhuustail peaceful meas-
ures befoie wp, should piosecute this war much
longer. We have been about four years engaged
in war, and it has been crippling our resources
very greatly. We are heaping upon our people
a very heavy debt. Now, if these is any possi-
bility of avoiding this it appears to mo that we
should all concur in an effort toward thai end.
Why not try it? Why not see whether v/c can-
not make peace? Gentlemen on the other side of
the House are not so much greater than Wash-
ington and Jefferson and Adams and Jackson
and Clay and Webster. All those were willing
to cornpiomise. How does it. happen that such
supi't'ioi wisdom has sprung into existence withm
the last three or lour yuira?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How did Jackson
compromise with South Carolina nullification?
Mr. ROSS. Well, I will tell you. Jackson
issued his proclamation against the nullifiers,
which was all right; but he concurred in the
peace measures offered by Mr. Clay about the
same time. While he sent forth the sword, he
also sent forth the olive-branch. That is what I
want now.
A Member. It is what we have now.
Mr. ROSS. Why do you not issue a procla-
mation telling these men in rebellion that if they
will lay down their arms they shall be entitled to
all the rights which they enjoyed under the Gov-
ernment before the war? I n my judgment, the rea-
son is that you are afraid that it will be accepted.
I am afraid that there are too many in this coun-
try who want to prosecute this war for the pur-
pose of placc and emolument. 1 fear that this is
the great danger.
Now, I submit, Mr. Chairman, whether we
had better not bury, for the time being, our party
prejudices, rise above party, and act like patriots
forthe restoration of ourGovernment. I am will-
ing to join hands with any who are in favor of a
restored Government as our fathers made it. I
am willing to cooperate and consult, to do what-
ever may be best to secure the restoration of our
glorious Government. I want to hand it down
as a piecious legacy to my children. Houses, or
lands, or anything else that we can" give them,
are worthless when compared with free govern-
ment and free institutions. No man in this House
is more attached to our form of government and
thu institutions under which we live than I am;
none would make greater sacrifices to maintain
them.
Gentlemen on the other side taunt us with the
fact that we have been beaten at the last election.
Beitso. We submit gracefully. We come here
to do what we can to restore the Government.
The great interests of the country now hang trem-
blingly in the balance in your hands. The re-
sponsibility of determining whether we shall have
a restored Government rests upon you. I will
throw no obstacles in the way. I will do what I
can to aid the Union men of this country in the
restoration of this Government. I am a Union
man without an " if" or a " but." 1 am for the
Union, whether slavery lives or dies. 1 do not
care whether slavery be voted up or voted down.
I am for the Government and' the Constitution
and the Union as our fathers gave them to us. I
would ask my colleagues here whether the time
has not co me when we should bury our party preju-
dices beneath the rubbish of ages, and come to-
gether as true men to consult for the restoration
of our Government and an honorable and enduring
peace.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I think
that the time has come when these old rusty party
prejudices should be buried, and that the time has
come also when this rusty old fossil of a party
should be buued, as it has been pretty much by
the votes of the people.
My colleague talks about his love for the sol-
dier Strangely it happens that the soldiers do
not reciprocate that attachment. We find from
the votes m our own State of Illinois, as in every
State of this Union, whether the soldiers have
been at home or in. the field, they have spewed the
Chicago platform and its nominees outof their
mouth with disgust; and my colleague is the only
one left of all of my colleagues on that side of the
House to tell the tale. He has taken thefiist op-
portunity to tell it, and he tells it well. I am not
surprised that he has gathered a portion of courage
from the vote in his district. He is the " last of
the Mohicans,"the last of the tribe. [Laughter.]
i have no disposition to take his scalp, for I am
entnely willing that one should be leit.
Mr. tfOSS. Let me correct my colleague. I
am not the only one, for there are three Demo-
cratic members from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I said that my col-
league is the only one of those now here who is
left 10 tell the tale. That is true.
My colleague talks about an armistice and a
convention to arrange terms of peace. Peace at
a time like this! Shall we lay down our arms
and recall our victorious soldiers from the field
just at the time when hghr is breaking through
the rebellion; when we see around it and through it,
and it is becoming transparent; wiwm it« resource,j
are tumbling; when the bottorft of the ttit> Rfear
out; at a time wheifwe have, as'the president
says, detached a large army,'holding oft to what
we have conquered, to go cur verting back axvd forth
through theconfederacy withotuletor hindemWce;
ata time when Sherman has made his triumphant
march through Georgia, when his guns fcrethun-
dering away at Savannah, when it is a quejstio'a
of time, and that brief time, when Sava'nnafo'faus-,
when he sweeps up and takes dhVlSston, afttt
then, unstayed in his onward progress,loSnS'the
veteran hosts of Gfant at Richmond?*' At sbch.'a
time my colleague talks about an armistice(" He -
talkaaboutwithdralving this army. I regfWttKat
any voice from my own jState, that glorious', gal-
lant State of Illinois which has given so many
soldiers to this war, and hfcs so many more to
give—I regret, sir, that any voice from that State
should croak about an armistice and peace. That,
too, when the people have thundered their verdict
in his ears, and when that verdict has reached the
ears of the despots across the water, who, he says,
are wishing so anxiously for'us to fall to pieces.
Yes, sir, and that is the reason they gave every
aid and comfort to the gentleman's party in the
last election, because they want us to tumble to
pieces.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of peace, as I have
already told my colleague. There is not a sol-
dier among all the gallant host from Illinois, who
marches back and forth upon his silent watch at
midnight and thinks of his home and fireside, "who
does not pray for peace; but there is not one of
them, with ail their anxiety for peace, who is
willing to turn his-back to his foe at this moment
for armistice and peace. He the friend of the
soldier! The soldier does not reciprocate his at-
tachment by any manner of means. The soldier
does not want an armistice,for m ithe seesa pro-
longation of the war. Ho can see no peace in
anything patched up by the builders of the Chi-
cago platform. He believes it would result in
chronic war. I, for my part, see no road to peace
but the road pf war; and I am in favor of prose-
cuting this warday by day,month by month, and
year by year, if necessary. We have shown that
our resources are scarcely touched, and we have
made the rebel flag bite the dust.
My colleague talks about the Constitution and
the flag. All that is necessary is for the rebels to
submit to that Constitution and flag, lay down the
instruments of war and take up those of peace,
and the war is ended. Why, sir, they had the
old Constitution; they had the old flag, and, lam
sorry to say it, they had the old Democratic party
in power when they broke up the Union. They
had the friend of my colleague, James Buchanan,
at the head of the Government, and his thieving,
traitorous crew in all the Departments.
I failed to get an answer to the question I put
to my colleague as to what kind of a compromi&e
he would propose. I havo-heard these gentlemen
talk much about compromise. But, Oh no, it is
an armistice,a convention; and then they will see
what terms they can make. What do they pro-
pose to compromise? What have we done? The
gentleman says they complain of our action in
reference to the fugitive slave law. But it happens
that those States which had the most reason to
complain have not gone out of the Union. Mary-
land, Kentucky, and Missouri did not complain;
or, if they did, they did not complain to the ex-
tent of seceding. South Carolina was the leader
in this rebellion—the first State that seceded.
Will my colleague tell me how many slaves South
Carolina ever lost by reason of the non-exccuuon
of the fugitive slave law?
Mr. ROSS. Did not the former Governor of
Ohio, the present Postmaster Geneial, say he
would resist the execution of the fugitive blave
law by force?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know what
he said; I never heard him say so; hut ifhe did,
I do not know that that is any reason why South
Carolina should secede.
I hear it said by gentlemen on this side that
South Carolina lost ten slaves in thirteen years.
I did not suppose it was so many; but those she
did lose wore those who concealed themselves on
board of vessels at Charleston, or who were bar-
reled up, or stuffed into old dry-goods boxes, to
bo sent oft*. She never lost hy the non-ox< euuon
of the fugitive slave law. Nor did Georgia. It
was said on the floor of tin's lioune, by the lead-
