90
THE CON"GRESSIONATJ GLOBE.
December 21,
erg of this rebellion, that it was not that that they
cared for. I heard a member from Alabama say,
upon the floor of this House, that he came here,
•as a member of that Congress, for the purpose of
breakingu{) the Union,and not on account of the
non-execution of the fugitive slave law. And I
have lived to hear my colleague from the old glo-
rious State of Illinois get up upon the floor of the
House and apologize for those men who, with
lips yet warm with the; oaththey had taken upon
the Holy Evangel of Almighty God that they
would support the Constitution and perform their
duties as members of Congress to the best of
their ability,made their boasts openly andabove-
board, undera Democratic Administration, andin
the presence of those vbting with the Democratic
party, that they came here only for the purpose
of trying to break up the Government.
I rose only to throw out these few remarks by
■way of brief reply to my colleague, and I yield
the floor.
Mr. COX obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Garfii'xd reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
tlnion had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the President's annual
message, and had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE MIOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hicket,
their Chief Clerk , announced to the Hnirse that the
Senate insist upon their amendments to the bill
of the House (No. 51) entitled "An act to establish
a Bureau ofPreeflmen's Affairs, "agree to the con-
ference committee asked for by the House, and
had appointed Mr. Sumner, Mr. Howarb, and
Mr. Buckalew, the committee of conference upon
the pari of the Senate.
OVERLAND MAIL TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DAILEY asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following- resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Cfeneial he requested to
fumtsli to tuis House eopn'S o!' ;i]l adveitKeinents by the
Fostothee Depaituicm im thu U'tlins of the i.ite conti.ict
for carrying the overland L'alifhnim mail, with a ol"all
bids and bidders under day 01 all of said adveitisoments;
also, a copy of all eorie^poiulenee with the Depaitment in
relat^>n to .'.aid conti act, the date when, and 10 whom, the
contract was finally let.
Objection was made.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. EDEN, leave was granted
for the withdrawal fiom the files of the House of
the papers in the case of M. W. Twiss; and the
same were referred to the Committee of Claims.
HEIRS OF .10IIN A. STEVENS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for the relief of the widow an'i hetrsofjohn
A. Stevens, deceased, of Springfield, Miskouii;
which was lead .1 fust and second time by its
title, and refeired to the Committee of Claimra.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at foui
o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad|i>uriii'd.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 21, 1S64.
Prayer by Eev.THoaiAs Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXJSCUTI Y"E COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with law, a statement
of the appropriations to the credit of that Depart-
ment July 1, 1863, and the unexpended balances
on the 30th of June, 1864; which was oidered to
lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
of the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, in
obedience to law, copies of the accounts of the
superintendent and agunts charged with the dis-
bursement of the funds for the relief of the refugee
Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Seminole Indians for
the second quarter of the year 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLLAMER. presented a petition of Har-
per & Brothers, and others, and a petition of
George W. Matsell &> Co., and others, citizens of
New York, praying for the repeal of the fourth
section of the " Act to provide for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports, and
for other purposes," approved March 25, 1864,
imposing restrictions upon mailable matter; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of sur-
geons and assistant surgebns in the United States
■Army, praying for an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Ho also presented a petition of clerks in the
Treasury Department, praying for an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the petition of
Benjamin S. Compton, praying for compensation
for seven hundred and eighty-two bales of cotton
alleged to have been seized by a military expedi-
tion under the command of General Ransom, and
shipped to Memphis and sold on account of the
Government; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of Ed-
win M. Chaffee, praying for an extension of let-
ters patent granted to him August 31, 1836, for
the ".machine patent," so called, used in the
manufacture of india rubbar; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of R.
B. Hughes and others, bailiffs of the United States
courts in the District of Columbia, praying fur
an increase of pay; which was refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present a peti-
tion on behalf of the widow of Rev. Samuel tlib-
ben. It appears that lie was duly commissioned
chaplain of the fourth Illinois volunteers, and
served as such, and died in the service, but by
reason of the failure to have him mustered in ac-
cording to the regulations, he has not been paid.
I move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agieed to.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was icferred the bill (II. R. No.
597) making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and othm* pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, I860, re-
ported it without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPheuso.w its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the follow-
ing hills and joint lesolmioit, ill which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
A bill (H. R. No. 607) to piovide for an advance
cf lank to officers of the .Navy and Marine corps
fir distinguished mei it;
A bill (£1. II. No.G:.'3)to amend an actentitled
"An acrp piovide lor carrying the mails from
the United States to foreign ports, and for other
purposes," uppr-'v-n! March 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 625) to amend an act entitled
i "An act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G5, and for other purposes," approved June
15, 1864; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 128) providing
for the appointment of a commission to locate one
or more navy-yards and depots on the north-
western waters.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 353) to establish the grade of
vice admiral in the United States Navy;
A bill (£1. 11. No. 478) for the relief of Charles
[| M. Pott; nnd
ij A bill (H. R. No. 603) to extend the time al-
ii lowed for the withdrawal of certain goods therein
!j named from public stores.
j INTERNAL REVENUE.
1 Mr.SHERMAN. TheCommitteeonFinance,
I to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 618)
i to amend the act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, "approved June 30, 1864, commonly known
as the amendment to the whisky tax, have had
the same under consideration, and directed me to
report it back without amendment. The commit-
tee have also instructed me to ask for its present
consideration, so that it may be disposed of before
the adjournment, as otherwise theefFectof it will
be lost.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend section fifty-five of the internal revenue
act of June 30, 1864, by striking out the word
" February," wherever it occurs in that section,
and inserting in lieu thereof the word u Janu-
ary."
Mr. SHERMAN. It is due to the Committee
on Finance that 1 should make a btief statement
in regard to this matter, as it, is a very important
question. The bill proposes to anticipate the two
dollars a gallon tax on spirits, so ao to make it
commence on the 1st of January instead of the
1st of February. Several objections are very
strongly urged "to the measure. One is that it is
a change of legislation, indicating a want of sta-
bility in the action of Congress, on the subject. It
is also urged that it will interfere with the arrange-
ments already made by the manufacturers of
spirits in anticipation of the existing law, that it
operates as a snap-judgment, to use a cant phrase,
on these men engaged in an ordinaly business.
On the other hand, it is alleged, that if this bill
be not passed, the manufacture of whisky will be
enormously increased, probably to the amoontof
ten or fifteen million gallons, which will pay but a
dollar and a half a gallon, and thus, at a diminished
rate of duty, fill the market for months to come,
and that the effect would be that no whisky would
be manufactured after the 1st of February, when
the increased tax is to take effect under the present
law. The committee, after a very patient and care-
ful examination of this subject, feeling that there
was a great deal to be said on both sides, thought
that the interests of the Government would be uub-
sorved by passing the bsli, that it was better to have
the matter settled, arid settled permanently at once,
lather than to have ir eon tin tied so as to make uncer-
tainty and confusion in the manufacture of whisky
and uncertainty m the revenue. If this increased
tax be made to take effect on the 1st day of Janu-
ary, the Government, as a matter of course, will
get two dollars on every gallon of whisky manu-
factured after that time. If it be postponed until
the 1st of February, according to the law as it
now stands, the Government, it is true, will get
one dollar and a half on the largely increased
manufacture during January, but none will be
manufactured after the 1st of February for some
time, until the stock on hand shall be exhausted.
It is a question on which there was a difference
of opinion in the Committee on Finance, but we
dee^u'd it our duty to repoitthe bill for the action
of the Senate. 1 make this statement m behalf
of the committee, without giving my own opin-
ion, so that the Senate may take such action as
they may deem proper, it Is pioptr for me to
say fui ther, that whatever action is token should
be taken to-day, so that the bill may be disposed
of at once. If it be postponed after to-morrow,
the bill falls as a matter of course.
Mr. POMEROY. It may perhaps be inter-
esting to the Senate and to the country to know
whether this is all the legislation thtit is intended
on this question. At the last session we had it
up twice, and I supposed the settlement made in
the bill we then passed was final, but of course I
have no objection to any improved legislation on
the subject. The point with me isto learn whether
it is understood by the Committee on Finance that
the bill is to terminate our legislation on this ques-
tion for the session.
I have always believed that this manufacture
would bear an increase of tax, even beyond two
dollars a gallon. I know that when we first be-
gan to tax it, we commenced at twenty cents,and
that was struggled against. We then went up to
sixty cents, and then to a dollar, and prospect-
ively to a dollar and a half, and finally to two dol-
lars as the rate from the 1st of February next. I
should like to have the final point reached at once
in one measure, and then let the country rest.
A do not wish to embarrass this bill, but I be-
lieve that we might put $2 50 a gallon tax on all
