856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
February 17,
thousands shall say to it when again it shall
launch forth on the broad ocean:
" Sail on, sail on, O ship of State,
Sail on, O pdity strong and gr^at;
Humanity with all its fears,
With all its hopes ot future years;
Is hanging breathless on thy*fate.
We know what masteis laid thy keel,
What workmen wiought thy ribs of steeJ,
Who made each mast, and sail, and rope,
What anvils rung, what hammers beat,
In wlmt a forge and what a heat
Were shaped the anchors of thy hopo.
Fear not each sudden sound and shock,
'Tis of the wave and not the rock.
5Tis but the flapping of the sail,
And not a rent made by the gale.
In spite of rock and tempest's roar,
In spite of false lights on the shore,
Saii on, nor fear to breast the sea,
Our lie.uts, our hopes are all with tliee ;
Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears,
Our hopes triumphant o'er 0111 fears,
Are all with thee, aie all with thee."
That same party shall again, sir, in the prov-
idence ot God, if He has not entirely forsaken
this people, be restored to power, and its counsels
yet shall be the counsels of the nation; for a grate-
ful people, after being instructed by afflictions and
humiliated by sufferings, will recollect that when
that party assumed the helm of power we num-
bered not five million people and we numbered
only about fifteen States, but in the brief period of
sixty years we increased to thirty million people
and to thirty-four States. And, sir, let me tell
you that the history of the Republican party is
written in the words dismemberment and destruc-
tion, and that of the Democratic party was writ-
ten in union, in strength, in the addition of star
to star to our national galaxy.
Am I wrong, sir? That same old Democratic
party took the banner of your Union and planted
it upon the territory of Florida, and it was an-
nexed to the Federal Union. That same Demo-
cratic party took the same good old banner of
Union and planted it on the virgin soil of Louisi-
ana, an empire in itself, and that was annexed to
the national domain. Texas, a vast empire, was
added. Westward still the star of empire took
its way, and, true to its great mission of national
development and national glory, it took thatsame
noble flag of the Union and planted it upon the Pa-
cific shore, and California, Utah, and New Mexico
are yours forever, unless by your own unwise
counsels you deprive yourselves of them. Every
foot of national territory that has ever been added
to the American domain has been under the coun-
sels and the guidance of the same good old Demo-
cratic party; and now that you have succeeded
in displacing it and you have inaugurated a new
party, boisterous and loud in its professions of
retrenchment and reform, we have the spectacle
of one of its earliest champions rising upon the
floor of the Senate and confessing for it that it is
naught, from the crown of its head to the sole of
its foot, but wounds, and bruises, and putrefying
sores. It is just what we said of your party be-
fore it came into power; it is just what the judg-
ment of future ages will say.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I had in-
tended to make some remarks in reply to the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, con-
fining myself entirely to those matters of investi-
gation which were entered upon by the commit-
tee 0f the Senate of which he was chairman and I
was a member; but the speech of the Senator
from Delaware for a moment challenges my at-
tention, and a few facts briefly and very concisely
stated will show that the whole speech of that
gentleman is founded upon nothing; it is mere
declamation, sound, without any foundation in
truth.
Now,I say to my honorable friend from Dela-
ware, for personally these are our relations, that
the Democratic party by name is a party of very
modern origin-," I remember long before it was
x born; I waspresentatitschristening. I propose in
& moment to strip off this vail which covers what
ace claimed sometimes to be the glorious antece-
deiks of the great Democratic party. What is the
fact, President? In 1798 the Republican party
was originated, and Jefferson and Madison and
Monroe and the great statesmen of that period
were its founders. InTSOtfthe Republican party
elected Jefferson Presidentfor four years. In 1804
the Republican party elected Jefferson again fur
four years more. In 1808 it was the Republican
party which elected Mr. Madison aa President of
the United States. In 1812 the Republican party
elected Madison a second time President of the
United States. In 1816 the Republican party
elected Monroe as President, and again in 1820
elected him without any opposition whatever.
The party opposed to the Republican party dur-
ing art that period from 1800 to 1820 was the Fed-
eral party, and in 1820 the Federal party as such
yielded up its existence, and in 1824 there were
four candidates for the Presidency, every one of
them running as Republicans, not as Democrats.
Mr. Crawford was the nominee of the regular cau-
cus in 1824; General Jackson ran as an independ-
ent Republican candidate from Tennessee; Mr.
Clay as an independent Republican candidate from
Kentucky; and Mr. Adams as an independent Re-
publican candidate from New England, for he at
that time had given in his adhesion to the Repub-
lican party. In 1824 there was no choice for Pres-
ident by the people; it went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and Mr. Adams was chosen as Pres-
ident. In 1828, General Jackson, nominated by
the people, not as a Democratic candidate but as
the people's candidate and as a Republican, was
elected Presidentofthe United States; and in 1832,
for the first time in the history of the country,
was the assumption given to the Republican party,
or that branch of it which supported General Jack-
son, of the Democratic Republican party. It was
a contrivance of Mr. Van Buren to secure, not the
nomination of General Jackson, but his own
nomination as Vice President under him. It was
when the first national convention that was ever
held in the United States, called also at the insti-
gation of Mr. Van Buren and his friends, and then
for the first time that branch of the Republican
party which supported General Jackson assumed
the name of Democratic Republicans. It 1836 it
assumed the same; in 1840 the same; and from
that period gradually it began to drop the name of
" Republican" and it was called the Democratic
party. But, sir, as the Whig party in 1850, by
the issues of that day, was dissolved and buried
in the tomb of Webster and Clay, its great cham-
pions and representatives, so the Democratic
party, when it drew that fatal knife which severed
the silver cord and broke the golden bowl of peace,
when it drew that fatal knife which destroyed the
Missouri compromise,dissolved also andwent into
fragments, and upon the ruins of all those parties
sprang into existence with the newness of life the
Republican party based upon the ideas of the old
Republican party of Jefferson and Madison, and
to those ideas it stands pledged and has from the
beginning; and I tell my friend from Delaware that
the true, real Republican party, based upon truth
as its foundation, in the nature of things never dies,
and it never will. And, sir, if we who represent
that party this day in the administration of affairs
are but true to the principles upon which it reor-
ganized itself in 1854, and again in 1856, and tri-
umphed in 1860, it is to hold the control of the
destinies of this country for a generation to come;
but if it is false to those principles we shall pass
away the false representatives of the true, genuine
Republican party, ay, sir, the real Democratic
party of this country, as it is this day its true
representative and champion.
But, Mr. President, 1 have been drawn too
far in what I have now said by the remarks of
the Senator from Delaware. I proposed to say a
few words, and but a few, by way of reply to
some portion of the remarks of the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, and I shall con-
fine myself in these remarks to the investigation
which was ordered by the Senate by a commit-
tee, and upon which 1 was placed as a member,
and of which he was chairman. In the first place,
let me say, that committee agreed in a report in
this: they recommended to Congress the passage
of a law which would authorize the Department,
whenever bids were put in for a price more than
ten per cent., in (he judgment of die Department,
above the market price, to refuse to accept those
bids. Under the law as it originally stood, the
Department was bound to accept the lowest bids,
whatever might be the price. In 1863, the law
was amended so as to provide that the Depart-
ment should not be bound to accept fictitious or
nominal bids. If articles^were bid for at a mere
nominal price the bids might be disregarded, it
might IX. that iron might be offered atone dollar
per ton when it was known to be worth twenty
or thirty dollars in the nuuket, and the Dqrait-
ment was authorized to reject such a bid as ficti-
tious and nominal. But under this word "ficti-
tious," it was found at the Department to be
impossible to determine whether certain bids
should or should not be rejected. You couid not
claim that a bid put in for a specific article, when
the price named by the bidder was fifty per cent,
above its market value, was a fictitious biii. You
could not say that was a nominal bid. The truth
is that the change in our currency, the great ex-
pansion of our currency, by which the nominat
prices of everything have changed so rapidly, and
have within two or three years doubled and more
than doubled in some instances, has had the effect
of demonstrating that those bidders who some-
times put in their bids for fifty per cent, or even
onehundred per cent, above the market price were
wise men, prudent men; and they are not to be
condemned because they made their bids at these
high prices, as the result has shown.
But all the committee concurred in recommend-
ing that Congress should pass a law authorizing
the Department to reject any article out ofthe lists
of bids when it should appear satisfactorily to the
Department that the amount at which it was bid
for was more than ten percent, above its market
value,believing thatifthe Department were clothed
with that power they could prevent themselves
from being imposed upon, as they had hitherto
been imposed upon under the laws as they ex-
isted.
But, Mr. President, in relation to the facts which
were disclosed before the committee, there was a
difference of opinion between the different mem-
bers of the committee. For m^feelf I maintain
that upon that evidence there is no proof which
goes to show the fact that any person employed
in that Department has been guilty of any offense
whatever, or of any violation of his official integ-
rity. I do not say that contracts may not have
been imposed upon the Department from the fact
that the bids that were put in were sometimes for
greatprices, enormous prices, some of them twice
the market value. But, sir, what I stand hereto
say—and I feel it my duty to say it to the Senate
and to the people of the country—is, that there
was no evidence disclosed on that investigation
which shows any want of official integrity in any
person employed in the Navy Department; for it
was to that subject that we particularly gave our
attention; and 1 will refer to the persons by name
whose bureaus were examined.
As to the chief of the Department, the Secre-
tary himself, I believe it is not pretended, and
never has been by any person, that there were any
facts disclosed in that investigation going to throw
the slightestshadow of suspicion upon his official
integrity in any way whatever. And as to the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Fox, be-
tween whom and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, it would appear from the speech certainly
of the Senator, no very friendly relations exist,
there is no proof in the testimony taken before that
committee which in any way whatever reflects
upon the character of Mr. Fox for personal in-
tegrity. I will ask the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, if in his recollection there is any
word of testimony disclosed on that investigation
that bears upon his official or personal integrity as
a man. So, Mr. President, in relation to Faxon,
who is the chief clerk in that Department. Wit-
nesses were questioned to asceitain whether Mr.
Faxon had ever in any way received any consid-
eration or in any mariner whatever performed his
duties as chief clerk of the Department improp-
erlyjand I undertake to say, and the Senator
from New Hampshire will not controvert me
when I say it, there is no evidence bpfnre the
committee, as will be seen on referring to the re-
port, that goes to show anything bearing on the
integrity of Mr. Faxon. So in lelatmn to Ad-
miral Smith, the chief of the Bureau of Yardsand
Docks; 1 undertake to say there is nothing in this
report detailed upon which the Senator from New
Hampshire or anybody else can put down his
linger and say, "I charge upon Admiral Smith
a violation of his official duties," or " 1 chaise
upon him a want of officnl integrity in iho nct-
formanec of these flufSo too in lektio'n to
Mr. Ishmvood. If you iookihrou^h the whole
of this testimony you will sec that there is nothing
which in the slightest decree i;-oe^ to r.ff  <'t th«
official integrity uf Mr. isherwood until you
come to that testimony which the honorable i$en-
