1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
spirits manufactured after the 1st day of January,
and rest there, and then let the revenue come as
fast as the whisky shall be manufactured. But if
this is all the measure we are to have for this ses-
sion, and if the Committee on Finance will tell us
that this is all they anticipate, I am very willing
to go for this. It will increase the revenue fifty
cents on every gallon manufactured between the
1st day of January and the 1st day of February.
We shall get §1 50 at any rate, but if this bill
passes it will add fifty cents on every gallon.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course there
can be no understanding between the two Houses
on a question of this kind, nor would it be in
order for me to state the opinions of members of
the Hoiuje of Representatives on this subject; but
I can state what 1 believe from the legislation of
Congress, and perhaps what I believe also from
conversations with various members of the other
House and also of this body, that this bill was
intended in the Hou«e of Representatives as a
kind of compromise'or settlement between the
various opinions on this subject. There is a feel-
ing in the House that there ought to be a tax on
spirits on hand. That has been a controverted
point here-in the Senate for a long time. Many
of those who were friendly to the proposition to
tax the stock on hand were satisfied with this
proposition, and hoped that during the month of
January the increased duty of fifty cents> would
furnish us some additional revenue at least, and
would compensate for what was lost by the fail-
ure to tax spirits on hand. As a matter ofcourse
there can be no understanding about it. Any
member of the House, or any member of the Sen-
ate, may introduce a proposition to tax spirits on
hand. My impression is that if this bill passes
it will be the end of the whisky question.
Mr. POMI5ROY. That was all I wanted to
know.
The bill was leportcd to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to have the
bill read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It strikes me that, thcie
is an injustice in this change, bccausg our legis-
lation in that respect is somewhat in the nature
of a contract with the people who are engaged m
this business. I am not disposed to discuss the
matter, but I know it is radically wiong,
Mr. GRIMES. I have not anything to say in
regard to the merits of the measure proposed, but
I trust that this is the last bill we yhall bo called
upon to give out sanction to that, contains such
phraseology as is embodied in this. This bill
proposes to strike out the word *• February"
wherever it occurs m a certain act of Congress
passed twelve months ago, and to substitute the
word "January.'5 What would be thought of a
bill to stixko out the word "February" m an act
passed twenty years ago, and which had been
standing on our statute-book that length of time,
and to substitute the word "July?" Why* sir,
it is the mostinai tilicial manner of drawing a bill,
and would not be cteditable to any Legislatuie.
I have not anything to say about the merits of
the proposition. I am prepaid to vote for it, and
am going to vote for the bill as it stands, unless
it be amended; but tins is a kind of phraseology
that ought not to be indulged in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to this bill, not
for its phraseology but for its substance. When
the bill of the last session was pnssed, we gave
notice to the people who engaged m this kind of
enterprise that we had make certain assessments
and certain rules whereby their commerce might
be governed. Now, by active legislation we pro-
pose to anticipate their business by a month, j
which will interfere, I suppose, very mateiially
with the business of the men engaged in that de-
partment of commerce. 11 is unjust, and its rec-
titude cannot be maintained by any force of argu-
ment. 1 therefore object to it, and filial! not vote
for it even if it does add some dollars to the
Treasury.
Mr. FAItWELL. I propose to vote for this
bill as the best thing we can get at the present
time, although I regret exceedingly, and I believe
the people of the country regret exceedingly, the
legislation upon this subject at the last session.
The effect of that legislation, in exempting from
taxation the amount of spirits on hand, has taken
from the Treasury of the nation sufficient to pay
every soldier now in the field all that is due him.
And who has it given it to? It has given it to the
speculators in whisky; and, ordinarily, they are
not the best class of citizens. What injustice* I
would ask, would be done these men by taxing
the stock of whisky on hand ? If the Govern-
ment established an additional tax, and the man-
ufacturers had to pay it, would not the amount of
the tax be at once added to the cost of production
and be added to the price of the article? And,
sir, it has been added. The men who held these
large stocks of whisky have added the prospect-
ive tax that was to go upon it, and have sold it
with this addition, and made the profits that
should have gone into the Treasury.
But, sir, as this bill goes into operation at the
earliest possible day, only a week hence, I think
it is the best thing, under the circumstances, that
can be had, and t shall vote for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think, with the Senator
from California, that the principle of this bill is
altogether wrong. I do not rise to maintain that
by anything of argument, but to say that the
criticism made by the Senator from Iowa is, 1
think, entitled to such weight that we ought to
amend the bill. There is no difficulty in amending
it. The whole object of the bill is to impose the
tax of two dollars upon domestic spirits on the
1st of January instead of the 1st of February, as
it stands under the act. We may do that by say-
ing that the "1st of February" in a certain section
of the original act is to be stricken out and the
" 1st of January" substituted. If it is agreeable
to the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance, I will ask that the bill be laid on the
table for a moment to see if we cannot amend it
so as to avoid that defect. It can be done in a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why not amend it so
as to make the tax on the 1st of February two
dollars? j
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the present law.
Mr JOHNSON. I move that the bill be passed
ovt:r for the piesent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It will lie on the table for the present.
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by him yesterday:
Retired, That the (JommiitfO on the District of Columbia
he m^nueled to u>to the expediency and ptopmny of
HHjininm ai! leaden s ol ihr Punier, ot Columbia to take
and file \\ ith the pimv^t mnishal of said Distiict an oath of
aUetrnmee oi lnh'hty to \ \u> Government of the United States
s-imsiar to the oath leqmsedby iawot Members and rien.itois.
in Conine^ and othin otliceit- oi the Government; and als-o
the expediency and piopuetv of prohibiting all persons from
doiiisbucmo's in said DiMnet or with the seveial Depait-
mcm< oi the Government who have not or may not take and
iile suehoaih ; and that •said committee have leave to repoit
by bill oi otheiwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to thank the Senator
from Iowa for introducing this proposition, and at
the same time to call the attention of the Senate to
a bill which is on their Calendar, which I had the
honor of introducing at the last session, but which,
for some unaccountable reason unknown to me,
has been reported upon adversely by thcCommit-
tee on the Judiciary, requiting that same oath to
b(, taKen by the practitioners m the courts of the
United States. I am told that there are lawyers
in the city of Washington who decline to practice
in the courts here because they are unwilling to
take the oath which you, sir, have taken, and which
the Chief Justice of the United States only the
other day took before he entered upon his func-
tions; and yet these same lawyers flaunt in the
Supreme Court of the United States. That ought
to be stopped; and I give notice therefore that,
carrying outthe spirit of the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, 1 shall ask the attention of the
Senate as p.oon as possible to that lull.
Mr. SAULSUURY. It is not my intention to
discuss at any length this resolution, but simply to
ask for the yeas and nays on its adoption. I would
take that oath myself very willingly, although I
believe, as far as relates to members of Congress,
it is wholly unconstitutional. I do not object to
it, as far as it could relate to myself, because of
anything other than its unconstitutionality con-
tained m it; but I regard it, if it should pas?, as
one of those acts of unnecessary oppression on
the part of the Government which in times like
these ought to be avoided. Is there anyevidenoe
before this Senate that theNold inhabitants of this
city, those of them who are living here, have given
any trouble to this Government, or even to this
Administration ? They are without a voice in the
Government, and they have been sitting quietly
at home, doing naught, as appears from any evi-
dence, that is wrong toward this Government;
and shall not this Administration and its support-
ers just coming into power again, flushed with
victory, and dreaming perhaps of th« perpetua*
tion of their power for years .to come, be satisfied
with present victory overpolitical opponents', but
shall they pursue them into the quiet walks of life,
seek out the high-toned, honorable men and wo-
men of this city, and compel them to subscribe to
any form of oath that may be dictated by a mem-
ber of this Senate, or by a supporter of this Ad-
ministration, or by anybody else? When a man
is quietly pursuing his business, will you not let
him rest in peace if he is doing naught against
you, or will you hunt him down ?/ Will you try
to drive him out from the community?
Sir, I do not say that the honorable Senator who
introduced this resolution meant it as an act of
oppression, but it is such in its nature and in its
characfcr, and it ought not to be tolerated by this
Senate. The honorable Senator must have a very
high appreciation of the enemies of this Govern-
ment, whom he regards as traitors, if he supposes
that a simple oath would bind them. Does the
honorable Senator think that the man who would
be guilty of treason would be bound by an oath ?
What is the object, therefore, of introducing it?
Sir, whenj first came to this city six years
ago, the population in it was very different from
what it is now. Gentlemen engaged here in busi-
ness, it may be, are envied of their situation by
persons from distant States and distant sections
of the country, who think they are living prosper-
ously, and who suppose that by their removal
from business their own private stores will be in-
creased. If the object be, therefore, to give to
the supporters of this Administration all the busi-
ness of this city, if it be to'drive out everybody
from this city who will not tamely and quietly
submit to take any and every oath Vhich may be
presented them—if that be the object, I submit
that the Senator ought to reflect at least before
he attempts to forcfe the passage of such a treas-
ure through this body.
Sir, I will not discuss the question further. Re-
garding it simply as an act of oppression, believ-
ing that no possible good, but only evil, can re-
sult from it, I shall content myself with simply
objecting to its passage, and calling for the yeas
and nays upon it, in order that I may record my
vote in opposition to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator from
Delaware misapprehends the purport of the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair to ascertain whether the call
for the yeas and nays on the adoption of the reso-
lution is seconded ?
Mr. IiARLAN. I think the Senator from
Delaware will withdraw that on reflection. This
is merely a resolution instructing the Committee
on the District of Columbia to inquire into the
expediency and piopriety of such a measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator wirhdiaw the call for the yeas and nays?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir.
The vcas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I have butoneobservation to
make in addition to the remark made to the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury,] that this
is a lesoiution instructing the committee to make
an inquiry on this subject. It is barely possible
that the committee might report sdverselyto any
legislation. I am frank to state, however, that I
think some such legislation is necessary, and
oughtto be had. I did notsupposearesolution of
this kind would implicate any member of this
body. It is not intended to require opponents ot
the Administration perse to take an oath of fidelity
to the Administration as a political organization,
but an oath of fidelity to the Government itself
during the existence of a gigantic rebellion. I am
inclined to think thata casual listener to the speech
of the Senator would suppose that he regarded
himself as implicated in the inquiry; that, because
he opposed some of the political measures of the
Administration, therefore he must be considered
