1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator from New Hampshire read, and to which I
wish to call the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment, and which when it is seen in its true light,
so far from casting1 any suspicion on the integrity
of Mr. Isherwood, shows on the othfer hand that
Mr. isherwood was a faithful and diligent and
efficient officer in the discharge of his duties in
that very respect. We had gone on for months
taking testimony, listening to the witnesses as
they were questioned, nothing appearing what-
ever to cast the slightest shade, until just at the
close of the examination Mr. Murdock was called
and this question was put to him by the Senator
from New Hampshire, the chairman of the com-
mittee:
" State any facts in your knowledge which tend to prove
that bidders at the several bureaus of the Navy Department
may have had any knowledge of any bids before theirs
were put In."
Murdock made this answer:
"At the opening of the bids in the Bureau of Steam En-
gineering, early in the spring of 1863—£ cannot give the
exact date—there were bids received and accepted on the
day after the bids generally had been opened and entered
on the schedules, and by parties who were present at the
day of the opening, the day previous. Among them £ re-
member bids from Mr. Stover for classes at the Washington
yard, in connection with others which I cannot now call to
mind. I remember, too, that he had no bids for that yard
entered on the schedule on the day of the opening, and that
ail the bids which were deposited and accepted on the
morning after were successful. J remember, too, that Mr.
Neally, who had charge of the bids, threw out one or two
classes on account of the prices being exorbitant. He took
the responsibility to throw them out himself, for the reason
that there wore no other bidders for the class but Mr. Sto-
ver. $
"At the two openings when I was present, but more es-
pecially the opening ot June of last year, there were a large
number of persons present, and everyone in the room had
the liberty to take the bids after they had been opened and
read and examine them, and even to take them out of the
room into an adjoining room; and I remember distinctly
that Mr. Ellis, who had a bid in for two or three classes,
came to me and protested against the thing being allowed,
for the reason that there was a party whom he did not know
in the room, who had all his bids, and was sitting at Mr,
Isherwood's table with a pen in his hand, copying and ex-
amining the bids. And there were times when every per-
son in the room had bids of their own or others in their
hands, which they read and examined at their leisure."
That statement of Mr. Murdock, on its face,
would seem to show that Isherwood, the day after
hisbids had been received and opened, was receiv-
ing bids from some other person,and,as amatter
of course, if it were true it would show that Isher-
wood ought to be punished with the severest pen-
alties of the law; but now what are the facts? I
desire specially to call your attention, Mr. Presi-
dent and Senators, to the facts. "When the ad-
vertisements were issued for those bids they were
all issued by Mr. Lenthall, because at the time
when they were issued the bureau of which he
was the head, the Bureau of Construction, Equip-
ment, and Repair, had not been divided, the Bu-
reau of Engineering had not been taken from it,
that being then a branch of Mr. Lenthall's bureau;
but by the time the bids came in the business was
so great that the bureau had been subdivided, and
Isherwood was put in charge of one branch,that
of steam engineering, Mr. Lenthall retaining the
other branches; and when the bids came in many
of them came to Lenthnll's bureau, which were
for classes belonging to the bureau of which Mr.
Isherwood was the head. Immediately upon re-
calling to the stand Mr. Isherwood,and Mr. Par-
well, who was the chief clerk in Lenthall's bu-
reau, the facts appeared. Mr. Farwell swears
positively that the very bid to which Murdock
referred was deposited on the first day in the bu-
reau of Mr. Lenthall, and it was in the hands of
Mr. Lenthall, and Mr. Farwell himself took that
bid to Mr. Isherwood's bureau and presented it
first to Mr. Neally, who was Mr. Isherwood's
chief clerk. Neally at first refused to receive it,
because it came too late. Farwell then presented
it to Mr. Isherwood, the chief of the bureau, tell-
ing him what the facts were. Murdock was pres-
ent when this witness testified to these facts,and
when Mr. Isherwood also testified to them, and
on having his attention again called to the subject
he states that the facts were precisely as Farwell
and Isherwood had statud them. Let me give the
words of the witnesses. The reply of Mr. Mur-
dock to the question of the Senator from New
Hampshire was on the 1st of June. On thenext
day he was examined by me, and I will read his
tCKhmony:
fC Question. Was not the bui^au then under Mr. Lenthall
called the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Kepair?
Was it not all one bureau at the time of Lliu advent, ing?
"Answer. I do not know whether it was or not. I only
know that Mr. Lenthall issued the advertisement for the
Bureau of Steam Engineering.
" Question, When the bids were put in, do you know
whether some of them which were intended for the Bureau
of Steam Engineering were delivered in fact to Mr. Len-
thall ?
"Answer. I know there were some bids in Mr. Lenthall's
bureau that belonged to the Bureau of Steam Engineering.
"Question. They had all been under one bureau previous
to that time, and the advertising was issued by Mr. Len-
thall^ bureau?
•' Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Was that the spring opening of 1863 of which
you speak, the first opening made by the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, of which Mr. Isherwood was chief?
%e Answer. Yes, sir.
u Question. Now, to come more particularly to tho trans-
action of which you spoke in relation to the bid put in by
Mr. Brown in behalf of Stover; on having your attention
more particularly called to it, do you remember the mis-
take which Brown asserted was the reason why the bid had
not been handed in to Mr. Isherwood ?
"Jinswer. I remember, since having my attention called
to the fact last evening, that the claim winch he made was
that the bid was deposited originally in Mr. Lenthail's bu-
reau.
u Question. Did he claim that the btf had been delivered
in time, delivered the day before ? *
" Jinswer. He claimed that the bid had been delivered to
Mr. Lenthall's bureau, and was found amonghis bids at the
opening, whereas it ought to have been delivered to Mr.
Isherwood."
Now, let me read Mr. Isherwood's testimony:
" B. F. Isherwood recalled and examined.
" By Mr. Doouttle t
tl Question. Do you remember the occasion of a bid being
brouglit into your office the next morning alter you com-
menced your opening, which was alleged to have been filed
with Mr. Lenthall; a bid for Mr. Stover?
"jinswer. I have a very indistinct recollection of Mr.
Farwell bringing some bid to me. Whether it was Mr.
Stover's bid, or whose it was, 1 cannot now say. It has
passed from my mind- I have been endeavoring to recol-
lect the name, bat I cannot. I know that he brought some
bid that had been sent to their bureau with other bids, and
upon opening it they finding that it belonged to my bureau,
he brought it in to me. That was iu my own office."
**********
" Question, Where they had already been sent m in
time, on the day fixed in the advertisement, did you ever
 give directions to have any bid received and sealed that
wai brought into the Department after the day fixed?
" Answer. Never. I never received any that was offered
after the opening commenced, not even on the same day.
When the opening once commences, when the first beal is
broken, aJl further bids are excluded.
" Question. And any bid that may have been brought
into your office after the opening commenced was a bid
which had been filed by mistake in some other bureau of
the Department, but filed in Uine ?
"Jinswer. These bids that we are now referring to in
these two bureaus were opened on the same day. The bids
lor my bureau were comparatively few, quite insignificant
compared with the others. We got through ours the first
day. The other bureau took two days to open theirs, and,
of course, until they did open them they could not tell to
whom they belonged, nor to which branch of the bureau
they ought to go.
" Quesiicm. The old bureau, under the charge of Mr.
Leuthatl, was a Rureau of Construction, Steam Engineer-
ing, and Repairs?
"•Answer. All the functions that now belong to the
three distinct Bureaus of Construction, Equipment, and
Steam Engineering, then belonged to the Bureau of Con-
struction alone, which was under Mr. Lenthall.
" Question. Your bureau, whichis the Bureau ofSream
Engineering, branched off from his bureau just about this
time ?
" Jinswer. It was a sub-office of his bureau previously,
and had then just been erected into an independent bureau.
This was the first bidding after the separation.
" Question. Who issued the advertisements for this bid-
ding lor both these branches of the old bureau ?
"Jinswer. Mr. Lenthall isbued the advertisements for
that bidding. All since have been issued by me.
"Question. Were the advertisements m this bidding
issued just as they had previously been, as if it was but
one bureau ?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
I will'-next read Mr. Farwell's testimony in
relation to that transaction:
"A. B. Farwell lecalled and examined.
"By Mr. Doolittls :
" Question. You were chief clerk of the bureau of which
Mr. Lenthall was the head at the time oi the advertisement
spoken of, as I understand?
"Answer. Yes, sir, I was.
"Question. You may state whether all the advertise-
ments for that bidding of the early spring of 1863 were issued
by your bureau, of which Mr. Lenthall was chief.
"jinswer. They were ail issued from our bureau.
"Question. Do you remember the eficumstanee of a cer-
tain bid that was put in by one Ainsvvorth Blown, in be-
half of Stover, in the spring of 1853?
"Jinswer. I remember that Mr. Ainsvvorth Brown brought
all of Stover's bids there at that opening.
"Question. On what day did he bting the bids there?
" Jinswer. He biought them there on the morning of tiie
13th of March, l o3, the morning ou which the opening
commenced.
"Question. Before any opening had taken place?
<4«97/swc7. Y**s, *ir.
" Quest ion. With whom wore they filed?
"Arnivei. With Mr. Lenthall.
"Question. Biown acted as agent for Stover?
"Answer. He snid he wag, Mr- Stover's chief 'clerk. , '
"Question, f believe you have already stated that the
openings by Mr. Lenthall were made in your presence?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question, Do you remember the opening of Stover's
bids in your bureau ?
"Answer. 1 do not remember the opening of Stover's
bids any more distinctly than I do the opening of others.
1 remember that his were opened.
"Question. On the opening of those bids will you state
whether you found that he had put in bids for matters
which belonged to Mr. Isherwood's bureau, and for what
yard ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; but I do not remember the yard. J
only remember that in Mr. Stover's bids we found propo-
sals belonging to Mr. Isherwood's bureau.
"Question. Can you state what was done with those bids
that belonged to Mr. l heiwood's bureau?
"Answer. That bid of Mr. S lover wasopened on the sec-
ond day of our openings.
"Question. You are sure it was filed on the first day?
"Answer. Yes, sir, they were all filed together. We
never took any bids into the bureau after we commenced
. opening; and when those are torn off they were {bund to
contain bids for lettered chisses. Our own bids wcr« all for
figure classes, ami in the other two bureaus the classes
were lettered. These were torn off by Mr. Lenthall, and
he ordered me to take them into Mr. isherwood's bureau.
I did so, and offered them to Mr. Neally, Mr. isherwood's
chief clerk.
"Question. On which day did you take them in ?
11 Answer. On the second day of our opening. When I
got in there Mr. Neally declined to take them, saying.that
they had closed their opening. I said to him that Mr.
Lenthall had torn them fiom our bids—that they belonged
to his bureau. He said that, as they had got through, he
would not takelhem, but I might hand them to Mr. Tshiir-
wood. Mr. Isherwood was then out, but he came in
while I was there talking with Mr, Neally, and I handed
them to him, saying i These belong to your bureau,' and I
immediately went out.
"Question. Do you remember whether Mr. Brown went
in with you or not?
"Answer. My recollection is that Mr. Brown came in
whiles I was there; he came in while I was going out of
the door, and he said he was going m to see that his bids
were properly scaled.
"Question. Was Mr. Murdock there at the time?
"Ansiver. Yes, sir; Mr. Murdock was sitting at what is
callcd the engineer's de k, h is back to us.
Question. State what occurred—what did Brown say
on the subject?
"Answer. When I started to go out of the door Brown
wanted me to say to Mr. Isherwood that they had' been
torn from our bids, as they were. I told him that I had
already said that to Mr. Isherwood, and I recollect saying
to Mr. I&herwood that my opinion was that they had bet-
ter he scaled, and, if they had any doubts, submit the ques-
tion to the Department whether they should be accepted.
"Question. Whatdid Mr. Isherwood reply to that?
"Answer. I think Mr. Isherwood told Mr. Nealfy to
scale them, and they would afterward settle whether they
ought to be received or not.
" Question* I understand you to say that you carried in
those bids yourself, of Stover, and handed them to Mr.
Neally ?
"Answer, I carried them In myself. F offered them to
Mr. Neally. He declined to take them, and f then handed
them to Mr. Isherwood. They never went into Brown's
hands until they had been in Mr. isherwood's. There
were bids of many parties torn off in the same way for Mr.
Isherwood's bureau and the Bureau of Equipment.
" Question. The bids catne into your bureau, it would,
seem, just as they had formerly, before the division of the*
bureau; and then looking over those bids, seeing some for
construction, some for engineering,.and some for equip-
ment, you separated the classes and sent them around to
the different bureaus where they properly belonged?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. As to this particular bid of Stover's which
Brown represented, are you positive that it was put in on
the first day ?
"Answer. I am positive that it was put in there in the
morning with all Stover's bids. They were all put in to-
gether by Mr. Brown. We never took a bid in our bureau
atter the openings commenced. Bids have been received
at our bureau by mail arriving there the next day and have
been scaled, leaving half a dozen lines between the regu-
lar scale and those that came in late, and the words 'Re-
ceived too late' were marked opposite to them, and they
were never considered m tiie awarding of contracts."'
And then, after these witnesses had thus testi-
fied, Mr. Murdock was recalled,
<c Ira Murdock recalled and examined.
" By Mr. Doouttle :
" Question. On your hearing Mr. Farwell state the
facts m relation to what occurred there, does younecoi-
lcction agree with his as to what he state  ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I should like to look at the scale of
that bidding. [Scale shown to witness.] On examining
the original scale, I find that Mr. Stover bid for four classes,
that two were awaided to him, and on one cla«? he was not
a successful bidder. On the remaining class the bid was .
thrown out, there being no competitor and the price being
exorbitant. On further icfleeiion and examination of the
scale, I desire to make this correction of the statement I
made yesterday."
Mr. President, and Senators, when you come
to look into this transaction and see it as it is, I
undertake to say that there is not a shadow rest-
ing upon the official integrity of Mr. Isherwood.
As to Mr. Lenthall there is certainly nothing
within the lids of this volume which goes to re-
flect on his official integrity as an officer; nothing
