'858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
to show that there was any corruption or any-
thing wrong, or at least any intentional wrong.
He may have made mistakes, as other men make
them; but that there was any intentional wrong
on his part, or any corruption on his part, there
is no evidence whatever to show.
Now, you may come down to the clerks in the
Department. There was Mr. Farweil, who was
the chief clerk of Mr. Lenthall's bureau. There
was in the testimony given by Franklin W. Smith
some hearsay evidence, which seemed for a mo-
ment to throw a suspicion upon Mr. Farweil.
Smith stated to the committee that some other
person had told him in the city of Boston that
Farweil and Murdock, two of the clerks in the
Department, had been purchasing some property
near Boston and that their houses had been fur-
nished, and intimating, not saying in so many
words, that it was done for some kind of corrupt
or improper services rendered by them in the
Navy Department, they being clerks in that De-
partment. When Mr. Prattand Mr. Ellis, the two
gentlemen who Mr. Smith said made this state-
ment to him, were called upon the stand as wit-
nesses, they denied that they had ever told J^lr.
Smith any such tiling. It was mere hearsay any-
how. When Farweil and Murdock were called
on the stand as witnesses and examined at length
on these charges of their having purchased prop-
erty oV receiving something as a consideration for
their action in the Department, I undertake to say
that in their testimony theyclearly and unequivo-
cally explained it all, and there has not been a
shadow resting oil Farweil; and if suspicion rests
on anybody it is on Murdock; hut his testimony
on this subject is clear and explicit.
I do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-
ate; but this point about corruption within the
Navy Departmentand the corruption of the heads
of bureaus and of clerks in the Department has
been referred to so often that I feel called upon
as a matter of duty both to these officers and to
the country m whose service I am, that these
chargcs so often repeated shall not go forth un-
challenged to destroy the confidence of the peo-
ple in the very officers that are administering the
Government in this time of peril. On this sub-
ject Mr. Murdock was questioned, and I ques-
tioned him myself, among others. Tins is his
testimony:
" By Mr. Doolittle :
" Question. You *ay you reside in Biidgewatcr, Massa-
chubctts-; what ia the name of the count} ?
"jlnsu-cr. Plymouth count}.
uQuestion. Did you. puichuse a house and lot at Bridge-
water not Ion" a o\?
^Jlnsver. Ye<, sir. I held a mortgage on a house, and
I took possession of it some year ago" The owner of the
hou^e was down in the southern countiy; he went there
to live auer the rebellion, and I think h<i& been lieardfrom
no? niou* than ouee or twice smcu he left.
uQuestion. Did he join the rebels, as you understand?
"JUnswer. I do not know that he did ; ms supposed th.it
he did. His wile coukl not carry on uie place; circum-
frtances were emharrabstng at rh.i time ho leit, ami f paid
her a certain Mint of money, and took the house, with a
guainntee noin her htoihers and lus brothers in Boston—
responsible men—that I should, at a certain time, rcceive
a deed ftom linn, winch I iiave not mceired.
"Question. Iiow much wa> your utoi Igage ?
"irtnsirer. About live thou^uid dollais.
" QueUiu7i. And how much did you give her?
if*dn$wcr. Fifteen hundred dollars.
Question. Do you know a gentleman in Boston by the
name of Piatt, of the fiim of fioivers, Piatt fit Co. ?
"Jkiswer. Yes, sir; veiy well."
Mr. Pratt was the person who it was said had
made the statement in relation to Murdock, that
he could be purchased in the Department.
" Question. Has Mr. Pratt given to you, or to your wife
or family, in any way, direct or mdnect, anything m con-
fridcraUon of any lavor you may have done him connected
with the Department or the Government?
"•Answer. Never a dollar."
And when you look into the testimony of Mr.
Pratt and the testimony of Mr. Ellis, they both
swear positively that no such thing ever did oc-
cur, and they never said to Smith that it did occur;
and that, I confess, is one of those painful facts
standing out in the case which have led me to*
doubt very much the good faith of this Smith in
the testimony which he gave. These two wit-
nesses swear positively that they never made to
him any such statement as he stated they did;
and the man himself swears positively that no
such tiling ever occui red. And what goes to show
how perfectly baseless is this charge against the
Department will appear when I tell you that this
Mr. Mutdockhad not been in the employment of
the Department for a whole year before^ the in-
vestigation began by this committee; and yet the
investigation was sought upon the basis of charges
of fraud and corruption in that Department of the
Government, more dangerous to the country even
than the enemies in the field.
Mr. President, I rose only to speak upon one
point, and that was to defendthe official integrity,
of the men in this Departmentagainst these whole-
sale and sweeping charges. I challenge any Sen-
ator on any side of this Chamber to name the
man in the Department; and I say that if, after
months of investigation, you have not the evi-
dence upon which you can point to this man, or
that man, or the other, and say to him, " Thou
art the man; I charge you with corruption," every
tongue should be silent on this subject of official
corruption in the Navy Department. I do not
stand here to say that all that has been transacted
in the navy-yard at Charlestown or New York is
free from any charge of corruption. I do not un-
dertake to know what has transpired there. I
will not make charges without proof, and I am
unwilling that charges should be made unless they
are based upon proof.
Among other things it has been urged that the
administration of that Department has been ineffi-
cient. Sir, a single fact is sufficient to answer all
that. In what condition was that Department
when it was taken possession of by Mr. Welles
and the men under him? In what condition was
the naval force of this country at the breaking out
of this rebellion ? Sir, our naval force under the
last Administration, which was in sympathy with
this very rebellion, had been sentto the four quar-
ters of the world; not a single vessel remained to
us except the Brooklyn, and she, drawing four-
teen feet of water, could not enter any harbor on
the southern coast with the exception of one or
two. They had been sent to the uttermost parts
of the sea for the very purpose of disarming the
Government and rendering it powerless m the
great conflict. And what have we seen ? Steadily
under the administration of this much-abused
Navy Department we have seen that naval power
growing month by month. We have seen it vic-
torious at Hilton Head. We have seen it victo-
rious at New Orleans where the British and French
admirals in command of their vessels in the Mis-
sissippi river at New Orleans declared that icwas
impossible for our naval vessels to be successful.
We have seen it winning triumphs atVicksburg,
at Mobile, at Fort Fisher. Ay, Mr. President,
under the direction and control of this much-
abused Novy Department we have seen a naval
force gathered together which, under the com-
mand of David Porter, in the attack upon Fort
Fisher, had a power sufficient to have sunk the
whole navy of Great Britain in six hours in a
single fight. And all this great Navy has been
gathered together in the short period of three or
four years; and yet men speak of the inefficiency
of the administration of the Navy Department.
Sir, I go not into the details; I care not whether
it is administered by the Secretary-in-chief or by
his Assistant Secretary, it is administered by
somebody who has brains, power, energy, and
will, and it has accomplished in the putting down
of this rebellion that for which the American peo-
ple in their heart of hearts ought to declare their
unbounded gratitude and their undying thanks.
Mr. President, I do not purpose at all to go into
other matters on this occasion. The honorable
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] is much better
prepared than myself to speak upon the other
great questions that have been raised in relation
to the administration of'-this Department, and I
shall forbear trespassing any longer upon the at-
tention of the Senate. (■
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was my purpose, Mr.
President, to submit'a few remarks in reply to
that portion of the&peech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin which referred to the re-
marks'-/ before submitted to the Senate; but since
that he has gone'oiF on a very cold scent, and the
controversy has lost to me most of its interest.
I cordially agree with the honorable Senator in
his statement that our relations arc those of per-
sonal kindness, and therefore i am sure he will
take no personal exception to what! am about to
say. The course he has pursued on this occa-
sion only verifies a remark made by the pho-
tographer of the Republican party, the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire. That honorable
Senator, in the course of the remarks in which
he delineated so truthfully and so beautifully the
character of the Republican party, said that he
was one of its earliest champions, and now he
found that the new converts to the party, and es-
pecially that portion of them who came from the
Democratic party, were its most zealous defend-
ers.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin, m the
remarks which he intended to be disparaging to
the Democratic party, denied that the history of
that party was as old, that its record was as hon-
orable, as I had avowed it to be before the Sen-
ate. How many /ears has it been since that
honorable Senator was a high-priest in Demo-
cratic councils ? Sir, he has not tarried at the
political Jericho of the Republican party suffi-
ciently long for his beard to attain full growth.
If I mistake not, he bore honorable commission
to the national councils of the Democratic party.
If I mistake not, he was one of its fiercest cham-
pions, and he bore aloft its banner in his own
State at one time. Sir, I have never known it to
fail, when a member of the Democratic party has
left the party, that he has not said that he did
not leave the party, but that the party left him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable gentleriian
is mistaken. The real Democratic party did not
leave me; they came right along with me and
helped to make the Republican party, and they
are almost all in.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My only reply to that is
that the old Republican party to which the Sen-
ator alludes had everything in the head and not
" nigger on the brain," and the Republican party
of the present day—I mean no personal offense—
has nothing except " nigger on the brain."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I do not wish to in-
terrupt this interesting discussion; but I will at
this period make a point of order. My point is
that it is out of order, it is illegal to hold an in-
quest over the corpse of the Democratic party
when the coroner is not present. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the Senator
in the course of the very few remarks which I
propose to submit.
Sir,we have had a beautiful exhibition hereto-
day. An honorable Senator, whose effusions, or
rather whose patriotic, noble, and thrilling elo-
quence in the other House as the champion of the
Democratic cause I read when I was a school-
boy, rises and exposes the criminality of his new
associates, while still professing to belong to the
party in power which has succeeded the Demo-
cratic party. Another distinguished Senator, who
but very recently was baptized in this fountain of
Republicanism, comes forth as its champion. Mr.
President, with those kind feelings that 1 know
exist personally between the honorable Senator
and myself, I can only hope that, as Peter denied
his Lord and Master, repented, and was forgiven,
he is not too old yet, notwithstanding his political
sins of the last few years, to repent of them and
be forgiven also.
But the honorable Senator from Indiana raises
a point of order; he asserts that it is not in order
to holdan inquest over the dead bodyoftheDem-
ocratic party when the coroner is not present.
Sir, if the Democratic party is dead, what a gi-
gantic corpse we have before us. One million
seven hundred and fifty thousand voters in this
country constitute that corpse, if corpse it be.
Where is the living man that is to summon the
coroner to hold an inquest over that dead body?
By your own confession, and notwithstanding all
the means to which you resorted, you had only
some two hundred or twohundred and fifty thou-
sand majority in the last presidential election;
and I novv say here, in the hearing of the coun-
try, that it is my solemn conviction that had that
election been rightfully and legally determined,
George B. McClellan, in favor of v/hose nomina-
nation I never was, would at this day be the de-
clared President-elect of the United States.
Why do I say so? Why, sir, I, with other
Democratic Senators,in compliance with the low
of the land, in compliance with our duty, went
over a few days ago to witness the most magnifi-
cent farce that I ever saw exhibited at the other
end of the Capitol; and that was to hear the vote
for President of the United States declared. I
listened to it. It went on; and all the votes from
the land of steady habits—and, with ail respect
for the honorable Senator who sits before me,
