I
S65>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[Mr. Wilson,] the land which not many years
ago thought it pious to burn old women for
witches, and which now thinks it equally pious
to whitewash a negro and make him equal to a
whtte man—were recorded for the presentincum-
bent. It went on until it came to the gallant State
represented by my friend from New Jersey, and
then there was music in the sound. That vote
gave out the true utterances of the voters of that
State. Then came the vote of the smallest State
now in the Union in population; and* let me
correct history for one moment. It has been
said that Virginia is the mother of States; but,
sir, I say then came the voice of the mother of
States, the little State which I and my colleague
represent on this floor; the State which was the
first to adopt the Constitution, and which, by the
action of her sons, has showed herself more faith-
ful than any other so far heard from to the com-
pact of the fathers, by being the first promptly
to reject the unconstitutional proposed constitu-
tional amendment. Then, I say, came the voice
of that State, and though there were but three
votes cast that sound brought joy to the ear and
gladness to the heart.
Mr. President, I said that in my judgment had
th$t vote been legally ascertained, George B. Mc-
C-lellan would have been declared to be the Pres-
ident of the United States. I was not in favor of
his nomination; and foreseeing that he would be
nominated, although a delegate to the convention,
I would not attend, because he had identified him-
self with certain principles and had a record and
a history which were antagonistic to the votes that
I had given in this body, and I did not desire to
condcmn my own action by an indorsement of his
record; and yet, when he was presented by that
convention, welcoming any breeze that would
bring happiness and prosperity, and in some meas-
ure restore constitutional libarty to this country,
and get rid'at once and forever of the mad coun-
sels of the present incumbent of the executive
chair and the party that now controls the destinies
of this country, I supported him; and I repeat my
belief that had that election been rightfully and
legally determined he would have been declared
the President-elect. Why do I say so? I have
said that I was called upon to witness a farce in
the counting of the votes in the House of Rep-
resentatives. What were some of the evidences
that it was a farcer I heard the State of Mary-
land announced as voting for Abraham Lincoln.
A number of the counties of that State border on
the county in which I live. I have traveled through
them; and I have yet to find any evidence in fa-
vor of this Administration among that class of
people with whom I became acquainted in that
portion of the State. Will you tell me that Mary-
land voted at a free election for the present Ex-
ecutive of the United States when I know the
fact that the armed military were at the polls;
when I know that when, notwithstanding the un-
constitutional act passed by a bogus Legislature
and enforced by a bogus government in the State
of Maryland, gentlemen against whose charac-
ter not a word could be said, went forward and
undertook to take the oath prescribed in that con-
stitution , they were driven from the polls, and
not allowed to vote?
Then came in Missouri, voting for Abraham
Lincoln. Who believes that the people of Mis-
souri, at a free election, would vote an indorse-
ment of his policy? I do not refer to the young
State called West Virginia. Her Senators know
more of the sentiment of that portion of the State
of Virginia than I do; but I have met representa-
tives in the national council even from that por-
tion of Virginia who have told me that if the op-
ponents of the Administration had had any fair
chance they could have carried that State.
Mr. WILLEY. The honorable Senator from
Maryland 
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not belong to that
province. Abraham has not got our State as a
" province" exactly.
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, from the "prov-
ince" ef Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir; the "State" of
Delaware.
Mr. WILLEY. Well, then, the State of Del-
aware; anything to satisfy the honorable Sena-
tor. I have the pleasure to inform the Senator,
and I have no doubt it will be a pleasure to him
to learn; that there was a regularly nominated
ticket atthelate presidential election in West Vir-
ginia of the party with which he is connected,
and of which he feels so proud, a party adorned
so highly on this floor; and in order to revive the
Democratic party in our State they placed before
the people five distinguished old-line Whigs and
gave them the whole vote of the Democratic party
in the young State of West Virginia; that there
was a fair vote; and that they were beaten by
more than three to one.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have witnessed in per-
son some of these " fair telections" where there
has been a regular Democratic ticket running. I
recollect that only a year ago last fall the Demo-
cratic p'arty in my State nominated a candidate for
Congress, and the Republican party nominated
their candidate. I reeollect that election day came,
and that handbills were thrown in the yards of
farmers by armed soldiers passing by, cautioning
them in reference to the approaching election. I
recollect that they had squads of soldiers around
the voting places, and that they had certain oaths
stuck up, the paternity of which belongs to one re-
nowned general, who is now a member of the other
House, who has shed his blood upon many bat-
tle-fields, and illustrated the patriotism of his
country not by accepting civil position in war,
but by active campaigns in the field. He was once
in command of the Middle department, and had
his headquarters in Maryland, and I believe repre-
sents or misrepresents, in part, the State of Ohio.
I recollect that notwithstanding there was a regu-
lar Democratic ticket in the field there were but
fourteen Democratic votes cast; and why? We
had the privilege of making a ticket; but we were
notified beforehand of pains and penalties to be
'attached to voting in a particular way. I pre-
sume, therefore, when the Democrats of West
Virginia had the privilege of making out a ticket
they had some means of understanding that it
was not exactly safe to exercise their right to vote
according to their own judgment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator's supposition
is entirely unfounded. There were scarcely any
troops in West Virginia, and no influence of the
kind brought to bear upon the people. There
never was a more free or fair election in any State
in the Union.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand it all. On
the occasion of the election in my State to which
I refer I did not approach the polls. I thought I
knew the terms upon which I could vote. I have
no doubt there were Democrats in West Virginia
just as intelligent, and who understood the whole
matter just as well as I did.
I have made these remarks in response to the
playful point of order raised by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, to assure him that if this
Administration had appointed a coroner to sit over
the dead body of the Democratic party he would
have found the largest corpse over which an in-
quest was ever held.
One remark more, sir, and I shall conclude.
Let the Democrats of the country take heart. To
theml say,though yourenemies maycharge you
with being disloyal and in favor of disunion, with
your glorious Union record, with the vast num-
bers who went to the polls, notwithstanding the
arbitrary measures resorted to to deprive you of
the exercise of the highest functions of the Amer-
ican citizen, when you see that you only fell some
two hundred or two hundred and fifty thousand
votes behind in a popujar election in the States
now in the Union and said to be loyal, the record
is most encouraging; it gives hopes of the future.
Forsake not your principles, but rally around the
same old standard under which you were wont to
fight. Remember that in all your history and
throughout your entire administration of national
affairs no citizen ever complaimed that he had
been illegally arrested and placed in a Bastile.
Remember that you have a record which shows
that under your administration of the Federal
Government no man was ever deprived of life,
liberty, or property, except by due process of law.
Recollect that throughout your entire history no
press was forbidden to publish its views to the peo-
ple of the country; that no executive hand was
laid upon the freedom of the press. I say to the
members of that glorious party, recollect that no
President whom you ever elevated to that high
position ever dared to claim the power of sus-
pending the bulwark of liberty, the %vrit of habeas
corpus, and then come before the Congress of the
United States asking tp be relieved from the con-
sequences of the act. Recollect also that during
the entire existence of your party, instead of dis-
memberment and disintegration, there was noth-
ing but the addition of State after State. Contrast
that with the record of this Republican party, and
you have a platform of principles upon which,
you can safely go before the people of the coun-
try, if indeed'Abraham theiirst Republican Pres-
ident is not to become Abraham the first emperor,
and you may meet your political foes, and not by
military force or a resort to unconstitutional
means, but by the free exercise of that suffrage
which is secured to you by the Constitution, Fed-
eral and State, achieve a noble triumph in the fu-
ture.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I think, as this de-
bate has assumed somewhat of a discursive char-
acter, it is perhaps a fitting occasion for Nevada
to utter her first voice in this august presente.
I have been interested,instructed, amused,"and
pained by the discussions here to-day. Every
Senator, of course, is the judge of his own taste;
but if 1 had been the Senator from New Hamp-
shire mine would not have led me in the direction
in which his taste has led him here to-day. So,
too, of the Senator from Delaware. He has at-
tempted to enlighten and instruct us upon the his-
tory of the old, glorious Democratic party; and
he remarked that he had never seen, in the course
of his observation, a person who had formerly
belonged to that party who would acknowledge
that he left it. I desire to gratify him now by an
exhibition of one who has the manliness to admit
that he left the Democratic party when it had
ceased to do good and had learned so well to do
evil.
I do not think that the honorable Senator from
Delaware has studied carefully the history of the
Democratic party; his recollections of its glory rest
in tradition. He intimates that he was one among
the few that had stood here for years, like the
stripling; of Israel against the giant of Gath, to
defend its principles. The misfortune of the gentle-
man is that most of his former associates are to
be found in the rebel army; that they lost their
love and their affection for the institutions of their
country and have raised their arm to destroy it.
In an evil hour, when passion instead of judg-
ment controlled their action, they ceascd to honor
and respect the olden glory of their party, and
have literally, in their madness, deluged this conti-
nent in blood.
The Senator closed his speech with a word of
encouragement to his own party to stand firm and
rally around their standard. And pray, sir, who
was your last standard-bearer? A man of whom
in the history of this country is written the fact
that he was particeps criminis in this wicked re-
bellion—a fit candidate fora party whose firstand
whose last Vice President was a rebel.
Sir, the remarks of the Senator from Delaware
—he will pardon me for saying it, (! believe in
his heart he is loyal and right, but he lacks a little
ofthatoldDemocraticfirmnessof which he boasts,
to assert it)—sound like what I heard while sitting
in this gallery about four years ago; and the Sen-
ator will remember it, as it was during the closing
scenes of his party's existence, i allude to the
remarks of Mr. Wigfall, Mr. Breckinridge, and a
host of others whose names I will not mention,
who seemed to me to have fallen into that great
error into which no man, and especially no states-
man, should fall, and to have reached that point
where their adoration for party rose higher than
their devotion and duty to their Government.
Sir, I have a right to remember the history of
the old Democratic party. I acted with it before
the Senator was old enough to vote; and one of
two things is true, that the Democratic party de-
parted from its original glory, fell, literally fell,
from its high estate, or 1 did not understand its
principles when I voted with it. I had always
understood him to be the !}est Democrat who loved
his country most, and who would make the great-
est sacrifices to sustain it. That was the Democ-
racy that was taught to me. But m modern timea
it seems to bo the crowning glory of a Demociat
to do the most to tear down the temple of repub-
lican freedom. With that kind of Democracy I
have no sympathy, no affiliation. I love the Demo-
cratic party, if I love it at all, for its ancient glory
and usefulness, not for its modern dereliction and
recreancy.
