1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Pomeuoy
in the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair ;it ihis
time to announce that the unfinished business of
yestordny is the order of (he day.
Mr. IICNDRICKIS. I f the Senate will indulge
me for thne minutes 1 will conclude all I destie
to soy on this question.
Mr. WILSON. Let the special order be laid
aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done; and the Senator from Indiana will proceed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What does the Senator
from Iowa wish to roach by h:s proposition, the-
opinions or the conduct of men? If he wishes
to strike at the conduct of men, that is properly
reached through thecourts If men in the District
of Columbia have been guilty of such acts as the
law condemns, the couus in the District of Co-
lumbia are open; they can be tru d and cnnvieted.
If the Senator wishes to reach the opinions, the
convictions of citizen4?, 1 protest against a policy
which has proved prejudicial and hurtful to Gov-
ernment wherever it has been adopted. You
cannot correct the opinions of men by requiring
thorn to take oaths, it is one of the evils that
^Dn^land for the last twenty yeais lias been aban-
doning, and I hope that our own country will not
adopt a policy which experience has shown that
the older Governments of the world ought to
abandon and are abandoning.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the Senator from Iowa
to allow us to dispose of the important matter
which was temporarily laid aside, that must bo
acted on now if at all.
Mr. IIARLAN. I shall not occupy more than
a few moments; but the Senator from Indiana ad-
dressed himself so directly and personally to me
thai I ought to respond.
Mi. SI 1ERMAN. The bill to which I icfei
will not take Iop<j.
Mr. HARLAN. When 1 conclude I shall have
no objection to laying this re .solution aside for the
purpose of taking up that bill.
The Senator from Indiana addressed himself
very directly, and I thought somewhat person-
ally, to me. He propounded a number of inqui-
ries, one of which was whether I was disposed
to cast suspicion on the people of the District of
Columbia as to their loyalty. I do not think that
this is a legitimate logical conclusion to be diawn
from th" adoption of the resolution, no more than
it would have been from the pa<sa<;o of the law
requiring membets of Congress to take a sinnlui
oath. 1 did not inferfrom the passage of that law
that any person voting for it supposed that a ma-
jority of tiie members of this body, or any of them,
were unfaithful to the Government; butit was sup-
posed to be barely possible that some one or more
peisous might present themselves heie <uid claim
seats who had been engaged in this rebellion,and
for the purpose of ferreting out the few possible
cases the general rule was adopted requiring all
to take the prescribed oath.
Now, sir, this is not unusual. It is not unusual
for communities to institute a seaich of every
house in a town or a city where a burglary or
theft may have been committed, not that it is sup-
posed that the mwjonty of the pf ople of the town
or city are thieves or burglars, but because it is
known that the law has been violated, and that
goods have been sloKn and hidden away, and
that there is probably a thief in the community,
and that the stolen goods are concealed, and for
the purpose of ferreting out the thief and ascer-
taining where the goods are, all the citizens sub-
mit to a search, and do it voluntarily. No man
permitting his house to be seaichcd supposes he
will be regarded as m complicity with the thieves.
The general search is made for the purpose of
protecting each one from the consequences of un-
just suspicion. If the search was made of the
house of the suspjcioned party alone, it would
wound bis feelings, and probably ruin his char-
acter for all lime to come; and for the pui pose of
preserving him from the consequences of a possi-
ble unjust suspicion, the general search is made.
And so I apprehend we may justify the passage
of a law requiring every member or Congress to
take an oath of fidelity to the Government, not
because it is supposed that a majority of them,
or any considerable n umbei of them, lack-fidelity,
but because it is believed that some may possibly
present themselves who are unworthy of trust;
and to avoid the consequences of unjust suspicion
on any one member, the general rule is adopted
iequiiing all to take the oath. Now, sir, the
proposition that I make, if adopted by Congress,
will screen each individual fiom unjust suspicion,
and yet afford means of detecting the guilty par-
ties, whose continuance in our nude>t ma}'enable
them to afford assistance to the public enemy.
The Senator desired me to state whether 1 knew
of any facts that would justify the passage of
any such law as the resolution contemplates. I
am amazed that any one could ask such a question
as that who has lived in this District for a single
month. "We all know that there are people living
in this District who are not only in sympathy wuh
the rebellion, but who embiace every available
opportunity to aid the rebels in arms against their
Government, who cairy goods thioogh the linos
on every occasion that they can make available,
and who send the proceeds of their trades and of
their professions to their sons, and brothers, and
husbands in the rebel army, so that we aie, in
harboiing ihem in our midst, indirectly support-
ing the rebellion. In my opinion, we have a
right to drive them from this community.
But the Senator inquired whether I would pro-
pose any such law for Indiana. There is a marked
difference between the political condition of this
District and that of a State. Congress has "ex-
clusive jurisdiction " over this District, has aright
to prescribe all its laws. It has not the right thus
to legislate for a soveteign State. And hence the
distinction is clear between the political condition
of the people of a State and the political condition
of the people of this District. He said that the
people of the District had no representatives in
this body. Sir, we are ail the representatives of
this District, and are bound by our oaths to legis-
late in good faith for their welfare; and in my
opinion every loyal citizen of tins District would
thank Congress tor the adoption of any measure
calculated to diive from their midst aiders and
abettors of the rebellion. In my opinion this reso-
lution ought to pass; 1 think a law on this subject
ought to be enacted, but 1 am content to leave that
question with the committeeappointed to take the
immediate oversight of the interests of the District.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Iowa a question, if he will be kind enough
to answer it. Suppose his resolution should be
passed and an inhabitant of this District should
rufusu to take the piescribod oath, what does he
propose to do in such a case as that ?
Mr. H \ UL AN. I think the Senator from Del-
aware misapprehends the whole purpoitof the
resolution, it is a icsolutirm of instruction, in-
sti uctmg the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia to inquire into the propriety and expediency
of such a law, and that is the whole of it. If
they should ieport a bill on the subject, and the
question should then pertinently arise which has
been propounded by the Senator, I should take
great pleasure in attempting to answer it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The experience of Sen-
ators m this body shows that when an inquiry of
this character is directed, the committees gener-
ally report in accordance with the suggestions
contained in the resolutions directing the inquiry.
The Senator suggests that this is only a simple
inquny,and that no harm can lesult from it. For
myself, believing that a repoi t of the character that
he wishfs made will be made, and as he himself
says it is barely possible the committee will not
report favorably, I have felt it my duty to op-
pose even the inquiry.
Now, sir, I shall be justified in opposing iLhere
on its passage, because the committee cannot re-
port a bill upon this subject that will not be m
violation of the Constitution of the United States.
I know that it is an able committee, and I know
that it can do on this subject whatever any other
committee of this body or any other body can
do; butis there a propriety in making an inquiry
whether a thing .should not be done, which, if
done, would be violative of the Constitution of
the United States? Why do I say that? If the
committee report a bill saying thatnn oath of this
chaiacter shall be administered to every inhabit-
ant of this'District, and to every person doing
business m this District, they must provide some
mode of compelling the party to take it in case of
refusal. Now, what is the Constitution of the
United States, and wherein would a bill with any
penalty, a penalty, for instance, of removal from
the District in case of non-compliance with it,b#
violative of the Constitution? in this respefet?
the Constitution provides that: r *
"No person shall be held to answer for a capita* or other-
wise infamous crimp, unless on a presentment or in&Cfc-
ment of a grand }ury," * * * * "sorah&U
lie beconi polled many criminal ease to boa witness aghast
himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property; \vUbo*«
due process of law." ' 'a "* ?   ,
Now, I apprehend it will be very
the District Committee to frame a law aljflwi^^
trial by juiy for the purpose of compelling $ per*
son to take the oath. I presume the puhisjifrje^t
would be more summary than such "as could
administered by a court upon conviction by ajivy*
It might be exportation from the District, and thai
would be depriving a person of his liberty with-
out due process of law. It might be taking away
his property, and clearly that would be a violation
of the Constitution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Coilnmer, Conness,
Dixon, Farwoll,Foot, Po ter, Gimies, Hale, liar I an, How-
ard, Lime of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeioy,
Sherman, Sprague, Sunnier, Ten £yck, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, WiJluufcon, and WiHey—2-1.
NAYri—Messrs. liiowii.Buckalew,Cowan,Davis, Hen?
deisou, Hendricks, Johnson, Powell, Richardson, and
Saulsburv—10.
ABSE\TT—Mosur*. Cariile, Chandler, DooHttle, Hard-
ing, Harris, Hicks. Uovve, McDouga.il, Morrill, Nesmith,
Itamsey, Riddle, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—35.
So .the resolution was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had yesterday approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 329) for the relief of William H.
Jameson, a paymaster in the United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 350) to authorize the purchase
or construction of revenue cutters on the lakes;
A bill (S. No. 352) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United States district court
for the district of Indiana;
A joint resolution (S.R. No. 83) tenderingthe
thanks of Congress to Captain John A. W ins low,
United States Navy, and to the officers and men
under his command on board the United States,
steamer Kearsarge, in the conflict with the pirati-
cal craft the Alabama; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant William B.
Gushing, United States Navy, and to the officers
and men who assisted him in his gallantand peril-
ous achievement in destroying the rebel steamer
Albemarle.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. WILSON. I now call for the regular order
of the day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator waive his
cali for a moment, to enable us take up the bill
from the House of Representatives imposing the
two-dollar tax on whisky? If it is to be passed
it is impoitant that it should be passed to-day.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suppose I shall have to give
way to that bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only ask that the Senator
give way to that as it was laid aside on my mo-
tion. I iiave now prepared an amendment to carry
out the suggestion winch 1 made. I mo veto take
it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed thi? consideration of the bill (H. It. No.
618) to amend the act entitled "An act to provide
internal ieve\iue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend thebillby
striking out all after the enacting clause and insert-
ing the following:
That the lax of two dollars on spirits imposed by th*4 fifty-
fiirh f-ection oi the act "to psovide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public debt, and
ibi oiher puipoy-rj-,"approved Jane 30, 1804, liu levied,col-
lected, and paid on and after the l*t day of January, 1S65,
intend of the 1st day of Februaiy in said year at> provided
by said original act.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an amendment sim-
ply of phraseology. I like the language used by
the Senator from Maryland better than the lan-
guage sent to us from the other House; but 1
submit to him whether it is worth while to raise
a question of phraseology on a bill that must be
acted upon to-day or to-morrow. I think if a
