860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
We are told by the honorable Senator that dur-
ing the Democratic reign the writ of habeas corpus
was never suspended. Let me, to show his er-
ror, call the honoiabie Senator's attention to two
or three instances. When the first Democratic
Vice President of the United States was about to
be arrested for treason, General Wilkinson was
intrusted with the arrest; and the .President at
that time, a Democrats he is claimed, suspended
the writ of habeas corpus, and placed that suspen-
sion in the hands of the officer who was charged
with the arrest ere he left this Capitol.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Nevada will pause. The hour of half past
four o'clock having arrived the Senate-will now
take a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
CLAIMS OF KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up a little bill re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, to which
there will be no objection. It is Senate bill No.
70, to enable the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to settle the claim of the State of Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. The State of Kansas may
have claims to the amount of several millions of
dollars. I should like to know what the bill is
going to appropriate before I consent to its being
taken up.
Mr. LANE, nf Kansas. I can explain it in a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bill can be reported
that would be as well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read atlarge for the information of the Senate,
and that will show what it is.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
authorize the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to receive satisfactory evidence, in lieu
of the original vouchers, in support of a claim for
expenses incurred by the State of liansas, pro-
vision for reimbursement of which was made by
the "Act to indemnify the States for expenses in-
curred by them in defense of the United States,"
approved July 27,1861, the original vouchershav-
ing been destroyed by fire at the late massacre in
Lawrence, Kansas.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, with an amendment, to add the
following proviso:
Provided, Tlwit in the settlement of the above-mentioned
claim there shall not oe allowed to the State of Kaunas a
sum exceeding tlie bum of §12,351 04.
Mr.HOWARD. 1 wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Kansas in regard to the
phraseology in this bill. As it now stands it
would allow the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
ceive any description of evidence, no matter how
weak, instead of confining himself to what would
be in law secondary evidence. I will therefore
move to strike out the word " satisfactory" and
to insert the woid " secondary," which has an
exact, technical meaning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves to amend the bill further
by striking out the word " satisfactory" in the
fourth line and inserting the word "secondary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time,and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to extend the time for
the completion of certain railroads to which land
grants have been made in the Stales of Michigan
find Wisconsin—to the Committee on Public
Lunds.
A lull (H. It. No. 735) in relation to mar-
riages in the District of Columbia—to the Com-
mittee on the IjiUiict of C'Juri;!...!.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 166) to provide
for mustering out of the military service certain
non-commissioned officers and privates who en-
listed to fill old regiments—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 1G7) for the re-
lief of John Wells & Sons—to the Committee
on Claims.
MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a report from
a committee of conference,and as it is very brief
I would be glad to have it acted upon now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report, no objection being made.
It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the hill (H. R.
No. 583) to amend the twenty-first section of an act enti-
tled "An act to define the puy and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and l'or other purposes," approved
July 17,1862, have met, and after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommcnd, to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the House concur in the first amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendment: in line eleven
strike out the word " volunteers," and in lieu thereof in-
sert the words " volunteer or other forces."
That the House concur in the second amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendments: strike oat of the
seventh line of said amendmentthe word " descend" and
in lieu thereof insert the words " be paid and after the
word " heirs" in the same line insert the words "or legal
representatives." t
That the conferee* recommend that the Senate recede
from its third amendment to said bill.
That the House concur in the amendment of the Senate
to the title.
HENRY WILSON,
JAMES W.GRIMES,
HENRY S. LANE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON,
E. R. ECKLEY,
W. H. WADSWORTH,
Manager* on the part of the. Home.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
REPUDIATION OF REBEL DEBT.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to be
good enough to take up the resolution which 1
introduced this morning. It is important that it
should be acted on.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Whereas certain persons have put in circulation the re-
port that on the suppression of the rebellion the rebel debt
or loan may be recognized in whole or in part by the Uni-
ted States; and whereas such areportis calculated to give
a false value to such rebel debt or loan : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate, (the Bouse of Representatives
concurring,) That Congress heieby declares that the rebel
debt or loan is simply an agency of the rebellion, which the
United States can never, under any circumstances, recog-
nize m any part or in any way.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following as an additional
section:
And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons,
shall pass, utter, publish, or sell, or attempt to pass, utter,
publish, or sell, any note, token, device, scrip, bond, or
otlici evidence of debt of the so-called confedeiute States,
oi any of them, issued since the 1st day of January, 1861,
he or they shall be deemed or adjudged guilty of felony, an'd
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding $5,000 and by imprisonment and confinement at
hard labor not exceeding ten yeais, according to the aggra-
vation of the offense.
Mr. SUMNER. I trust my colleague will not
press that amendment on this resolution, which is
only a concurrent resolution of the Senate.
Mr, WILSON. I thought it was a joint res-
olution, and therefore I desired to add this section
which is contained in a bill that 1 have introduced
here; but if it is only a resolution of the Senate
I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I thought the hour of meet-
ing this evening was half past seven o'clock, and
1 did not get in m time to hear the resolution read.
I ask therefore that it be read again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not know what is
the practice of the Senate or the House on a ques-
tion of this kind; but judging from the reports of
the proceedings of the two Houses, I take it it
would be this: that no action of either body has
ever been founded upon mere rumor, without
some authentic souice affording the basis for
that fiction. This resolution says that whereas
certain persons have reported so and so. is it
proper for the Senate of the United States, in a
solemn resolution of the body, to take notice of
some rumor upon the street, something that some-
body has said on some occasion, there being no
evidence before the body that any person in the
world eter said it? Who is it, assuming to speak
in behalf of the Congress of the United States and
of the Government of the United States, that has
put this report in circulation ? I have never heard
of it before. Who else has heard of it before?
Where does it Come from ? To what and to whom
does it owe its paternity ? If it be true, as I have
suggested, that before a solemn resolution of either
branch of Congress be passed there must be some
substantial basis for it, where is the evidence upon
which this action now is sought to be founded?
Who is it that has put this report in circulation ?
I have no doubt my friend, the colleague of the
Senator that has offered it [Mr. Wilson] may
know who they are. He must be familiar with
all these things. If anybody has heard that re-
port I have no doubt he has heard it, and 1 have
no doubt having heard it he can give the authoriy
for such a rumor as that. I should like to hear
him give that authority.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the unfin-
ished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill which was under con-
sideration when it took a recess, being the bill (H.
R. No. 676) making appropriations for the navat
service for the year ending 30th June, 1866, the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] upon
which the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. NYE. At the time the recess was taken
I was replying to the assertion of the honorable
Senator from Delaware in regard to the suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus, and had cited a
well-known example of theexercise of the power
to suspend it. Another illustrious man exercised
that high prerogative, one whose Democracy even
the honorable Senator from Delaware will not
question. He found himself in New Orleans
much in the position^that some of our command-
ing generals have recently found themselves in
other localities. HeH/oun# there, at that early
day, a modern Democrat^ an editor of a paper,
who published articles criticising the conduct of
the commanding general 'when he was facing the
army of the enemy. He thought that the public
interests and the public safety required that both
the paper and the editor should be arrested; and
the historian has not recorded that there was any
process by which that editor was arrested save
the order, the mandate, of the commanding gen-
eral. The editor was arrested, and there was
then found by his side a judge of the modern
Democratic school, ever ready to use this great
writ of liberty when it is proposed to extricate
or release one of his own belief; and Jackson
thought that the public safety required that that
judge too should be arrested. He was a Demo-
crat with whom to think was to act, and he acted
rightly and promptly, and caused the arrest. Sir,
not exactly in this room, but in a room occupied
by this honorable body, many years after, 1 heard
the warmest, truest, highest eulogium passed
upovn the conduct of that brave man that ever fell
from the lips of Democracy or from its oppo-
nents. This great nation through its representa-
tives spoke approval of his conduct in language
not to be misunderstood. They remitted the
fine imposed upon the hero-patriot and soldier.
The glory that Jackson achieved there was only
eclipsed by the subsequent glory of putting down
the attempted rebellion of which modern Democ-
racy was the fathorand nullification the object.
Therefore, sir, 1 take it that the honorable Sen-
ator had forgotten these noble examples at the
time he made the assertion that the writ of habeas
corpus had never been suspended until this Ad-
luiniaUution came into powei. He had fojgotten
