1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the press that was charged with mischief and
malignity was stopped or " muzzled"by Andrew
Jackson. He seemed to pass over all this with
a view of getting at once to the alleged enormities
of this Administration.
Mr. President, I have no defense to make for
this Administration. It needs none at my hands.
It is seen, it is written, it is printed, it is im-
pressed upon every lineament of this country.
Its glory shall live when its traducers shall have
died. This Administration came into power at a
moment when rebellion was commencing itsmut-
terings, withoutan Army, with no Navy, or with
what little we had scattered all over this conti-
nent. As the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
has said, our Navy had to be gathered in from
the remotest parts of the seas. Sir, it seems to
me as though every Department of the Govern-
ment on this occasion's demand had spoken, as if
by magic, a power into existence that has been
ample for the necessities of the times, wonderful
in its creation, and yet more wonderful in its re-
sults.
Sir, this Administration has done more; and
that, 1 take it, is the real cause of complaint, as
well with the honorable Senator from Delaware
as with those who think and act with him. It
has produced a mighty moral and political revo-
lution. Out of the fury that rebellion raised has
issued glorious moral and political results. Sir,
I am not one of those who call these the evil days
of the history of ourcountry. Far greater calam-
ities may befall a nation than to be summoned to
the iields of strife. Better that the land should be
deluged with blood than that the spirit of liberty
should be lost. Far better that every house
should be draped in mourning than that repub-
lican freedom should be slain.
Sir, in the particular point about which I think
the Senator from Delaware feels aggrieved is writ-
ten thegreatglory of this Administration. It has
spoken freedom to four million human beings
that were'in bondage. It has knockcd the shackles
from off the limbs of that number of slaves, and
has given them freedom in their place. It has
abolished those hateful words " master" and
"slave," and they will be heard no more forever
upon this continent. That is glory enough for
one Administration, and reason enough, too, for
those to complain of it who seem to have been
chained a life-time to the car of slavery by links
the world could not sever.
Does the Senator from Delaware wish to bring
us back again into the cold embrace of modern
Democracy? Sir, what have been its fruits? Look
upon every battle-field from the Potomac to the
Gulf, and you see there in long mounds of new-
made graves the fruits of the teachings of modern
Democracy. Look at the long rows of your hos-
pital beds, and hear there a voice,which, if the
heart is not adamant, will speak in terms to at-
tract at least the attention of a modern Democrat.
Sir, I was willing to let this old Democratic
_ party die, and I was willing that it should die and
be buried without inquest. I believe it is a known
principle of law that where the cause of death is
positively known it is not necessary to call in a
coroner. The Democratic party died of a disease
of which the far-seeing or short-sighted might see
it would die sooner or later. It died of what the
eloquent Curran called "the doldrums"—a con-
fusion of the head arising from the corruption of
the heart. [Laughter.] The cause of death being
well known, no coroner was called. It needed no
verdict from a jury to advertise to the world the
cause of the death of the Democratic party.
But, sir, I am frank to confcss that the two
Democratic Presidents who had suspended the
privilege of the writ of habeas carpus in former
limes differed materially from the character of
Democrats in these days. They were Union men;
they believed in upholding the pillars of our in-
stitutions, while modern Democracy seems to
have taught the doctrine that our duty is to tear
them down. This is the difference. The Pres-
ident, in times of revolution that have past, would
have been held up to the scorn and derision of
present and future generations if he had failed to
do otherwise than suspend this writ.
Will the honorable Senator from Delaware tell
you, sir, and this body, the exact condition in
which the Democracy left the administration and
the affairs of this Government? At the time the
people rose in their majesty and wrested the scep-
ter of power from the D&mocratic party the very
atmosphere by which we were surrounded was
thick with the fragments of dissolving empire. I
haveenvied modern Democracy only in one thing,
and that is, the perfect composure they exhibit
while the evidences of portentous mischief to the
country are all around (hem. They seem to fold
their hands in'meek submission to the grossest
insults to which our country has been subjected.
I know that it is not in the honorable Senator's
heart to do this; but he is much in the position
that many Democrats have been before. Pie
lacks the courage, not physical, but moral, to
break away from this corpse upon which he in-
vokes an inquest. In olden times, as I have read,
they had a strange punishment for the higher or-
der of offenses. They chained the offender to a>
corpse, and made him drag it around till decay
did its work and the body disappeared. I hope
the honorable Senator from Delaware will soon
cut the cord by which he is bound to that dead
body, and let modern Democracy go where the
verdict of the world has declared it ought to go,
into utter oblivion.
Who would take us back again into the embrace
of the last Democratic President, whose longer
embrace would have been death ? Where are
now to be found the time-honored Democrats of
whom the Senator speaks? Where is the presi-
dent of the confederate States ? Go ask him to-
night what his politics are, and he will tell you
he is a Democrat of the purest character. Go
ask Toombs, and Hunter, and Mason, and Slidell,
and Wigfall what their politics are, and tliey will
chant you anthems to the glory of Democracy.
Their Democracy has found its true status; it is
arrayed with bloody steel against the glory and
the integrity of this country. Thank God! there
are thousands less of these Democrats now than
there were when this rebellion broke out. Many
of them have met their just deserts, and unless
they speedily repent and submit themselves to
the justice, the mercy, and the laws of their coun-
try, their numbers will be so diminished as not
to cause any apprehension in regard to their fu-
ture.
I find fault with modern Democrats for this:
they seem to be willing and anxious to punish
all crimes except the crime of treason. When
one Department of our Government is arraigned
before this body by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, the face of my distinguished
friend from Delaware glows with unusual bright-,
ness, and he is anxious to join the honorable Sena-
tor from New Hampshire to punish frauds. O,
the horror and the wickedness of these frauds!
But the modern Democrats are not willing that
the highest crime known to our law, treason,
should be punished. Not a day passes by, not
a paper that represents them do we read, but that
is crying out for peace, honorable terms of peace,
no terms that will look to subjugation, none that
could mortify the pride of their brother Demo-
crats; and now, when this great nation that has
walked upright amid the scenes through which
we have passed, which when the last star of hope
grew pale, redoubled its courage, has beaten them
upon every field, these modern Democrats want
honorable peace and no penalties for treason in-
flicted ! The law declares that if a mart Is guilty
of larceny he shall be punished; if he is guilty
of murder he shall be hanged; and the Constitu-
tion and the laws both declare that the penalty
for treason is death; and yet there is n,ot a modern
Democrat that I have heard speak that does not
want that penalty to be unenforced against those
whose hands are red with the patriot blood of
their fellow-countrymen.
Sir, I should not have occupied the attention of
the Senate one moment on this question had I not
come from a State just born into our glorious
Union; a State the youngest m the sisterhood of
States; a mountain State; and I rejoice that she
proves the truth of the old saying that liberty is
a mountain nymph. In our constitution we have
put the negative upon all these modern Demo-
cratic pretensions of the rights of States when
arrayed against the majesty of the Government.
It is a State rich in mineral productions, but whoso
material wealth is poor when compared with the
undying loyalty of her people. That new State,
although the marks of her swaddling-clothes are
yet around her, would rise up and condemn me
should I sit here and listen to the invitations woo-
ing us back into the embrace of this modern Dem-
ocratic party; and above all would she arraign
me before the bar of her judgment if I should
silently suffer the Administration, that we have
loved so well, to be defamed here in the house of
its friends, and the imputations of its challengers
listened to in silence.
I do not know but thatthereis something wrong
in the Navy Department. The Senator from Wis-
consin says there is not. The Senator from New
Hampshire, who seems to have a special mission
to perform with that Navy Department—for what
reason I do not know—says there is. Sir, it would
be strange, indeed, if there was not something
wrong in all the Departments of this Government,
hurried, as it was, from a quiet slumber of peace
to the creation and command of the mightiest
armies and navies of the world, which had to have
their growth as rapid as the growth of the gourd
in the night. It would be passing strange if there
was not some corruption in these Departments.
I have never believed that it made much differ-
ence with the purity of men to what particular
party they belonged, or to what particular reli-
gious denomination. Men are but men; and some-
times they fall victims to their cupidity. I could
cite many such instances in the Democratic period
to my friend from Delaware that he would well
remember; but yet the Democratic party did nqt
make much noise about them. Unlike my friend,
the Senator from New Hampshire, they never
told of them, if they knew of them; they kept th£
knowledge of them in their own breasts.
Mr. Fox may be wrong. If he is, putanother
man in his place. My friend from New Hamp-
shire says that he has no doubt the Secretary
of the Navy himself is an honest man. No one
ever doubted that. In this connection the Sena-
tor from Delaware will pardon me if I remind
him that the Secretary voted the Democratic ticket
while the Senator's cheek was yet covered with
the dew of youth, and learned, I grant, to be hon-
est in the olden times of genuine Democracy,
when the party as a whole were honest. Sir,
when the history of these times shall be written
it will sland out in bold relief, and form one of its
brightest pages, that with the incalculable expend-
iture we have been called upon to make, very little
of it has adhered to the palms of those who were
charged with the duty of its disbursement.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
these iron-clads are failures. Sir, at least one of
them was not a failure. If all the others should
sink and find their harbor, as he suggests, in the
bottom of the sea, that first-born Monitor has writ-
ten a history of glory for this country that will
neverdie. It defeated with a single shot the mon-
ster creation of the rebellion, and drove her back
crippled and wounded to her hiding-place, from
which she never again emerged, but found her
destiny deep buried in the fathomless ocean sands.
If the rest are all failures that is enough. But,
sir, they are not failures; there is much less of
failure about them than might reasonably have
been expected in these wonderful naval creations
—creations that to-day make old England sing in
a whisper she is the mistress of the seas; a Navy
that keeps the imperial ruler of France from send-
ing his army and navy to find harbors and gold
and silver upon our westein shores.
I thought it unwise in the Senator from New
Hampshire to advertise these iron-clads as fail-
ures; butafLerall I do not know thatit was. Let
those who desire to invade our rights try it, and
these much-abused vessels will not only vindicate
themselves, but put to fliglU the invader. This
Navy that was created so magically attracts the
attention of the whole world; and while Great
Britain and France havs been anxious to write on
parchment the acknowledgment of the independ-
ence of the southern democratic confederacy they
saw the fifteen-inch muzzles of our iron-clads,
well loaded, and hesitated; and our Navy made
them hesitate.
I hope, Mr. President, that  11 the appropria-
tions that are needed to perfect this Navy will be
freely voted by this body. 1 desire to see it of
sufficient magnitude to be a standing advertisement
to tile world that we are not only £ble to put down
rebellion at home, but are able to sesist invasion
from without.
Sir, it is too late in the day U- talk of economiz-
ing. This modern Democratic party thatled us
up to the shambles have put it oat of our"power
