m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
it is desirable, and I individually think it is, that
the subject should pass over until we meet again
after the holidays. There is some uneasiness in
the public mind already because of wrongs which
we have suffered as it is supposed in consequence
of the failure to do its whole duty on the part of
the colonial authority in Canada. Whether that
is justifiable 01* not, lam not prepared to say; but
if we pass this resolution at this time terminating
this treaty, it might be considered as rather an
unfriendly act now—not that we have not a right
to do it under the tioaty. But I submit to my
friend from Massachusetts whether it would not
be better under all the circumstances to consider
it more maturely than it can be considered as I
suppose during the short period that the session
of to-day will continue.
{ have not the slightest objection, as I repeat, to
taking up the question, and as I said in commit-
tee I say again, whether notice shall be given or
not is a matter on which I am without a very
settled opinion. My impression was when the
treaty was entered into that it would be veiy ben-
eficial to the country, and for a long time it was
considered to operate advantageously to thccouri-
try. I know that Mr. Webster was of opinion
that it was a very advantageous arrangement.
Whether it has ceased to be advantageous now,
because of its intrinsic character, or whether 1:
has become so because of subsequent legislation
on the part of the colonial government, is a mat-
ter upon which 1 have no settled opinion.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. Webster died before the
treaty was made.
Mr. SOMiXKR. Several years before.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that perfectly
well; but he expressed his opinion about it long
before; he talked about it to me over and over,
i ought to have said that his statement was that
such an arrangement would be vei y advantage-
ous.
Mr. SUMMER. I would simply r< mark that
I was instructed by the committee to ask for im-
mediate action on this resolution, and there was
a reason lor it in tins circumstance: that it had
been long pending betoic both bianches of Con-
gress and before the eomnut'ee itself, and that
during ihe present seSMon the otlu r House has
already acted, and the lesolution reported by the
committee is in the nature of a substitute for
that of the House, and it was desirable that we
should complete ihe action on the matter before
the adjournment fot the holidays. I hope there
will be no question, but that we may proceed
with it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint lesolution (H. H. No. 5(j) author-
izing the Pre&iden t of the United duties to ^1 v to
the Government of Gteat Britain the notice re-
quired for the tei in i nation of t he reel pi ocity ueuly
of the 5th of Juno, A. D. ltfol
The amend men t repotted by the Committee on
Foieign Relations was to strike out toe oiejinal
preamble and resolution, in the following woid^:
WheftM-i under the treaty m.ide hv the Unised Stilt"-*
with Gteat Biu.in;, pincl.nn.iuon ot which w.e* mule !>v
the I'u'Mvlem. 01 i!a: Untied rU.ue*. on tie1 ! iih <>f £ept.i iti-
bet, 5m the putp'i;.) oi oxienu.ng i A e 1 p 1 < ► e«u ti.ide Ik-
tween the Buu.«h N01 III American colonic-* and *h" U.u'ed
Htate*-, neaiiv all ihe .allele-: whit h Canada h,i* to -ell ai
;.d 111111ed into die United State*. i'lee o{ dut\, wiide \
dutio ate now imposed upon man\ of iho-e aiiiele* which
the peenie ot* 'he United ms have to m !l, with ihe in-
tention of f xeludmg them horn the C:uia<han mat kei>; and
whci<M-> the Pi e-ident <>t llie United Sf.Ue*, in the fu.-t -,<• -
sum ol the Thurv-Si.\fh (\>'iui e*..-, caused to he .-uhiintled
to the fioti*-e o! UepioM'titanw*. an (/ttieiai rep'ht -•euanr
forth ttie ine<)u.ilil\ <uui jpjuMice <• u.- u,t  in our pie-em
inter enur-e with Can ui.i, Mibv.M-ue of the One intent o>
the tieaty, owuik to the -uib-equ'M! m u ot Ca i.id.s ;
and whereas bj the filth <ntiele 01 the tieaty pou'i-uai un-
made that it should 1 < mum in mkc 101 I en \ t aitiom tie-
date on which it *hnuld go inro opt Mtum. and nether uu\l
tiie evpnation 01 twelve moi'i'iMiitereuhei ol the high < mi-
tiactnar p.uti"*! should give imiiee to toe other ot it- \vi -n
to teumii.Ue the ->arn . oael, ol the !• i<*h con! 1 act"UI p t. lie-
being at iibcty to give -ue>i nol.ee to ihe orhet affile end
CA the -ait! tennot ten \ear-*, or at any time aitei u «iH-;
a.u! wiiei' as b\ a fenbri pioelam.Uion 1 — ten! l«t ihe Pres-
ident ot ii e United Seated. beating date the ldrh da\
M.ueii. it w.i* deeiao d that the *-aiu tie.ity >houid iro
into eifi et.aid ii' ob-ei \ ed ou the p 1.1 ot th 1 United -Uah1- ;
and v\ ie-i <-:k-  ? 1. d< - o d i.- tliar fre-e.ily 1 ehuio'i-. iinnl.l h'j
Ct>ritiiu:ad hei.veen the Un t 'ii State- ,'jd the Drid-J) ?.'oin
Ani'uem poH-inee- j ..a i "eat >
should lie Jm 11 lllen.lili.'ii (I!il;,u
pie- 1 eel pi oea!!)' L' i > 'Miei.d 'iid-'Ui
Tlaacfiae,
Re*oh'cJ h<t the St-vate and ilomeof Rcpraentutu <>s of
the United Slaits of Jhnci it i in Cou^/css asiC?nbied} Thai
1 iiin^ieed iat"iei)iir>t:
■ ■e i ;i|- !ji epoii p-inei-
!ar toiy io both patt.y.- :
1 he PreMdeni ot lise frtuted States bi\ and lie i>- hereby,
authorized : nd u qu ••t'al t'> stive to the Gov^rmn'Mit of the
United Kingdom of Great I")u?ain and [ie!and the nonce
required bythsfiUli nrne!^ of the k;ik! reciprocity treaty
of the 5th of June, A. D. U:j4, lot ihe termination of the
banie.
And in hen thereof to insert:
WiieiKts it is piovided ia tire reciprocity ferny con-
cluded at Washington, the ,>t(i ot June. 1854, between the
United States of the one part, and the United Kingdom ot
Gsmr Britain and Ireland of the other p.wt, th.it tiu< treaty
•' shall remain in force for ten yea>- from the date at which
it may come into operation, and fmthei until the expiration
ot twelve months after either of tiie high contracting par-
ties Sihall give nonee to the. other of its wedi to tei ruinate,
the same;" and wheieas it appears, by a proclamation of
the President of the United States, bearing date 16th
Maieh, 185/>, that tiro tn'aty c.unc into opeiation fin that
day ; and wheiea-j, fui thei, it is no longer for the inteie.-ts
of the United Stales to continue the same in force : Theie-
fore,
Jir^oJveJ 7,i/ ihe Srncitc and IIsuso of Rcpreceviativet of '
ihe Umtcd Sfules of *dweiica m Concre-.s awrnhted* That '
notice be given of the tei uenatron of the reciprocity treaty,
aceoidiuir to the provi^-on therein < ontam< d ioi the t; i niill-
ation of the Mine ; and the Pie-ad-eii of the United State4:
is iieiebv chained with the communication ot' such notice
to the GoveinmentOL the United Kingdom ot GieatCntam
and JioUnd.
The amendment was agreed to.
ivlr. SUMNER. I had originally intended, on
the consideration of this proposition, to review
the whole subject, and to exhibit at length the
history of the reeipiocity treaty, and the exist-
ing reasons for its termination. But after the
debate of a few days a^o, and considering the
apparent unanimity in the Senate, I have felt
unwilling; to occupy the time by any protracted
retnaiks. They uie not needed.
The people of tlie (Jmied States have been un-
easy undei the reciprocity ti eaty for several years;
1 may almost say from its date. There was a feel-
ing that it was more advantageous to Canada than
to the United States; that, in short, it was uni-
lateral. This feeling has of late i ipened into con-
viction. At the same time the cxig< ncies of the
pi esent war, requiring so taige an expenditure,
make it unuasonable for us to continue a treaty
by which the revenues of the country unquestion-
ably smth r. It is such consideiations as these
which have brought the pubhcmind to its present
position. The unarm* able feelings manifested
toward us by the people of Canada have bad lit-
tle influence on tin question, unless, perhaps, they
may ha\e conspired to cornpi 1 u^ to look at it in
the light of re.isrm rather than of'sentiment.
The question of the fUhes ics is included in this
treaty. Rut it is not doubted that before the term-
ination of the treaty some arrangement, either by
reciprocal legislation or by further negotiation,
can be made on this matter so far as it may be
needed.
The committee, after careful consideration at a
full meeting, was unanimous in its report. And
as the committee represents all parts of the coun-
ti y and all tenements ofthe Senate, I have thought
that perhaps there might be a similar unanimity
among Senators. Theiefoie I forbear all further
rem.uks, and ask for a vote.
Mr. FALIWI^LL. I wish to say one word in
refen nee to this subject. I regaul the matter of
the fishing interest as having very little to do with
it anyway, bur there ate many reasons which
mi^ht be adduced, ( thnik conclusive reasons,
why tins recipt ocity treai y should be tei mmated,
i only propose to allude to one nnson. Owing
to the condition of our country, it has been found
necessary to put very heavy taxes upon many
ai tides which are bioniiht from the provinces.
Take, tor example, the article of friction matches,
upon which, by our. internal revenue law, a duty
of v*l 44 a ^ross is imposed. The consump-
tion is very great, and the manufacture would
yield a very large revenue to the Government if
they were made at home; and heretofoie they
ha\e been hugely mannfactund m our country.
By the lecuuocity treaty, howeves, they can be
ouule m the provinces and Liougdu here duty
tree, and we cannot tax them. There are many
otherarticles m the same positron, if I am not mis-
taken,and the Govs rnment will suffer very much
by the continuance ofthe piesent state of things,
and the manufacturers of these at tides will be
driven Iroui the business. In fact, I am informed
that some manufacturers of matches and goods of
that description have actually broken up their es-
labiishmf :its in the States, and have moved into
the piovinces, and are there manufacturing and
sending them to the States for sale. I believe
there is no doubt about the opinion of the S-mato,
and therefore F do not regard it as neecseary to
enter into the discussion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint reso-
lution to be read a third time.
Mr. 1J ALE. Can this resolution be read a third
time to-day without unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can. It
has been read twice on a previous day. The third
reading is the only reading to-day.
Mr. 1IALE. 1 do not wish to complain of this
course, nor to ask for any delay. 1 believe that
this is an important step; it is a step that does not
accord with my judgment; but if the Senate think
it is of such importance that it should be passed
at once, I shall simply content myself with voting
against it.
"Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays
on its passage.
Mr. HALE. I want to express my views upon
it. i do not care about the Journal. 1 suppose
there are not many people who read the Journal.
This is the first time that I have ever known so
important a measure as this pressed through the
Senate under; these circumstances; but I do not
know that it is of any great consequence. I do
not know whether the rule of the Senate with ref-
erence to these matters is the same in regard to a
member just going out as one coming in, but I
am ready to submit to the practice, whatever itis.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows the fact
that I would not be gudty of discourtesy to him.
I feel embarrassed by his suggestion, but in the
responsibilities of public business which have been
cast upon me I think I ought to press this reso-
lution to a vote.
The joint resolution was read the third time.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of this resolution until the 6th day
of January.
Mr. DAVIS. I concurred in this resolution
being reported, and I expect to vote for its pas-
sage,but I think, m all courtesy, the Senator from
New Hampshire ought to have time to examine
the subject and to address the Senate upon it. I
hope th.tt the motion he makes will be allowed.
Mr. FOSTELl. Asamcmborof the Committee
on Foreign Relations I was in favor of this reso-
lution, and am in favor cA" its passage now; but
whether it passes to-day or the 6ih of January
can make no difference to the public interests, in
my belief. The Senator from New Hampshire
requests an opportunity to address the Senate on
the subject. I have never known such a request
denied under like circumstances, even where, as
it would seem, it sometimes made a very consid-
eiable diffetence to the public interests. To me
it seems apparent that it will make none now. I,
therefore, shall certainly vote to postpone it at
his request.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was surprised, after the
statement made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and the little experience I have had in the
Senate, to see an attempt to press this resolution
to a vote to-day. Like the Senator from Con-
necticut, 1 have n^ver known an instance whero
u measure of this character, regarded as important
m the country, has been brought to the notice of
the Senate, and on a member rising in his place
and stating before it was taken up that he wished
to exumiti" it, and that he asked but a reasonable
time to make his exam in at ion and address the Sen-
ate upon it, his application was refused. I shall
certainly vote to postpone the resolution until the
Senatoi from New Hampshire can have a reason-
able opportunity to address the Senate m refer-
ence to it. I would not vote to postpone it for
anv factious opposition; but where there is no
such spirit displayed, but a reasonable lequest,
as 1 conceive, and one that I never saw refused
in the Senate, I shall vote for the postponement.
Mr. FOOT, i arn in favor of the proposition
before the Senate, and I represent a people who (
think aie unanimously in favor of terminating
what they regaid as an unequal and one-sided
contract between this country and the provinces
of Great Butain. But, sir, as I understand it,
whether the joint resolution is passed to-day, or
a fortnight hence, or a month hencc, makes no
sort of ditference as to the period of time within
whicii this coutiact can be terminated; and as a
matter of courtesy to the Senator from New
