THE CiiMiliKSSItiNAI.
■ky4
aim'
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. MYES, WASHINGTON^,!). Q-:
AW
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1865.
' New 7'..;'
Hampshire I must vote in favor of the postpone-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. My recollection of the prog-
ress of this measure, ana the period at which the
request of the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire was made, was that it was made upon
the proposition to take up the resolution, and
then it was that 1 took the liberty to suggest that
it had better be taken up and then a determina-
tion arrived at as to whether a vote would be
asked to-day or not. I then understood that
the Senator, although with some little reluctance,
to some extent withdrew his desire for a post-
ponement; but before I had that understanding it
had occurred to my own mind to move its post-
ponement until the 5th of January, if he were in
earnest in his desire to discuss the question. If
he really does desire to discuss the question, of
course no Senator would press the resolution to
a vote, under the circumstances, against that re-
quest.
I say this not only for myself, but.I think for
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. I understood that to be the
temper of the Senator from New Hampshire. We
know that he is always ready to make a speech
without preparation; and while he felt it to be his
duty to mate a speech on the subject before it
should be determined and voted upon definitely,
! rather took it by the Senator's manner (which
is not difficult to be read, I think,) that he was
half willing to withdraw it and allow a vote to bp
had. i think that there is no conflicton the sim-
ple proposition of allowing the Senator time if he
desires it.
Mr. SUMNER. After the explanations that
have been made, I am entirely in the hands of my
friend from New Hampshire. I supposed that in
the remarks lie made on the question of taking up
the joint resolution he had substantially stated his
objection, and that he was not disposed to con-
tinue the discussion further. Had I supposed that
he desired a further opportunity then, I should
not have pressed to take up the proposition. Hay-
ing had it taken up, I naturally desired to press it
to a vote in obedience to the instructions that I
had received from the committee which I repre-
sent on this floor. But I have now said that the
whole question, so far as I am concerned at least,
is in the hands of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. If he desires its postponement that he may
have an opportunity to deliver his views upon it,
I hope there will be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution until the 6th of Jan-
uary next.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tlie Navy be directed to
communicate to the Seudte tlie leport of the board of vis-
itors of tlie Naval Academy for the present year.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
Mr. DIXON. A bill was passed by the House
of Representatives yesterday to amend the char-
ter of the Metropolitan Railroad Company of this
city, so as to extend the time for the completion
of their road between Seventeenth street and the
Capitol for ten days. The Committee on the
D'strict of Columbia, of the Senate, to whom that
bill was referred, have directed me to report it
back,and to ask for its consideration at the pres-
ent time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 622) to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, of the District of Columbia," approved
July 1, 1864. It proposes to amend section
seventeen of the act to incorporate the Metro-
politan Railroad Company, of the District of
Columbia, so as to extend tlie time for the com-
pletion of their railroad line, except the part be-
tween Seventeenth street and the Capitol, for one
year from the passage of this .act; but the line
frotft Seventeenth street and the Capitol is to be
completed, equipped, and running within ten
days from the passage of this act.
Mr. DIXON. I will state that the extension
for one year referred to in the bill for part of the
road from here to the navy-yard, is really but an
extension of three months, because the charter
of the company already allows them until the 1st
day of September next to complete that portion
of the road. As regards the other portion of the
road, I believe they are compelled to have it fin-
ished by this time, or at any rate by the 1st of
January, and they desire an extension of that
time. This bill as it comes to us from the House
of Representatives gives them but ten days to
finish this portion of the road. I move to strike
out "ten" and insert "thirty," so as to give
them thirty days within which to complete the
road from Seventeenth street to the Capitol.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Connecticut whether this concerns the
F street railroad or the Pennsylvania avenue
railroad ?
Mr. DIXON. The F street road. That por-
tion for which the time is extended is on F street.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to be informed by the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia if the friends of the road desire the
change to b'e made that he has suggested. 1
am very well aware that the change is going to
jeopard the passage of the bill in the House of
Representatives, where I understand there is no
quorum, or is likely to be none, and that the
charter will be forfeited by our amending the bill
and thus sending it back to the House. I think
the gentlemen who are interested in this project
were satisfied with the proposition as it came to
us from the House of Representatives, and my
mind is inclined to the opinion that we had better
allow it to go back to the House of Representa-
tives as they passed it, without amendment, and
let it become a law.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose the friends of the road
are in favor of this change. 1 have received a
note, which to be sure is not signed, but was
handed to me by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and represented by him to come from the
friends of the measure, in which they state that
the F street road cannot be completed in ten days
in the present unsettled condition of the weather.
The company ask that the bill be amended in the
Senate as follows: strike out " tendays"and in-
sert "thirty days" for the F street road; and
strikeout "one year" and insert "two years"
for the branches. That I have not done, because I
thought that as they have already three months
from September next, they mightask for an exten-
sion at any future time with regard to that. _ It is
very apparent, as is stated in this note, that in the
present condition of the weather it is very difficult
to work upon the road, and probably it will be im-
possible to finish it in ten days. It seemed to me,
therefore, and to the committee, that the exten-
sion of thirty days should be made.
Mr. CLARK. I think I can answer directly
the question proposed by the Senator from Iowa.
The friends of the road do desire this extension.
They will go on and complete the road at the ear-
liest possible moment, but they fear the weather
may be such that they may want more than ten
days, and may have to ask for more; and so, as
a matter of precaution, they ask for thirty days at
this time. , ,
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
REGENTS OU SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. iNo.
367) to repeal the provision of law requiring cer-
tain regents of the Smithsonian Institution to be
  ...
members of, the National; I i&ii,^te; ^,hj
read twice by its title
ioh flim
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 scarcely know to what
committee-it would be desirable.to refer' this Mi,
and unless somebody wishes it referred; I.shall
ask the Senate to act upon it at once-; I f t he Seal*
ate will indulge me for one moraent.in:makiRg iui ,
explanation of it, i think there will be.no,objec-
tion to it. • - '.
The act establishing the Smithsonian.Institu-
tion provided that two of the regents should be;
residents of the city of Washington and members'
of the National Institute in the city of .Washirjg*.
ton. The National Institute was an incorporated
association, and its charter has expired. ' It did
not meet with much success; it has been dis-
solved ; and there are now no members of the Na-
tional Institute. There is a vacancy in the boartl
of regents, occasioned by the death of General
Totten, which needs to be filled, but it cannot be
filled by the appointment of a resident of- Wash-
ington and a member of this Institute* as there
are no longer any members of this Institute. The,
object of this bill is to repeal that provision of the
law which requires that two regents should b,e,
members of the National Institute. Jj hopp _th.e
Senate will let the bill pass at once, as i,t is desira-
ble to fill that vacancy. _ ...
There being no objection, the Senate, as i$;
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to, consider
tUe bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that I un-
derstand the gentleman aright. Is it proposed to
repeal that part of the law which requires them
to'be inhabitants of Washington?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; not at all. I ask
the Secretary to read the bill again, so that the
Senator from Vermont may see that it does not
repeal that part of the law requiring them to be
residents of Washington.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
JBe it cnactcd, tyc., That so much of tlie "Act to'estab-
lish tlie Smithsonian Institute, for the increase arid ama-
sion of knowledge among men" as requires that two oftne
regent'? of said Institution shall be members of. the National
Institute in the city of Washington, be, and the same is.
hcicbyj tepealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
committee service.
Mr. DIXON. Having been appointed chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Columbia,
1 ask to be excused from service on the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, of which committee I have also the
honor of being chairman.
Th'e request was granted.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the 35th rule of the Senate as
relates to the appointment of tlie chairmen of committee's
be suspended as regai ds the appointment of the chairman
of the Committee to Audit and Control tUe Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, and that the said chairman be ap-
pointed by tlie President fro tempore of the Senate,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
moiirill.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 618) to amend the act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. John G. Nicolay, his Secretary,
announced that he had this day approved and
signed tlie bill (S. No. 358) to establish the grade
of vice admiral in the United States Navy.
FREEDOM TO SOLDIERS' FAMILIES.
Mr. WILSON. Senate joint resolution No. 82
was the special order for to-day at one o'clock,
