1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
cation of the duty and principle of peace. His
salutation upon everyhumble dwelling was "Peace
be with you;" his farewell on his departure thence
was "Peace I leave you." When Heaven's in-
spired prophet would foretell the coming of the
world's Redeemer, even Omniscience itself knew
no higher name to bestow than that of the " Prince
ofPeace." Hear Isaiah: " Untousachild isborn,
unto us a son is given, and thegovemment shall be
upon his shoulder; and his name shall be called
Wonderful, Counselor, The mighty God, The ev-
erlasting Father, The Prince of Peace." When
Israel's bard would tune his harp to noblest song,
he sings not of war or discord or strife, but he
sings the song of peace: " Behold how good and
how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in
unity." And oh ! ye assumers of modern wis-
dom, hear what the wisest of his race, Solomon,
said when speaking of the ways of wisdom: " Her
ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths
are peace." And when you talk of national great-
ness, glory, and renown, and of the great bless-
ings that are to come from a people at war, hear
what the I Am, the Jehovah, said to the chosen
people of Israel. What did He promise them?
The development of rich mines in mountain dis-
tricts, extended country, vast empire ? No; but
"Peace shall be within thy borders." And yet,
sir, what prophets foretold, what inspired poets
sang, what a world's Redeemer practiced and in-
culcated, and what the eternal God promises as
the greatest blessing to man, is evidence of dis-
loyalty!
Mr. President, instead of charging upon the
good, great, and glorious Democratic party, which
is in favor of peace, disloyalty and treason, let
those who so charge go and consult their own
voices, and review the action of their own party,
and join with me in the invocation against the
traitor—their owh principles and their own party
—that has brought this upon the country:
"Oh I for a tongue to curse the slave
Whose treason, like a deadly bljght,
Comes o'ei the counsels of the brave,
And blasts them m their hour of might."
- As yours did when we, the friends of peace,
were advising conciliation and compromise:
"May life's unblessed cup for him
lie dregged with treachery to the brim,
With hopes that but allure to fly,
With joys that vanish while he sips, ,
Like Dead-sea fruits, that tempt the eye,
But turn to ashes on his Hps.
His country's cuise,lus children's sham©,
Outcast of'virtue, peace, and fame,
May he at last, with lips of flame,
On the parched desert thirsting lie,
While lakes that shone in mockery nigh
Aie passing off untouched, untasted,
Like the once glonous hopes lie blasted.
And when fiorn earth his spirit flics.
Just Piophot! m the damned one dwell
Pull in the sight of Paiadise,
Beholding heaven and feeling hell."
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I would, if I
could, bring the Senate back to the consideration
of the subject immediately before it. 1 shall at-
tempt to do eo in the few remarks I have to sub-
mit this evening.
I shall not follow gentlemen in the wandering
debate that has characterized this occasion. I
shall discuss no party issues. I have no enco-
miums to pronounce upon and no denunciations to,
utter against the old Democratic and Whig parties,
for I am content that the dead should bury their
dead.
I shall say nothing of the alleged corruptions
in the Navy Department, for all these charges
have been triumphantly refuted by the Senator
from Wisconsin, who was a member of the select
committee of this body specially instructed to in-
vestigate them.
I have nothing to say of the attempted purchase
of a part of Seavey's Island for the use of the
Portsmouth navy-yard, for it is in the recollection
of most of the Senators here that all the remarks
that have been submitted to the Senate to-day
upon that subject have been annually replied to
by the distinguished gentleman now at the head of
the Treasury Department, very much to the sat-
isfaction of the Senate. 1 cannot help, however,
remarking in this connection that all the wrong
in that case, if there were any wrong, was done
by a rear admiral of the Navy, an officer of the
very class whom it is sought by the amendment
under consideration to make omnipotent on this
subject as well as upon every other connected
with naval affairs. Nor have I any reply to
make in relation to the contemplated purchase of
land for additions to the navy-yard at Charlesto wn,
except to state the significant fact that that pur-
chase also was recommended by the officers at-
tached to that yard—the same class of men, be it
remembered, who will be made 'Lords of the Ad-
miralty should the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio be adopted.
Mr. President, I suppose this question will be
decided—it certainly ought to be—without any
regard to personal considerations. We ought to
approach this question without being influenced
in the remotest degree by ou\ikes or our dislikes
of any individual now connected, o.rjAlSnas
hitherto been connected, or is\kels/t° be con"
nected, with the administration af'fhe Navy De-
partment. W-e.are not legislating in regard to any'
individual. There may be an objectionable.jgri'an
connected with tfte Navy as Assistant Sectary,
or as Secretary, as head of a bureau. Our
remedy in such a e^se is to get rid ojljffiat man,
and not by one swoop, upon an apprjjspriation bill,
attempt to overturn th,e entire navap&rganization.
I do not stand here fes-nightjfrthe defender or
as the advocate of any nta,n, $at to maintain what
I believe to be the public interest in connection
with the Navy Department. It is the public ser-
vice we are to promote, and not the interests of
any man orsetof men. I shall notseek to defend
or palliate any wrong, no matter by whom com-
mitted. I believe that this Department, as all
other Departments, has made mistakes, but the
true remedy for them is not the one set forth by
the Senator from Ohio; and entertaining the opin-
ions that 1 do on the subject, there is no alterna-
tive for me but to oppose as strenuously as 1 may
be able the amendment that he proposes.
I have no fault to find with the Senator from
Ohio for proposing this amendment. It is true
that wehaveaNaval Committee, of which I hap-
pen to be a member. It is true that it is the busi-
ness of that committee to examine into all the laws
in connection with naval affairs, to inform them-
selves of the operations of the naval organization,
to understand not only its written but its unwrit-
ten laws, to know what vessels have been built
or are being built, the character of their arma-
ment, the character of the machinery by which
they are to be propelled, their efficiency and speed,
and the character of the contracts under which
they are to be built. I think I can say that the
Committee on Naval Affairs have endeavored,as
far as their capacity and time would allow them,
to thusinform'themselves on all these points. It
is the duty also of this committee to inform them-
selves, and I think they have attempted to do it,
not only m regard to our own particular naval
organization, but in regard to the naval organiza-
tions of the different nations of the earth, anil if
in their opinion there be any advantages over ours
in any of those organizations to suggest them to
the Senate for adoption into our own. I think
the Committee of the Senate on Naval Affairs have
informed themselves in regard to each of the many
descriptions of vessels, some twenty-five or thirty,
that have been built by the Navy Department, and
that now constitute parts of our Navy.
Nor am I going to find fault with the Senator
because in obedience to an instruction which he
received from the Senate, as a member of the
committee on the conduct of the war, he examined
only one particular type of vessels that had been
built by the Department, and found some objec-
tions to that class. But I submit to the Senate
that it would hardly be wise for them in a time
like this, upon a supply bill, because there hap-
pened to be in the estimation of the committee
on the conduct of the war some objections to that
particular kind of vessels, to overturn the entire
Navy organization, when the Naval Committee,
who have examined into all the various descrip-
tions of vessels that have been built, and have been
able to survey the whole field,and haying done it
in obedience to the general instructions which
they have received from this body, have not
deemed it advisable to propose any such change.
Nor am I going to object that this amendment
was studiously kept secret—I will not say that;
but that it was not communicated to the Senate
or to the Naval Committee before it was offered.
It is possible that we might have taken a different
view of the subject if our attention had been
called to it earlier, if we fiad been permitted to
pass upon it and investigate it as an independ-
ent measure by itself; but coming to us as it
does, and informed as we are in regard to the gen-
eral operations of the Navy, knowing the success
that it is admitted on all hands has been achieved
by the Department in the construction of the va-
ried descriptions of vessels; knowing what has
been accomplished for the country and for, our
national reputation by the Navy during the last
four years under its present administration, we
have unhesitatingly come to the conclusion, as
the organ of this body in connection with naval
affairs, that this change ought not to be made, and
would prove to be most disastrous if made.
The whole argument upon which this amend-
ment is based proceeds upon one assumption,
and that is tlmt there have been mistakes made in
the construction of what are known as the light-
draught iroti-clads. Admit it. Is that a reason
for overturning the Navy Department? Is this
the first mistake that has been made? If the
committee on the conduct of the war had in-
quired of the Naval Committee, we could have
told them that a similar mistake was made in re-
gard to the second class of monitors that were
built, that same class of monitors which have been
doing such efficient service at Port Fisher, and of
which Admiral Porter speaks in such eulogistic
terms. Is it unknown to the committee on the
conduct of the war that at least one half of all
the old sailing vessels that have been built since
the establishment of the American Navy have
been modified and changed? Does not the Sen-
ator know as well as I do that within five years
the Pensacola was changed under our own eyes
at the navy-yard in Washington, and forty feet
added t,o her length? Was that a reason for
overturning the Navy Department? Does not
the Senator know—if he had informed himself he
might have known—that nearly all of the British
iron-clad vessels, such as the Warrior and Black
Prince, are now pronounced failures? _ Does any
man doubt it? I have the highest British author-
ity for saying it lying upon my desk to be read
if desired; and the Warrior is now being disman-
tled, being considered unfit to go to sea.
Did the Senator ever know that a peer of the
realm or any member of the House of Commons
rose in his place in the British Parliament and
gravely proposed to overturn the whole Admiralty
system of that empire upon a supply bill because
mistakes had been made in the construction of
their iron-clad vessels—vessels that have costmii-
lionsof pounds steiluig? What would bethought
of such a proceeding were it attempted ?
Admit the mistake to be as greatas it is charged
to be. Is this the only mistake that has been
made? Has no other Department blundered?
Have there been no mistakes in the Treasury, and
will you put that Department in commissionalso?
Has the War Department been entirely free from
blunders during the last four years, and if not,
will you overturn thatDepartment upon an amend-
ment to the Army appropriation bill?
But how great is this alleged mistake, where
did it originate, and how is it to be obviated by
the Senator's amendment? If I understood the
Senator correctly, he entirely exonerated the Sec-
retary and the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
from all blame in this matter.
Mr. WADE. Perhaps that statement is a little
too broad. I certainly did not accuse them of
any intentional wrong, but there were sins of
omission pet haps that will be found when we come
to report the evidence. The statement of the Sen-
ator is a little broader than the one I intended to
Mr'. GRIMES. I understood the Senator to
say so. Perhaps I misunderstood what he said.
Mr. WADE. 1 did not exactly mean that.
Mr! GRIMES. If I remember aright, the
charge of malfeasance, or misfeasance, or non-
feasance, whatever it was that the Senator brought,
was against the chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction principally, or perhaps against a board
of which he spoke, and of which the chief of the
Bureau of Consti action and the chief of the Bu-
reau of Engineering were members.
Mr. WADE, if the Senator will allow me, I
will state that I complained of a general loose-
ness and inattention to the business. Itdoesnot
seem to have been anybody's business to attend
particularly to the construction of these vessels.
They were passed from hand to hand, and fre-
