664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
quently the person engaged and charged with it,
Mr. Stimers, was sent on other duty, and so it
■would pass into other hands. There was a gen-
eral inattention; it was nobody's business really
to trace the matter through. That is what-1
charged. That was the principal complaint I
made.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I did not misunder-
stand the Senator when he said that the charge
was based principally upon the testimony of Mr.
Stimers, which was given two or three uays be-
fore he made his speech here yesterday, and which
yet remains untranscribed in the notes of the re-
porter, and that Mr. Stimers said he had applied
to Mr. Lenthall, or Mr. Isherwood, or to a board
of which they were members, to compute the dis-
placement of those vessels, and that they refused
to do it.
Mr. WADE. They did not do it.
Mr. GRIMES. I was at once satisfied that
there was some mistake about that statement of
the Senator. I was satisfied thatthe Senator from
Ohio was misinformed, and that his criticisms
upon the chief of the Bureau of Construction
were unjust. It is a singular fact that the gentle-
men who advocated and opposed this amendment
in the House of Representatives united in one
thing, and I believe only in one thing, and that
was in the encomiums pronounced on the chief
of the Bureau of Construction; while the advo-
cates of the same measure in the Senate also unite
in one thing, and perhaps only in one thing, and
that is in their condemnations of the chief of the
Bureau of Construction. After I listened to the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio I had a con-
versation with him on the subject, and discovered
that I did not misunderstand the statements of
his speech in this regard. I then addressed a
note to the chief of the Bureau of Construction,
satisfied as i was that the Senator was wholly
mistaken,first as to Mr. Lenthall having had any
connection with the light-draught iron-clads, and
second, as to his being opposed to the construc-
tion ofiron vessels, for I think the Senator made
that charge also. I have a letter from the chief
of the bureau, written this morning, which i will
read* It is as follows:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Construction and Repair,
February 17,1865.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry of this date, I have respect-
fully to say that I was never a member of any board to
which the subject of the light-draught monitors was re-
ferred. f have no knowledge that any such board was ever
called; nor was f ever a-ked to calculate their displace-
ment, and therefore did not refuse to do so. To tins day I
have never seen any of the plans or specifications of these
vessels or of their machinery, except the general outline of
the hulls deposited in this bureau by Chief Engineer Sti-
mers at the tune the advertisement to contractoi s referring
them to Chief Engineer Stimers's office at New York was
issued inviting propositions trom bidders.
It is not true that I am now or that I ever have been op-
posed to the building of iron-clad vessels, or so intimated
to any one. But, on the contrary, I have strongly advo-
cated vessels of that class, i have views of my own as to
the adaptation of certain classes of these vessels for sea-
going purposes; hut I have never doubted the value or ne-
cessity of the monitor type tor the purposes of harbor de-
fense, and the un>ausfactory result of the li<rht-draught
monitors is altogether due to errors of detail made by Chief
Engineer Sinners,, and not to the general principle of these
vessels.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN LENTHALL, Chief of Bureau.
Hon. James W. Grimes, Chairman of Committee on Naval
■Affairs, United State? Senate,
Mr. Lenthall is one of the most competentand
one of the purest men, in my estimation, notwith-
standing what has been said by Senators on this
floor, that f have ever had the fortune to be ac-
quainted with—a gentlemanof whom an eminent
officer of the Navy, speaking of his merits, said
that if he had lived under any other Government
he would long since have been knighted for the
services he had rendered his country.
Now, I think, Mr. President, it will be admit-
ted even by the Senator himself, that the whole
substructure of his argument is removed. He
based his argument entirely upon the testimony
ot Stimers—Stimers, who made the mistake in the
eaiculation of displacement, and who was there-
fore directly interested in swearing, as he did
swear, according to the Senator's version of his
testimony, that the blame rested, not upon him-
self, but on some one else. He must fix it upon
sonje one, so a mythical board that never had
any existence, but which was said to be com-
posed in part of two persons toward whom he
does not entertain very friendly feelings, was se-
lected as the scape-goat to bear the burden of his
sins.
The Senator will remember that yesterday he
was not able to tell me who was the third member
of this apocryphal board of officers. He said that
Stimers stated that it was composed of Lenthall
and Isherwood, and some one else whuse name
he could not recollect, and who, it seems, is des-
tined to be unknown in history. I cannot secure
the testimony of this unknown man, but I have
the testimony of Mr. Isherwood on this subject,
which I will read:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Steam Engineering, Feb. 17,1865.
Sir : In reply to your note of inquiry concerning certain
facts in relation to the light-draught monitors, 1 have to say
that I never was a member of any board to consider or pass
on that subject, that no such board was ever, to my knowl-
edge, called, nor was my opinion on the subject ever asked
of me further than to estimate (after the designs had been
adopted) what speed a certain boiler-power would give a
certain immersed aimdships-section assumed at a draught
of six feet.
I never saw either the plans or specifications of these
vessels, or of their machinery; never gave any directions
in regard to them; and did not have in any way the slight-
est connection with their design or construction.
I have always heen strongly in favor 1 f building iron-
clad war steamers of the type and proportions which my
professional experience could approve.
Very lespectfullv, your obedient servant,
B. F. JSHERWOOD.
Hon. J. W. Grimes, United States Senator.
So much for the testimony of Stimers before
the committee on the conduct of the war, and the
mythical board of construction or computation
that has been so thoroughly denounced as old and
incapable. Can there be a lingering doubt in the
mind of any one as to the weight that should be
given to Stimers's testimony in this matter? If
such a board ever existed the record of its crea-
tion is in the Navy Department. Where is that
record? It has no existence.
Now, Mr. President, I repeat the inquiry, how
much of a mistake has been made, after all? I
think not a great one; I think that the Govern-
ment has not been greatly injured. If I am not
mistaken the Senator stated that these vessels had
been raised so as to give them a larger draught than
was at first intended, and, if I did not misconceive
what he stated, he said, in answer to a question
of a Senator on the other side of him, that they
were raised with wood. Am I right?
Mr. WADE. I said they were continued up
twenty-two inches.
Mr. GRIMES. Of wood?
Mr. WADE. Yes; of wood andiron—iron-
clad as the rest of it was.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator'is mistaken in
regard to that. They are iron, and not wood, as
I understood the Senator yesterday.
Mr. WADE. Wood faced with iron.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken.
They are wholly of iron. Well, Mr. President,
how great are the mistakes "that have thus been
made? How much is the Government going to be
injured? On this subject I beg leave to read a letter
addressed to the Senator from Ohio himself by the
Secretary of the Navy, and which will doubtless
considerably enlighten the Senate on this subject.
Every Senator who has engaged in this discus-
sion has asserted his belief that the Secretary of
the Navy is a strictly honestman. He would not
seek to mislead us orthecountry. Whatarehis
opinions on this subject, founded upon research
and information far more thorough and extensive
than it was possible for the Senator from Ohio to
make? I will read:
Navy Department, January 16, 1865.
Sir : i have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 14th ultuno, inclosing a copy ot a resolution of
the Senate in the following words :
" Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be instructed to inquire what progress has been made in the
construction of the iron-clad gunboats contracted for in
the year 186*2—by whom the contract was made on the part
of the Government—who planned the modeh of the same,
and who is responsible therefor? Have anv of them been
finished ? [f so, what was the condition of'the vessel after
she was launched? Are the other vessels contracted for
to be built on a plan or model simiiar to the Chnno lateiv
launched at Boston ? and .ill information which may be hail
touching said gunboats."
I am requested in the letter transmitting a copv of the
resolution to "furnish the committee, as soon as conve-
nient, with such information upon tlieMibjeel-iiMtterof the
lesohition as may be m possesion of the Nvivy Denait- :
mem.51 -
I presume that a mistake has been made by the commit- j
tee fu by the Senate in their inquiry relative lo the " iron- i
clad gunboats contracted for in the vear 1«62." In the J
spring and summer of 186J contracts were made for twenty j
turreted vessels of the Monitor class. Not doubting that
the resolution of the Senate and the investigation" and m
quiries of the committee have reference to those contracts
and those vessels, my response will he made as if the res-
olution read 1863 instead of 18G2. The mistake of a year
m regaid to the execution of these contracts, provided they
are, as I siippo&e, those referred to, is important to the con-
tractors as well as to the Department, and should therefore
be corrected.
In answer to that part of the resolution which inquires
"by whom the contract was made on the part of the Gov-
ernment," I have to state it was by the Chief of the Bu.
reau of Construction under advertisement l&sued by this
Department, on the 10th of February, 1863. A reference
to the message of the President and accompanying docu-
ments of the first session of the present Congress may be
had for a list of bidders andaward of contracts under direc-
tion ofthi3 Department.
It is asked " who planned the models of the same, and
who is responsible therefor?"
The general idea of a light-draught iron-clad inside of a
raft of wood was furnished by Captain John Ericsson, of
New York, the distinguished inventor, at the request of
this Department. The details of the plan and the prepa-
ration of the working drawings were intrusted to Chief
Engineer A. C. Stimers, who was instructed by the Bureau
of Construction to consult with Captain Ericsson and take
directions from him.
It will be observed that this relates to all the
monitors.
Mr. WADE. The twenty light-draught moni-
tors ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, all of thera.
To that extent Chief Engineer Stimers is responsible.
" Have any of them been finished, if so, what was the
condition of the vessel after she was launched ?"
Noneofthelight-draught turreted vessels are quite fin-
ished. The Casco, converted into a boat for reconnoitermg
and torpedo purposes has recently made a passage from Bos-
ton to New York. Complaints were made by tluj officers of
discomforts, as complaints were formerly made of the brigs
and schooners of the Navy, so many of which, like the
Grampus, Somers, Porpoise, and Bainbridge, have gone to
sea and never been heard of.
The Secretary might have added the Levant
and several others.
The Chimo was the first of her class which was got into
the water,and led to the discovery that due allowance had
not been made for all the weights. She floated on an even
keel only about three inches above the water, instead of
fifteen, as was intended and expected. Several of the>ar e
class which have been since launched have varied consid-
erably from this, all of them being high out of the water,
notwithstanding ail were made from the same drawings,
showing that there have been variations in model or in the
weight of materials used in construction.
Before any of this class of vessels had been launched,
Rear Admiral Dahlgren and Acting Rear Admiral Lee had
strenuously urged the Department to send them some mon-
itors—hulls without turrets—to be used for the purpose of
reconnoissance and as torpedo-boats. Five of the light-
draughts most advanced were therefore ordered to be fin-
ished without the turrets. When relieved of this weight,
the necessity and expense of raising their sides and thereby
increasing their capacity was obviated. The other fifteen
were recommended to be enlarged by building them higher,
thus increasing their capacity about one hundred and thirty
tons, and rendering them consequently more efficient. Pre-
viously the same plan was adopted in constructing and com-
pleting the second batch of monitor vessels, which have
jud passed through the baptism of fire at Fort Fisher, and
have remained at anchor on that coast, exposed as it is in
the winter season ninety miles from a harbor, during the
most tenific gale of wind ever experienced, according to
the Wilmington papers, and performing, as Rear Admiral
Porter reports, to the admiration of everybody.
"Are the other vessels contracted lor to be built on a plan
or model similar to the Chimo, lately launched at Boston ;'5
I have already stated that twenty light-draught monitors
were contracted for in the spring and bummer of 1863. All
were designed upon the monitor plan which has been t-o
serviceable, but modifications and alterations were made
of five, omitting the turrets forspeciaJ purposes, bv special
requeot oi naval officers.
The resolution, in conclusion, calls for" all information
which may be had touching said gunboat*."
The necessity of light-draught iion-clads to opnate in
the bays, sounds, and rivers, a? well as for defensive pur-
poses, was forced upon the Depaitment at an eariv period
of the present struggle. Not only was the content in which
we were engaged peculiar, but the means and mea>ure- to
meet and suppress it, particularly those of the Navy, were
novel and without precedent. Mo-tof the lines oi Army
communication were by water, and the X.ivv was ex-
pected to protect them and render them secure. A brief
experience and a few engagements made it evident th.it
light-diaught, unprotected, wooden boat*, with magazines,
machinery, and boilers exposed, could be driven off by
field artillery behind earthworks.' Ligin-diaujihf iron-clads
became, therefore, an imperious' necessity, and the con-
victions of the Department, and of all indeed who cave the
subject intelligent consideration, were irre<Mibly in favor
of such vessel- ; but we were without model*, and the
wants of the eountiy were piecing. Neither ot tho mari-
time lowers ol Europe had built, or attempted to build,a
light-draught iron-clad.
^V'avy Department, In tlin emergency, wjh com-
pelled to feel its way. without experience or precedent in
any quarter to guide it. AppenN had been made in vain
to CongK.—* to provide a p.oper estann.-lwient ior the con-
struction of iron and armoted v*—<>!>. wh"U; pl.uw and
model* might have been dev« loped and matured w/'h
srudiul deliberation and skill. When the contracts for
the>-e ve^ej.- vvetr entered into,dU.ns were inadmissible.
Difficulties with foreign Powers seemed imminent, and in
