98
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 21,
but was temporarily laid aside to take up other
business. 1 move now to proceed to the consid-
eration of that joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 82) to en-
courage enlistments ant? to promote the efficiency
of the military forces of the United States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
That will leave the resolution of my colleague
the order of the day for to-morrow. There is im-
portant business which must be acted on to-day
in executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 21, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Chaining.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege.
I move to strike out such portion of the Journal
as refers to the resolution offered yesterday by
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Rol-
lins,] with reference to retaliation upon rebel
prisoners for the treatment of our prisoners in
their hands. I am placed in the predicament,
according to the report of the Globe, of having
acquiesced in the passage of the resolution. I was
cut off by the objection of the gentleman from
New Hampshire before I couid make the ob-
jection. My friend from New York [Mr. Pruyn]
also sought the floor to make objection, and 1
think if the House understood the tenor of the
resolution they would rrjoct jt ut once.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House?
Mr. COX. I move to correct the proceedings
of the House, under the rules,so as to strike out
all the proceedings with reference to the resolution
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Rollins.]
The SPEAKER. Doi.s the gentleman state
that the Journal is incorrectly made up by the
Journal clerk ?
Mr. COX. I am not talking on that question.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair decides that
the gentleman's motion is not in order.
Mr. COX. I move to expunge that resolution
from the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order that that motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The Chair will state to the gentleman
from Ohio that the 39th rule requires that every
written motion made in the House shall be msoi ted
on the Journal, and that the Speaker shall revise
and correct the Journal every morning before itis
read to the House. There is a question of priv-
ilege if the charge is made that the Speaker has
mutilated the Journal. That was decided in the
Thirty-FirstCongress to bea question of privilege.
If the gentleman wishes to expunge the resolution
he must wait until resolutions are in order. But
the Journal must state what occurred, and itis
not a question of privilege to move to strike out
what did occur.
Mr. COX. I call the attention of the Speaker
to that rule which says thattheHousc may judge
of whatare orare not its proceedings. I hope,in
the interestof humanity, that the House will look
at this resolution and reject it.
The SPEAKER. The rule just quoted does
pot apnlv to this point.
PRUYN. I hope thegentleman from Ohio
will permit me to make a statement on this point,
inasmuch as he has referred to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decidcs that this
is not a question of privilege. The Chair has no
objection to this conversational debate if the House
has none. But if the point is made by any mem-
ber debate must be arrested.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
the gentleman from Ohio did not object to the
resolution yesterday. I see so in the Globe.1
Mr. COX. That is it. I wish to correct that.
1 intended to have objected to that resolution, but
the Speaker was rather prompt, I think, upon me.
I have no complaint, however, to make of his
general good conduct, but I think that if the
House had heard the resolution of the gentleman
from New Hampshire read again, there would
have been a whole chorus of objections. I am
induced now to make this motion by gentlemen
upon both sides of the House.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House. The Chair must state that so far
from being over-prompt on the gentleman from
Ohio, the rule states that no resolution shall be
debated on the day on which it is presented, and
no debate was therefore allowable. The gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] asked the
unanimous consent of the House to offer a reso-
lution. The gentleman from Ohio rose and de-
bated it at some little length, giving his views in
regard to the proposition. The Chair was not
disposed to check him until the gentleman from
New Hampshire-rose and objected to debate. The
Chair then asked the gentleman from Ohio if he
objected or not, and the gentleman did not object,
and the Chair then put the question to the House.
Mr. PRUYN. I desired and asked for a sec-
ond reading of the resolution, because it was so
imperfectly heard by me at the distance that I sat
from the Chair that I did not understand its entire
pui [>oi t. The Speaker, of course, did not hear me
express the desire to have the resolution read a
second time. I certainly should have objected if
I had understood its character.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pruyn,] that probably the reason why the gen-
tleman was not recognized was because the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] was speaking, as he
was from the moment the resolution was intro-
duced by the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. PRUYN. I did not mean to impute to
the Chair any discourtesy; certainly not.
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
t. The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Eliot,
Kllley, and Noble managers on the part of the
House of the conference committee on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House (No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freed-
men's Affaiis.
DUTIES ON TOBACCO.
Mr. KASSON. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] has demanded the regular
order of business.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw it.
Mr. KASSON then, by unanimous consent,
intioduced a bill for an act to levy duties upon
tobacco and its manufactures; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
MUSTERING OF SUBSTITUTES.
Mr. COFFROTH asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Military Committee is hereby in-
structed to rcpotu by lull or otherwise, an additional sec-
tion to '-An act further to regulate and ptovido for the
cniolling and calling out the national ibices, and for other
pm posts," approved July 4, 1864, to allow any porcon or
persons drafted or subject to draft to rnu&tei into the ser-
vice of the United Slates substitutes at any place wheie a
mustering officer i? stationed, and such substitute shall be
credited to any town, township, ward of a city, preemet,
or election district of the congressional district in winch
the peison orpei&ons reside at the time said substitute is
accepted.
Mr. SCHENCK. That resolution instructs
the committee absolutely to report. I will object
to it unless it be modified so as to instruct the
committee to inquire into the propriety of re-
porting.
Mr. COFFROTH. I will modify it in that
sense.
The resolution was accordingly modified; and
there being no objection, it was read,considered,
and agreed to.
NAVAL EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting the report of the First Comptroller, show-
ing the appropriations and expenditures of that
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1864; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the re-
lief of Charles M. Pott, and an act to extend the
time allowed for the withdrawal of certain goods
therein named from public stores; when the
Speaker signed the same.
POST OFFICE EMPLOYES.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That theCominitteeon the Post Officeand Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pio-
lubiting by law all person? connected with the Post Office
Department, as postmasters or carriers of the mail, from
having any pecuniary or business interest in any express
office or express company for the transfer of express mat-
ter, and report tiieir conclusions to the House by bill or
otherwise.
LETTER-CARRIER SYSTEM.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved,ThatthcCommitteeon the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to considerthe expediency of repealing
so much of the existing postal Jaws as requires and pro-
vides for the free delivery of letters in cities and large
towns, and restoring the system of delivery which existed
previous to the enactment of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
CLAIMS OF NAVAL CONTRACTORS.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution au-
thorizing the appointment of a commission to
settle and adjust the claims of certain contractors
with the Navy Department.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
EXCHANGE OF NAVAL PRISONERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will withdraw that call.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
communicate to the House, if not inconsistent with the
public welfare, what measures, if any, have been taken to
exchange the officers and men belonging to the United
States Navy now held as prisoners by the rebels, and what
obstacles, if any, now exist to the exchange of *uch pus-
oners.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the resolution be amended by striking out
the word 11 requested " and inserting tho word
" directed."
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the resolution?
Mr. WILSON. I object, unless the change sug-
gested by the gentleman from Illinois be made.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I accept the
modification.
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was read, considered, and agreed to.
Mr. COX. What has become of the other res-
olution on the subject?
The SPEAKER. It has been laid over under
the rule.
Mr. COX. Is not this a resolution to the same
purport?
The SPEAKER. Itis.
Mr. COX. Well, I object, unless 
The SPEAKER. The "Chair thinks the objec-
tion is too late. The resolution has been intro-
duced and agreed to.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consen t, offered
the following resolution'; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the expediency of reducing or
suspending the importduiies upon printing paper; and that
they be, and are hereby, requested to report by bill or oth-
erwise at an early day.
REPRESENTATIVE EROM NEVADA.
Mr. HIGBY stated that Mr. Henry G. Wor-
thington, member-elect from the State of Ne-
