1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
vada, was presen t an d ready to take the oath of
office.
Mr, WORTHINGrTON presented himself, and
the prescribed oath was administered to him by
the Speaker.
"WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to amend an act for the
removal of the "Winnebago Indians, and for the
sale of their reservation in Minnesota, for their
benefit; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CALL OF COMMITTKES.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, called forthe
regular order of business; and the Speaker pro-
ceeded, as the first business in order, to call the
committees for reports, beginning with the Com-
mittee on Territories, where the call had pre-
viously been suspended.
The call of the committees was concluded, no
reports being presented.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
The SPEAKER, The next business in order
is the consideration of resolutions calling for in-
formation, and lying over under the rules. The
first in order is that presented on the 7th day of
December by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll.]
The Cleric read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby directed
to report to this House what obstacles, if any, now inter-
pose to prevent an early and full exchange of prisoners of
war now held by tlic rebels.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, when that resolu-
tion was presented,* moved to amend it by sub-
stituting a resolution which I subsequently offered
• and which was accepted by the gentleman who
offered this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that the motion to amend
was not in order at that time, when the resolu-
tion was lying over under the rules. The gen-
tleman from Ohio on the same day offered a reso-
lution relating to the same subject. He can now
offer that as an amendment.
Mr. COX. 1 will do so. I move to amend
this resolution by striking out all after the word
"resolved," and inserting in lieu of the words
stricken out the following:
Tliat, if not incompatible with the public interest, all
communications™ relerenceto the exchange of ptisoners,
not lieretoiorc published, be communicated to this House
by tlie Secretary of War.
My object in offering this amendment is, not
that we may have the suppositions or inferences
of the Secretary of War as to obstacles in refer-
ence to ail exchange of prisoners, but that we may
have all the facts and correspondence in his pos-
session relating to this matter.
As the House is aware, there is a long history
connected with this subject. Soon after the be-
ginning of the war we adopted, in the interest
of decepcy and humanity, a joint resolution rec-
ognizing a full, fair exchange of prisoners; and
a cartel was made for that purpose. I am not
now here to inquire what obstructions have been
supposed to impede this exchange. It has been
stated that difficulties have occurred on account
of the negro soldiers. Perhaps that is to some
extent true. There may be other reasons why
the rebels have not been prompt, or why our
Government has not been prompt, to exchange
prisoners. We ought to have all the correspond-
ence on this subject, and not merely the ideas of
the Secretary of War as to what may be an im-
pediment or obstruction to the making of ex-
changes.
In connection with this matter I desire to say
a word in reference to the resolution offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Rollins.] I presume that it is in order to
refer to that. 1 think that if that resolution had
been fully understood it would have been recog-
nized by gentlemen on both sides of the House as
revolting to a proper sense of humanity. "It pro-
vides for inflicting upon the rebel prisoners who
maybe m our hands the same horrible, inhuman,
barbarous treatment which has been inflicted upon
our soldiers held as prisoners by the rebels. It
is proposed, in other words, that we shall adopt,
to the fullest extent, the law of retaliation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it does not follow that, be-
cause the rebels have made brutes and fiends of
themselves, we are bound to do the same thing;
but this House should, I think, at once have sig-
nalized its abhorrence of such a resolution by ex-
punging it from the Journal.
There is a certain law of retaliation in war, I
know, but no man will stand up here and say,
after due reflection, that he would reduce these
prisoners thrown into our hands into the same
condition exhibited by these skeletons* these pic-
tures, these anatomies brought to our attention
and laid upon the desks of membersof Congress.
I know, Mr. Speaker, from «ien returned from
Andersonville, and other prisons in the South,
that there is good foundation for their terrible re-
ports in relation to the treatment of our prisoners,
and, as a man who has a heart,and as a man who
has brothers in our Army liable any moment to'be
treated in the most abhorrent way by the rebels,
I make my protest here against the passage of
that resolution, or to its being reported back from
the Committee on Military Affairs except for its
emphatic rejection. We on this side of the House
have no power to stop this war, and forthe next
four years it will likely go on, but we can miti-
gate its severity by introducing a humane code.
Mr. GARFIELD rose.
Mr. COX. I hope my friend will not raise the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to suggest to my
colleague that the resolution adopted yesterday is
only one of inquiry. It does not call for retali-
ation, but only asks the Committee on Military
Affairs to report as to the propriety or impropriety
of retaliation.
Mr. COX. I would not have the committee
consider so horrible and atrocious a proposition.
Mr. ROLL1NS, ofNew Hampshire. Will the
gentleman yield to mc?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I wish
to state to tiie House that when 1 submitted my
resolution, yesterday,the Speaker asked the gen-
tleman whether he objected to it, and lie distinctly
replied that lie did not. And no objection was
made to my resolution from that side of the House.
Mr. COX. That is true so far as the gentle-
man states it, but I intended in the further debate
to say that 1 would not object to it provided it
could bo debated; and if it had been debated I
know it would have been rejected by gentle-
men oil that side of the House. I was cut off by
the gentleman from further debate. Members
around mo do not hear distinctly all that is done.
I could not hear the gentleman's proposition when
it was first lead. Gentlemen on that side heard
it themseives, and supposed that we heard it.
My friend from New Yoik [Mr. Pruyn] could
not catch the purport of it. But it is before the
House, befoie the country,as having been passed
by the House at least as a subject of inquiry by
one of our committees, and 1 hope the House
will in some way give its stamp of disapproba-
tion to the resolution. It is laid down by all re-
spectable authorities that when revolution reaches
such a formidable height as this the laws of
humanity or the laws of moderation obtain as
between two belligerents; and there is no law of
humanity more sacrcd than that in reference to
the treatment of prisoners, and it does not follow,
because our prisoners are treated in the way rep-
resented, and no doubt truthfully represented, in
the preamble to the gentleman's lesolution, that
our Government should make itself the brute that
the gentleman charges upon the rebel authorities.
I do not believe that the President or the Secre-
tary of War would sanction any such proceed-
ing. I am sure that the distinguished chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs would not
do so. Indeed, I have heard that he disappro-
bates the resolution; and I hope, Mr. Speaker,
the House will m some emphatic way express
its opinion of it by rejecting it at once when it
comes before them.
We are at this time in need of all the informa-
tion in the hands of the War Department. There
has been a good deal of trouble about it. Why
were not these exchanges made? Is there any
portion of responsibility for these horrible atroci-
ties upon our Government because wc did not
exchange prisonersin time? I do not make that
charge, but I say that we want all the correspond-
ence on tbe subject, that such an imputation may
be refuted. Our prisoners want to know that the
Government has not been derelict in this matter.
I call the previous question if gentlemen do not
wish to discuss it.
. Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that I have
any objection to the amendment now offered by
the gentleman frota Ohio if >h'e prefers it Jo the-ort-
ginal, though I do not very well See what advant-
age will result to have this resolution adopted.
All this matter is, under our system, intrusted to
the Executive and the War Department. I do,
not precisely see what this House is.to do upon,
receiving the information. Is the information
asked for as a matter of curiosity, or is theresome
action to be taken upon it? > « '
Mr. COX. If the gentleman askis me I will
say that I would predicate some action upon it if
thie facts demanded it. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, as a humane man, would insiston
a fair exchange of prisoners, and would stir up
the War Department to that end if they have been
backward.
Mr. STEVENS. This resolution seefns to im-
ply, by its being offered, that the War Depart-
ment has been remiss. Now, sir, unless I have
some such suspicion, I do not know why I
should interfere with them. If I believed they
were derelict in their duty, if I thought they were
not doing all that, under the laws of war, and
the laws of humanity, they ought to do, I would
pass some censure upon them. But I have not
yet seen anything to induce me to believe that.
I understand the gentleman to condemn the
system of retaliation, and to find fault with the
resolution already passed from discussion, the
resolutionofthe gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Rollins,] because it looks to retaliation.
Now, sir, 1 do not agree to that doctrine at all.
Retaliation is one of the laws of war. It has been
exercised ever since wars existed, whether in bar-
barian or civilized countries; and it may be that
it will be absolutely necessary to retaliate upon
the enemy in order to compel them to be humane.
And although retaliation may sometimes operate
very severely upon innocent persons who may be
the subjects of it, it may become essential to prac-
tice it; but the Government which has caused the
necessity is the one responsible for it. If any Gov-
ernment executes any of our soldiers contrary to
the laws of war, is it not a matter of fair retalia-
tion to execute as many of their men, although
innocent; and is there any other way to check jt?
I know of none. To say, therefore, that retalia-
tion is not humane, is not in accordance with the
general sense of civilized warfare. Nor do 1 see
how it would be possible to keep a savage and
cruel enemy within the rates of Ifumanity unless
retaliation were allowed, and unless it were known
that it would be practiced.
As to the causes which have retarded the ex-
change of prisoners, I do not know whether there
is any one who is censurable. I do not know
that it is alleged. If there is, it would be well
enough to inquire into it; and if the gentleman
thinks there is anything not communicated to the
public upon that subject I should certainly have
no objection to ask for that correspondence. I
cannot at the present see precisely what good is
to come from it. The resolution of the gentleman
from New Hampshire has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs .to inquire into
the expediency of all these things, and it seems
to me that it will be properly met at the Depart-
ment. I therefore move to refer this resolution
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I suppose
that will answer the purpose of the gentleman.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope that course will
not be adopted, and I hope this resolution will be
passed. The gentleman from Pennsylvania says,
and says very properly, that unless this inquiry
is prompted by a vain curiosity the information
should be furnished to the House. There is one
fact I suppose well known to every gentleman upon
this floor, and that is that great discontent prevails
in relation to this exchange. A deep impression
has been produced upon the people of the country,
and these accounts of barbarities inflicted upon
Union prisoners by the South have filled the
country with horror. They are discontented with
the condition of affairs. They think it ought not
so to continue, and they believe it is not necessary
that it should continue. I am notprepared to say
that anybody is at fault; but I am prepared to say
that the people believe somebody is at fault, and
if nobody is at fault the War Department should
