1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'fy>
ability of vessels of that description passing from
port to port along our coast.
I was saying, Mr. President, that I think we
have the liest Navy in the world for our purposes.
What are our purposes? First, to protect our
own harbors;and if there are any vessels superior
to the monitors for that.purpose I confess I do not
know what they are. Such is not only the judg-
ment of naval men in this country, but of the com-
mercial marine and of foreign Powers, many of
which are at this momentengaged in constructing
them. Some have already been built, and many
more are being built by the Powers of continental
Europe; and some very similar, known as the
Captai n Cowper Coles's pattern, are being built by
Great Britain. Then we have the fastest sea-going
naval vessels in the world. I know that that has
been denied, but I have here the testimony to
prove it if it be doubted; testimony that cannot
be controverted.
All we want is the monitors to protect our har-
' bors, and then fast vessels to destroy the com-
merce of a hostile Power. It is utter folly for us
to undertake to build a navy with which we can
compete with France and England in immense
naval battles. That is not our policy., Our true
policy is to proteetourselves at home, and then to
sweep the commerce of our enemy from the sea;
and the system that has been pursued by the
Navy Department during the last four years in
building up the Navy we now have is calculated
to accomplish that purpose in a higher degree
than any other plan that could possibly be de-
vised.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. What is the reason that no action
has ever been taken under the law authorizing the
President to issue letters of marque so as to place
our volunteer marine on the seas to enable us to
maintain ourselves? I should like to understand
that, because the Senator speaks ex cathedra.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not speak ex cathedra.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Summer]
probably can answer thatquestion more satisfac-
torily than I can. I was in favor, as the Senator
from California will remember, of the passage of
the law authorizing the issue of letters of marque,
and the Senator from Massachusetts was opposed
to it, and as he has the conduct of foreign affairs
here, he can answer better than I can.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask him,
then, for I have been in great trouble to know,
the reason why letters of marque have not been
granted; for that would have swept the adversary
irom the seas.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not conceive that it is
necessary for me to pursue this subject any fur-
ther. I have otilya wor3 to say in regard to the
charge that was made to-day by the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire against the Navy Department,
that it had assumed extraordinary powers in the
creation of acting rear admirals. It will be re-
membered that when this war began, and until
1862, the highest officer in the American Navy was
a captain. When one of those captains was ap-
pointed to the command of a fleet or a squadron
he was called a flag-officer, and from that time and
ever afterward took the courtesy title of commo-
dore, there not then being any such rank as com-
modore. On the 21st of December, 1861, Con-
gress passed a law declaring—
" That the President of the United States shall have the
authority to select any officer from the grades of captain or
commander in the Navy, and assign him to the command
of a squadron with the lank and title of a ' flag-officer
and any officer thus assigned shall have the same autlioriiy
and receive the same obedience from the commanders of
ships in his squadron holding commissions ol an olderdate
than his that he would be entitled to receive were his com-
mission the oldest; and to receive, when so employed, the
pay to which lie would have been entitled if lie were on
the active list of the Navy."
After the passage of this law Congress passed
another act by which it authorized the creation
of the grade of rear admiral. In three or four
instances persons were detailed from the ranks
of captain or commander to command squadrons,
and as the title of acting rear admiral, after the
passage of the law creating the office of rear ad-
miral, corresponded with the title of flag officer
under the law of 1861, they were designated in
letters from the Department and in public docu-
ments by courtesy as "acting rear admirals,"
and that is the only way in which that assump-
tion of the Navy Department originated. The
rank was the same and the pay the same.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Senator a ques-
tion, whether they are not designated in the let-
ter he read from the Secretary of the Navy to the
Senator from Ohio as acting rear admirals ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. When they are thus appointed
do they not receive rear admiral's pay?
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that they do not
receive rear admiral's pay. They are called act-
ing rear admirals precisely as the Secretary three
years ago would have called the present Rear
Admiral Smith a commodore, he being then only
a captain.
Mr. HALE. I understand the fact to be con-
trary to that, and that they do receive the pay
and emoluments of a rear admiral while they are
in that command as acting rear admirals.
Mr. GRIMES. I have understood the reverse
of that. They receive the pay a flag officer draws,
whatever that may be.
Mr. HALE. 1 had it from the Secretary of
the Navy himself, for I asked him and he told
me it was so.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, at this time of
the night I do not propose to enter into an argu-
ment on this matter at large. Indeed 1 never sup-
posed that the amendment which I offered would
lead to so protracted a discussion.
The reason why I mentioned the failure of the
light-draught monitors was simply for the pur-
pose of showing that something was defective in
the organization of this Department in the matter
of ship-building or the construction of vessels.
Undoubtedly the committee on the conduct of the
war would not solemnly have been charged with
the duty of making these inquiries unless the
Senate had been pretty thoroughly impressed with
the idea that there was something wrong about
this matter. Most assuredly no member of that
committee ever sought this investigation. It was
furthest from my thoughts, furthest from my
wishes to be engaged in any such enterprise; but
when the Senate deliberately made it our duty to
make these inquiries I went cheerfully into it, and
we have labored pretty hard and endeavored to
understand all about it. We have not acted ex
parte, as the Senatorfrom Iowa supposes we have.
We examined all the high naval officers that
seemed to have a peculiar knowledge upon this
subject without the least inquiry what their bias
was or what their opinions were, or anything else
aboutthem. Ifthey stood in such relation to these
light-draught monitors, which were the subject-
matter of our inquiry, as to induce the committee
to believe that they had any particular knowledge
on the subject, we took their testimony, and we
have taken a great deal of it, and I expect m due
time a report will be made, and that evidence will
all be before the Senate, and I believe thatevidence
will throw a great deal of light on this subject.
That there is something wrong in the organiza-
tion of the Government that has led to such an
error as this does not need very much argument.
1 do not place it on the testimony of Mr.Stimeis,
or any other particular witness. Indeed, to show-
that these twenty monitors for which $10,000,000
were appropriated have proved an entire failure
for the original purpose for which they were de-
signed, I should not want any other testimony
than that furnished by the Department. They
tell you that they were of no value as they stood;
they have said so in one of their communications
to us. The whole appropriation which was made
for these monitors was expended on them before
it was pretended they would be of any value
whatever, because they could not carry their
armament and the necessary naval supplies and
coal. They have divested six of them of their
turrets; they have divested them of all the weight
they could with propriety for the purpose of using
them as they say as torpedo-boats, a thing never
thought of in their original construction. They
were to be light-draught monitors, not drawing
more than six and a half feet of water, for the
purpose of navigating our shallow harbors in the
South and ascending our rivers. That was the
contract, that was the design, and it has proved a
total failure, and out of the $10,000,000 that was
appropriated for that purpose you have not yet
got a scintilla of use. About two years have ex-
pired; the war, I hope, is near its end; and yet from
this great appropriation you have not so far re-
ceived any benefit whatever.
I have said that something was wrong in this
matter. I do not charge any moral delinquency
on anybody. I suppose the Navy Department
have done all they knew how to do under the cir-
cumstances. I can excuse them in a great meas-
ure because of the immense amount of business
they had on their hands- 1 Relieve their organi-
zation there has been entirely incompetent to.tfae
vast work that the Government enjoined on thejp
to do. What was Mr. Lenthall, that the Senator
from Iowa says in any other Government would
have been a lord or a noble for his merits, dqiag,
that he could not attend to this business? llgdid
not make any calculation as to the displacement;
the Senator says he had nothing to do with it.
Where was Mr. Isherwood, another man who it
seems ought to have had something to do with it?
He swears he had nothing to do with it. What
was he doing? What was he there for? What
were this naval bureau, if you please to call itsq,
doing? Were they building any ships?
Mr. Stimers says that before he could have time
to make the calculation of the displacement he was
sent on other business for the Government, and
had to leave it in its unfinished state, and to trust
to the young engineer of whom I spoke the other
day; and he says that he enjoined it upon the
board of construction, or the bureau, or whatever
it was, to make the calculation over Again; nqt
that he distrusted the young man, but hefeared that
there might be a mistake, and it was necessary
that it should be very particularly looked at.
Gentlemen say that these vessels will ultimately
be made good. I do notlinow but that they will.
I know that on that point there is the greatest
variety of opinion among men most competent
to judge. Is not Admiral Gregory a man that
ought to be avouched as a witness in such a case?
We have the testimony of the highest and the
best naval officers you have got, some of thgm
believing that they will never be good for any-
thing, others hoping that by expending- a vast
amount of additional money that has not yet been
appropriated by Congress, something may be
made out of them. In order to try the experi-
ment whether they will be good for anything or
not, you have to expend $90,000 on each of these
vessels to build them up, to say nothing of other
expenses. I suppose you will have to expend
full two million dollars more than you have al-
ready appropriated for no better purpose than to
try the experiment whether anything useful can
be made out of them.
Mr. COLLAMER. Have they not tried j&os
one? *
Mr. WADE. They try it on all, and in my
judgment that is very wrong. The building of
these light-draught monitors was in itself an ex-
periment. None of this class had ever been built
before. There had been a monitor built, but not
of the same class. It was considered as an ex-
periment, and yet they contracced for twenty a,t
once, all of the same model, and they have all
failed. There is not a good one among then);
there is not one that you can do anything with.
Two long years have passed and you have not
yet derived a single iota of benefit from thq ap-
propriation of the $10,000,000. Yet when wears
charged to inquire into this, and when we find
these vessels to be a failure, because we are anx-
ious that some remedy should be applied we are
treated as we have been. I do not blame the
Navy Department about it, but I say there never
was a nation that expended as much for naval pur-,
poses in the same time as we have done. Nay,
sir, we have incurred a debt in four years almost
as large as Great Britain has incurred in two hun-
dred years, and she has been at war nearly one
half that time.
I say, then, we must make some different ar-
rangement. Wewantadditionalhelp. Ifyouhave
no board of construction that can look to the ex-
penditure of §10,000,000, that will not make the
models of the ships, that will not look to them and
see whether they are right or wrong, and it is not.
shown that they are doing any other business, I
think it is time for us to interpose. What are
they there for? Why do you keep them there?,
Why do you take a young man like Stimers and.
send him off on this expedition to construct these
vessels alone, with nobody to help him, and yet.
send him on other business at the same time?
There is somelhnig wrung about it. You have
not help enough. You want a board there that-
can superintend these matters all th* time. You
