868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
want something like what this amendment pro-
poses. If you do not want the board to be com-
posed entirely of line officers, propose amend-
ments. I suppose they are asgood men to super-
intend this work as anybody else. The Senator
gays there are no engineers proposed by this
amendment to be on the board. That is very true.
1 have no objection, however,to substituting the
best engineer in the world forany one of the offi-
cers named in the amendment. The idea was
that these men are to preside over the Department
and look into all these matters, somewhat as we
now send an eminent officer in the Navy to super-
intend the building of a ship. Hp is no great ship-
builder, I suppose, but nevertheless he attends to
it, he superintends it, he sees that everything goes
on right. So this board is to superintend mat-
ters, not that its members are to be mechanics,
not that they are to wield the ax and the auger,
but they are to employ and consult the best men
and the best skill in the country. It is to bring
additional force into the heads of your Depart-
ment there toaid and assist in this business. That
is my object. I believe you have not got men
enough there; you have not got force enough at
the head to doaii this work. 1 do nor believe that
the Department which was organized for looking
after a Navy consisting of a few old wooden ships
js competent on that old arrangement to manage a
naval force so vastly increased as ours has been,
so that there is a hundred-fold more to do, and
which ought to be done upon new and improved
principles. I do not believe that the old arrange-
ment isaltogetheradequate to it. it is unreasona-
ble to suppose so, and the result of trying shows
that just what a man would "naturally have ex-
pected has turned out to be true: we have tried it
and it has failed.
J am not going into an argument about these
iron-clads. I brieve with the Senator from Iowa
that many of the monitors of the largest class will
be the most formidable ships in the world for har-
bor defense. I am inclined to think so, 1 think
it is the best model, because, though I am not an
engineer or a mechanic, I can see that it is the
best form; you can make your armor thicker,
stronger, more impenetrable with the same sur-
face in a monitor than you can in any other form
of vessel. That is the reason. The great ships
built in Europe and cased with iron have utterly
failed because of the enormous surface they have
undertaken to plate with armor; the heft is so
great that they go to the bottom; they will not
sail; they cannot do anything; the mark for the
shot of an opposing force is too great; but your
monitor, with a turret that is movable and with a
smaller compass, may have her armor three times
thicker and perfectly impenetrable and still be able
to float. That is the reason why ours are the best.
I believe with the Senator from Iowa that they
are among the most formidable ships in the
world.
i hope that Senator will bring his astute mind
with his usual zeal to inquire into the armor they
carry and the guns they carry to see that this best
of* all ships and stoutest of all ships shall be armed
with a gun that can be used without destruction
to your own men; for our investigations have
shown that some of these great guns are defi-
cient. You ought not to rest contented with the
best ships in the world armed with agun thatyou
cannot depend upon, I believe there isa gun now
known, and which may be brought into use, that
-will be as strong as the ship on board of which it
is placed; but you have not got it now, and you
■will find with all the vast expenditure you have laid
out on these great monitors, that unless you im-
prove their armament you have but half done your
work and left the most essential part undone.
The committee on the conduct of the war have
made a report on that subject which has been sent
to the Naval Committee, and 1 hope they will at-
tend to it and perfect the work.
I am not complaining of your monitors; I am
finding no fault generally with your Navy De-
partment; I do not intend to find fault with it. I
know the immense difficulties with which the De-
partment has had to grapple, Jt lias had the
shortest possible time in which to create the most
formidable navy in the world, and very well, in
my judgment, has it accomplished the result.
The Senator says that the committee on the
conduct of the war have taken ex parte evidence;
for what? My God,sir, I knowno party butmy
country in matters of this kind. Why should I
by this inquiry seek, as the Senator insinuates, j
to pick out an officer here and there for the pur-
pose of obtaining testimony to support some fa-
vorite theory? God forbid. I wisn to elicit the |
truth. I have no other interest in it, no other |
purpose to subserve, than to come at the truth
from the best lights that the Navy can furnish us.
Such we have got, and in due time you shall have
it before you. . .
Complaint is made because the deposition of
Mr. Stimcrs, an important witness before the
committee to show the inadequacy, I think, of the
organization of the Navy to accomplish all its
great purposes, is yet in the reporter's notes. We
cannot help that. Mr. Stimers was actively en-
gaged in the Navy; he has but just returned from
a distant scene of labor; he has been an active
man,and it has only been within a few days past
that we could get him as a witness before the
committee. I do not intend to go into the evi-
dence we have taken. I simply say thatit shows,
what stands confessed by the Navy Department
and by everybody else, that these light-draught
monitors area failure; certainly the original design
or purpose they were intended to execute is a con-
fessed failure by everybody. There is no con-
trariety of evidence upon that point. It is a mat-
ter of some little consequence to know whether
we have thrown away our $10,000,000 or not.
We certainly have not reaped any benefit from
that expenditure. 1 hope we shall yet. I hope
it will prove that those witnesses are correct who
think something can be made out of the vessels,
but still I say that I have the giavest doubts my-
self on that point. The original purpose is aban-
doned. 1 do not know of any one who has been
called to the stand who believes that you can as-
cend rivers with them, who believes they are ade-
quate for the purpose for which they were origin-
ally designed; but some hope they may be used
in some way for harbor defense, and some talk
of them as torpedo-boats, as I have already said.
But what kind of a torpedo-boat would a vessel
make that cannot go faster than three and a half
miles an hour and which cannot be trusted by
herself at that? for not one of these vessels has
ever gone on her own hook ten miles. When
one of them has been taken fiom harbor to harbor
she has been dragged there by a boat towing her
along. How would one of them approach a tor-
pedo under tow of a boat that certainly would be
ruined by the explosion ? The best nautical men
say that would be the consequence. These ves-
sels are not fast enough for that purpose; they
are too logy. That is an afterthought entirely.
As it could not be seen that they would be good
for anything else, it was thought that perhaps
they might be used for this purpose, and hence
the attempt to use them in this way after they
have failed for the purpose for which they were
designed. It was then thought that an attempt
might be made to use them as torpedo-boats,
hoping that something might be done with them
for that purpose. It has been found, however,
that that cannot be done, that they are not good
for that purpose, and that you have the best con-
structed torpedo-boat which can be built at one
fifth the cost of one of these vessels.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up the time
of the Senate in arguingthis question. I believe
that it was incumbent upon the committee to
whom this inquiry was referred, and who were
directed to make it, if they /ound anything that
they believed to be defective in the organization
of the Department, to propose a remedy, if they
could contrive one. That is my idea; and if the
Senate judge that the amendment that 1 have of-
fered is not the way to do it, let them help me to
perfect it. If they will not do it, we must let the
thing drop, and the result will be that you say that
an organization of the Navy Department and of
the board of construction, which sends out a young
man carelessly charged with other business at the
same time and leaves this great work to be done
in this careless manner, is the best you can do, I
want a board that will be adequate to the great
work that we have for them to accomplish, that
will be on hand there all the time, that will em-
ploy the best mechanical skill in the country in
the shape of engineers, ship-builders, and naval
arc hitects.
The Senator tells me that 1 am for putting the
Navy Department into commission, Why, sir,
the Navy Department is to be supenor over this
Board of Admiralty just as it is now, but it will
be a more peimaneiii organization; it will be mi
organization that I trust will Iry to do something
anil not, like the old one, turn away and do noth-
ing with these things. 1 ask you again what are
they there for? Mr. Leiuimll tells you he did not
do anything about it. Mr. Isherwood says he
would not or did not do anything about it, did
not even know anything of the kind was going
on. What were they about? They were not
constructing any of the rest of these monitors;
they were doing nothing that I know of. Why
did not this man, who the Senator says ought to
be a lord of the admiralty, raise a hand here?
Why did he not know that there was work for
him to do? Mr. Stimers was sent off to work
with Mr. Ericsson, and they got into a misunder-
standing, which resulted m a quarrel; but it Mr.
Stimers tells the truth, the Department knew all
about it all the time,and 1 think they were faulty
in not attending to the matter more assiduously
than they did. I know, however, that they had
a great many other cares on their minds. They
had everything to look to. They had a great
Navy on their shoulders and they wanted help.
They wanted such a board as I have proposed to
be their advisers, to look to the construction of
these vessels, and to employ skill to do it. I think
so, and consequently I have offered this amend-
ment. I believe it is a remedy for the defect. I
have no idea that if you had had such a board,
this fatal mistake could have been committed. I
believe that your money would have been ex-
pended so that these monitors would be serving
the country as they were designed to do to-day,
ascending our rivers,cutting off the action of the
guerrillas everywhere, and protecting our coast;
but as the Department had not the strength, the
power, the organization to do it, you have got
nothing of them, and in my judgment you never
will have anything.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President I am im-
pressed with the opinion that upon the commit-
tee on the conduct of the war there are three
skillful naval constructors, and if George Steers
was alive to-day he would not equal either one of
them. I am impressed with the opinion that
there are also three excellent engineers; that Erics-
son is not equal to one of them; and the remain-
ing member of the committee is a man of super-
abundant genius; knowing more than any one
else about the business of how first to invent,
and then to construct, and then to execute these
vessels that belong to the high seas. If wisdom
could culminate into an absolute and determinate
form, be resolved into a globe, and be put down
into the committee on fhe conduct of the war, it
should be done by all means.
We all know that in the start of these vessels
it was an experiment, an American experiment,
which has resulted in great success. The Sena-
tor from Ohio is wrong when he says that the
monitors have not been a success. There is the
Comanche that, under great difficulties, having
gone down into the sea on the coast of the Pa-
cific, now sails her waters, a great success, and a
safeguard to our coast.
Sir, we have done great things in the produc-
tion of our iron-clads, and they make us now the
most formidable Power upon the seas in the world.
We have sea-going vessels, arid we have coast-
defending vessels. A small monitor is not in-
tended for a far sea going vessel, and yet it is
able to go to sea, and to stand the sea as long as
it can carry coal. Our improvements upon our
first enterprise furnish usgreat ships that, as Por-
ter says, can go abroad and command the ports
of the world. This great triumph of American
skill has done more to exhibit our st rength, and
the power possessed by the American people in
comparison with any and all the other Govern-
ments of the woild, than any single thing we have
ever done.
I say this much as differing from the Senator
from Ohio; and then, as I do not propose to make
a speech, I wish to say a single word with regard
to his proposition, It'ourGovernment is builton
proper foundations, if our system has any value,
if our powers have been properly distiibuted, it
is not for us by legislation to usurp the power
belonging to another and an independent depait-
ment of the Government, 1 have been disposed
to say,and have said,that our rights heve some-
