104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
make their estimates of what should be the annual
expenditures of the Government, and those esti-
mates, we are informed, are sufficient to carry
on the Government for the fiscal year, and hith-
erto, with the exception perhaps of two hundred
and fifty or three hundred thousand dollars, the
estimates of the Secretaries have been sufficient.
• What I complain of in the gentleman from
Iowa, and thosff who are associated with him on
the Committee of Ways and Means, is that they
do not in preparing the annual appropriation bills
search the question and look into tiie expenditures
pf the Government, and, if they are not satisfied
with the estimates of the Secretaries, allow enough
in tile annual bills to maintain the Government
throughout the fiscal year without presenting to us
here at the end, or the middle, or the beginning
of the session of Congress, a deficiency bill, as
was the case last year, of one hundred and three
or one hundred and four million dollars, and
here a deficiency of §93,000,000.
A new custom has been introduced; we have
two appropriation bills now instead of one.
Hitherto the custom has been to have but one.
Either the.estimates of the Secretary of War and
the other Secretaries are all wrong and erroneous
or those of the Committee of Ways and Means
are, so that the Secretary of the Treasury cannot
know what are to be the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment when he looks at these estimates.
The modus operandi in the Treasury I take to
be this—indeed, I know it is: the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy place before
the Secretary of the Treasury, in .November or
December, then- estimates of what will be re-
quired for their Departments. The Secreiary of
the Treasury receives these estimates and sub-
mits them to Congress as the expenditures of the
Government for the fiscal year. The predeces-
sor of the honorable gentleman who is now Sec-
retary of the Treasury complained, and justly
complained, that lie knew nothing of what were
to be the expenditures of the War Department;
that the estimates came in sometimes iifthe regu-
lar form, but oftener in an irregular form; that
they came not through him, but often through
the Committee of Ways and Means, so that he
was obliged to carry on theGovernment and ask
for loans and issue paper money to carry on the
Government, while the Secretary of War was all
the time deceiving him; I mean it in no offen-
sive sense, but deceiving him as to the expendi-
tures necessary to be made. Under this mode of
doing business, the Secretary of the Treasury
can know nothing of what is called for. The Sec-
retary of War last year asked for an appropria-
tion of $108,000,000 for deficiencies , winch was
appropriated; and when these appropriations
came m through the deficiency bill, Mr. Chase
promptly and justly complained that the Secre-
tary of War had upset his whole system for ad-
ministering the fiscal Department of this Govern-
ment. Therefore { say that until the Secretaries
make their proper estimates, and until the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means give those estimates
proper and sufficient attention, it is impossible to
carry on the fiscal administration of this Govern-
ment without the appearance and reappearance
in Wall street of the Government demanding
loans, or without a call on the Treasury to flood
the country with more and more iiiedeemablc
paper money.
Mr. Chairman, there are other items in this bill
which illustrate, in insignificant detail—so insig-
nificant that I am almost ashamed to mention
them—the remarks which f have made or am
about to make. There are items for office furni-
tuie, for carpeting,for miscellaneous items m the
office of the Third Auditor, for the hire of carts, :
for the police of the Capitol, and for a thousand 1
other little things, which ought not to be in a de- '
Jiciency bill unless they have been already ex-
pended, and which, if expended, ought not to
have been expended bat by due sanction of law.
The Secretary of the Treasury has no right to
have a single carpet laid down in his building
without due authority of lav/. This is aGovern-
ment, or ss intended to be a Government, of law;
and all the power which this House has left, all
that it is likely to have left it, (and that not long,
unless it puts its foot down here,) is the holding
of the public purse through these appropriation j
bills. The House should insist that there shall j
be no expenditures whatsoever without appropri- !
ation by law. Neither the President of the United
States, the humblest officer within the walls of "the
Capitol, nor any officer anywhere, however high
or low may be his position, has a right, under our
theory of Government, to expend a single cent
of public money without due appropriation by
law. And yet here, in this deficiency bill, all
through it, are miscellaneous items unknowing
and unknown—appropriations for fuel, labor,
light, the extension of the Treasury building, in-
cidental expenses, compensation to clerks, build-
ing bridges, stationery, and blank-books—innu-
merable items. If they have been already ex-
pended, it has been without any appropriation by
law, and if not already expended, they have no
right whatever to be in a deficiency bill, but ought
to be in the regular appropriation bill.
Mr. Chairman, I know that I am wasting and
consuming the time of the House in trying to
arrest these wheels of expenditure, and in calling
the attention of the committee to these items. 1
feel, I know, that I am unnecessarily consuming
time; and I only do it in the faint hope that I may
awaken on the part of the majority a disposition
to analyze all the expenditures of the Government.
As a mere member of the Opposition, if I desired
to throw that party out of power 1 would rejoice
at appropriations such as are presented,and which
must in the end lead, if not better guarded, to the
bankruptcy of the Treasury. But as I wish to
maintain the honor and credit of the Government,
and as I am only foreconomy in the expenditure,
I feel it to be my duty to my country, even if I do
waste time in it, to try and awaken a spirit in the
other side of the House that will prompt the domi-
nant party to exercise that authority and super-
vision over appropriation bills which has always
hitherto been given them by members of the party
in power.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not very
well understand how a gentleman on this floor can
justify himself in occupying the time of the House,
and wasting the money of the country, when he
tells us on rising and on sitting down that he
knows he is doing a vain thing, and that he is just
expending time for nothing. If I thought that, sir,
1 would hold my tongue;unless,indeed, the elo-
quence of the gentleman from New York, which
has been so highly eulogized, and properly, all
over the western country, be a sufficient excuse
for him in making a dissertation without any
specific object, and which he knows can have no
effect.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from New
York has not moved to strike out a single item,
and has not discussed a single item. But he has
read a very wholesome lesson to all the members
on this side of the House butone (I do not know
who that is) because they do not sufficiently ob-
ject to items in these bills, and he has particular
objection to the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means for not scrutinizing them. Will the
gentleman tell us what the Committee of Ways
and Means have overlooked? Will he tell us in
what that committee have been derelict in their
duty in reporting these bills? i understand the
gentleman to say that the Departments are at fault
because they did notmake their annual estimates
large enough.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman puts to me
a question for the purpose of being answered, I
will answer him. In this bill I find the follow-
ing item, beginning at the sixteenth line:
For contingent expenses under the act of Atnpn-tG,1846,
foi the collection, safe-keepinc, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue, provided Unit no part ot said sum
siidli be expended for clerical services, ^50,000.
Now, I think that if the Committee of Ways
and Means had given the subject due attention,
they could have saved that item of §50,000, and
made the national banks, which are receivinglarge
favors from the Government,provide for all these
expenditures in connection with the transferand
disbursement of the public revenue. That is what
1 mean.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman means
that which means nothing; for the Committee of
Ways and Means could not pass a law upon that
subject. There is an existing lav/ of Congress
providing that these expenses shall be met m a
certain way;,and all that the Committee of Ways
and Means had to do was to report an appropri-
ation in accordance with the provision of the law.
It was not the province of the Committee of
Ways and Means to inquire whether that law
was wise or unwise.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 know that I do not interrupt
the gentleman, and therefore I will suggest to him
that the committee might simply have added a
proviso somewhat in this form: " Provided*, That
no further sum be appropriated from the Treas-
ury, but that all such collection and safe-keep-
ing, transfer, disbursement, &c., be through the
national banks."
Mr. STEVENS. If we had embraced in the
bill such a provision, my friend on my right, [Mr.
WASHBURNE,of Illinois,] or the gentleman across
the way, [Mr. Holman,] would have told us that
it was not within our province to report such a
provision, for it would alter an existing law.
Almost any member would raise that objection.
The gentleman, therefore, would have us do what
almost every member at all acquainted with the
rules of this House knows to be out of order, and
knows that we could not do. Now, sir, before a
teacher undertakes to instruct his pupils, he had
better learn his own lesson; he had better know
i ho w to work out the problem before he undertakes
1 to teach its solution to others. The Committee of
Ways and Means, therefore, could not have done,
in reference to these two items, what the gentle-
man censures us for not doing. It was not within
our power to do so if we had desired to do it.
But, sir, it is said that the Departments were
derelict in not making their annual estimates large
enough. Mr. Chairman, if they had over-esti-
mated, it would have very well become the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, had they known the
fact, to cut down the amounts; but who eves-
heard of the Committee of Waysand Means being
called upon to enlarge the estimates of appropri-
ations? Are we to be censured because last year,
when the estimates were sent in to us, we did not
say to the Departments, " These estimates ought
to be doubled?" that we did not say to the Was-
Department, "You ought to make your estimates
|92,000,000 more?" (for that is the deficiency in
that Department;) that we did not say to the print-
ing department, "You ought to have embraced
in your estimates two or three hundred thousand
dollars more ?" How would that have become the
Committee of Ways and Means? Andifwehad
assumed to propose appropriations in excess of
the departmental estimates, how long would the
gentleman from New York have kept his seat
before he would have lectured the Committee of
Ways and Means for exceeding in extravagance
even the extravagant Departments that had sub-
mitted those estimates? Sir, it seems to me that
the gentleman's lecture is absurd. In saying this
I do not mean any offense; but I think that it is
absurd for him to say to us, " You ought last
year to have made the appropriations greater,"
or to say to the Departments that they ought to
have made their estimates larger.
Now, sir, it is always better that there shoutd
be a deficiency bill than that there should be a
large surplus to be expended by the Departments.
We meet hers now within five month's after the
termination of the previous session. It was well
known that when Congress should meet not
half the time for which these appropriations were
made would have expired, and that if they should
prove insufficient there would be ample time to
supply the deficiency by a deficiency Dill.
Now, sir, there are always deficiency bills.
You can hardly refer to any period m the history
of our Government when there were not defi-
ciency bills. It is always better that there should
be a necessity for a deficiency bill than that there
should be voted upon genera! estimates a Ihi-ge
surplus to be placed at the disposal of the diffeienl
disbursing officers.
Now, sir, in regard to what is said about ihesa
large items. There is a large deficiency in the
War Department, I think of $9:2,000,000. When
the different heads of bureaus furnished the esti-
mates for the last annual estimate the Secretary
of War cut them down §400,000,000, and reported
the balance. We made appropriations for $"100,-
000,000 less than the heads of bureaus imported
to be necessary. It (urns out that the Seu<jiary
of War, without injury to anybody, for ihere
was time to make the appropriation, reported
$92,000,000 too little, and when you have made
that appropriation in this bill you will fall more
than three hundred million dollars under the esti-
mates made by the heads of the different bureaus
