1864.
THE CONGrRESSlQMAL GLOBE.
105
of the War Department for the last year. What
is there here that is wrong? If there be error any-
where it was in the heads of bureaus making their
estimates too high. It was wise to cut them down.
If they are too low we can remedy that difficulty.
How can the Secretary of War tell how-much
is necessary when he does not know how many
troops will be called into the field, when he does
not know how many guns will be lost, when he
does not know how many head of cattle will be
captured, when he does not know these and many
other things? To say that he could foresee them
is to indue him with omniscience. No one could
do it.
Now as to the deficiency in printing, which
is the next large deficiency. Since last year the
price of labor has increased less in that depart-
ment than in any other. I believe the increase
has been only twelve and a half per cent. But
the price of paper has increased sixty-six per
cent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to have the gentleman from Pennsylvania explain
to me his theory in reference to the increase in
the price of paper. I understand that we have
imposed a duty upon paper so high that none can
be imported, and that paper manufacturers have
combined to put the price of paper up to this
enormous extent, to a price utterly ruinous to the
newspaper interest, and which must eventually
destroy the local papers in the country unless
Congress shall by a joint resolution repeal that
duty.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree with the gentleman
from Illinois that a great deal of fault lies with
what I suppose—I do not know the fact—to be a
combination among the paper makers. The duty
was laid upon paper in hopes of getting some
revenue from it. It seems that instead of stimu-
lating that branch of industiy,as has been the
case with other branches, the reverse has been
the case.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to say to my col-
league that in a greatdegree it has stimulated that
branch of manufacture, and that at this time works
are operating and producing paper for newspapers
from wood by a process not known two years ago.
There is being erected at this time, to my knowl-
edge, one of the most extensive establishments in
the country to produce paper from pulp obtained
from wood, and now producing many tons a day
from imperfect works.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I should like to
inquire of my friend from Illinois [Mr. W^asii-
uurne] what evidence he has of a combination on ]
the part of paper manufacturers to advance the
price of paper. I think, unless he is prepared
with facts and statistics, he has no right to pre-
sent so serious a charge against any branch of in-
dustry. I have heard intimations, here and else-
where, that such was the case, but I have not yet
heaid any substantial facts which give evidence
of any such combination on the part of paper
manufacturers.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know how this sub-
ject has arisen at the present time, as 1 was called
out of the House; but I am prepared to say that
to my belief there is no branch of American in-
dustry, employing the same amount of capital
and labor, that is so unremunerative as the man-
ufacture of paper. A large number of paper
mills have been broken down during thepast four
oi five years. If gentlemen would turn their at-
tention to furnishing the manufacturers of paper
with the raw material at a less price than they can
now obtain it all this difficulty about the pi ice of
nrtnting paper would disappear. The factisthat
paper manufacturers are not deriving great profits
from the manufacture of paper. Oil the contrary,
a Urge portion of the power employed in making
paper in this country has broken down. I could
poult this House to establishmentafterestablish-
inent that has been broken down because the
business has been unremunerative during the last
year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire if they have not been broken down by these
combinations.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. No, sir. 1 have
no idea the gentleman from Illinois would will-
ingly make any misstatement whatever upon this
subject. I have no desire to keep up the price of
paper, but I have a desire that this House shall
not, by any lia^ty or unfair legislation, strike a
blow atastruggling branch of American industry
by destroying the means of producing this article,
and by making the burden upon the men employed
in making newspaper paper greater than it is now.
What will the newspaper interest of this country
depend upon if the mills are all broken up? Will
they depend upon supplies of paper brought across
the Atlantic ocean; and are the members of the
American Congress prepared in this time of war
to strike down a branch of American industry,
and to send this money which is now distributed
among oyr own fellow-citizens across the waters
to support the laborers of a foreign and perhaps
unfriendly Power?
The whole theory upon this subject is falla-
cious. It is all wrong. What we want isa greater
amount of raw material. No gentleman can say
that the employes of these factories receive an
unreasonable recompense for their labor without
the proprietors of those establishments receive an
improper or more than remunerative return. This
subject has attracted public attention a great deal
within the lastfew years. Letme illustrate for a
moment some of the difficulties which lie in the
way ofa complete supply of paper. Before the com-
mencement of this war, when cotton was obtain-
able at alow price, we had a large number of cotton
mills running, and they produced a large amount
of cotton-waste, and that was the material used for
making paper, and, next to rags, was the ve.ry
best material that could be obtained.
In addition to the raw material, we were deriv-
ing from the various States of the Union a large
quantity of domestic cotton and linen rags; but
the same cause which has wiped out altogether
the waste from cotton factories, so that there is no
raw material from that source for paper, has also
led the people of the country to practice unusual
economy in the use of their cotton clothing, and
they mend up and make it lastaslong as possible,
so that a very large portion of the supply of do-
mestic rags has also been taken away from the
paper manufacturers.
We are then producing less raw material than
we were before the war. We have a large num-
ber of men, formerly clothed more or less in eot-
ton, who are now clothed entirely in wool, and
they make no rags for the paper maker's use.
We are now dependent largely upon foreign
maikets for rags, and since the stringency came
upon the American manufacturer for his raw ma-
terial, every device has been resorted to to supply
the deficiency. The result is that great progress
has been made in working straw and wood,end 1
think there is now every prospect that within a
very short time—within a few years, and prob-
ably within a few months—there will be a very
considerable accession to the law material for
paper making fiom stiaw and from wood. But
if Congress is going to so legislate as to destroy
this bianch of American industry, there will be
no American capitalists, no American manufac-
turers, who will risk their capital and direct their
enterprise to this unpromising, and indeed ruin-
ous, branch of business.
J hope there will be no modification whatever of
the tariff on paper; and if there shall be any re-
duction of the tariff on imported paper, I hope
Congress will at least make a corresponding re-
duction in the internal duty imposed upon that
article. 1 believe that the true way to a reduction
of the price of paper, and an abundant supply, is
for Congress to turn its attention to the develop-
ment of this bianch of manufacture at home, and
particularly in the western country, where the
raw material is so much more abundant than it is
at the East. I have no interests in this question
which are subserved by a high duty on iorergn
paper, and I am entirely willing to give whatever
influence 1 have in the direction of securing to the
consumers of paper an abundant and cheap sup-
ply. And the way to do that is to protect the
interests of our own manufacturers at home.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In making
the inquiry I did of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means I had no idea of being
precipitated into a discussion of this paper ques-
tion; and I had no idea of waking up my friend
from Massachusetts, of whose politeness I have
been the recipient at Boston, in looking through
his magnificent paper warehouse in lhat beautiful
city. My idea was—and 1 think it is one which
has pervaded this House to a very considerable
extent—that tke price of paper had risen to such
an extent that it was impossible for. the country
to live under it, in consequence of the rmposrtioin
of the present tariff, which is prohibitory. That
leaves it to the domestic manufacturers, antl I
have understood from the best authorities that
there is a combination of paper makers who have
controlled tlwwhole matter and who have brought
up the price of-paper from twelve and fifteen cents
a pound to twenty-five and twenty-six cents per
pound. That there has been such* an advance in
price I presume the gentleman will not; 8eny.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to ask-my friend
a question if he will permit me. ^
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. If he will answer my question
satisfactorily with his own theory, perhaps we
shall get some light on this subject. If he knows
anything about the manufacturing of paper he
knows this, that it takes two pounds of rags to
make one pound of paper. He knows also that
the paper manufacturer is dependent upon the
foreign article, and he knows also that such is the
price of exchange that it now costs more than
twice as much to obtain a pound of the foreign
article that it did before the war. How can it
possibly be, then, that two pounds of rags, cost-
ing twice as much as they did before the war, can
be made into paper now and the paper cost less
than twice as much as it did before the war? You
must also put into the computation the fact that
there is a large amount of chemicals entering into
the manufacture of paper that are botight abroad
at the same double price, and more too,from the
necessity growing out of the cost of exchange.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bel-
ley] hit this matter precisely. Thediscovcry of
new materials here at home from which the man-
ufacture of paper is being successfully carried on
is a means whereby the price of paper wiH be
brought down here at home; but never can it be
manufactured at a less rate than double what it
could be manufactured for before the war so long
as you have to give two dollars foronefor all the
rags you bring into this country, and so long as
the circumstances alluded to by my colleague
[Mr- Rice] are such that we are dependent on
foreign tags for this manufacture. It cannot be
otherwise, unless my friend has genius enough to
explain how it can be done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair takes occasion
to state two things: first, that the interruptions
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
and other gentlemen are coming out of the hour
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens;] and further, the Chair will be compelled,
if it assumes a much wider range, to arrest the
whole of this debate upon the ground that in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
all debate on a special order must be confined
strictlyto themeasureunderconsideration. This
being an appropriation for the purchase of sta-
tionery, it is scarcely competent to go into the
question of the duty on paper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No ques-
tion of order of that kind has been raised.
The CHAIRMAN. No, but the Chair will
feel compelled lo raise that point of order from
the chair if the debate takes a much wider range.
The gentleman from Illinois will proceed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will fry to
keep within the rules.
In regard to the point made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,J in relation to
the enhanced price of the material from which
paper is manufactured, let me say this in reply:
before the war, the price of paper was eight and
nine cents a pound, and the enhanced price of the
material would have brought it up, say to fifieen
or sixteen cents a pound; but not being satisfied
with that, these paper monopolists and manufac-
turers have run it up to twenty-five and twenty-
seven cents per pound.
The gentleman from the Boston district [Mr.
Rick] spoke of the hardship and injury suffered
by the paper manufacturers, and their fuilure to
make money at the piesent puces. Xjet me tell
him some facts which I know of my own knowl-
edge. There is a paper-mill in the State of Illi-
nois, half of" which was proposed to be sold six
months ago for $15,000, and the party now asks
$75,000, and says that at that price it will pay an
interest of fortv per cent.
This question does not come before us here be-
cause this is an appropriation which we are bound
