872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
would be very hard upon rhis necessitous woman.
That is nil I have to say.
Mr. .WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
withdraw my "I'i'cuon.
The SPEAKER, Then the bill will have to
go to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HALE, if there is no objection I will
withdraw the report.
Wo objection was made, and the report was
withdrawn.
JOHN WELLS AND SONS.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of Messrs.
John Wells & Sons; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Quartermaster General, in set-
tling with Messrs. John Wells & Sons for re-
pairs to the steamer City of Albany, under their
contract of the 24fh of October, 1863, to remit the
penalty of $200 per day contained in said con-
tract, and to pay them for th< ir work under said
contract without any deduction on account of said
penalties.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask that the joint resolution be
considered now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will either explain the joint resolution
"tor have the report read.
Mr. HALE. Certainly; I will make a state-
ment to the House unless the gentleman wishes
to have the report read.
Mr.WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I wanttohave
the report read, i think thegentleman had better
let the joint resolution be referred to a Committee
of the Whole Hous>e,arul printed with the report.
Mr. HALE. I wiil state the particulars of the
case, and then the gentleman can do as he pleases.
These men were contractors for repairing the
machinery upon the steamboat City of Albany.
They were to receive $10,800, and the work was
to be done by the l(hh of January, 1864. In
default of its being done by that time they were
to pay $200 a day to the Government for every
day lost before the work was finished. They im-
mediately commenced work. But some of the
heavy machinery they were unable to make them-
selves, and for the construction of this they con-
tracted with one of the most extensive establish-
ments in New Yoik. In consequence of a strike in
that establishment the cylinders and other heavy
machinery could not be furnished within tiie
specified time. The contractors, however, pro-
ceeded with all possible diligence, and finished the
work as soon as it was possible for them to get
the machinery. The work was finished to the
entire satisfaction of the Government. Indeed,
the evidence shows that the work was better done
than the contract called for. Under these circum-
stances the contractors applied to the Quarter-
master General for a remission of the penalty.
He decided that he could not remit the penalty;
that relief must be sought from Congress.
The Committee of Claims, in considering the
case, were led to the conclusion that where a con-
tractor performs his part of the contract' faithfully
and honestly, and delay arises from circumstances
which he cannot possibly control, it is unreason-
able and unjust to insist upon the enforcement of
the penalty. The penalty in this case would
cover nearly the whole amount of the work. The
contractors are men of small means. The con-
tract amounted to about ten thousand dollars.
The work was honestly and faithfully performed,
and performed just as soon as it was possible for
them to do it. There was no delay or neglect on
their part; it is not alleged that there was any.
Under these circumstances, the Committee of
Claims, in accordance, as I understand, with the
request of the Quartermaster General, and his
opinion of the justice of the claim, recommend
that payment should be made according to the
terms of the contract, without deducting the
amount of the penalty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
vhe reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
to demand the reading of the report. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hale] is enti-
tled to the floor, and the report cannot be read
unless he yields for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. I am perfectly willing that the
*tiall be read
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that I am entitled to have it road at some time.
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
[Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,] is on the floor,
and the nailing of the report comes out of his
lime. At present, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to rhe floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Speaker decide that a member has not a right to
demand the readme; of any report or paper?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has consulted on
the point, and decides according to his own opin-
ion, and according to the opinion of others, better
parliamentarians than himself. When the House
is in Committee of the Whole on objection day,
a gentleman demands the reading of a report be-
cause he claims the right to object unless he hears
the report read, and the report is read to satisfy
his mind. But when a bill, public or private, is
before the House, the gentleman in possession of
the floor has a right to demand a vote on the ques-
tion.
Mr. A, MYERS. 1 desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Hale] a question. I understand him to
state that the contract has been substantially com-
plied with.
M r. HALE. Very faithfully and honestly com-
plied with,
Mr. A. MYERS. Has the Government sus-
tained any damage by the delay?
Mr. HALE. Notatall, sofaras I know. The
Government, according to the admission of its
own officers, has received an equivalent for the
full contract price. The work has been fully as
well done as it was contracted to be done. I call
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question and let the House hear the report
of the committee. 1 think ita mostextraordinary
thing if the House cannot be advised as to the
contents of a report on which they are called upon
to act.
Mr. HALE. I am perfectly willing that the
report shall be read if 1 do not thereby lose the
right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and the report
will be read as a part of his speech.
The report was read.
Mr. HALE. The report bears out all the
statements I made. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion and submit the case to the justice of the
House. If they think that the Govei nmentought
to exact this penalty under the circumstances
they will refuse to pass the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and readathird time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 63,
noes 8; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Washburne, of Illinois, and Hale.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 10.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMISTEAD T. M. FILLER.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution to refer the claim of
Armistead T. M. Filler to the Court of Claims,
winch was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will give some
reason for referring all these matters to the Court
of Claims. I have no idea that the House will
not sustain it, but I would like to have it upon
record why we are putting this jurisdiction upon
the Court of Claims, if this goes, every like case
will go to that court.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, it will be recol-
lected that at the last session we conferred upon
the Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General the power to settle all claims for property
destroyed by our Army where no vouchers were
given. They were allowed to examine the evi-
dence, and, if they were satisfied that the property
was taken from loyal citizens in the loyal States,
to settle the claims. This is one ofthe same kind
of chums, the only difference being that this man
lives m Loudoun county, Virginia. It has been
proved to the satisfaction of the committee that
this claimant is a loyal man. His case does not
come within the provisions of the general law,
and he has, therefore, to go to the Court of
Claims. It is the only place where this man can
have Ins claim adjusted.
Under the circumstances the committee thought
that this was a f.tii case to be icferred to the Court
of Claims. If this man lived in Maryland, he
would not have to ask for this resolution; but as
he lives upon the other side of the Potomac he hag
to ask for this legislation. I do not believe that
it is for this Government to refuse to this man an
opportunity to have his claim considered. The
Commissary General cannot consider it, the
Quartermaster General cannot consider it, and the
Courtof Claims cannot considerit. This legi^a-
tion is necessary for the reference of the claim to
the Courtof Claims. If it is right, they will pass
it; if not, they will reject it. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand this to be a
case that does not come within the provisions of
the general law passed by Congress, because this
man lives in one of the rebel States; and if it be
passed we will have a shoal of like claims. Re-
lief ought to be granted in Congress, and not in
the Court of Claims.
Mr. HALE. If we do not pass this resolution
this man will lose his property, and never get a
cent for it. I demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 44,
noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers,and appointed
Messrs. Schenck and Thomas.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois, moved that the
resolution be laid on the table, and demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 70, not voting 52; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ashley, Baxter, Blow,
Bouiwell, Brandegee, Ambrose VV. Clark, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes. Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,Eckley,Ehot,Fani!> worth. Gar-
field, Gooeh. Harding, Higb>, Hooper, Amabel VV. Hub-
bard John H. Hubbard, ImjersolJ, Julian, Kas-nn Orlando
Kellogg, Knox, Liltlejolni,Lo<in. Longyejir, McCluig, S«im-
ui;I F. Miller, Morrill, Darnel MoriN. Amos Myers, Norton,
Patterson, Pet ham, i'onieroy. John H. Rice, Schenck, Sco*
held. Shannon, Southern, Spalding, Starr, Thajer. Upson,
Elthu B. VVar-iiburne, William B. Washburn, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson. Woodbndge, and Wortlungton—60.
NAYS—Messrs. JamesC. Alien, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, John D Baldwin, Bliss, Brooinall, James
S. Biown, William G. Brown. Chattier, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, (Joffroth, Uiavens, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edger-
nn.Eldrulge, English, Finck, G rider, Grit wold, Hale. Har-
rington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. flurry, Herrick,
IJulburd. Hntchins, William Johnson, Kalhflei ch. Kernan,
King, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mallor), Marcy,
Marvin, McAllister, William H. Miller, Moorhead, James
It. Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Odell, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pruyn, Radford, William H Ran-
dall, Ro«?s, Smith, John li. Steele, William G. Steele,
Sweat, Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Wad worth, Webster,
Whaley,Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ames, An-
derson, Arnold, Beaman, Blame, Blair, Boyd, Brooks, Cox,
Creswell, Demhtg, Frank,Ganson Grinnell, Hall, Holrnan,
Hotchkbs, Jenekes, Philip Johnson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Lazear, MeBride, McDowell, Meindoe, MeKin-
ney, Middleton. Morrbon, Orth, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Price, Samuel j. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robiu-on,
Rogers,Edward H. Rollins, James S.Rollins,Scott, Sloan,
Stevens, Stiie«, Strouse, Stuart, Van Valkenburgh, Voor-
hecs, Ward, Chilton A. White, Windom, and Benjamin
Wood—52.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the table.
Durins: the call,
Mr. WILSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Grinnell, was still detained from the House on
account of sickness.
Mr. BAXTER staled that Mr. Orth was
detained m his room by sickness.
The result was then announced, as above
recorded.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
pending, on which no quorum voted. The morn-
ing hour 1ms expired.
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
Mr. L. MYERS obtained the floor, but yielded
