1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
lot
equal to that paid to other officers in various em-
ploy ments under the Government. It seems to me,
then, that this House ought not to favor its own
particular employes by increasing their salaries at
a time when economy is demanded.
I appeal to the House. Here is an appropria-
tion bill of §93,000,000 to supply a deficit for the
present fiscal year ending ihe 30th of June next.
It also contains a proposition to increase the sal-
aries of a large class of officers to the extent of
over thirty-seven thousand dollars. I do insist,
Mr. Chairman, that we are not sufficiently mind-
ful as a body, although we may be as members,
of the condition of the country in reference to that
most material feature, its finances. We have a
tremendous war upon us demanding the whole
resources of the country, and it does seem to me
that we should husband those resources,and that
there should, if possible, be retrenchment of ex-
travagantand unnecessary expensesin all depart-
ments of the public service. We ought not cer-
tainly to increase expenditures in departments
having no connection with the war whatever. So
far as the War and Navy Departments are con-
cerned,! have not raised my voice againstappro-
priations for them. What I condemn, and what
I protest against, is the enormous increase made
during the last four years in those departments
of the Government not at all affected by the rav-
ages and operations of war.
I now ask for the reading of the resolution which
was adopted on the 4th of July lastwhen scarcely
any members were present. There was no dis-
senting voice at the time, and I presume only a
few were aware of its passage.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk pay, at the close of this session,
out of the contingent fund of the House, to the officer*,
clerks, and other employes of the House, a sum equal to
twenty percent, of then annual compensation respectively;
or, where not receiving an annual compensation, on the
amount received by them during the session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. From the
reading of that resolution it will be perceived that
it differs from this clause in the bill in this, that
while the resolution provides for paying theclerks,
officers, and other employes of the House, the bill
provides also for paying the additional compen-
sation to the reporters of the House for the Con-
gressional Globe.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there is another resolution which embraced
them.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to hear that resolution read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk pay out of the contingent fund
to the reporter?, of the House i'or the Congtebsional Globe
an amount equal to twenty per cent, of their compensation
as such reporters, for the present session ot Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the others
go in I certainly shall not object to including the
reporters for the Globe; but I wish to call the
' attention of the House to the original resolution,
and to the section of the bill now under consider-
ation, and, to prevent the possibility of any other
payments being made, I ask the gentleman [Mr.
bTEYENs] to consent to an amendment of the
clause, by adding thereto the following:
But no payment shall be made under Un& provision to
any other persona than tho officers, clerks, and other em-
ployes of the House, and the repoiters for the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the appropriation
is intended to embrace none other than those enu-
merated in the two resolutions which have been
read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman object to my amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Does that amendment ex-
clude the Capitol police?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, simply because it does not amount to any-
thing at all. The same construction will be placed
upon the gentleman's amendment that is placed
upon the original proposition. The amendment
uses the words " other employes of the House;"
and that is the precise language of the appropria-
tion. The Capitol police on this side of the Cap-
itol have always been considered employes of the
House; and the Senate make appropriations of
extra compensation for the Capitol police em-
ployed at that end of the Capitol,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man certainly must be mistaken. I have never
heard that they were considered as being employes
of the House, or that they have received the ex-
tra compensation which has usually been voted
to the employes of the House. Yet I want this
amendment adopted, so that it will exclude them
from the benefit of the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Who, then, will be embraced
besides the officers, clerks, doorkeepers, and other
officers immediately connected with the House?
Who are meant by "employes?" Who are the
employes who are to be paid ? Probably the gen-
tleman from Illinois can tell.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion to strike out the appropriation was
not agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. For the purpose of calling the
attention of the committee to the amount of money
we are appropriating for furnishing the Treasury
Department, I move to amend by strikingout lines
sixty-sixand sixty-seven, as follows:
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous items for the
Treasury building, .$15,000.
If gentlemen will look-atlast year's deficiency
bill, they will see that they appropriated, for fur-
niture, carpets, and miscellaneous items for the
Treasury building, $25,000; and immediately be-
low, for furniture, repairs of furniture in the Treas-
ury Department, #5,000. There is $30,000. Then
they will find in the same bill an appropriation for
refunding to the appiopriation for the Treasury
extension the amount paid out of that appropria-
tion of §150,000 for similar purposes. So thatin
last year's deficiency bill we appropriated abso-
lutely $30,000, and so much of the $150,000 as
was used. And in the regular appropriation bill
for the year ending June 30.1865, we appropriated
for the same purpose $40,000; and now in this bill
we appropriate the amounts I have alluded to, the
$15,000, and in the clause before that,$16,911 53,
for refunding to the Treasury extension the
amount of payments made for furniture, and, on
the first page, $5,000 more for furniture, carpeting,
preserving files, and miscellaneous items in the
office of the Third Auditor; making in this bill
$36,911 53.
So it appears that at the last session and this
we appropriated for furnishing this building
$106,900 in addition to what was paid out of the
$150,000. It does seem to me, considering that
it was a building pretty well furnished before we
came into office, that the appropriation of last
session of over $70,000 specifically, in addition to
what was paid out of the $150,000, and that of
$36,900 now, is too much.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, all the mem-
bers of this House know that we have gone on
furnishing room after room in the Treasury build-
ing as fast as they were finished. The furniture
has been necessary in order to enable the clerks
to occupy the rooms. Since our meeting here
last year, many of these rooms have been com-
pleted, and of course new furniture has been ne-
cessary. 1 presume there has not been an article
bought that was not necessary to furnish some
of these new rooms so as to enable the clerks to
occupy them and go on with their business.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the bill by strik-
ing out the following clause:
For salary of the commissioner for codifying the naval
laws under joint resolution of March 3,1863, from July 1,
1864, to March 3,1865, $2,035.
I call the attention of the Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to that item. It con-
tains an appropriation for the salary of the com-
missioner for codifying the naval laws. "As I un-
derstood it, that commissioner made his report at
the last session of Congress and prior to the 1st
day of July last. What he has had to do since
I know not. There was nothing in the tenor of
his appointment or the duties with which he was
charged which should call upon us to pay him
any salary after he made his report.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I have seen
the commissioner and he tells me that he has been
busily engaged eversince the adjournmentof Con-
! gress in the revision of his report, and expects to
i be so engaged until the end of the fiscal year,
when he hopes to have itcompletod. He had but
partially finished it, and he states that the work
he has been doingsince was necessary tcynake it
perfect, and that he has been constantly engaged
upon it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Schenck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House £No. 620,) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1865,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House, with an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of theUnion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON GAS COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 363, for the pur-
pose of putting it upon its passage. It is a bill
for the relief of the Gas Company of the city of
Washington.
Mr. PIKE. I object^
AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the expediency of amending sec-
tion one lmndied and three of the internal revenue act,
so that canal boats and barges now paying a tonnage tax
shalt be exempt from the tax of two and a half per cent,
upon freight, &c., and betlius placed upon the haiue foot-
ing as provincial vessels bringing cargoes to our porta.
NORTHERN INDIAN SUPE1UNTENDENCY.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, and in pursuance of previous notice, intro-
duced a bill to abolish the northern Indian super-
intendency; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
CONFISCATION OF CONSCRIPTS' PROPERTY.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be In-
structed to report at an early day upon the expediency of
a law to confiscate for the Government, when practicable,
so much of the property of conscripts who have failed to
report for duty as may be required to secure the services
of a soldier in their stead.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
THE NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to authorize na-
tional banks to close their banking institutions on
certain clays named, and to make all notes and
other negotiable instruments, under the laws of
the United States, falling due and payable on such
days, due and payable on the preceding secular
day respectively; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
COMPENSATION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, asked unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Rcsoivcff, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Pot-t ltoads be instructed to inqune into the expediency of
so amending the act of July \, 1664, regulating the com-
peni-ation or postmasters, as to allow pos.Una-.ters> of the
thiid eiat-s a ica-souablo bum for tilt ucct:-satyr i^t r,f rent,
fuel, light*, and i loiks.
Mr. IIOLMAN objected.
