1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, who asked
and obtained unanimous consent to introduce the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
Instructed to Inquire into the expediency of repealing so
much of the act entitled "An act to authoiize protection
to be given to citizens of the United States wlio may dis-
cover deposits of guano," approved August 18, 1856, as
prohibits the export thereof by eertaiu persons referred to
in the second section of said act.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN, ETC.
Mr, L. MYERS. I call up the privileged mo-
tion I made a day or two since, to reconsider the
•vote by which the House rejected the bill of the
House (No. 710) to extend the time for the com-j
pletion of certain railroads, to which land grants '
have been made, in the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin; and upon that motion I demand the 1
previous question.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay that motion on
the table; and on that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to postpone the bill
until we get through with the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has moved the previous question, and
the gentleman on the right has moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table, upon which he
has called the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 70, not voting 64; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Brandcgce, Broomall,
James S. Brown, Clay, Dawson, Domson, Dixon,Eckley,
Edgerton, English, Finck, Good), Gruler, Hale, Harding,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Hooper, John H. Hubbard,
Iluiburd, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, King, Mallory,
Marcy, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Odell, Chaiies
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Radford, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, Sehenck, Scofield, Spalding, Starr,
Thayer, Townsend, Elihu B. Washburne, Webster, Joseph
\V. White, Wmfleld, and Woodbridge—48.
NAYS— Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashley, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeinan Clarke. Coffroth,
Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Driggs, Eden, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Frank. Garfield, Charles M. Harris,
Htgby, Asahel W. Hubbaid, Hulehins, Ingersoll, Francis
W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knapp, Knox, Law, Le
Blond, Loan, Long, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, Mc-
Clurg, McKinney, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, James R.
Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Perliam,
Pomeroy, James S. Rollins, Ross, Shannon, Smith, Smlth-
ers, William G. Steele, Upsou, Wadsworth, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
* Fernando Wood, Worthington, and Yeaman—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ames, Bea-
man, Blaine, Blair, Boyd, Brooks, Cobb, Cox, Cravens,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Demmg, Duinont,
Ganson,Giinnell,Gii&wold, Hall, Herrick, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Jenckes, JPhilip Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Kernan, Lazear, Littlejohn, McBride, McDowell, Mcln-
doe, Middleton, William H. Miller, Amos Myers, Orth,
Perry, Pike, Price, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, William U.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers, Scott, Sloan, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stil«s,
Strouse, Stuait, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh,
Voorhees, Ward, Chilton A.White, Wiudom, and Benja-
min Wood—64.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
During the call,
Mr. COBB stated that upon this question he
was paired off with Mr. McIndoe.
Mr. L. MYERS. I called for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put,
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. On the motion
to reconsider I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 suggest
to the gentleman from Wisconsin that we take
a vote only on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I want them on
both.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 44, not voting 63;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. AHen, Allison, Ames, An-
derson, Arnold, Ashley, Bally, Augustus C. Baldwin,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, William
G. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eden,
Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Frank, Gooch, Griswold,
Charles M. Harris, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, fng+'r.«oll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Francis W.
Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Kn.ipp. Law, LeBlond, Loan,
Longyear. Marvin, McAllister, McClurg, McKinney, Sam-
uel F. Milier, James ft. Morris-, Amos Myers, Leonaid
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Perbatn, Pomeroy, William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers,
JamesS. Rollins, Ross, Shannon, Smith, Smithers, John B.
Steele,Up?on, Wadsworth, William D. Washburn, Wheel-
er, Wilder, Woodbridge, Worthington, and Yeaman—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Broomall, Jniues S. Brown,
Clay, Cobb, Dawson,Denlson,Dumont, Eckley,Edgerton,
Finck, Gilder, Haiding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Herrick, Hulehins, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, King,
Lazear, Marcy, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Mor-
rison, Oddl, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pen-
dleton, Radford, Edward H. Rollins, Scofield, Spalding,
Starr, Thayer, 'i homas, Townsend, Elihu B. Washburne,
Webster, Joseph W. White, Wilson,and Winfield—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Bea-
man, Blaine, Blair, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks, Coffroth,
Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dix-
on, English, Ganson, Garfield, Gnnnell, Hale, Hall, Hol-
man, Hooper, Hotchki«s, Hulburd, Philip Johnson, Kelley,
Kernan, Knox, Littlejohn, Long. Mallory, McBride, Mc-
Dowell, McIndoe, Middleton, William H. Miller, Orth,
Perry, Pike, Price, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Sehenck, Scott, Sloan, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Voor-
hees, Ward, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Williams, Win-
dom, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—63.
So the bill was passed. %
TAX BILL. V
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itselfinto Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state the Union on
the special order.  r
Mr, GARFIELD. I desire to $sk that when -
we go into Committee of the Whole on the sta£e
of the Union the debate on the proposition to ap-
pose a tax on sales be limited to fifteen murines
for each speech instead of five minutes. . •**
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL. I object; five minutes is
enough.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itselfinto the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being bill of the House No.
744, to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 18(54.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be upon the amendment offered last eveningby
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well;] which is as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause in the fourth sec-
tion, as follows: <l That in addition to the duties imposed
in section mnety-fourof the act to which this is an amend-
ment, as hereinbefore amended, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and.paid, upon the goods, wares, and meiehandise
therein mentioned, except as hereinafter otherwise pro-
vided, an increase of one fifth or twenty per cent, of the
duties or rates ofduty now provided in said section, whether
ad valorem or specific : Provided, That the additional duties
or rates of duty herein mentioned shall not apply to coal
illuminating oil, refined, and naphtha, benzine and benzole,
paper of all descriptions, printed books, magazines, pam-
phlets,reviews,and similar publications, cotton, manufac-
tured tobacco, snuff, cigais, cigarettes, and cherootsand
insert in lieu thereof as follows:
That all persons licensed under the provisions of this act
or of the act to which this is an amendment, and who arc
engaged in the sale of goods, wares, or merchandise, or of
articles produced or manufactured, whether foreign or do-
mestic, shall, within ten days alter the Istday of each and
every month, make return, under oath or affirmation, of
the amount of goods, wares, and merchandise or articles
sold during the month preceding, and shall pay thereon a
tax of one half of one per cent., and all such persons in the
assessment and collection- of the tax imposed by this sec-
tion shall be subject to the provisions of law relating to the
assessment and collection of taxes of manufacturers, men-
tioned in the eighty-second section of the act to whtcli this
is an amendment, as far as the same are applicable.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask if it would
be in order to offer an amendment substituting
one per cent, for the half of one per cent., and
offering this amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts then as a substitute for the clause
providing for an income tax?
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Would it bein order to
move to strike outali in relation to the income tax?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order.
That is not in the pending paragraph. The pend-
ing paragraph is in regard to sales exclusively.
Mr.GRISWOLD. Then I move to strikeout
" half of one per cent, "and insert" one per cent."
I should be glad if the Committee of Ways and
Means had either had time or had felt that it was
the true policy for them to have considered more
fully, perhaps, than they have had an opportu-
nity of doing, this question of substituting a tax
upon sales in place of the income tax, for I am
persuaded that if time were given those gentlemeh
to consider it they would arrive at the conclusion,
which I think most practieal men who have
thoughton this subject have arrived at, that sori^e
such mode of indirect taxation must be resorted
to in order to collect the necessary revenue for
the country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I submit to tlie Commit-
tee of Ways and Means so far as the income tax
is concerned, that there is no mode of taxation
that is more unjust and unequal or that is subject
to greater frauds or more susceptible of evasion
than the income tax; and if a plan could be sub-
stituted for it by which indirectly a far greater
amount could be raised, as it could be by the im-
position of a tax upon sales, I am satisfied that
it would bear more lightly upon the people and
secure, with still greater certainty, a far larger
revenue.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I submit that the policy
adopted and recommended by the Committee'of
Ways and Means is to a very great degree op-
pressive. As an illustration, take, for instance,
the. duty on manufactures; I can see no reason
wfiy the manufacturer of an article should be
heavily taxed for its production, while the man
who sells that very article should be exempt from
taxation. lean see no good reason why the manu-
facturer, for instance, who manufactures$100,000
worth per annum should be taxed his $5,000,
while the man living on the very same block, who
sells that very same commodity, and perhaps
secures a far greater profit, shall be exempt from
any taxation except a mere license limi ted to $100.
Now, I desire to say in connection with this
subject that I hope that either at the present ses-
sion or at some future time, either the present or
some future Committee of Ways and Means will
see fit to consider this subject fairly,and to devise
some mode of raising levenue by indirection
rather than by this oppressive mode of direct tax-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL. I can inform the gentleman
from New York that this question in relation to
the income tax and a tax on sales has been often
and long considered by the Committee of Ways
and Means. It is by no means anew question
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I said in the few remarks which I made upon
the general question of taxation upon presenting
this bill that if the policy were to become the
permanent policy of the country I believed that
the more just mode of arriving at an income tax
would be to levy it upon the amount of property
held by every person; but not believing that it
wiil be a part of the permanent policy of the coun-
try 1 think it better to go on collecting it as we
are now^collecting it, upon profits, which have
been rather large during the last year or two,
rather than make any radical change at this ses-
sion.
But this question of a tax on sales is by no
means a new question. It was considered by
Adam Smith, and denounced by him. If the
gentleman is conversant with works on political
economy he knows the opinions of that eminent
writer. Let me read the language of Adam Smith:
" The famous alcavala of Spain seems to have been es-
tablit-hed upon this principle. It was at first a tax ot ten
per ccnt., afterward of fouiteen per cent., and it is at
present only six per cent, upon the sale of every sort of
property, whether movable or immovable ; and it is re-
peated everv time the property is sold." (Manoires con-
cernant les Droits. $c., tome I, p. 4o5.) The levying of
this tax requires a multitude of levenue officers-, sufficient
to guard the transportation of goods not only from one
province to another, but from one shop to another. It sub-
jects not only the dealers 111 some sorts of goods, but those
in all sorts, every farmer, eveiy manufacturer, every mer-
chant and shop-keeper, to the continual visit and examina-
tion of the tax gatherers. Through the greater part of the
country in which a tax of this kmd i* established nothing
can be'produced for distant sale. The produce of every
part of the country must be piopoitioned to the consump-
tion of the neighborhood. It is to the alcavala. accordingly,
that Ustaritz imputes the ruin of the manufactures of
Spain."
A writer in the Social Science Review for Jan-
uary, 1865, says:
" The imposition of this tax m Spain and Naples could
not have been so burdensome as it proved in Holland, for
the latter was a country t>upported by intense commercial
