874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febauary 17,
activity, where the national prosperity depended upon the
freedom of its internal and foreign intercourse. It i& in
such countries—and the United States is such a country—
that a tax of tins nature proves most unbearable. The rigor
with which it liore upon the Dutch is proved from the tact
that, while they were patjpnt under Alva's revengeful cru-
elties and religious persecutions, the moment iie laid the
alcavala, or, as it wa« called in Holland, the tenth denier,
upon them, they revolted, and their revolt finally secured
the independence of the Dutch provinces, and led to the
establishment of the greatest republic which had ever ex-
isied since the days of Ilome. It is related that at the siege
of Haarlem the Dutch insurgents, enraged at the cruelty
of the besiegers, beheaded eleven of their Spanish prisoners,
and with grim facetiousness threw their heads over the walls
into the camp of the Spaniards, with this note : ' Duke of
Alva, thou hast demanded a tenth from the town of Haar-
lem. ' Here is the sum, with an extra head for the interest.5"
Motley, one of the most distinguished of our
recent historians, in his Rise of the Dutch Re-
public, characterized this tax as " monstrous,"
" fatal to all trade and manufactures," " produc-
tive of an entire prostration of industry."
If we impose this tax upon sales it will become
the most odious tax ever levied in this country.
No complaints that have been made with regard
to all the other taxes will compare with the com-
plaints which this tax will excite.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw my amend-
ment/
JMr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
by striking out " one half of one per cent.;" and
1 do so for the purpose of presenting a few sug-
gestions to the House in reference to this subject
of taxation upon sales. In my judgment, it is but
another mode of imposing the entire burden of
taxation upon the consumers of this country. The
proposition just made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr, Griswold] to abandon the taxation
upon incomes and substitute a tax upon sales is
but another mode of exempting the great body of
the capital of this country from any burden of
taxation whatever.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I merely suggested that.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then, if the gentleman
does not insist upon it, I go to another point.
If we impose a tax upon sales, upon whom will
the burden of this taxation fall? it will fall upon
the consumersof this country, who are, as a gen-
eral thing, the poorer class. It may be said that
all taxes fall upon them. They are relieved some-
what by our present system of taxing incomes;
and that is almost the only instance in which our
taxation does not fall entirely upon the consumers
of the country. A tax upon sales would but im-
pose another burden upon this class. You tax
the sales of the manufacturer; then you tax the
merchant when lie sells to his western customer;
and when that western dealer sells to his cus-
tomers these different taxes are all summed up, and
constitute a part of the price which poor men, with
families to feed and clothe, are obliged to pay for
the articles which they need. Thus, in the end,
they are made to bear the burden.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question; upon whom should the bur-
den of carrying on the war fall ?
Mr. J. C. ALL&N, The burden of carrying
on the war should fall chit-fly upon that class of
the community who have the greatest interest in
maintaining our Government, and they are the
men who wield and control the capital ok this
country.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Have the capitalists the
greatest interest in maintaining the Government?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. They have a more direct
pecuniary interest in maintainingthe Government
than have the great masses, because they have
more to protect. The principal part of the bur-
den of supporting the Government should fall
upon those who have most to protect and are best
able to bear this burden.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. He maintains that if a tax be
laid upon sales the burden will fall upon the
consumer. Now, does not a tax upon manufac-
tures full indirectly upon the consumer, because
the manufacturer must supply the consumer?
Mr J. C. ALLEN. Of course it does. Bat
if we tax the merchant upon his sales this tax is
added to the hardens already borne by the con-
sumer. The widow of the soldier, when shegoes
to buy the necessaries of life for her family, pays
a portion of that burden. The merchantand the
manufacturer do not feel the tax, because under
our system they are able to add it to their sales.
Hence I oppose the system. I am in favor of
increasing the burdens of taxation upon the cap-
ital of the country. I would rather vote for an
increase of the tax upon incomes than to dimin-
ish it, for it is the only mode by which we can
make the taxes bear equally. Where we resort
to the tax upon incomes we do to some extent
relieve the consumers of the country, who are
poor, from the burdens of taxation, and make
them fall upon those who hold the wealth of the
country in their hands.
I am therefore opposed, I repeat, to any tax
upon sales whatever. The practical working of
the system of taxation upon sales would be to
compel the merchants of the country to buy their
goods at fiist hands.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The gentleman will allow
me to ask him another question. Is there any
more justice in imposing a direct tax upon the
manufacturer of $100,000 of goods, wares, and
merchandise, who perhaps makes no profit upon
the manufacture, than upon the man who sells
that amount and makes a large profit? Is there
any more justice in imposing a direct tax upon
one than upon another?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. No more justice; but by
this system of taxation you make the consumer
in the end pay the tax. The manufacturer is
protected by the tariff. No, sir; there would be
no justice in either event, according to the gentle-
man's showing. I oppose the tax upon sales be-
cause it imposes an additional burden upon the
greatconsuming classes of the community. I am
endeavoring to combat the position of the gentle-
man from New York, that we ought to abandon
the tax upon incomes and resort to some other
mode of taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, I think
that the committee will see that every tax we im-
pose, unless it be the income tax, and I am not
sure about that, isa tax 011 consumers. We might
as well admit the fact. The tax which is levied
by Congress upon the manufacturers, and which
the Committee of Ways and Means now propose
to increase, is a tax upon consumers. The only
distinction which can be made is that the income
tax is a tax upon the producers; butin this coun-
try the class of producers is almost the same as
the class of consumers. And finally, when you
come to analyze this system of taxation, whether
on incomes, on manufactures, or on sales, the re-
sult is the same, the producers and consumers of
the country pay the tax; and the only difference
there is, and in that difference I find some advan-
tage in the tax upon manufactures and on sales
over the income tax, is that the consumers in this
country are a larger class than the producers.
If it were possible, I think that the larger por-
tion of the pecuniary burdens of this war should
be upon property, and not upon labor and labor-
ers, for wherever you find a man poor you find a
man able to defend himself; but it is property, in
and of itself, which is indefensible, and relies upon
man for protection.
The advantage of the system in this section is
simply this, not that it exempts the consumers,
not that it exempts the producers, and it is no
more offensive and objectionable than the tax upon
manufactures, but it is in this: that it touches
larger transactions because it levies a tax upon
all convertible and exchangeable merchandise in
the country, while the tax upon manufactures
levies it on!y upon a portion, that which relates
to manufactures of domesticproduction. Thistax
upon sales includes foreign products imported
into the country. It enables us to tax these arti-
cles in being transferred from one to another
without affecting at all the tariff system of the
country. Therefore there is an advantage in this
system.
Then, again, we deal with business men—those
who are licensed as manufacturers or dealers of
some sort—and every man whose sales come up
to §1,000 under the law has to pay a license; and
as a business man he arranges his business with
reference to the tax, and governs himself at the
end of the month by it when he renders his re-
turn. He pays his tax without complaint, be-
cause his business is based upon the expectation
that he has to pay the tax; and I believe that it
will be found the most easy of all the various
modes of taxation in the method of assessing and
collecting the tax. It will yield a large revenue. It
will furnish means which the Government needs.
I have not time m this five minutes to show why,
if this war is to cease in the next six months, we
ought to have large revenues for the purpose of
liquidating the floating debt of the country with-
out funding it. If a portion of the public debt
which has not been funded can, with a large rev-
enue, be paid as the war draws to a close, it will
be a relief to the country in this particular, that
it will be paid in a currency which represents in
some degree the value of the property which the
Government received, founded upon estimates
based upon a depreciated currency. Therefore,
if the war is to come to a close, so much more do
we need large revenues for a year or two in or-
der that the floating debt of the country may be
liquidated.
Nor am I alarmed at the suggestions drawn
from thehistory of Spain. The gentleman from
Vermont should understand that that was a tax
which affected not sales so much as the manufac-
turing industry of the country; and if any argu-
ment were to be drawn from the experience of
that effete and worn-out people, it would go to
show that the tax upon manufactures, which the
gentleman from Vermont proposes to increase,
ought not to be levied, because that was a tax
upon the manufactured articles, and affected ma-
terially that branch of industry in that country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN withdrew his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew it, in order to notice
the remarks made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Before doing that, I will say that it seems im-
material whether this tax falls on the producer or
the consumer, or on any particular class of so-
ciety. The question is not on whom it falls so
much as where its weight will strike the industry
of the country. It is quite material to me, if I
have to carry a weight of ten pounds, whether
it is laid upon my shoulders or fastened to my
ankles; and that illustrates the relative nature of
these two systems of taxation. A tax on sales is
a burden fastened to the ankles of the nation,
while taxes of other kinds are burdens laid upon
its shoulders, which it can bear without exhaus-
tion.
No one, I believe, will controvert the position
that a tax on sales is in reality a tax on the com-
modity sold. Is it the policy of this House to
tax all commodities withoutdiscrimination? Do
we propose to tax lands? Do we propose to tax
beef, pork, wheat, and corn? A tax on sales isa
tax on all the necessaries of life. A tax on sales
is a tax on everything which is sold under the
license law, as regulated by the ninety-second
section of the revenue law of last session. And
if any gentleman here thinks it unwise to tax the
necessaries of life he must think it unwise to
tax sales which reach all these necessaries. It is
therefore a grave objection to this mode of taxa-
tion that it does not discriminate between those
commodities which should be free and those which
ought to bear the public burden.
Another thing: the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has given what he regards the strong argu-
ment in favor of this mode, namely, that it is an
easy method of collecting the tax. It puts property
in a place where the Government can lay hands
upon it in bulk. To my mind, sir, that is one
of the great dangers of this tax. It is precisely
similar to the method of procuring a loan by is-
suing legal-tender notes. It is so easy a thing to
do that we are constantly in danger of inflating
the currency; a tax on sales is so easily author-
ized that it only requiresadash of the pen to run
it up from one half per cent, to ten per cent., as
they had it in Spain. What the greenback cur-
rency is tojoans, a tax on sales is to the general
revenue. There is our danger.
I refer again to the teachings of history on this
subject. I have this morning looked over the
parliamentary debates of Great Britain for the
last thirty years. During that period there were
three_revisions of the whole system of British
taxation. The discussion in Parliament on one
of those occasions, (1842,) as reported in Han-
sard's Parliamentary Debutes, runs through five
volumes, and is veiy full. But in nil those de-
bates no member of either House of Parliament
proposed such a thing as a tax on sales. So
completely is it understood in that country—that
country which,perhaps, is better educated upon
