1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
100
for the opening of the bids, and unless the sale is
postponed our people will have had no oppor-
tunity whatever of competing for the lands. The
sales were postponed on the last day of the ses-
sion of 1862, and this is an exact copy of that
lesolution. To-morrow is the termination of the
period when the bids are to be opened, and unless
tins resolution is passed, the lands will all go into
the hands of speculators, our people not having
had an opportunity of bidding for them.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that the resolution
should be passed over for a few moments until
we can look into it a little.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be laid
aside informally, if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection
to its being passed over for a few moments, but I
am very anxious that it should be passed to-day.
Mr. HARLAN. Itis not my purpose to defer
actum to-day, but I learn from the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs that he has not
been consulted in relation to it, and I have not,
as clmirrrmn of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I would prefer to look into it.
Mr. LANE,ofKansas. In explanation, I will
state that I have just this moment returned from
the Inteiior Department, and have just learned
that to-morrow js the last day. The former res-
olution to which I have referred, and of which
this is an exact copy, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and reported by that
committee. You will find it the very last act of
the second session of the former Congress. I
have just sent for the statute. The sales were
then postponed for the same reason: the people
of Kansas had had no opportunity to bid; and 1
ask a postponement now for the same reason.
They were advertised for three weeks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will ask the honorable
Senator from Kansas whether the Department of
the Interior recommends the suspension.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I copied this resolu-
tion in Jndee Usher's room.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We will look into it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator to object to it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it lie over for a short
time. The other Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Pomeroy] has just taken his seat, and I should
like to consult with him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be laid aside informally.
DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SAULSBURY submitted the following
resolution; which was consideied by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
fotm the tfrnatp whether volunteers toi thirty days and for
one hundred days were called for by otder of Ins Depait-
ment, at, anv tune" pieceding the two drafts in the State
of Di-law.in', nom that State, and if so, 1m what purpose,
and tnidei what authouiy of law ; wnetherbueh volunteers
were pioiniM'd as an inducement to volunteei exemplton
from said dialth , whether f^aid volunieets wcie exempted
from said diuft^ when they volunteered ; whether they were
kept Willnn the limits of said State, and whether they were
pioms-ed as a fuithci inducement to volunteer that they
bhould not he tent without the hunt* of >.aid State, or that
they should not be employed in aeuve seivice in the field.
OATil FOIt LAWYERS.
Mi. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 72.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 72) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2, 1862,
which had been reported upon adversely by the
Committee on the Judiciary. It provides that no
person, after the date of this act, shall be admit-
ted to the bar of the Supreme Court of the United
States, or of any circuit or district court of the
United States, or of the Court of Claims, as an
attorney or counselor of such court, or shall be
allowed to appear and be heard iti any such court,
by virtue of any previous admission or any spe-
cial power of attorney, unless he shall huvc first
taken and subscribed the oath prescribed in "An
act to prescube an oath of office, arid for other
purposes," approved July 2, 386*2, according to
the forms and in the manner provided in thatact;
which oath so taken and subscribed is to he pre-
set ved among the files of such coui i, and any per-
son who shall falsely take the oath shall be guilty
of perjury, and, on conviction, shall be liable to
the pains and penalties of perjury, and the addi-
tional pains and penalties in that act provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not rise to oppose the
passage of the bill, but to suggest to the honor-
able member from Massachusetts that perhaps it
would be as well to make it operate at some fu-
ture day. It applies to all circuit and district
courts of the United States; and between now
and the time when the courts will know of the
existence of such a law, there will be hundreds,
perhaps, of lawyers admitted. It does not re-
quire those who have been admitted to take the
oath. I think the bill had better be limited to
some future day.
Mr. SUMNER. What day would the Senator
propose ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Any day that would give
sufficient time to enable the courts to have a
knowledge of the existence of this law.
Mr. SUMNER. How would it do to say, " so
soon as the law shall reach them ?"
Mr. JOHNSON. Then you would make it a
matter of fact, you know. 1 suggest the 1st of
February. That will be time enough.
Mr. SUMNER. By the telegraph the knowl-
edge can come to any court now in twenty-four
hours.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I were the court I would
not be governed by telegraphic dispatches in
these times; you cannot rely upon them; and
some of these courts are situated where there is
no telegraph.
Mr. SUMNER. Not United States courts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh yes. There are all the
United States courts in the Territories. I sug-
gest the 1st of February.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it act
immediately in this capital.
Mr. JOHNSON. You can say it shall act in
the Supreme Court now, and in the other courts
of the United Slates on and after the 1st of Feb-
ruary or the 4th of March.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
yesterday—I did not hear him at the time very
distinctly—refeiring to the bill which is now be-
fore the Senate, and which he said was at that
time on the table, stated that he understood some
lawyers had refused to take a similar oath pre-
scribed by the local courts. I know of but one
member of the bar who is in that situation; and
it is due to him to say, (and I am sure the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts will agree
that the reason assigned was sufficient,) that he
had no objection at all to take the oath if it was
legally exacted, but he objected to its being ad-
ministered by the mere order of the supreme court
for this District, he thinking (whether he was right
or not, 1 am not prepared to say) that as the law
creating the court as it now exists transferred all
the causes to the new court from the old, the law-
yers who were concerned in the old court, and
entitled to try those causes, were necessarily also
entitled to appear in the new court without tak-
ing the oath, as Congress had piovided no law to
the contrary. I am satisfied from what I heard
him say long before the bill was introduced by
the honorable member from Massachusetts, and
what I have heard him say still more recently,
that he never had or would have the slightest ob-
jection to take the oath when the oath should be
prescribed by any law passed by Congress. And,
as far as 1 am advised, speaking for the profes-
sion generally, I donotknow that there is a mem-
ber ot the bar m the United States who will hes-
itate to take this oath after Congress shall have
passed the law.
But my principal object in rising was to sug-
gest to the honorable member the propriety of ex-
tending the operation of this bill, at least m rela-
tion to the other com ts, to some diatantday when
all the courts can have knowledge of its exist-
ence, so that the rule upon the subject may be
uniform.
Mr. SUMNER. I accent the suggestion of the >
Senator, and move to insert after the word u or," j j
in tiie fourth hue, the words "at any tune after ij
the 4th of March next shall be tidmitted to the j
bar;" so that the whole clause will lead: j
That no pyison, after the date of this act. bhall be ad- !
mitted to the bar of the Supreme Couu of the United
States, or at any time after the 4th of March next shall be
admitted to tbe bar of any eiicuit or district court of the
United States,. 8tc.
Mr. JOHNSON, That satisfies me.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel a. very great indifference
about this matter, whether it passes or "fails; bat
I suppose it will pass as a matter of course. My
own experience is that official oaths are of very
little value; and I do not think they are of any
more value upon the parties who propose them
than they are upon those whom it is intended
should take them. This seems to be the day of
imposing oaths. We have test oaths and special
oaths and general oaths connected with office and
official duty without number. For myself, with
some experience in relation to the value of oaths,
I would not giveafigforall thatcould be imposed
in connection with the performance of official
duties. I think it is trifling with and bringing
into contempt, if notderision, what was intended
to bo a very sacred and solemn obligation, and that
one effect will be to deprive it of all of its moral
power, in a great degree at least.
But there is one special objection which I would
suggest to this measure. I care not whether it
passes or not. I understand that lawyers and prac-
titioners in the courts of the British provinces are
permitted to practice in the courts of some of the
adjacent States and in some of the United States
courts held in those States, and that this is a mat-
ter of mutual comity. I do not know personally
that such is the fact, but fiom all the information
I have received on that point, I believe it to be so;
and I think this comity would be unnecessarily
and without the least profit in any consideration
whatever interfered with by the passage of this
bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the thud time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was one of the members
of this body who thought the Congress of the
United States had not the authority constitution-
ally to pass the act indicated in this bill. I thought
it was ex post facto in some, and in my judgment
objectionable in all, of its provisions. 1 believe if
there is one evil more than another in this country,
it is the administering of these oaths so freely. Go
back a few years ago, and you find that political
societies were organized throughout the length
and breadth of this land bound together by secret
oaths taken at midnight, in out-of-the-way places
sometimes. I think you can trace from the ex-
perience of that day some of the evil consequences
which afilictus now. I believe that a measure of
this kind can be attended with no possible good.
I will not, however, Mr. President, discuss the
question. My purpose in rising was simply to
call for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill, so that I might record my vote against a
measure of this character. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON (when his name was called)
said: I suppose I am at liberty to say a word be-
fore voting. %
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary at the last session;
and it was, I think, the almost unanimous opin-
ion of the committee that it was not at all neces-
sary to the security of the country that this oath
should be required to be prescribed, and they
therefore failed to recommend the passage of the
bill. We were under the impression, as well as
I remember, that if it was necessary to prescribe
such an oath to members of the bar, it was equally
necessary, and perhaps more necessary, (because
the members of the bar, comparatively, m num-
bers, are very small with reference to the whole
population of the United States who are concerned
in business of various descriptions,) that it should
be prescribed to every man in the United States;
not only to any man who pursues any other profes-
sion, but any man who pursues any calling. The
doctor should not be permitted to practice unless
he took an oath of this description; the clergyman
should not be permitted to preach unless he took
an oath of this description; the merchant should
not bo permitted to carry on his particular busi-
ness; and soin reference to all the relations m
which men may be placed in society. But us the
