110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
honorable member seems to think that it may in
some measure serve to render the condition of the
country more safe or less perilous than it would
be without this oath being taken by the members
of the bar, I for one am willing to let him silence
his own fears on that subject and let the law be
passed. I say, "Yea."
The call of the roll was concluded, and the re-
sult announced—yeas 27, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collaraer, Con-
ness, Dixon, Dootittle, Farweli, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—27.
NAYS — Messrs. Biick:ilew, Davis, Richardson, and
Saulsbury—4.
ABSENT — Messrs. Carliie, Chandler, Cowan, Hale,
Hardtng, Hendricks, Hieks, Howard, Howe, MeDougall,
Morrill, Nesmith, Powell, Riddle, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wright—18.
So the bill was passed.
land sales in kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution offered by
my colleague, that was laid aside informally so
that we might examine the treaty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of that joint reso-
lution, (S. No. 88,) it having been laid aside in-
formally.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " 14th day of December"
and inserting " 1st day of July."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only remark to the
Senate that 1 have had my attention called to the
treaty this morning, and I do not see that the
lands can be sold at less than $1 25 an acre; but
being informed that there is an effort to get the
lands into the hands of speculators and not set-
tlers, I desire to have the matter postponed for
six months, so as to give every body a fair oppor-
tunity. I do notthink that can work any injury,
but it may work some good to our citizens. I do
not think it is good policy to prevent the people
getting their titles at an early day, because until
the titles are perfected the people will not improve,
and the country will not settle up. I war|t the
titles perfected at an early day, and that is the
reason why 1 propose a postponement of six
months instead of a year. I think a delay of six
months will give any contesting parties time
enough to prove their claims and perfect their
titles. 1 cannot see, however, that any injury
could result if the provisions of the treaty were
adhered to strictly; but to prevent anything of
that kind I am willing to vote for the passage of
' the resolution with this amendment.
The. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Lane] accepts the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Pomeroy,] and the
resolution will be regarded as so modified.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This question in 1862
was before the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
at that time we recommended the passage of a sim-
ilar resolution. ( do not from any knowledge
which has come to me know that it can in any
way prejudice the interests of the tribe of Indians;
and as both the Senators from Kansas concur in
the resolution and desire its passage, and I sup-
pose as a matter of course they represent, and
properly represent, the interests of the people of
Kansas, and 1 do not know of any objection to
the passage of the resolution, I shall vote for it. It
came up suddenly, and being asked to be passed
immediately without reference to a committee, I
was cautious upon that subject and desired some
little examination of it. With my present infor-
mation, unless in the course of the day some fur-
ther information should come to me, I shall con-
sent now that the resolution may be taken up
and passed; but if any further information shall
eome to me showing that, in my judgment, the res-
olution ought not to have been passed, I shall re-
serve to myself the right to move a reconsidera-
tion.
Thejoint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a thud reaiing, and was read the third time,
and passed.
extra compensation to employes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the special order, which is the Senate j
joint resolution No. 82. j
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to postpone all i
December 22,
prior orders and take up the House joint resolu-
tion No. 121.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion proposed to be taken up is a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 121) granting additional compensa-
tion to the employes of the two Houses of Con-
Mr. HENDERSON. The resolution that I
desire now to call up is only in reference to the
employes of the two Houses of Congress. I will
state for the information of the Senator from Iowa
that I do not desire now to press the consider-
ation of the resolution against the views of the
Senate, but I am very well satisfied that some-
thing in some cases ought to be done. I am very
well satisfied that additional compensation in some
cases ought to be allowed, and the Senator, I ap-
prehend, will agree with me in that. If, when the
resolution is called up, as I believe it has not ever
been sent to a committee, if it be desired by the
Senator from Iowa or any other Senator to take
that course, and to send it to a committee for ex-
amination, and to include other employes of the
Government in regard to whom it is absolutely
essential that something should be done, I shall
have no objection to that course. I am satisfied
that additional compensation in some cases, not
only here but in the Departments, will have to be
allowed. The Secretary of the Treasury calls
attention to the fact, and I think the time has
come when we must all admit that some addi-
tional compensation should be allowed in some
cases, and therefore we had better either take up
the resolution and perfect it here, or else send it
to a committee and let it be examined. I have no
objection to either course.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the
joint resolution being taken up if the purpose the
Senator desires to accomplish is to refer it to a
committee for examination, but I am opposed to
taking it up for consideration by the Senate \vith
a view to pass it at this time. If the purpose of
the Senator is to refer it to a committee, I have no
objection to its being taken up; but this question
of increasing compensation is a very broad one;
and if we begin it in one Department, or with one
man, it will have to run through all the employes
of the Government. It ought to begin with the
men in the field, with the soldiers and the sailors,
and not with the men who are here receiving ten
times their compensation as employes about the
Capitol; and I prefer to see this subject, if it is
to be touched at all, brought to the attention of the
Senate from the committees representing the Army
and Navy rather than from those that represent
the personal friends of the Senators.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know whether
it is proposed to take up the resolution for action
by the body, or merely for the purpose of refer-
ence.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to call up the res-
olution for consideration now, but if the Senator
from Iowa, or any other Senator, desires to refer
it to a committee I shall make no opposition to
that course being taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
taking up the resolution for the purpose indicated
by the Senator from Iowa, but I am opposed to
direct action on it at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the special order of the day, with
a view of taking up thejoint resolution indicated
by the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
joint resolution is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 620) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1865.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
freedom of soldiers' families.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (after a pause.) There
seems to be no business before the Senate, and I
believe there was a sort of tacit understanding
that no business of importance should be done to-
day. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion to allow a joint resolution to be taken
up, which was just now laid aside, so that it may
not lose its place?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. If there is
any business that we can properly do now, let it
be done.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of thejoint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to en-
courage enlistments and to promote the efficiency
of the military forces of the United States, was
resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. X move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
stands adjourned to meet on Thursday, the 5th
day of January next, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 22, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
coast survey.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the number and names of
persons employed in the coast survey during the
last fiscal year; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
european iron-clad vessels.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter of the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House of the 20th instant, the re-
port made by Chief Engineer J. W. King, in
relation to the iron-clad vessels and dock-yards
of Europe; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
laws of dakota territory.
The Speaker also, byunanimous consent, laid
before the House the laws of the Territory of Da-
kota; which were referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
trade with insurrectionary states.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House, if not inconsistent with the public
interest, the report of Major General E. R. <J. Canby, coin-
mandingthe inilitarydivision of Western Mississippi, con-
cerning the purchase by the United Slates of products of
States declared to be in insurrection.
board of admiralty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
question. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Faunsworth] cannot move a call of the
House while the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] is on the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
bill for the creation of a Board of Admiralty, which
has been referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, be printed for the information of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment.
Mr. LAW. I ask unanimous consent to offer
a resolution 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must object until it
beascertained whetheraquorum ispresent. When
the House determined to adjourn to-day for two
weeks, it did not mean thatitshould adjourn yes-
terday. 1 insist that we shall not do business
here without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
objects; therefore the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Law] cannot be received.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, unless there is a
motion pending, I ask leave to offer the following
resolution—.—
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
