112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Edward U. Rolling, Ross, Scott,
Shannon, Sloan, William G. Steele, Stiles, Sweat, Thayer,
Upson, Voorhees,Wadsworth, Ward.Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn,'Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
Woodhridge, and Yearn am—94.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly, in pursuance to a concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses, adjourned until the 5th
day of January next.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 5,1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H.Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. H. Hamlin)
resumed the chair.
The Journal of Thursday, the 23d ultimo, was
read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
in response to a resolution of the Seriate of the
19th of December, 1864, calling for the report of
Major General Herron relative to the milita'ry de-
partment of Arkansas, slating that the repoi t had
not yet been received. The communication was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury transmitting, in obedi-
ence to law, the report of Professor A. D. Buehe,
Superintendent of the CoastSurvey, showing tlie
progress of that work during the year ending No-
vember 1, 1864.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was refened to the Committee on
Priming:
Resolved, That there be printed of the report of the Su-
p'Tirm-ndont of the Coast Suivey for the year 1804 twelve
hundred extra copies for the use of the Senate, and thr« e
thousand copies lor distribution fiomthe office oltheCoasst
Survey.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befoie the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Territory of
New Mexico, transmitting two copies of the laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly of New Mex-
ico at its last session. One copy was referred to
the Committee on Territories, and the other or-
dered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Mrs. P. J. Howard, praying that her hus-
band, John Howard, a soldier, who enlisted, ns
she alleges, for two years, and is now held for
three, contrary to I he representation of the re-
el uiung officers, may be discharged; which was
refoirod to the Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented a telegraphic dispatch from
the Governor of the State of Nevada, transmitting
a resolution of the Legislature of that State, ask-
ing for the postponement of any action in refer-
erne to the taxation and disposal of mineral lands
or taxation of the mines, or the proceeds theteof,
until the Senators-elect from that State [Mrvssrs.
W. M. Stewart and J. W. Nye] shall take their
seals in the Senate; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WADE presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Geauga and Lake counties, Ohio, praying
for the passage of the preamble and resolution
offered by Mr. Chandler in tiie United States Sen-
ate, December 14,1664, directing inquiry into the
expediency of enlisting an Aimy corps to watch
and defend our territory bordering on the Cana-
dian Aoiitier; which were referred to the Com-
mittee. on Foieign Relations.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of Acting
Assistant Surgeons in the United States Army,
praying that they may be placed on the same
looting as Assistant Surgeons of Volunteers, so
lur at least as regards pay and allowances; winch
was ipferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of G°orge
B. Cheever and others, citizens of New Yoik,
praying for the passage of a law to secure a re-
publican form of government, and abolish and
forever prohibit siaveiy in the United States;
which was referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition or' Geot «;c
J. Stubblcfieid praying payment for chewing to-
bacco delivered by him to the United States at
Atlanta, Georgia, and issued to the army under
General Sherman; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Major
General E. 0. C. Ord and others, officers in the
service of the United States with the army of the
James, praying for an increase of pay to Army
officers; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of ordnance ser-
geants stationed at the various fortifications with-
in and around the city of Washington, praying
for an increase of the pay of ordnance seigeants;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented fifteen petitions of officers in
the service of the United States in the army of
the James, praying for an increase of the pay of
Army officers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Alfairs and the Militia.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of James
Guthiie, president of, the Louisville and Nash-
ville Railroad Company, and D. Ricketts, pres-
ident of the Jeffersonville Railroad Company,
praying for an amendment of the law authorizing
the construction of bridges across the Ohio river
so that their companies may be allowed to con-
struct a railroad bridge at the head of the falls of
the Oh io fifty-four or fifty-six feet above low-water
mark, without the required span of three hundred
feet, and ihat it be made a postal route for the Uni-
ted States mail; which was refened to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
commissioned officers of the fourth brigade, first
division, twenty-fourth Aimy corps,praying for
an increase of the nay of Army officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Mihtia.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorialof a
committee appointed at a meeting of the clerks
representing the several bureaus of the Treasury
Department, putymg for an increase of fuilaiy;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked,and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
369) for the relief of the occupants of the lands of
the mission of San Jose, in the State of Califor-
nia; which was read twice by its title, refci icd
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS also asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introducea hill (S. No.
370) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro\ ule
for the betterorgamzation of Indian afTaiis in Cal-
ifornia;" winch was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Aff«.uis, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS also asked, and by unanimous
eon sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
371) to regulate the salaries of steamboat inspect-
ors on the Pacific coast of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read twuo by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordeied to be punted.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
372) allowing mileage to the Justices of the Su-
preme Couit of the United States; which was
read twice by us title, and refened to the Com-
j mutt.e on the Judieiaty.
! Mr. RAiMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, lenvf to introduce a bill (S. No.
I 373) to aid in the construction of a telegraphic
i line from St. Cloud, in Minnesota,to the British
| possessions; which was read twice by its title,
i and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
! sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
374) supplemental to an act entitled "An act to
enable the people of Nevada to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States;" which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
jj CREDITS FOR NAVAL ENLISTMENTS,
jl Mr. GRIMES submitted the following rcsolu-
, tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and ed to:
u JltwlvcJ, THkt the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate the number of men enlisted into the rinval
service of the United States? that have been credited upon
the military quotas of the respective States, and upon what
principles, in what mannei, and upon what evidence such
credits weie made.
COTTON CAPTURED AT SAVANNAH.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
appropriating the avails of the hales of such cotton captured
at Savannah as may be confiscated to the United States
among the officers and men composing the army of General
Sherman, on principles analogous to those adopted in the
distribution of pnze money in the naval service.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the prior orders,
if there are any, be postponed with a view that
the pension appropriation bill may be now con-
sidered.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 597) making appropriation for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate t|ie following sums for
the payment of pensions for the yearending June
30,1866: for invalid pensions under various acts,
$4,000,000; for revolutionary pensions, per acts
of March 18, 1818, May 35, 1828, June 7, 1832,
third section ofactof July 7,1838, March 3,1843,
June 17,1844, February 2, and July 29,1848, and
second ssectmn act of Febi uary 3,1853, $230,000;
for pensions to widows, mothers, children, and
sisteis, under the first section of the act of July
4, 1836, act of July 21, 1848, first section of the
act of February 3, 1853, June 3, 1858, and July
14, 1862, $7,000,000.  
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
And he it further enacted, That the following sums be,
and the same'are hereby, appropriated to supply deficien-
cies m the appiopriations lur the piesent fiscal year:
Tor the payment of pensions under the acts ot Match 18,
3818, May 15,1828, June 7,1832, the thild section ot the act
of July 4, 1836, July 7, 1838, June 17, 1844, March 3, 1843,
February 2, and Julv29,1848, and the second section of tlie
act of Fcbiuat^ 3, 18.~)3, $6o,U00.
For the paynientof pensions under the first section of the
act of July 4~ 1833, act of July 20, 18-18, thefust section ot
lite at t or Ft:biu.ny 18o3, June 3,1858, and July 14,1862,
>*.f>00,000.
Before action is had upon this amendment I
will ask the Secretary to read two letters explain-
ing the reason of this very large deficiency in pen-
sions.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, December 10,1864.
Sir: I have the honor to ttan^mit to you, heiowith, a
copy of a communication addte^-ed to the Depaitment on
the 6th mutant, by the CommisMoner of Pennon*, relative
to the state of the appropriations toi the payment of invalid
and other pensions duiing the pietist fi-ealjeai; liom
which it will be perceived that a l.u^o deficiency exi-t",
winch it is very debit able should be piovided for at as eai ly
a day In the session as may be practicable.
I h.tve, theiefore, the hotiui to lecominend the following
additional appropriations for the service of tiie piesent fiscal
year, namely:
To Hipply a deficiency in the appropriations for the pay-
ment of petitions under the nets of March 18, 1818, May
15, 1828, June 7, 1832, thud section act July 4,1836, July 7,
1838. June 17, 1844, Maich3,1843, Februai} 2 and July 29,
lb 18, <iud f-ecoud -fiction act Febtuary 3,1853, £63.000.
Underact5? fii-.t -ectton July 4,1836, Jul) 21,1848, first
section Frbtiury3, lt>,',3, and the acts of June 3,1858, and
July 14, 3 8o2. £3..r)00,lK)0.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient
servant' J. P. U8IIER, Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee on Pi-
nance, Senate of the United States.
Department of tiie Interior,
Plnsion Office, December 6, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to state that the additional com-
pensation to agents for paying pen-ions provided by tiie
act of June 30, 1861, (page 32f>.) h payable out of the ap-
propriation tor paying pensions allowed to soldiers m the
jevolutionajy war, and to their widows.
The amount of apprnpnatioms under those acts remain-
ing unexpended «n the oOrh day of June, 1864, was $171,-
432 31. The amount tli.it ha< been aheady diawn fioin the
Treasmy to Deceinbei 1. lr-64, is $105),SOU, leaving for the
seivice o! the succeeding seven months $62,132 31.
It is estimated that there will be requned for this fiscal
year $"330.X'O; making a deficiency under tliece acts the
sum of .-av 000.
The ainou.it of unexpended appiopriation to pay pen-
sion*, under the various acta, loi widows, chikhen. moth-
er, and sisrci-* m ihe wnis subsequent to the Revolution
was, on the 30th day of June, 1864, $891,622 31. Add
