SSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY" F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress. 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1865.
New Series No. 8.
appropriation lor the cuiront year, $2,200,030, Total for
seivtce of the pie-sent year, $3,091,62:2 31. During the five
months to December 1, 1864, tlieie has been drawn from
the Tieusury $2,927,165 23, leavingon hand §164,457 08,
which will piobably be exhausted by the middle of January
next.
The estimates of this class of pensioners for the fiscal
year 1863-64 wete ba^ed on the 4,820 already on the rolls
and 11,000 to he added dining the year, amounting to
$3,700,000. On the 30th June, 1864, there were actually
on the rolls 23,433 pensioners, making the addition of new
pensioners neaiiy double the estimates. The estimates lor
new pensioners for 1864-65 were 10,000, but the actual
number for five months to Decembei 1,1864, is 9,008, show-
ing that there will bo a large deficiency in theappiopuation,
and not less probably than $3,c,00,000.
In view of these facts I have respectfully to ask that an
additional appropriation may be requested of Congress for
llie service of the pics'Mit fiscal ye.u, a^ follows:
Under acts March IS, 1813, May 13. 1S23, June 7, 1832,
third section July 4, 1836, July 7, 1838, June 17, 1841,
March 3, 1813, February 2, and July 09, 1818, and second
section February 3, 1833, $63,000. Under acts first section
July 4, 1833, July 21, 184B, first section Februaiy 3, 1833,
June 3, 1858, anO July 14, 1832, $3,500,000.
In order to give time to the agents to make their arrange-
ments and to i emit the money "from the Treasury, the ie-
qnisitions are made during the first week in February for
the payments due on the 4ih of Maich lollowmg. As there
will be no appropriation from which to pay widows' pen-
sions at that semi-annual payment, it is deniable that this
deficiency be piovided for at an early period of the sesbion
of Congress.
Very lespertfnllv, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH II. BARRETT, Commissioner.
Hon. J. P. Usiier, Sccietary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
FREEDOM OF SOLDIERS' FAMILIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
business of the mornin^iour, the unfinished busi-
ness of the Senate at its last adjournment was Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 82, to encourage enlist-
ments and to promote the efficiency of the military
forces of the United States, which is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole; the
pending question being on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be referred.
I ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. Let the resolution be read at
length to give the Senate an understanding of what
it is.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire simply to say that
this resolution in substance has been three times
reported, has been debated in the Senate, and was
debated at the last session. I hope it will be re-
ferred to no committee, but that we shall pass it
at the earliest possible moment. Since its intro-
duction here, i have received letters from officers
in the Army, and persons who are engaged in re-
cruiting, ail approving and indorsing the idea em-
bodied in it. I do not wish to detain the Senate
by discussing the question at this time. If Sena-
tors will refei to the Globe, they will find that it
was debated for hours at the last session of Con-
gress, and fully debated. I hope now for action
instead of words.
Mr. DAVIS. If I recollect aright, when this
subject was last before the Senate, one of the
Senators from Delaware took the floor and occu-
pied it, when the Senate adjourned, on that sub-
ject. That is my recollection. I do not feel con-
fident that such is the state of facts. I will thank
the Clerk to inform the Chau whether I am right
or not. If I am right in my recollection, I would
suggest that this lesolution be laLd over until to-
morrow, to enable that Senator to get into his
seat. I know he wishes to he heard on the sub-
ject, and has made preparation to make a speech.
1 hope, if that be the fact, that the courtesy will
be extended to him of continuing the subject over
until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know whether that
be the fact or not. If it be so, I certainly do not 1
desire to take the floor from the Senator from Del- I
aware. A motion has been made, however, to i
8
commit the resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary; the yeas and nays have been ordered,
and I hope we shall take the vote and have that
matter out of the way. Let us decide that mo-
tion one way or the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall vote to refer this
joint resolution to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and my reasons are very simple and very
direct. The Senate has already passed a propo-
sition to amend the Constitution of the United
States, so as to put an end to the slavery question,
in all its forms, by an amendment of the funda-
mental law of the land, which is above Congress,
above the Supreme Court, and above the Presi-
dent; and which when once established, no change
of Presidents, no change of the decisions of the
Supreme Court, and no change of the legislation
of Congress can affect at all. That measure, sir,
which passed the Senate at the lastsession, is now
pending in the Iiouseof Representatives; and, as
I am informed—and I believe the Journals of the
House show it to be so—next Monday is fixed
as the day upon which that House is to act. Of
course I do not know what will be the decision
of that House; but I have strong hopes, and, I
think, good reasons to believe, that the House of
Representatives will adopt that proposition. It
will at once, if adopted by the House, be sub-
mitted to the Legislatures of the several States,
and passed upon undoubtedly during the present
winter, before the adjournmentof the Legislatures
in the Spring; and thus the vexed question, and
the whole of it, will be disposed of and put outside
of Congress, and outside of its power or con-
trol, and there will be an end to the agitation of
the question.
Why, Mr. President, although perhaps at the
last session some of the members of the Dem-
ocratic party in the House of Representatives
wore disposed to resist the adoption of this con-
stitutional amendment, I have good reason to
believe that some of them, at least, will favor it
now, for when Jefferson Davis himself, with his
cabinet and the press at Richmond, recommend
the abandonment of the institution of slavery in
the southern confederacy, why should the De-
mocracy in the northern States haveany reason to
hold on to it any longer? Sir, they will have no
reason for it and no excuse for it, and I believe
that the proposition will triumph, and when it
tiiumphs here in Congress I have just as little
doubt that it will receive the sanction of three
fourths of the States; and when that is done, this
great question, the cause of all our troubles, the
question which, like sin, has brought into this
our paradise " death and all our woe," covering
the land with blood and ashes, will be finally set-
tled,and settled forever, by the supreme judgment
of the great American people, expressed in the
constitutional form, by an amendment to the Con-
stitution itself.
I therefore hope that my honorable friend will
consent to allow this resolution to be referred to
the Judiciary Committee, that the House of Rep-
lesentatives may pass on the main question, and
let us not be all the while disturbing ourselves
with the mere incident, but let the whole question
pass from Congress and go to the Legislatures
and to the people of the country, and be settled
at once and forever. Hence I shall vote for the
motion to rGfer.
Mr. President, there is one other suggestion I
wish to make. There are those who seriously
doubt whether we have the constitutional power
to do what is now proposed by this measure.
Among our friends—just as earnest friends of our
cause, and opposed to slavery as much as my
friend from Massachusetts—there are those who
seriously doubt whether you have the constitu-
tional power to pass this resolution in the form in
which it is placed; but no one can have any doubt
that it is constitutional to amend the Constitution.
All can agree in that, when perhaps this, pressed
to a vote, might produce a division among the real
friends of freedom in the cuuntiy.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I certainly can-
not consent to have this resolution referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary without the vote of
the Senate to do so; I cannot agree to it. -The
Senator from Wisconsin tella us that there is an
amendment to the Constitution pending; that he
has strong hopes that it will pass the House of
Representatives on Monday next or next week.
Well, sir, I had hoped that that measure would
pass next week; I have more doubt about it now;
but whether it passes or not the Senator from
Wisconsin knows, and we all know, that it cannot
and will not become apart of the Constitution for
many months; I think not for abouttwo years, at
least, and it may be three or four years; certainly
not within the next eighteen months.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. During the next spring.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is very much
mistaken. The fact is, sir, that the Congress of
the United States, at the last session, did decide
that the man who would enlist in the armies of
the United States should be free, free forever,
free by the fiat of the Government of the United
States, ff anybody doubts the constitutionality
of that law, let him test it. Now, sir, the wife
and the children of the men we have made free
are held as slaves. We had the evidence, at the
last session of Congress, how they were treated
in Missouri, from Army officers. The facts were
presented to the Senate, and shocked the sense of
humanity of every man who heard the recital, or
who read what was going on there. What we
had then in Missouri has been doubled and trebled
since, and the wrongs and the outrages that have
been perpetrated during the last year upon the
wives and children of the soldiers who are fight-
ing the battles of the country, if known to the
peoph; of the country, would shock their human-
ity and their sense of justice.
Of the power to do this I do not entertain a
doubt, and the most eminent lawyers of this coun-
try concur in this opinion. We may and prob-
ably shall have to pay for them. The masters
may have a claim against the Government. They
will no doubt come here with the claim, and it
may be that the claim will be fully allowed,-though
of course I cannot say how that will be; the claim
is an open one; but ! have no doubtof our power
to pass this resolution, and I think we should not
hesitate a moment in doing so at a time when we
want soldiers, when we are calling for men to
join the Army, when we are pressing the want of
men upon the country. We read already—the
Senator has referred to it—what is taking place
in the rebel States, what Jefferson Davis proposes,
what the Richmond papers propose, to give free-
dom to the slaves, and to give them an interest in
lands. They who commenced this revolution for
the purpose of making' slavery eternal now in
their necessities are talking about making slaves
freemen to fight the battles of the rebellion 1 I think
that we owe it to the country, we owe it to the
cause of the country, to liberty, to justice, and to
patriotism, to offer every inducement to every
black man who can fight the battles of the coun-
try to join our armies. You have offered him
his freedom, and he is to go and leave his wife
and children to the tender mercy of others. Wife
and children appeal now to him not to go and
abandon them. Make that wife and those chil-
dren free and they will appeal to him to enroll his
name among the defenders of the country to win
his own liberty and theirs.
Now, sir, this is a simple, plain proposition.
It is before the Senate; it has been considered
many days in this Congress, and I hope it will not
now be again referred to a committee, but that we
shall consider it and pass it promptly.
Mr. DAVIS. I am happy to see my friend
fiom Delaware in his place, and as he is now in
his place, I withdraw the suggestion which I made
a short time since that the resolution should be laid
over, in courtesy to him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, when this
resolution of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts was presented to the Senate it was my
intention to address the body on the subject; and
it is still my intention to do so, not to-day, how-
ever. I understand that the pending proposition
