1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
cessities compelled an internal tax to aid in the
prosecution of the war has to so great an extent
the indorsement of the country.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommends it
now,although formerly opposed to it. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue strongly recom-
mends it as the most available means of increas-
ing our revenue, which they both urge upon us
as a duty to provide. We are still engaged in
prosecuting the war for the restoration of the
JJnion, hence our duty is a plain one to enact
such laws as will secure the means of carrying it
on successfully. The people are ready and will-
ing to respond to any levies that may be neces-
sary for us to make upon them by law for this
patriotic object. I hope, Mr. Chairman, this
measure will be adopted by both Houses of Con-
gress, believing fully that it will prove an effi-
cient method of raising money.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the tax bill, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill close in five
minutes after the committee shall resume thecon-
gideralion of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union*
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itselfinto the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being bill of the House No. 744,
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, " approved June 30, 1864.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That unmanufactured bread&tuffs shall be ex-
empt fiom the operation of this tax.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to add "and provisions."
Mr. ALLISON. I modify my amendment in
that respect.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GUIS YVOLD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out section four,and inserting as a substitute
for it the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I ask for a division of the
question on striking out and inserting.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will first be
on the motion to strike out.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I move to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That all sales of breadstuff's and provisions
winch are sold by the original manufacturers and pro-
ducers shall be exempted from this tax.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
That unmanufactured breadstuff's shall be exempt from
the operation of this tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that that amendment has been already rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment before
proposed covered breadstuff's and provisions.
This amendment is confined tobreadstuffs alone.
The Chair thinks it is in order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide that sales shall be taxed
where the amount does not exceed $200. '
Mr. KASSQN. Sales are not proposed to be
taxed where they do not exceed $1,000.
Mr. RADFORD. My amendment is to tax
all sales over $200, irrespective of license.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the following as a sub-
stitute:
That from and after the 1st day of April, 1865, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid, on all sales of produce and
merchandise and other articles, including all personal prop-
erty, but not including bullion or com of any description,
nor securities for money, evidences of debt, nor sales made
^t auction, one halt' of one per cent, wheie the amount of
such sales exceeds fifty dollars in any one month, the
amount of sales to be returned by the vendor monthly, in
the same manner and at the same time as is provided by
law for the returns of manufactures; and all the provis-
ions of the act to which this act is an amendment relating to
the assessment and collection, and to the enforcement of
the law relating to manufactures, shall extend to and be
applied, as far as applicable, to sales of produce and mer-
chandise as aforesaid. This section to remain in force for
the period of one year, during which period no person or
persons who shall be required to pay the tax or duty en-
forced by this section shall be required to pay an additional
license tax or duty where the rate of such license tax or
duty is graduated, under existing law, by the amount of
sales or receipts.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by striking out the words, " but not in-
cluding bullion or coin of any description, nor
securities for money, evidences of debt, nor sales
made at auction."
The amendment to the substitute was rejected.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the substitute by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That all sales of farm products by first and
second holders shall be exempt from the provisions of this
section.
The amendment to the substitute was rejected.
The question was taken on the substitute; and
it was rejected. „
The question recurred on Mr. Boutwell's
amendment.
Mr. KASSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Odell and
Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 56.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to amend the sec-
tion just adopted by adding thereto the following:
Provided, also, That in section lunety-six of the act to
which Ihia is an amendment, wlicie the word twenty oc-
curs it shall be stricken out and the word ten inserted, so
that the duty on coal illuminating oil, refined, and naphtha,
benzine, and benzole, produced by distillation of coal, as-
phaltum, stale peat, petroleum or rock-oil, and all other
bituminous substances used for like purposes, shall be ten
cents per gallon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise toaquestionof
order, that this amendment is not in order at this
time.
Mr. A. MYERS. I cannot see why it is not
in order. Coal oil does not seem to be in order
at any time.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee having
passed by that section, the Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to strike out sec-
tion four.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatquestion has already
been taken and decided in the negative.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the following as a pro-
viso to the section just adopted:
Provided, That there shall be levied and collected from
the vendor on all sales of personal property not goods,
waies, or merchandise, one fourth of one per uent. of each
vendor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask what
kind of personal property is that which is not
comprised in goods, waies, or merchandise?
Mr. BROOKS. Cattle, corn, wheat, beef, pork,
butter, cheese, &c. I do not want the dealers in
merchandise in cities to be taxed alone. I do
not want a man who sells $5,000 worth of cheese
to avoid all taxation.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks was rejected.
The committee rose informally, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution and a
bill of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Resolution (S. No. 42) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint, and for
the completion of said road.
An act (S. No. 407) to authorize the establish-
mentof ocean mail steamshipservice between the
United States and China. '
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. HOOPER. I offer the following as an
additional section:
. Sec.—. Jind be it Jurther enacted, That section onchun-
died and ten be amended by inserting after the words " 1st
^ay of July, 1864," the words: "Provided, That on and
after the 1st dayoi July, 1865. in lieu of the rates of duty
deposits and on circulation prescribed by this section, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of one tenth ofoiija
per cent, on the average amount of deposits of money "sub-
jeetto payment by check, draft, or represented by certifi-
cates of deposit or otherwise, and of one fourth of one per
cent, each month upon the average amountof circutatiou is*
sued by any bank, associution,corporatlon, company,or per-
sons ; and fiom and after the 31st day of December, 1865, a
duty of one lialfof one per cent, each month upon the average
amount of such circulation as aforesaid, except that banks
which before Hie 1st day of July, 1865, shall have reduced
the circulation since the 1st of January, 1861, to the extent
of three quarters, shall be subject only on their remaining
circulation to a tax of one twellth ot one per cent, eacir
month. And whenever the outstanding circulation of any
bank, association, corporation, company, or person shallbe
reduced to an amount not exceeding five per cent, of the
chartered or deciated capital, when the same was issued,
said circulation shall be free from taxation ; and whenever
any State hank or banking association has been converted
into a national banktng association, and such national
banking association has assumed the liabilities of such
State bank or banking association, including the redemp-
tion of its circulation, or in case a national banking asso-
ciation shall become the owner or possessor of the assets
of any State bank that ba*Mmendm dits charter or ceased
to exit-t, or shall become liable for the redemption of the
circulation of any State bank, such national banking asso-
ciation shall be held to make the required return and pay-
ment on such circulation outstanding, so long as it shall ex-
ceed five percent, of tiie capital while it existed as a bank
or-banking association j" and by Inserting before the
words " nor to any savings bank " the words nor to trust
companies which shall ledeive no deposits subject to pay-
ment by check or drait."
Mr. BROOKS., I rise to a point of order, that
this is substantially the same amendment which
has already been rejected by the committee.
Mr. HOOPER. This is an additional section,
and has never been offered before. Some parts
of this amendment were not in the former amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. In order to bring it within
the rules, the Chair holds that it must be literally
the same amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, is not this substantially the
former amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. KERNAN. I would ask if tHis mode of
tearing legislation through is very commenda-
ble.
Mr. HOOPER. Several members on this side
have said that they misunderstood the question
when it was presented before.
Mr. G-ANSON. Do thosegentlemen intend to
vote against it ? 1 do not suppose that anybody
has changed the other way.
Mr. HOOPER. I think that some of the gen-
tlemen on the other side may have changed their
opinions after sleeping on the subject.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Chairman, this amend-
ment is substantially the same proposition that
has been before this House over and over again.
What is the reason of this persistenteflort of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoofer,}
at the last session and at this, not only to build
up a system of banks which shall enjoy special
advantages under the national law, but to strike
out of existence at one blow, without any rea-
sonable time for a change, State institutions which
are interwoven with business of the country, and
which, if we may relyupon the testimony of in-
telligent bankers and business men of all parties,
cannot be stricken down without great detriment
to the best interests of the business community?
The State banks are now paying more than two
per cent, a year on their circulation and deposits.
They labor under great disadvantages as com-
pared with the national banks. They are liable
to heavy State taxation. Owing to the policy
adopted toward them by our legislation heretofore
they will doubtless be obliged to change their
plan of operations and come under the national
system. Why should we not allow the change
to go on gradually? Why should we seek to in-
augurate hostile legislation against a very large
amount of capital, against a numerous class of
business men, and against institutions whieh th 
States have clearly the right to incorporate? The
harmony and good feeling which should exist be-
tween the Federal Government and the Legisia-.
tures of the various States will be greatly marred,
by this endeavor to strike down these State instl-
