880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT.
tut ions, the capital invested in which is being
beneficially employed in the business of thecoun-
try. .
This House has again and again declared its
judgment on this question. This proposition re-
ceived buta very small vote yesterday. The chair-^
man of the Committee of Ways and Means ex-"
pressed himself strongly as to the evils which
would result from this harsh legislation, as he
justly termed it. I hope that the House will not
to-day contradict its deliberate judgment declared
yesteiday. The continued agitation of this vio-
Jentattack upon the banking systemof theStates
cannot do any good. To impose, as proposed in
this amendment, a tax of six percent, per annum
upon the circulation of these State institutions is
equivalent to saying that they shall be destroyed
after the lapse of six months.
1 trust, sir, that the committee will adhere to
the opinion which it clearly and deliberately de-
clared yesterday, as well as on former occasions
when efforts ot this kind have been made. It
seems to me that it is due to ourselves that we
should show that no member can succeed in carry-
ing through, by mere pertinacity and persistence,
a proposition like this, so sweeping and so de-
structive to the business interests of the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move, pro forma, to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. An amendment in many respects similar
to tliis was, on my motion, adopted by this House
at the last session. In the Senate it was stricken
out, or rather so modified as to take away its
effect. The present Secretary of the Treasury,
then the chairman of the Finance Committee of
the Senate, opposed the amendment adopted by
the House. That gentleman has since become
convinced of the necessity of changing these State
banks into national institutions. He then an-
nounced from his seat in the Senate, giving the
people of the country fair warning, that if they
did not convert their State banks into national
institutions he would at the next session favor
legislation similar to that now proposed here.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 rise to a question of older.
The gentleman has no right to lug in the debates
of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not talking about
the proceedings of the Senate, but I am merely
replying to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kernan ]
Mr. GANSON. I rise to another question of
order. The gentleman is notconfining his remarks
to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that the amend-
ment will be adopted. Sufficient time has been
taken up with the discussion of this subject. We
are all acquainted with the bearings of the prop-
osition. 1 hope that the amendment will be
adopted without further delay. 1 know that mem-
bers were absent yesterday when the vote was
taken. Those members are now here. I suppose
some members, as was stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, were not advised of the na-
ture of the question when they voted. Let us
have a fair test in the committee of taxing the
State banks out of existence or compelling them
to be metamorphosed into national banks.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, had I
been a member of this House when this national
banking system was adopted, with the little knowl-
edge 1 have on banking, I would have voted
against it; but the system has been adopted
through the wisdom of Congress,and has become
one which is favored not only by the country gen-
erally but is highly favored" by the Department
having our finances in charge.
It is very clear to me that both systems cannot
exist together; that this great national banking
system having been adopted as the system of the
country, the State system, if it exists, will come
into collision with the national system and will
prevent its full and perfect play and harmony of
development. In that view, although I have a
good deal of doubt in regard to the amendment,
I have concluded that I shall favor it. I believe
that it will be for the best interests of the country.
I believe that it is called for by those having charge
of our national finances. For one, with the limited
knowledge 1 have on finances, 1 am not able to
oppose such an amendment. Certain timeisgiven,
up to next January, for all State banks now
existing to become national banking institutions.
It is time enough; and I believe that the. policy of
the Government having been established in favor
of the system, we must take measures to prevent
the State system coming into collision with the
national system.
Mr. FARNSWORTH withdrew his amend-
ment. -
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Illinois expressed his desire that we
should take such action as to compel the State
banks to give up their State charters. Does^ he
hold that Congress has a right to destroy institu-
tions which the States have constitutionally^ cre-
ated .' I conceive we may for the purpose of rev-
enue tax.
Mr. WILSON. I make the point of order that
no amendment is pending.
Mr. KERNAN. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, while you are passing a rev-
enue bill here, which it is proper to do, under
cover of that it is proposed to destroy these State
institutions. Can wedestroy railway corporations
which the States have created, by putting a tax
upon them so that they will be compelled to de-
stroy the State charters and take charters from
us ? Is that the doctrine in reference to the legit-
imate rights of the States and of the Federal Gov-
ernment? It seems to me that this is putting forth
a precedent showing that we are disposed to claim
the exercise of a power todestroy the institutions
which the courts have said that the States may
legitimately incorporate. The courts of the Uni-
ted States have decided over and over again that
the States have a right to establish them. ^ My
friend is a lawyer and knows it. The doctrine in
the early days was.whether the Federal Govern-
ment could incorporate a single bank as a fiscal
agent. I hope that the amendment will be re-
jected. I withdraw my amendment to it.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being bill of the
House No. 744, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864;
and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 212) for the relief of Henry A.
Brigham; and
An act (S. No. 410) to enlarge the port of en-
try and delivery for the district of Philadelphia;
When the Speaker signed the same.
KBWISENAW CANAL BILL.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
known as the Keweenaw canal bill was yesterday
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
MESSAGE FltOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hicket, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
454) supplemental to an act entitled " An act to
annex a part of the State of New Jersey to the col-
lection district of New York, and to appoint an
assistant collector to reside at Jersey City," ap-
proved February 21, 1863; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate be
terminated in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the proposition for taxing
banks in one minute after the committee shall re-
sume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion ,was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being bill of the House No.
744, to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864.
Mr. GANSON. As the law now stands, the
local banks of the city of Buffalo pay a tax of
about six per cent, upon their capital—two tothtf*
Government and four for local purposes. It the
pending proposition is adopted, all the banking
capital of the State of New York will be entirely
withdrawn from local taxation. I say, therefore,
that no gentleman who has the interest of the peo-
ple of his own locality at heart will favor this
amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Hooper,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper
and Kernan were appointed.
The committee divided, in the midst of much
confusion, and the tellers disagreeing on the
count,
The CHAIRMAN ordered new tellers, and
appointed Messrs. Ganson, and Washburne of
Illinois.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section:
jSni be it further enacted, That every national banking
association, State bank, or State banking association, shall
pay a tax of ten per cent, on the amount of notes of any
riiate bank or State banking association paid out by them
after the Jfst day ot January, 1866.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words " State bank-
ing association" where they last occur the words
" or national banking association, "so that the tax
shall be imposed upon all bills of any State bank
or national bank paid out. The " amendment
merely imposes a tax upon banks which payout
State bank bills. I want to include all bills.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed.
Mr. MORRfLL. As the gentleman from New
York has spoken in favor of his amendment to the
amendment, it is but just that the gentleman from
Iowa should have an opportunity to reply. After
that i shall insist that all debate be closed.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from New
York but a few moments ago said that the re-
newal of this proposition, after the expression of
the committee yesterday, was trifling with the
committee. In thesamespeech he told us thatany
interference with the circulation of State banks
would interfere materially with the business of
the country. Now, sir, he proposes not only to
interfere with State bank circulation, but also to
cut off the circulation of national banks, i sub-
mit that, according to the gentleman's own argu-
ment, he is trifling with the committee in propos-
ing this amendment.
Mr. KERNAN. I am not in favor of this prop-
osition; but if we are to tax these bills ten per
cent. 1 propose that it shall be on all the bills of
all banks.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman has told us
that a tax of this kind would drive outof circula-
tion the notes of the State banks and would in-
terfere with the business of the country. And
now he proposes todriveoutof circulation also the
notes of the national banks, and thus interfere to a
greater degree with the business of the country.
Sir, the proposition which I have submitted is
simply this: it permits the present system of taxa-
tion upon the circulation of State banks to con-
tinue until the Istday of January, 1866; and after
that time, upon all notes paid out by State banks,
or national bgmksand issued by State banks, there
shall be. a tijfk of ten per cent., in order to retire
from circulation, and thus diminish the volume
of our currency, notes issued by State hanks or
banking associations. It is a proposition to per-
mit the present system to remain up to that time,
giving abundant time even to the banks of Penn-
sylvania to comply with the provisions of the
statute of that State in winding up their affairs,
