"the official proceedings of congress, published by g. & j. hives, washington, p. c.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1865.
New series;...,No. 56<
and prepare to take their places under the na-
tional system, it' they are to continue the business
of banking. _ '
The question now being upon Mr. ICernan's
amendment to the amendment,
. Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ganson,
and Washburnb of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 4&, noes 61.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The-question recurred on Mr. Wilson's amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOMALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson
and Prwyst were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers^-eported
—ayes 64, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend on page
38 by striking out in line four the word " six"
and inserting "twelve" in lieu thereof; so that
the section will read:
Sec. 5. Jlni, he it further enacted, That there shall be
levied,'collected, and paid on all crude petroleum or rock-
oil that may be produced or sold, or removed for consump-
tion or sale, a-duty of twelve cents on each and every gal
Ion, &*c.
Ma-. .Chairman, when the original system of
internal revenue was adopted it was plain that
the article >of high wines could not stand a tax of
more than twenty cents per gallon, and the com-
mittee finally fixed that as the amount of tax
to be imposed upon the production of domestic
liquors throughout the United States.
The manufacturers of thatarticle supposed that
that would destroy the business; but instead of
destroying the business it gave an increased im-
petus to the manufacture of high wines. The
tax was afterward increased to sixty cents per
gallon., and still the manufacture of high wines
contintied., until Congress put upon it a tax of
two dollars per gallon, which it is calculated will
yield to .the Government a revenue qf $80,000,000.
Now, sir, here is thearticle of petroleum, which
is produced with less cost and less labor than the
article of high wines, and which is proposed to
be taxed only six cents a gallon. Here is an ar-
ticle which, m the time of our country's need,
seems to have been produced by Providence, in
its wisdom, in this great emergency, which can
pay- the national debt and maintain the national
tredit if we tax it as we ought to do.
Sit, this article alone ought to yield to the Gov-
ernment, by a tax of twelve cents per gallon, at
least |25,000,000 per year; and that amount this
Congress can get out of it if they will tax it as
they ought to do. The tax would not be mate
riall.y .felt; it would not interfere with consump
tion; and time will show that petroleum itself can
etand a tax of twenty-five cents a gallon without
materially interfering with the consumption of the
article.
I move, then, that the tax be made twelve cents
per gallon, and I hope that the amendment will
foe adopted, and that Pennsylvania will be let con-
tribute, as she can well afford to do, to pay the
national debt and support the national credit.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish the gentleman from
Illinois, having spoken, would withdraw his
amendment and allow me to offer another.
Mr. INGERSOLL. An amendment to my
amendment would be in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. <1 do not want so trifling an
amendment voted on at all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. . Then I shall not with-
draw it, because I desire it to be voted on.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I supposed the gentleman,
was in fun in offering an amendrftent of thiskind.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is where the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is mistaken.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, sir, I will make one
remark, and I do not wish to make it offensively
s,t all to the gentlemen, but I do think, if he is
not jesting now, that before he offers an amend-
ment of that kind he ought to make himself ac-
56
quainted with the subject about which he pro-
poses to legislate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Without being offensive
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 1 will state
that I have made myself familiar with the sub-
ject. . .
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Illinois
has told us that he thinks this article can stand in
the future a tax of twenty-five cents a gallon.
He has made himself well acquainted with the
subject, and he proposes here to put on it a tax of
forty cents per gallon. He says he knows all
about the subject, and thinks that after awhile
it will be able to stand a tax of twenty-five cents,
and therefore he proposes to put on a tax of forty
cents now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I propose a tax of twelve cents, not of
forty.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The tax on refined rock-
oil (for I never use the pompous term " petro-
leum;" my own language is good enough for
me) is, by the law of last session, twenty cents
a gallon. The gentleman now proposes to put
on twelve cents a gallon more, which is equal to
twenty cents more on the refined article—the
article used by the people—making forty cents
per gallon. I thought it probable that the gentle-
man did not consider that part of it; and that was
why I made the remark, in which 1 did not de-
' rn lt> be personal at all.
I think,Mr. Chairman, it was Burke whocom-
plained that the English minister of finance did
not distinguish between taxation and revenue. If
you pass this section, not as the gentleman from
Illinois proposes to amend it, but even as it has
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, the American people can, with propriety,
make the same complaint of us. The tax pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
would leave a.tax of .thirty cents a gallon on re-
fined rock-oil for home consumption. When that
article comes in competition with the oil refined
from coal, which only pays a tax of fifteen cents,
and which only needs an advantage of from three
to five cents in the market to undersell it, the rev-
enue from that source will be destroyed altogether.
The people will study economy in the use of the
article. You will introduce everywhere its do-
mestic competitor, candles,and its manufactured
competitor,coal-oil; and you will find, when Con-
gress meets next session, that the Commissioner
of Interna? Revenue will report a diminished
amount of revenue, although you will have im-
posed the increased vexation to the people of a
double assessment, a double collection, and a
double inspection.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting three cents a gallon instead of
twelve. I certainly did think, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soll] was in fun when he offered his amend-
ment. 1 thought so because I had been impressed
with the very good-humored countenance which
that gentleman wore while he was making his
speech. The gentleman from Illinois should rec-
ollect that when the question of a duty on pam-
phlets, magazines, and American poets a.nd poet-
esses, was up, we were extremely liberal to him.
Now, sir, he has said that this article should pay
a duty of $25,000,000, and ho has referred to the
question of high wines. Does the gentleman
know what the present production of rock-oil is?
Does he call it a manufactured article? Does he
think that because it flows out of the earth some-
times, we get it in pumping wells for nothing?
I ask the gentleman and 1 ask the committee to
aid us in promoting the interests of petroleum.
Its present product is about six thousand bar-
rels a day. At three cents a gallon we will get
a revenue of §1,800,000.
Now, gentlemen will recollect that when you
put a duty upon the crude oil you must double
that amount in order to get at the true tax upon
the refined oil. My colleague [Mr. Scofield]
has said that a duty of twelve cents a gallon on
crude oil is equal to twenty cents a gallon on re-
fined oil. He is certainly, in tny opinion,rather
under than over the'proper estimate. .
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from PMn'-
sylvania [Mr. A. Myers] wilballow me to cor-
rect him. His colleague [Mr. Scofield] said
that a tax of twelve cents on the crude oil'would
be equal to forty cents on the refined oil. ' * ' ■
Mr. A. MYERS. That shows that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. IngersolI] did riot
understand my colleague. It is now twenty cehtts
on the refined oil, and every cent of tax put on
thecrude oil isdoubledon the refined oil; so that,
to put twelve cents on the crude oil would raise
the tax on the refined oil to forty cents a gallon.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen upon this floor to
take into consideration and ascertain whether, by
this kind of legislation, they will increase or de-
crease the revenue by this addition. During the
first year these laws were in operation there was
collected from the article of rock-oil §700,000 of
revenue. During the last year, after you had
raised your tax from ten to twenty cents, the rev-
enue derived from the same source did not amount
to as much as the year before, when the tax was
otilv ten cents a gallon. That is what we told'
Congress last session; and the'facts have"shown
that our predictions were correct. Theoil inter-
est is not asking any favor on this floor. We are
willing to pay our share of the burdens of this
country in putting down this rebellion. If we
could break down the rebellion by turning a flow-
ing oil well upon it, and setting "fire to the pipe,
we would be glad to do it.
It is not proposed, as I understand it, by the
committee to do away with the drawback duty
so f<y as the refined article is concerned, butit is
to be done away with on the crude oil. When
you put this tax of twelve cents upon the crude
article, which amounts to twenty or twenty-five
cents on the refined article, you put that much
extra tax upon it before it is exported to foreign
markets. The committee will see the danger they
are in from foreign competition in foreign mar-
kets.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KASSON. I wish to state in a few words
the motives that hare controlled the Cofnmittee
ofWays and Means in endeavoring to adjust this
tax without prejudice to the great oil-producing
interest of the country on the one hand and the
Treasury of the Government on the other. It is
slated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
A. Myers] that the production of this oil is about
six thousand barrels per day, which in thecourse
of the year will amount to one million eight,hun-
dred thousand barrels, throwing out Sundays and
holidays, and the revenueupon that, at six cents
a gallon, will amount to $4,3-20,000.
Now, it will be observed that the committee
recognize the tax upon the refined article to be
twenty cents a gallon, and propose no increase of
that. It has been found, however, that we liave
been deprived of a very considerable portion of
the revenue to which we are entitled in that way.
It has been deemed best, therefore, to take the arti-
cle at the fountain-head, and impose a low rate of
tax upon the article as it flows from the earth, in
lieu of any enhancement of the tax upon the re-
fined article. We allow no drawback upon the
crude article. It is an excise duty, and there-
fore whether exported or retained,the amountof
the duty is added to the price of the article itself.
We found by our inquiries that by this mode of
retaining the drawback upon the refined article
we leave the markets of Europe open upon per-
haps more advantageous terms than to the for-
eign refiner himself. That does not prejudice the
refiner in respect to the article he exports to
foreign countries. We enhance the tax upon
the crude article, which is levied not only from
our own citizens, but' from the citizens of for-
eign countries. We adopted it in this case be-
cause it was found, in our judgment, after very-
careful inquires, that there was no article pro-
duced abroad that could successfully compete
with the crude article subject to the tax proposed
by the committee. If you enhance that tax, aa
