1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
davis] to icfer this joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 19; as follows:
vk-vs—messrs. buekalew, cowan, davis, doolittlc,
ham-, ricndeifon, llendiicks, [licks, ncsmith, powell,
rieliaulson, saulsbuiy, trumbull, van winkle, arid vvu-
3ct—13.
nays—messr?. hiown, clatk, conncss, dixon, far-
well, font, foster, grimes*, harlan, johnson, lano of in-
diana, morgan, mornil, pomeioy, katnsev, sherman,
sumner, wade, and wilson—19.
a13sunt—mes&is. anthony, car'ile, chandler, colla-
iiin, hale, ilnrding, howard, howe, lane of kaunas,
medougall, kiddle, sprague, ten eyek, wilkinson, and
wiight—15.
So the motion was net agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. saulsbury,] to postpone the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
military service.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
bill No. 583.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. 11. No. 583) to amend the twenty-first
section of an act entitled "An act to define ihe pay
and emoluments of certain ofliceis of the Army,
and for oilier purposes," approved July 17, 1862;
which proposes to amend that section sous to read
as follows:
that any alien, of the a<re of twenty-one yeais and up-
w.ud, who has enlisted or >hali enli.-tjn the aiinies of the
l'mt"d tfcato.-s, either volunteer or legular forces, or in the
naval oi nun me foices, and has been, or shall hereafter he,
lionoiably discharged, may be admitted to becouieacmzen
of the united state-, upon hh petition, without any pre-
vious deel, nation of his in tent ton to become a citizen ot the
united shiti's., and that he shall not be i.'quiied to prove
moiethan onejeai'sresidcnee within the united states pre-
vious to his application to become t-uch citizen ; and that the
tniur admitting r>uch alien pho.ll, in addition to the proof of
ic-idenee and good moial ehai.ietei, as is now piovided by
law, be satisfied by competent proof of such poison having
hoen lionoiably discharged fiom the service of the united
states aforesaid.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as additional sections:
•see. —. Jlnd be it fuither ena<tcd, that it is not within
the intent of the fn-t section of the act of march itfg3,
entitled *;au act to authoii/e tlk' inevetting of volunteer
and othci ofheers in the united stales eeivice," authoriz-
ing tin- president to eonfei luevet lank foi gallant «u turns
and niciitoiiou- conduct, to make a distinction a- to pay
between ulhecif ol volunteer and othei loiees, including
the ic'julai aiim ; but th.tt such hte\ot rank does not en-
title any otli'-ei, <*ithei of tlioieirul.ii aimy oi \olunteoi-.,
to an> inccn-o ot pay ot emoluments.
si,e. —. And he itjuilhei enacted5 that if a soldier, dis-
claimed lot wound-- locivf-d in battle,die be'urc icceiving
the bounty piovided by the act of match .'3, jf'g.i entitled
'•an act to amend an act to authouze the employment of
volunteers," see., the bountj duo t-huli descend to his hens
in the same inannei and onlei of buceossion as if lie had
deal in the seiviee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that there is
any objection to the amendment proposed by the
honorable member from Massachusetts, but it
appeals to me it is rather out of place on this bill.
The bill itself is a bill to naturalize foreigners.
He proposes to msei t an amendment which looks
to brevet rank in the Army. It is always de-
sirable, as everybody knows who has had occa-
sion to consult acts of Congiess, that the laws
should be so framed that we should know by their
titles exactly where to look for them. It seems
to me better, therefore, that the honorable mem-
ber ftom Massachusetts should introduce his
proposition as a scpaiate bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator from
Mary land that the bill, as it comes to us from the
House of Representatives, is a bill to construe a
certain section of another act. Both the sections
of my amendment are of a similar character.
They refer to other acts, and say how they shall
be understood. I thought it was fit that these
propositions should go together. I certainly see
no icason why they should not. This bill, as it
comes from the House of Representatives, simply
provides for putting alien sailors .on the same
footing with alien soldiers, and construes the law
to read hereafter in that form. I simply propose
by this amendment to provide that the act au-
thorizing brevetung shall not be construed to
make any distinction between volunteer officers
and officers of the regulat Army. 1 understand
that lhe>t> lias been some construction of the De-
paitment recently which makes a distinction be-
tween the regular Army and the volunteers. I
am sure none was intended by Congress, and that
none ought to exist.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there can be no ob-
jection to the original bill; that is, to include
among the persons who shall be natuialized by
entering into the service of the United States dur-
ing the war persons serving in the Navy as well
as in the Army. The section which I should ob-
ject to being called upon to pass atthis time more
particularly is the second section of the amend-
ment, that which regulates the descent of the
bounty of a soldier, i have in my possession, but
not here, a letter which I received a couple of
weeks ago from the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury, in which he explains the complexities
there are at this time existing, growing out ofthe
vaiious laws we now have on this subjcct. I
think at the last session of Congioss, or at any
rate during the last two sessions of Congress, we
established by our enactments throe different
methods for the descent of the bounty due to sol-
diers and sailors, lie has sent to me u copy of
a bill which he threw out as suggestions for gen-
tlemen to consider, and I would prefer, if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would assent to it, that
this amendment, or at any rate this second sec-
tion, which lelates to the descent of the bounty,
should be postponed until we can give further con-
sideration to the subject. At present the laws
are very conflicting on that subject, nnd now
there is a different order ofdescentfor the bounty
that is paid to a sailor from that which is paid to
a soldier. They ought to be uniform, and I think
they could easily be made uniform if we had a
few hours to consider the subject.
Mr. WILSON. That being the case, I have no
desire to press the question now. On the sug-
gestion of the Senatoi from Iowa, I am willing to
let the whole subject go over in order to give him
an opportunity to look into it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the subject goes
over I desire to submit an amendment to this bill,
which probably had better be printed, because 1
wish to call the attention of the Senate to it. I
may modify the language; but I will submit it
now so that it may be under consideration:
And he itJurt/icr enacted, that no alien who hasrc'sidod
in the united sr..te-, (or five yr.irs coniiniiouflj' betoie the
19th day of aptii, lfetil, .-hall he nauualizod under the laws
of the united stales alter the 1-a day ol apiil, 1805, any-
thing in any act to the eonli.ny notwjtli-landing.
The idea I wish to embody—perhaps the propo-
sition should be rxpios-si din d ill'ei en I la iigua<:e-~
is tins: th«-i e aie, especially m the large cities, huge
numbers of able-bodied aliens, many of whom
luwe made enoimous fortunes by engaging m
trade, who, the very moment the war biokeoul,
refused to perfect their naturalization, and thus
evaded all military service. Such men ought to he
denied the pimlege hereafter of citizenship. It
is a plain and obvious matter of justice. I want
to provide for that very numei ous class of people
in tins country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the further consideration of this subject
will be postponed until to-morrow.
executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to 'he consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent m executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
thursday, January 5, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. chaining.
The Journal of Thuisday, Decembei 2:2, 1SG4,
was lead and appioved.
coast survey he pout.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, tiansmitting the repoi t ofthe Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1864;
which was laid on the table, and ordeied to be
printed.
trade with rebellious states.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid befoie the IIous< a letter ft<>m the Secretary
of War, tr unarm \ i m** the t <• I AI.i jot Genet a I
E. R. S. Canby, commanding the military divis-
ion of West Mississippi, concerning the purchase
by the United States of the products of States de-
clared to be in insurrection, called for by the res-
olution of the House of Representatives of De-
cember 22, 1864.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that that communication
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that commu-
nication should be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I make that motion. We
have this whole subject before us. A resolution
was introduced by thegentleman's colleague [Mr.
boutwell] instructing the Committee on Military
Affairs to inquire into this whole matter of trade
with the rebellious States. The subject is now
before the committee and is being investigated.
The committee sent a similar inquiry to the Sec-
retary of War, wider in its scope than the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts. The
Secretary determined that he would answer the
whole in reply to the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and so notified us. I think
it proper that the communication should go to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ELIOT. I am inclined to think that the
suggestions of the gentleman from the Military
Committee are correct, and, under the circum-
stances, I shall not object to the reference of the
communication to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I withdraw my motion.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
laws of new mexico.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the laws of the Territory
ofNow Mexico; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
soldiers' pay.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
increase the pay of soldiers of the United States
Aimy, and for other purposes," approved June
20, 1664, and to increase the commutation value
of rations for general and post hospitals; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
coast survey report.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
referted, under the rule, to the Committee on
Punting:
Ilaoli ed, that there bo printed thiee thousand copies of
theieportoi ihe supeiintendent of the coast survey 1'or
the year ifcol; two thousand for distribution by the coast
sntvey and one thousand for the ui?e ofthe membeis of
tliirf house.
bursting op guns.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, that the secretary of the navy be requested
to communicate to this house, so far as he has* knowledge,
what number of^un.s were inust on hoaid out fleet in the
late bombaidment of foit fi>her; on what ships' they were
mounted; the cause of their failure ; the number of per-
sons killed and wounded thereby; and whether any of
vneh guns vveie of unvvrougiit iton construction.
rank of lieutenant general.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Rewired, that the committee on miluiuy allan* be in-
structed to impure into the evpcdiency of piovulm" by law
for ilie appointment of another lieutenant general, to be
selec ted iiom the list of major generals now in the service,
whose rank shall be interior to the. lieutenant general
eotnnirmtini? the aimies, and supeiior to all other officers
iu the seiviee.
Mr. COX. I object.
district courts in missouri.
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to provide for holding courts in the western
district of Missouri, and to prescribe the times
thereof; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
st. joseph, missouri.
Mr. LOAN also introduced, by unanimous con-
sent, ti bill to constitute the city of St. Joseph, in
the State of Missouri, a port of delivery; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
