1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
GOLD BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution
for reference:
Rcsolccd, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
m'-t'tictod to inquire into the expediency of bringing in a
bill to pi event combinations being formed to raise the price
of com and depieciate the value of lawful money ot the
United States.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my" colleague to with-
draw his objection, so that I maybe heard on my
resolution.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speakpr, it will be rec-
ollected that the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
recent annual report, calls the attention of Con-
gress to combinations of men to raise the price
of coin and depreciate the value of the lawful
money of the United States, and asks us to pro-
vide some remedy for the evil. It may possibly
be recollected that on the second day of the ses-
sion I had the honor to introduce a bill which was
designed to accomplish that object. The next
morninir, as soon as the Journal was read, my ex-
cellent friend from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] in an
alarmed and excited manner informed the House
that that bill was fraught with innumerable mis-
chiefs; that it would destroy the interests of the
country. I do not speak exactly as he spoke, lie
said that it would prevent and prohibit importa-
tion. In that 1 think he made a mistake. He
said that it was fraught with all of the evils—not
in thia language—of the fabled Pandora's box.
It was an unheard-of bill,and hemodesily stated
that it was an absurdity. The House, partaking
of the magnetic manner of my fiiend from Maine—
he seemed to be distracted on the subject—and
wishing to escape the evils of this gunpowder
plot, immediately laid it on the table.
Mr. PIKE. 1 wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to the fact that my
collrogue to whom he refers is not now present.
Mr. STEVENS. He is now bitting before me.
[Laughter.] if he had not been piesent I would
not have refened to him. It is because he is
present that I have so freely referred to the gen-
tleman. I mean kindly ail that I have said.
Mr. Speaker, I was saying, when interrupted,
that the House, being magnetized by the excited
manner of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blune,] became alarmed and immediately laid
the biii on the table, without us being presented,
and without a single member having had an op-
portunity to read a word of it. I remember the
gentleman stated that the very announcement of
the bill the day before had raised the price of
gold twelve per cent. He staled that there were
telegrams to that effect. I remember what was
said by the able editors, sciolists who prate
deeply in reference to things of which they know
nothing. 1 know that they repeated what my
excellent friend had taught them. We were told
that it was an anomalous proceeding never heard
of before. It was likened to an effort to icgulate
the course of the planets, to guide the sun and
moon. I remember to have heaid an excellent
friend, in a sotto voce, say that it was like an at-
tempt to make the mcicury in a thermometer
regulate the weather.
Mr. Speaker, all these suggestions, all these
imputations, all the statements that my proposi-
tion was preposterous and absurd, of course had
no effect upon me. I have heard too much of that
in the past to care for it. I disregard all these
imputations. But, sir, it is due to the respectable
gentlemen who, on that occasion, to the number
of fifty or sixty, voted with mo, that I should lay
some facts before this House, and the country, to
rescue them from the imputation of ignorance,
and to expose the ignorance of those who made
the assettions 1 have mentioned, fc-only detain
the House for that purpose.
It will be temembered, Mr. Speaker, by every
member of this House that in 1793 England en-
tered into a war with France, and that finally siie
entered single-handed into a war with the whole
of continental Europe. At that time the Bank of
England was her fiscal agent. The bank for a
whi'o went on prosperously under these cneum-
stanccs, the Bank of England notes being at par
and there being no demand for com vt that time,
as the Government had not fallen into the error of
making a portion of their debt payable in com and
part in paper. But about 1797 there came to be
a continental loan, which England found it acces-
sary to contract with continental nations, and gold
became necessary. Then it was that class of men
called "gold gamblers,"as they are now named,
saw proper in England to combine for the purpose
of raising the price of gold, and in 1809 it wen tup,
I think, to eight or nine per cent., and was going
on; and as the armies of Great Britain wentupoM
the Continent it was necessary to supply them
with gold, which increased the demand and en-
abled these persons to make use of thcirpowor to
raise the price of the article, and in 1810 and 1811
it was at sixteen and seventeen per cent., and
finally at one period, 1 Lhink, it rose as high as forty
per cent.
The British Parliament became alarmed at the
action ofjhis combination,for in 1797, when gold
had become so high, the Government by an Order
in Council restricted and prohibited the Bank of
England from paying cash until after the meeting
of Pailiamrnt, and upon the meeting of Parlia-
ment a law was passed making valid the Older in
Council and piohibiting the payment of coin until
six months after the final proclamation of peace.
And at the same time, although the Bank of Eng-
land notes were not made a legal tender, yet alaw
was passed which took away the remedy by ar-
rest or by distraint of any creditor who refused
to receive Bank of England notes when tendered.
A Bank of England note was not a full tender, as
our note is, but the law piohibited all piocess of
prot< etion in cas-e of a refusal to receive the notes
of the Bank of England.
This took place, as 1 have said, in 1797, hut
still theie was very little rise in the price ofirold
until the time I have mentioned, up to 1809,1810,
and 1811; then, when gold was st nt to subsidize
the armies of Great BiUain in Europe, the gold
gamblers combined to raise the price of gold and
depiess the price of Bank of England notes; and
the wise statesmen of England, sv ho never thought
of attempting to regulate the moon oi stars in the
British Parliament, put their heads together to see
if some lawcould be devised which would correct
this evil and check the i isc in gold.
I remember that Lord Stanhope, then an emi-
nintBntish statesman, was the fiist to move a
bill in 1811 for that purpose, which was support-
ed, not by ignorant men, notby men guilty of ab-
surdities, but by the great Lord Chancellor Eldon,
and by the great financier Vansittau. That bill
passed the British Paihament in 1811. 1 admit
that it was an expeunnnt only, and was limited
to three months after the next meeting of Parlia-
ment, and then it was found to have worked so
beneficially that it was enlarged, and improved,
and reenacted.
Now, if gentlemen will not think that 1 am at-
tempting to expose their want of knowledge, I
will send to the desk and at=k the Chuic to tead
the bills of the British Parliament, which are ex-
act copies of the bill which 1 piesentcd to this
House for a simil.tr purpose,and under the sim-
ilar circumstances of the country.
Before the Clerk reads, however, I will simply
say that 1 looked at the money article in the New
York Tribune to see how much gold lose on the
day that I introduced my bill,and I found the fol-
lowing paragraph in the paper of the 7th of De-
cember:
" Gold opened at 229J, sold up to 232J, and closed at
The leading bu} ers weie < «eeeMi liou-e^,' i ncouiagt.d by
the proposition to p.ohibit the export of gold com."
I see by the same authority that after my bill
was laid on the table, hardly had the knowledge
of it reachcd New York than gold went up to 240,
and remained so for ten days.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] will allow me a word, I
think he will admit the correctness of what I
stated. The gentleman introduced his billon Tues-
day, December 6, near the hour of one o'clock.
The intelligence of it was not known in New
York city, on the street, untilthree o'clock, after
banking and brokeis' hours. The next morn-
ing, when the contents and scope of that bill were
fully made known in Wall street, gold opened at
twelve per cent, advance on the late of the day
before. That advance took place, therefore, sev-
eral hours before the House took action on the
bill on my motion. Now, when the gentleman
speaks of the laying that b. 11 on the table as the
cause of the rise in gold  
Mr. STEVENS. I did notsay it was the cause.
I stated us a fact that the one followed the other.
I do not think either the introduction of the bill,
or the laying it on the table, was the cause of the
rise in gold. I can very well understand how the
gold gamblers could take advantage of that to run
gold'up.
However, I will now proceed to give the House
the facts to which I have referred. I will ask the
Clerk to read the several passages which I have
marked in the books I send to him.
The Clerk accordingly read the following sec-
tions of statutes of Great Britain and Ireland:
" Wiu'ieas it is expedient to enact as hereinafter pro •
vided :
l'JJe it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and
with the advico and covscnt of the LotdiSph iltiut and tempo-
ral, and Commons, in this present Pajliamevt aneml.led, and.
by (he autkoiity of Ike same, That, irom and -liter the pass-
ing of this act, no peison >hail icceive or pay foi any gold
com lawiuilv cmrent within the  ealm,auy more nt vaiuo,
benefit, profit, or advantage, than the tiue lawful value
which Mich gold com doth or shall hy it-denotniuauon im-
port, whether such value, benefit, piofil, or advantage be
paid, made, or taken m lawlul money, or in any note or
notes, bill oi bill* of the governor and company of ihe Bank
ot England, or in any silver token or token* issued by the
said governor and company, or by any or all ot the said
mean-, wholly or partly, or by any other means, device,
shift, or connivance whatevei; and every person who ahull
oli'end hciein shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mis-
demeanoi
u II. J] ml be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That no poison tdiall hy anv mean-*, device, fhut, or con-
trivance whatsoever, receive or pay any note or note®, bill
oi bill-' of Use governot and company ot the Dunk ot Eng-
land lor h"-s than the amount ot lawful money expressed
thciem, and to be thereby made payable, except only law-
ful di*eouut on such note or hill as bhall not lie expressed
to be pa} able on demand ; and eveiv person who >hall offend
herein f-hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mi-de-
meanor."
4i VI. Provided ahcayi. and be it fattker cnact<-dy That
this act t-hall continue and be in toiee to and until the 25th
day ol March, ibJ-i, and no lotigei." (24ih July, 1811.)
" Wheieas an act pa-sod in the fifty-fir>t year of the
reign ol !hs pie-ent Maje-ty entitled 'An net lbi making
mote ell" etual piovi-non foi pieventing the ennent gold
coin of i he realm hom being p ud oi accepted foi a greater
value than the cunent value ol such coin; lor pioventmg
any nolo oi bill of the govcinoi and company of the Dank
of England ftom being received lor any Mnaller sum than
the turn theiem ?peeiued; and for staying piocccding* upon
anv disne^a by tender ol such notesami wberea.-> it ex-
pedient that the wudacl-hould be continued and amended
and extended to Ireland:
" Be it therefore enoded by the .King's most excellent ma-
jesty, by and icitk the adi ice and conicvt of the Loids spirit-
ual'and tcmpoi al, and Commons, in this / resent Parliament
assembled, and by the aidhoiily of the same, That, ftom and
alter the parsing ot this, act, no'per.-on shall lecmve oi pay
foi any gold com lawfullycruremwithni the United King-
dom anv moie in value, hem-tit, piofit, oi advantage than
the tiuc'lawlul value which bitch gold com dnlh ot shall hy
Us denomination impoit, win User t-ueh value, benefit, pi of.
it, or advantage be paid, made, or taken in lawlul monej',
or if paid or taken m Gieat Britain in any note ot note*,
hill oi InlSot the governor and company of the Dank of
England, or in any Mlvei token oi token*, i-*ued hy the -aid
goveinoi and company, (a il paid or taken m Ireland iu
any note or note*, bill oi bill- ot the govetnoi and company
of ihe Dank of Ireland, oi in any .-ilvet token or tokens
is-ued bv ihe -aid last-mentioned govcinoi and company,
or b\ any oi all of the bind means, wholly or partly, or by
any otheunieans, device. shift, or contrivaneew hat-never;
and e\eiy prison who s-hall offend herein shall be deemed
find adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and b  irig thereof
convicted hy due coui-e of law, .-hall Mifler MX momlia'
impugnment, and find Miietie-s lor Jin or bei good boha-
vioi tor one year mote, to be computed fiom the end of t! to
caid mx- month-; and i! the same per>on shall nitenvards
1)° convicted a second tune of ihe I ike ofleuise. such prison
chall, tor such bceond offense, -uffer one ve:ii'=s impugn-
ment. and find -aueties tor his or hei good behavior foi one
year imue, to be computed ftom the end ot the >a.d last-
mentioned jem ; and if the h.nne peir-ou -hall afterwards
ofleii'l aiiain-t tin- net, and shall hy du.4 couise of law he
convicted oi any fcub-eqiient offence, he or she shall be
impiJ.-oned lot the teim of two yeaia for every such subse-
quent olienv .
" If jlnd be it hereby further enacted, i hat if anv per-
son idiall be convicted of leceivmgoi paynigauy Miehgoid
com, conn aiy m tire .-aid te< ifed act or tin.-s net, and ^ii ill
after wa id- be guilty of the 'ike often-e, the clei k ot lite a--ize
orcletk of the peace foi the county, city, oi place u heie
such conviction \vay ^o had, t-hall, at the lequc^t of the
pio-ecutor oi nnyothet pcis-on on ln-Maje-ty5> b< half.cer-
my such conviction, !oi winch certificate two - lulu mi-a ml
Hvpencc, and no nunc, >iiail he paid; and -atoll ceirdieate
being ptodueed in court shall be yuftkicnt proof of such
foiniei conviction "
V. Jlnd be it fin the r enacted, Thar no person -hall,by
any dev.ee, Mult, oi connivance whatsoevoi, re-
ceived pay in Great Bumm any note or note--, bill oi bills
of the <io \'"i nmid company ot the Bann ot England, oi re-
ceive oi pij m Ireland any note or note^, bill or bills of
the goveinoi and company of the lniukot In-land, foi le-a
than the amount ot lawlul money expies-ed ttictem, and to
bu I'm i< !)>• made p.uuble, exeep't oulv lawful di-count ou
-uch note < r hill a- .-liall not be e\'pre^-ed to be ppy.ible on
deiu.u.d . .iiid < v! v per-on who - hall oil'ond l.erejn - hall he
de. mi il and adpulg"d guilt} of a mi demeanor, and bi-mg
con\ leU d b} duo i oui- e ol hiw shall he .subject lea fine of
double the aaiountof the ^um of money ^peeiSed in men
