1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jm
1$&7:
his substitute. I ask him to modify his amend-
ment by striking that out.
Mr. THAYER. I have no objection, if it
were possible, to take the sense of the committee
upon the propriety of striking that out; but really
I have not sufficient data, of my own knowledge,
to adopt the suggestion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. Chairman, I will state briefly to the commit-
tee that the object of my proposition is to exempt
from the operation of the one hundred and third
section (which section the committee will remem-
ber imposes a tax of two and a half per cent, upon
the receipts of cqmmon carriers) sailing vessels,
canal-boats, and canal-barges. I believe that
every one who has examined this subject, and
who knows anything about the operation of the
law upon these interests, must agree that the
operation of this one hundred and third section
upon our sailing vessels, canal-boats, and canal-
barges, and the owners of those methods of trans-
portation, has been very injurious and very un-
just.
If we intend to collect a tax upon shipping we
should collect it in such a manner as shall not
discriminate against our own shipping to the ad-
vantage of foreign shipping and to the prejudice
of our own. If we must tax shipping, let us do
it in the way of a tonnage tax, because by a ton-
nage tax we reach foreign shipping as well as
our own. But this law operates to the prejudice
of our own vessels. It imposes a burden upon
our own which foreign vessels are exempt from;
and upon that account it is unjust and impolitic.
In regard to its operation upon the other in-
terests, canal-boats and canal-barges, I know
from information received from those interested
in that branch of the carrying trade, that it's oper-
ation has been exceedingly unjust. It is impos-
sible for them to pay the tax of two and a half
per cent, which is imposed by the one hundred
and third section of the recent act and carry
011 the business in which they are engaged with
any profit at all. It is a destruction of the busi-
ness itself.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Will the gentleman tell
me whether, if tins tax is reduced, the gentleman
and his friends from Pennsylvania will reduce
the price of coal at the same rate?
Mr, THAYER. I am very sorry, but there is
so much confusion I cannot hear the question of
the gentleman from New York.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. In oveto amend
the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania by striking out the word " steam-
boats." I move it merely to take the sense of
the committee upon the propriety of striking it
out.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say a word before
the vote is taken upon these amendments, in or-
der that there may be a full understanding of this
subject. The amendment I proposed lias arisen
out of the construction of the law which has been
adopted by the court of at least one State of the
Union, and its object is to adopt that construc-
tion as a matter of law, with a view of avoiding
future litigation on that point; that is, that where
a former law in its execution results in the frac-
tion of a cent, it shall be considered as equivalent
to a cent.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thay-
er] offered a substitute relating to an entirely in-
dependent question, and which does not even
embrace the object of my amendment; and I
think, upon examination, it will be scarcely con-
sidered in order.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
This question of order was raised by the gentle-
man from Iowa and decided against him. He
is now arguing an appeal from the decision of the
Chair without taking an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will State that
when the amendmentof the gentleman from Iowa
was presented the Chair supposed that it was
offered as a proviso to section one hundred and
three; and therefore he ruled the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania in order, other-
wise he would not have done so. The amend-
ment being before the committee, it must beacted
on.
The amendment to the substitute was not agreed
to.
Mr. PIKB. I wish merely to say one word,
and for that purpose I move to amend by striking
out the last word. Thisis anendeavor tochaoge
the form of taxation upon tonnage. It is now
taxed two and a half per cent, upon the gross re-
ceipts, irrespective of net receipts. An instance
was given yesterday, during the discussion, where
a vessel earned $6,000 by a charter from the
Government, and there was expended in repairs
$6,500, leaving a net loss of $500; and still the
Government obliged them to pay $150 revenue
tax on the $6,000. I have a gentleman in my
eye upon the other side of the House who had a
vessel that went to California, and the'y there made
him pay a tax on the gross receipts when the net
receipts amounted to nothing at all, and instances
are common where no revenue has been derived
by the owners of vessels from the receipts for
freights and yet a tax of two and a half per cent,
on the gross receipts has been imposed. There
is no other instance in the whole tax bill from the
alpha to the omega where such gross injustice is
done as is done in relation to this matter.
Sir, the shipping interests of the country do not
wish to escape taxation, but they do wish to have
the system changed And that you shall place your
tax on tonnage; let it be ten, twenty, or thirty
cents a ton, and let it apply to foreign tonnage as
well as to domestic tonnage.
As the matter stands now, this tax simply ap-
plies Vo the coasting tonnage of the country, the
foreign tonnage being exempt, and the coasting
tonnage comes in competition with the provincial
tonnage, so that it is a bounty, as it stands now,
in favor of provincial tonnage and a discrimina-
tion against our own tonnage.
This proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] relieves our difficulties.
It does not provide lor a tax on tonnage, because*
that must come in in the tariff bill as that tax is
collected at the custom-house. The Committee
of Ways and Means assure me, however, that
they are to bring in a bill which shall tax tonnage,
eo nomine, so as to make our revenue certain.
At present, according to the decision of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, if a man hap-
pens to have property enough that he may own
the cargo as well as the vessel, he pays 110 tax,
but if he has not property enough to own the
cargo and vessel, and semis the vessel to seek
freight, he is obliged to pay the tax. It is a dis-
crimination against the poor owner and in favor of
the rifch owner, adtscrimination in favor of foreign
tonnage against American tonnage.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Of course, Mr. Chair-
man, I am not prepared to say what the gentle-
man fiom Maine [Mr. Pike] designs to do here-
after, neither do 1 know what the House will do
hereafter; but I am certainly prepared to say that
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] would work most obvious
injustice to the great public works of the country.
Throughout the northern country, a portion of
which I have the honor to represent here, we
have competing means of transportation between
the railroads, the canals, and the inland waters,
and it is known to all the business men of the
North that the revenue to the individual or com-
pany derived from water transportation for the
last two years has been very large and the busi-
ness very lucrative. We who know anything
about the railroads of the North know that they
pay no dividends < whatever, and hence there
should be no discrimination between the tax 'to bo
levied upon persons who transport by water and
companies that do this business by rail. This
proposition, if adopted, will make a great discrim-
ination against the railroad companies.
Mr. PIKE. 1 would remind the gentleman
that canal-boats pay a tonnage duty while rail-
road cars pay no tonnage duty. You may put
the duty on tonnage as high as it will bear, only
put the tax in that form.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. That is very true, but
I am discussing the proposition now before the
House, and not the proposition which the gentle-
man from Maine, who is a truthful gentleman,
says he shall bring before the House when some
other bill comes up; because if I could trust, as I
always would, my friend from Maine, of course
I do not know what the opinion of this House
may be.
We all know that the expenses of transporta-
tion by rail are quadruple those of transportation
by water,and thatwhen they come in competition
the charges for railroad transportation are barely ,
remunerative and often not remunerative prices, .
because they eome in collision with cheap water *
navigation'. •
Now, I say that it would be obviously; unjust '
for this House to adopt a proposition which will,
give to the water communications of the country ! -
the privilege of doing business without .yielding;, •
a revenue to the Government, and impose the borr •"
den'upon railroads, in which far greater amounts *
of capitalhave been expended,and where the *eV-„^.;
enues have been really, in our country, nothing$t i
all to the stockholder frorqthe day he subscribetj. ^
for the stock until the present moment. Itis U'W , .
that these railroads have been the means of .de-
veloping the resources of the country, and that
the country has been made more prosperous and '
richer; but the people who have invested their,
money in them nave not had it returne.d, andl
believe they will not for the next twenty years.
I'go for doing justice to all interests, discrim-
inating in favor of none. If the present tax on
transportation is not enough, increase it._ If,
two and a half per cent, is not enough, raise it t.o
five per cent., and I will vote upon the proposition ,
according to my own best judgment...I will vote
to make all interests that go to develop the in.- ■
terests of the country equal, and will not discrirn- ,
inate in favor of any. , , , ,
Mr. PIKE withdrew his amendment, , [ - f
The question was taken, on Mr. Thayer's ,
amendment in the nature ot' n substitute; ahd.it
was rejected.
The questioarecurred on Mr. Kas?on's amende _
rnent; and it was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I move to amend by
inserting the following as a new section:
.find be it further enacted, That all officers in the mili-
tary service of the United states below the rank of brign-
dt«r jienor.U shall be exempt from the income .tax pi;o- ,
vided by this act or the acts to wlilch this is an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman'
from Illinois that we had" that question up the
other day, and that thenj oil the suggestion of
the chairman of the Military Committee,"it was
postponed, to be considered when reported from
that committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is all very true.
The Military Committee has agree'! to report a
bill containing a provision of this kind; but,I
greatly fear that the committee will not have an
opportunity of reporting u or of having the ac-
tion of Congress on it this session.
As this is a revenue bill it seems to me that it
is the proper place to put in this provision. It
seems to me that it is neither incongruous nor
nnpioper to determine in this bill whether these
officers shall be subject to the income tax or not.
It ought to be adopted. All officers below the
grade of brigadier general should be exemptfrom
this income tax—lieutenants, captains, majors,
colonels, &c. Their pay is scarcely sufficientto
maintain them. If we adopt this provision now, '
and have afterward an opportunity of passing
upon the bill to be reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs we can strike the provision
out of that bill. If the sense of this committee
be in favor of relieving these officers from the
payment of income tax on their salaries it will
take but a moment to have a vote upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is to have the day aa
soon as this bill is disposed of. I hope we will
dispose of it to-night. The chairman of the
Military Committee is now absent at the War
Department. I trust we will not put the pro-
vision m this bill.
Mr. ROSS. 1 suggest to my colleague [Mr.
Farnsworth] that if his committee had reported
back the bill which I had referred to it, to increase
the compensation of officers, they could afford to
pay this tax to the Government.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. FARNSWORTH withdrew it.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "do" in the tenth section, the
words, " under such rulesand regulations as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury;"
so that it will read:
Sec. 10. Jimhhc it fin ther enacted, That all persons and ^
every person who shall engage or be concerned in th8lousi-
ness of a Iftftcry dealer without having first Obtained a
license so to do, utiilei such rules and regulations as shall
bu prc&cubcd by the Secretary of tUs Treasury, shall forfeit
