118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
bill fir note, and made payable therein, and shall suffer im-
prisonment for a time not exceeding two months."
"XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this
act shall continue and be jn foicc to and until three months
after the commencement of the next session of Parliament,
and no longer." (5th May, 1812.)
"An act to continue until the 23th day of Mnich, 1814, an
act of the last session of Parliament for making more ef-
fectual provision for preventing the current gold coin of
the lealm fiom beim? paid or accepted for a greater value
than the current value of such coin; for pievcntingany
note or bill of the governor and company oftheBankof
England, or of the governor and company of the Bank of
lielandfiom bem  received for any smaller sum than the
sum {heroin specified; and for staying proceedings upon
any distiess by tender of such notes. (22d December,
18J2.)
" Wherc.us an act was made in the last session of Par-
liament entitled < An act to continuo until three months
after the commencement of the next session of Paihamcnt
and amend an act of the last&e&sion of Paihament for mak-
ing more cffectu.il piovision foi preventing thecuiientcoid
coin of the realm from being paid or accepted im a greater
value than the cunent value of such coin ; foi preventing
any note or hill of tlie governor and company of tiie Bank
of England from being received for any smaller ?um than
the sum therein specified; and for staying proceedings upon
any distress by tender of such notes; and to extend the
same to Ireland;* and whereas it is expedient that the
said act should be continued:
" He it therefore cnactcd by the King's most excellent ma-
jesty, by and with the advice end conscnt of the Lords spu it-
ital and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by authority of the same, That the said act
shall be, and the t-aine is iieieby, continued until the 25th
day of Match, IttM."
"An act to levive and continue, duung the continuance of
any act imposing any icstiietion on the governor and
company ofthe Hank offhigland with respect to payment>
in cash, an act of the tif'tv—• econd yearot his pie^cnt Ma-
jesty, for making more effectual piovision forpievenling
the 'cmicut gold coin oi the h aim fiom bcins paid or ac-
cepted fbi a greater value th.m the cuircrit value of Mich
com; and for other purposes therein mentioned. (4th
May, 1614.)
'• Wheteas an act was made in the fifty-second year of
hi-* present Majesty entitled 'An act (o continue untd three
months after the commencement oi the next ^ex-ion of
Parliament and amend an act of the la-t m^-ioh oi paiha-
ment for m.dung more effectual proviMon for pieveutimi
the cnrient gold coin of the renlm from being paid or ac-
cepted for a Clearer value than the euuenl value of such
coin; for pieventing any note nt lull of the governor and
company ot the Hank oi Midland lioni being received foi
any smaller Mim than the Mini theism ^preifn-d ; and for
staying pioceedmgs upon any dimness [)\ tendei officii
uote-j; and ro extend tlx; eiunc to iielanil;' and wheiea--
the vaid net \v,-w contnmed by an act of the iaM -ctMnn of
Patliament until the day of Clutch. and wheieas
it is evpedient that the .^id act should be icvivvd and fm-
thei continued :
'• He it therefore enrnted hy the JCinn^s most excellent ma-
jesty, bv and with the ad} ire and consent of //{fiend's spuit-
ual and temporal, and I'ominous, in tlui present Parliament
assembled, and hy the authority of the tame, TImi the t-aid
act t-haU be. and' the same is lieiehv, revived fiom the -said
2olh day of Match, 1H14, and he fuithcr enntmued fiom
thence timing the couiumanee of any act imposing any re-
striction on the governor and company of the iiank of
England with te-pect to payments in cash."
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have ticked
for the leading of these acts, not for the purpose
of making them thosubjectof any remarks of my
own, but to place before tho } louse, the facts, h st
there should remain in tho minds of any portion
of the House tin; idea (hat the bill which 1 intro-
duced wtw a proposition to legislate without con-
sideration and without examination; was an ab-
surd bill which was justly subject to the jeers of
witlings out of Congress. My bill was formed
precisely upon the principle of (he acts of Parlta-
ment which havo been iend, adapting the provis-
ions fo the condition of this counfry. There
were one or two amendments which I thought
ought to be made, mote particularly to except the
ciitiacts of the Government from the opoiation
of one of its provisions, llunce, instead of pre-
suming to act upon my own judgment, I asked
that the bill should be iof«*rred to the Committee
of Ways and Means for delibetate consideration.
Yet a hoi nets' nest was stirred up about tho ^old-
rooms; some of our friends here were stung:, ami
acting withoutconsidoratton, behevinu that a most
unhuwd-of measure had been introduced, they
precipitately killed the bill, without a word of it
being understood.
Now, Mr, I do not say that tlmt bill, if passed,
would have been effectual to cure ihe evils against
which it was directed; but I thought the measure
worthy of corisideiation, inasmuch as the En-
glish Parliament, under precisely similar circum-
stances, in a most arduous and difficult war, had
four times em cted a bill of a similar nature, and
had continued it not only through the war, but
until 182'J, tho period of the resumption of specie I
payments in Gicat Cntam. (do not .-ay, sir, I
that that measure m England was an entire cute
of the evil which it sought to remove; for such is
not history. But it was a great palliation of the
evil; and instead of gold reaching 250, it stopped
at the rate which it had attained, and when that
law was made perpetual, gold sunk to six above
par, and before long—eight years before the re-
sumption of specie payments—it was but two and
a half above par; and three or four years before
theresumption it was at par. Now, sir, I thought
it worthy of consideration whether a similar meas-
ure might not have a similar effect here.
Certainly I should never have complained on
my own account of the action of the House in
this matter; but I did deem it due to gentlemen
who acted with me, and whom I have seen assailed
in print for their vote on this subject, as bcingan
ignorant and unwitting one, that 1 should show
that the great statesmen of England introduced
these very provisions into a bill in 1811 as an cx-
penment, and found them to operate so well that
they reenacted them in 1812, and again in 1813,
and finally in 1814 made them perpetual. Those
provisions might not have had the same effect
here; but I thought it possible that they might,
and I could think of no other means of reaching
the evil. I have shown that my friends wore justi-
fied by their knowledge of history and legislation,
by their acquaintance with the wisdom of the
ablest men that ever lived in England, in voting
against the summary execution of the bill which
was then before the House, and that those wit-
lings abroad who are so profoundly foolish on most
things about which they wi itc knew but little, and
were learning but httle wisdom either from history
or experience when they treated this subject in
the manner in winch they did. I have introduced
these acts for that, and nothing else; for I have
no complaint to make of the action of the House.
1 did think, however, that it might be an act of
benevolence to let the shallow sciolists know what
big fools they had made of themselves. They
may not learn anything, and 1 do not undertake
to hay that they will; but they have the oppor-
tunity.
But let it not be thought that I intend to urge
this resolution, (for I have promised my friend
hero to withdraw if,) or to pressany future action
on the subject by the House. I would not will-
ingly asruin throw my excellent friend from Maine
[Air. Blaine] into convulsions, orthe Housemlo
epileptic fits. No, sir; let it stand as it is; and,
in the mean time, let this conspiracy go on, mak-
ing sad havoc of the best interests of this nation,
compelling the poor man and the rich to pay
three prices for all the necessaries of life, com-
pelling the Government to pay three prices for all
its supplies and munitions of war, and swelling
the amount of the public debt, while we sit here,
bound, helpless, trembling before the shoddy
descendants of the sweat-cloth tribe of money-
changers who were scourged from the temple.
Air. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to say
a single word in correction of what has been said
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] i know that he did not intend to misrep-
resent the facts, but on one important point his
statements are inaccurate.
The gentleman stated that the House had voted
upon that lesolution before it was printed, and
before a single member had becomc acquainted
with its provisions. I desire to call the attention
of tho gentleman to the fact that the Washington
Chronicle of that morning contained the bill m
full, and that in the bnef lemarks I had to make
about it I read from the Chronicle several of its
sections, among which were the following:
" .2. Thatn dnlh-i note i-*ued b\ the«Government,declared
lawful mo r>y and legal tcndei, i< deeiarcd of etjual value
for all puipo?es a? gold and silver com of like denomina-
tion. *
<c :i That a con ti act made pa\ able in coin may he p u .ihle
in lesal-tendei United .Static note?, and Jh it no dilleicnce
in '-ale ot value .shall be alio v. ed between them."
And I may remark here, somewhat parenthet-
ically, that these provisions at once negatived and
condemned the law of the United States requiting
duties on imports to be ptfid in gold.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will allow me to hay a word. I have said
already in my remarks that I believed my bill
needed some amendment, and that for that pur-
pose [ wanted it to be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. 1 stated explie/tly that I
wanted the proposition carefully rc^i 'd.
Mi. BLAINE. 1 presume the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania intended to correct those provis-
ions. I only quote them now to show the crude
character of the bill as originally introduced, and
to show the gentleman that the House understood
it when it tabled the measure by so decisive a vote.
In regard to the specific line of the gentleman's
argument to-day, let me say, Mr. Speaker, that I
have read English history on this subject with dif-
ferent conclusions from those so confidently ex-
pressed by him. My impression is that the judg-
ment of the British people, both contemporaneous
and subsequent, was and is, that such prohibitory
statutes as the gentleman has cited had no favorable
effect upon the price of gold. That they did not have
a prejudicial and disastrous effect is due to the ex-
istence of other powerful causes in England, whose
operation and effect were most beneficent. Those
causes for the decline and continued low price of
gold are found, sir, in the fact that the British
Parliament raised by taxation half, and sometimes
more than half, of the vast amount annually ex-
pended in her gigantic struggle with Napoleon
Bonaparte; and British arms were at the same
time blessed with a series of brilliant and deci-
sive victories. Indeed, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania himself, somewhat unconsciously per-
haps, admits the whole force of my position on
this point; for lie states that eight years before
the English people resumed specie payment, in
1823, the premium on gold had fallen to a mere
nominal rate. Yes, sir, I admit it; and I ask the
gentleman what brought it there? Unconsciously,
as 1 have said, the gentleman named the precise
date of the battle of Waterloo, and the British
victory on that memorable field was the cause of
gold ruling low in London in 1815. By the bat-
tle of Waterloo England's supremacy was estab-
lished; she had broken and beaten all coalitions
against her, and was confessedly mistress of land
and sea. It was her proud military position and
her resolute system of finance that thus raised
the value of her bonds and brought down the
price of gold. It was not her prohibitory legis-
lation at all; and no intelligent English historian
has ever stated that it was.
Let us, sir, imitate England in raising our
credit by wise legislation here, and by continued
victories in the field. If we could raise half of
our expenses by taxation, and could add to our
many triumphs on land and sea a Waterloo vic-
tory over the hosts of the rebellion, we should
need no such legislation as the gentleman has pro-
posed to keep down the price of gold. When we
reach that happy period of final triumph the gen-
tleman's bill, if enacted, might prove harmless;
but until then its manifest effect can be only in-
jurious to the cause it seeks to serve.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not rise to discuss the
provisions of the bill. I have already disclaimed
all such intention. The gentleman has therefore
mistaken me,as hehasalso mistaken in reference
to the universal judgment of the British nation.
J should like to know how the British debt reached
<£'4,000,000,000 if one half was raised by taxes
and one half by loans? 1 say that if we were
raising by taxation the interest upon our public
debt, and the world were satisfied of that fact,
there would he no necessity of raising anything
more by taxation of the people. That is not the
difficulty. The confidence of the people in the
Government remains unchanged. The difficulty
is in the Government being compel led to buy gold,
and to go abroad to the gold gamblers, who say
that they hold somuch money, and that the Gov-
ernment shall not have it unless it pays a hijjh.
premium for it. I will not go back to our legis-
lation on the subject; but I feel that England never
had so absurd a law as to pay one part in gold
and another pait in Bank of England notes.
Air. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman whether
the bonds negotiated by England upon the Conti-
nent were not payable 111 gold?
Air. STEVENS. I do not know.
Air. BLAINE. Every one of them negotiated
upon the Continent was payable in gold, both
principal and interest. Everyone negotiated at the
Hague, atFrankfort-on-the-Maine, and elsewhere
upon the Continent, was negotiated upon the gold
basis exclusively.
Mr. STEVENS. She, of course, could not
pay their Bank of England notes. She had to
borrow money, and they were themselves a loan.
I know that Austria pursued the same course that
