886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
•I therefore do not think that this proposition, so
important in its character, should be limited and
restrained by any qualifications as to any locality.
I have no doubt a gentleman from California may
be found with all the requirements for such an
office. I have no doubt such persons can be found
in every State of the Union. But it is unusual,
and I think improper, to limit or control the
power of the Executive in selecting persons to
constitute this commission.
I may say also that the State of California and
the whole Pacific coast, although very important
to our system of Government, will not pay in
internal taxes probably one fiftieth of the aggre-
gate of taxation levied upon the country. If we
derive $4,000,000 from the Pacific coast, or even
if we derive §10,000,000 from the Pacific coast—a
much larger sum than we ever have or probably
shall soon derive—it will be only one thirtieth
part of the whole aggregate of internal taxation.
Why, therefore, by law, compel the President in
the selection of three commissioners, to take one
from a region of country that will not pay more
than one thirtieth part of our entire taxes ?
But all these are considerations for the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Treasury, and I
trust, therefore, that this resolution will not be
incumbered by any such proposition. I might
just as well, representing a portion of the great
West, say that one of these commissioners should
come from the interior region of the country; but
I would not ask it because I think it is better to
leave all these propositions of detail to the proper
officers of the Government, who, I have no doubt,
will discharge this duty well.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this amendment will
prevail, and I believe genilemen- will think dif-
ferently upon itafter a httle reflection. The Sec-
retary of the Interior and the heads of the other
Departments send out reports annually to the ef-
fect that the mineral resources of the country will
be able not only to pay the interest but the prin-
cipal of the national debt. There is a prevailing
idea to that effect. The mode of getting at that,
the mode by which it is to be accomplished, and
how we are to pay the national debt, has not been
suggested; or if suggested it has been suggested
in the most obnoxious form. The whole coun-
try is constantly pointed to that region for sup-
plies. It is impossible for a people situated as
are the people 011 this side of the continent to
understand the condition of things there. The
people of the United States have not turned their
attention to mining pursuits. You have no min-
ing bureau; you have not even a mining commit-
tee; you have no mining colleges. You have to
send to Europe for your mining engineers. You
do not educate your young men to mining in this
country at all. California and the Pacific coast
are paying annually thousands of dollars for en-
gineers from Europe to aid them and to direct
ihem in-developing the mineral resources of that
region. It is a subject that cannot be investi-
gated except by those who have given years of
attention to it. Years of attention are required to
understand it. They must have seen the coun-
try, they must understand how it is situated, be-
fore they can form any idea of it. If you get men
from thiai side of the continent to make such a re-
port as is proposed in this resolution, they will
undoubtedly come in here with a proposition to
sell the mineral lands, something arbitrary, some-
thing that will upset the whole condition of things
there, because the prevailing idea here is that
those lands should be sold. Now,l will right here
make a few remarks with regard to the condition
of things in that country.
Since the organization of the State government
of California, about sixteen years ago, there have
been probably eight hundred thousand miners on
the Pacific coast. At least forty per cent, of these
have died,and ten percent, of the balance are dis-
abled, and unable to work. We have to support
them. They are supported, as it were, by the
charity of those who do work. Twenty-five per
cent, have gone into other pursuits; they have
made a little money by mining and "then left it.
The other twenty-five per cent., or about two hun-
tired and fifty thousand, are still there. There
has been an average during the whole time of
about two hundred and fifty thousand. Out of
that two hundred and fifty thousand at least two
hundred thousand are engaged in the unproduc-
tive bneineos vf bunting Yer minus, in attempt-
ing to develop the country. They have to labor
against all manner of embarrassments, the want
of transportation, want of title, the General Gov-
ernment continually saying that they will at some
day sell those mines. Every obstacle is thrown
in the way to discourage the development of the
mines, not from any desire to injure ouninterests,
but from a want of information, the want of such
information as could be given by an intelligent
gentleman representing the Pacific coast upon a
commission of this character. They will need
such information and counsel.
If we had means of transportation, if we had this
question of title settled, if we had such encourage-
ment as could be given to capital, if we had secu-
rity to property, which'the Government of the
United States will be undoubtedly willing to give,
we should be able to send you a stream of gold
and silver, not of sixty million or seventy million
per annum, but we should be able to send you
from three hundred to five hundred million dol-
lars per annum. How is this to be accomplished ?
Its effect upon the commerce of the country and
its effect upon your debt is to be enormous; but
if you pursue the policy recommended by the
Departments here generally, you will close the
mines. Levy your tax of five" per cent, upon the
gross proceeds of the mines; leave their titles still
in chaos;leave them without transportation; treat
them as a foreign and rejected community; break
up their business; break up the present condition
of things, and you will have no revenue from the
Pacific coast.
Here is one of thegreatand leading interests of
the country—an interest entirely misunderstood,
misapprehended, throughout every department of
the Government; and yet when we come here to
expostulate we are told that universal rules must
be applied; that we cannot be an exception. We
do not ask to be an exception to the general rule;
we are willing to come under it; but we do want
a system which shall secure to us what we have
for the last seventeen years developed. We want
a system that will encourage miners hereafter to
develop. Instead of two hundred thousand men
engaged in prospecting the hills and traversing the
deserts <jf the West, we want occupation for three
or four million. We want to be able to give you
a market. We want to be able to afford to the
present 'generation some relief by reason of our
mineral resources.
Suppose this commission,-when organized, take
tile testimony of the heads of the various Depart-
ments here upon this question, what will they
recommend ?
Mr. CONNESS. The collection of a royalty.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, they will recommend
the collection of a royalty; they will recommend
levying upon us a tax of five or ten percent, upon
the gross proceeds of the mines. That has been
recommended. We want to have that question
investigated and understood, to see whether that
is the best way to raise revenue. Last year you
levied one half of one per cent, upon the proceeds
of the mines, and you have losj. money by it. 1
will pledge my honor to come here next winter
■ with facts and figures and show you that the
Government lost money by that tax; and I will
show you now how it is very reasonable to sup-
pose that it has lost money by that arrange-
ment.
As I have said, there are two hundred thou-
sand men who are working in unproductive mines.
Those men, although working in unproductive
mines, work by the day and get a little money,
and then go out prospecting. They constantly
pay a revenue to the Government in the way of
tariffs, for we consume a great deal of foreign
productions. They are useful, and are paying
revenue. We come here to tell you the facts on
this subject. The newspapers deceive you all.
They only speak of one kind of luck. They
never speak of bad luck; but in order to legislate
you must have the facts. Out of the fifty thou-
sand miners upon that coast who are producing
the bullion that is creating and stimulating your
commerce all over the world, and enabling you
to have a metallic basis for the redemption of your
bonds, only about one in five is making net gains.
The others are going on in the hope that some-
thing may turn up for the better. They produce
the great mass of the bullion at an expense in
production equal to the whole production. They
ga alsrig until thsy txptuiti tlwir muting. They
find something better and go into the class of the
one tenth, or they go back into the griat mass
of prospecters. Now, if you put a tax of five
per cent, upon the mill of a mining company that
is producing $500,000 per year at an expense of
§550,000, you stop them so much the quicker,
and you cut off the possibility of their continuing
until they get that mine developed so as to bring
it into the paying class of mines, where there can
be net dividends.
If you put a tax of five per cent, upon the pro-
ceeds of the mines on that coast, you destroy nil
the common ordinary paying mines at once; you
knock out of existence four fifths of the product-
ive enterprise of the country; arid you discourage
the two hundred thousand who are still hunting
for gold; so that you take from them the reward
that we have held out. The reward to them is
an important circumstance. Butforthisreward,
the hope of finding something, they could not
afford to do it. The Government of the United
States could not carry on this prospecting. It
can only be done by those who are inured to it,
and who are willing to gamble. Then you.wili
cut off by a tax such as is advocated by all the
heads of Departments here four fifths of the re-
sources of that country and reduce the production
one half. Suppose you reduce the production of
the Pacific coast from an aggregate of seventy or
eighty millions per annum to $40,000,000, and
you get five per cent, on that. That is $2,000,000.
How much do you lose ? You lose one half of the
present revenue; you lose three or four millions
011 the Pacific coast alone, besides destroying the
commerce of the woild and locking up the future
prosperity of that country.
Now, m order to understand this great ques-
tion, what ought to be done, in justice, for the
development of that country? 1 say it is due that
some gentleman of experience there shall bring
before this commission his experience, that such
rules may be provided that this great source of
wealth may be opened to the people, and that
the present generation may realize something
from it. Boast not of your mines. It is the
development and working of those mines that
creates commerce and gives employment to men,
and will make the country rich. But you can by
a commission that is not informed on this ques-
tion introduce a policy that will entirely annihi-
late the prospect of realizinganything from your
mineial lands during the present age and until we
shall become informed as a mining people. 1 do
hop*1*, in view of the great interest at stake, one of
the leading interests of the country, that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance will consent
that one of the members of this commission shall
be selected from that coast, who is familiar with
the facts.
Mr. CLARK. This is certainly a very singu-
lar proppsition from the Senator from California.
I think it is the first instance in the history of
legislation that we have attempted in tins way to
make a sectional appointment, ldid not like the
beginning of it. 1 still want to regard this conn-
try as a common country; and when a thing of
this kind is to be dgne, I desire to give it to the ap-
pointing power without restriction, so that they
may hold it as a common country. Suppose I
should move to amend that amendment of the
Senator from California by adding to it "and one
from New England, and one from the middle
States, and one from the great West." We raise
a large amount of revenue from the manufac-
turers of New England. We raisea large amount
of revenue from the incomes of New England.
Why should we not have a commissioner from
New England to look after those great interests?
Mr. CONNESS. You will have one.
Mr. CLARK. We shall have one, says the
Senator from California. We shall, if we de-
serve to have one; and so will he.
Mr. CONNESS. I said "you will" have One;
not " you shall."
Mr. CLARK. That is as I understood it; we
shall have one if our interest demands it, and
we find a good man there for it, and if we do not,
we do notaslc it. Biitthe middle States will want
one. They -have a large 'variety of subjects of
taxation. The House of Representatives, as I
understand, propose to tax sales. The great com-
mercial city of New York will say, " We have
more sales in our city than all the rest of the
ceontryt giv# wgM e#mmi««>*iier." Pmmsylmnia
