120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
ending the 30th of Jane, 1866," with an amend-
ment, in which they requested the concurrence of
the House.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN TERRITORIES.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the next business in order is the consid-
eration of House bill No. 342, making appropri-
ations for public buildings m the Territories of
Colorado, Nevada, Dakota, Idaho, Arizona, and
Montana, that bill having been postponed till the
19th of December, after the morning hour.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move the further post-
ponement of that bill until the first Tuesday in
February.
The motion was agreed to.
WRITS OF ERROR AND APPEALS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to facilitate judicial proceedings on
writs oferrorand appeals; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
in order that we may resume the consideration of
the President's message. There are one or two
gentlemen who desire to be heard on that subject,
and 1 do not know that there will be any better
opportunity.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to yield
for a few moments. I desire to move to take up
House bill No. 622, returned from the Senate with
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot give way for that
purpose.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Don-
nelly in the chair,) and resumed tine considera-
tion of the President's* annual message.
Mr. CRESWELL. Mr. Chairman, the result
of the recent election expresses thedehberate pur-
pose of the American people that slavery shall be
abolished. Slowly and painfully, but yet surely,
has the nation advanced to thatdetermination.
It was the settled conviction, often expressed,
of a large majority of the framers of our Constitu-
tion that slavery was an unmitigated evil, to be
tolerated for a time only, that it might be the bet-
ter abrogated. But in later times certain of the
political priesthood, seduced by the Circean lures
of a new deity, quarreled with an opinion which,
however sound in morals and politics, must, they
Raid, be denounced as false in principle, becausc
it set at nought the craft of those who made silver
/shrines, and prevented the spiead of the wor-
ship of thatgreat goddess whose snowy robes the
zephyrs had wafted down fiotn Jupiter. These
new guides soon informed the country that an
irresistible sense of duty compelled them to un-
dertake the reform of an error so palpable and
mischievous. Selecting Whitney's laborious in-
vention as the emblem of the most advanced civil-
ization, they inscribed thereon an epitome of their
improved creed in these words: " Slavery is right
and ordained of God. Whoever will not accept
this faith is an infidel. Let him be accursed;"
and when they had done so, much people cried
with one voice for the space of many years,
** Gieat is Cotton of South Carolina!"
Vanquished by their fears; trembling lest harm
might come to the Republic; willing to accept any
system, however monstrous, if only the Union
might be preserved, men everywhere gave way to
the exactions of slavery, until it ruled with impe-
rious sway Congress, court, and President alike,
and held at its beck and call all the power of a
mighty Government. But not content with its
absolute authority; not content that it had con-
quered in almost every struggle with freedom, and
by sanction of law could stretch its iron scepter
over half the States and all the Territories; m an
hour big with the fate of the western world sla-
very summoned its hosts to arms, hurled defiance
full in the face of the startled nation, and inso-
lently boasted that by the power of the sword it
would soon plant Us throne upon the ruins of the
Republic.
Thousands who would fain have spared davery.
so long as it was peaceful, were compelled to take
up arms for their country when slavery became
belligerent; hut even then they were unwilling
that the monster, who had incited to ** foul re-
volt," should be unvailed. From every section
of the land where loyalty still held sway, the cry
at first went up, " Down with treason and rebel-
lion, but spare the institutions of the Southand
when they said " institutions" they meant sla-
very. They had been so long accustomed to hear
the "peculiar institution" lauded as altogether
harmless and immaculate, that they would not
believe that it could ever appear in any other garb
than that of peaceful industry. In their eyes the
slave, sitting in the ashes of his servitude, was
the " lares et penates" of every slave-owner's
household, and it was necessary to protect the
*s right of property" in order to preserve the sanc-
tity of the homes of "our southern brethren."
While thus fondly dreaming of conducting war
upon strictly fraternal principles, the first Bull
Run was fought and lost, and "our southern
brethren" celebrated their triumph by making
finger-rings and drinking-cups out of the bones of
the Yankee barbarians whom they had slain m
battle; and the chivalrous Beauregard, swaggering
like any blatant bully beneath the doubtful hon-
ors of his accidental victory, could find in his sol-
dier's vocabulary no words but those of insult and
brutality wherewith to respond to the simple re-
quest of a heart-broken sister who had asked to
be permitted to recover an honored brother's dead
body for the purpose of Christian burial. Can
you recall an instance where a dtop of water or a
morsel of food was given to one of our unfortu-
nate brothers who foil into the hands of the en-
emy on that field because he was a conservative
and would save slavery? Did a single hero of all
who were stricken down in the bloody battles
before Richmond, or in the campaign of the sec-
ond Bull Run, or at South Mountain, or Antie-
tam, receive from a rebel foe one generous act of
kindness because of his moderation on the sub-
ject of slaveiy? I venture to say, no. "With the
icbcls nothing has been known but determined,
inveterate, revengeful, malignant, savage war.
Their conduct, persisted m with every aggrava-
tion of cruelty, at last forced the most unwilling
minds to the conclusion that it was folly to con-
tinue the effort to put down armed rebellion by
moial suasion.
Satisfied that they were engaged in a struggle
of life or death the people could no longer deny
that if they would not be destroyed they must
inflict every injury upon their enemy consistent
with the laws of war. The stern necessity of
self-defense first secured a reluctant suppoit to
the President's proclamation of emancipation.
Momentous considerations of political economy,
morality, and icligion, though for a long time held
at bay, since then have been gradually forcing
themselves upon the public mind, and steadily
widening and strengthening the grounds of op-
position to slavery. After two years' trial, such
as nations are larely subjected to, the people have
lisen to a cleaier sense of their duty, and now
desire to dispel all legal doubts, and to make that
proclamation good for all time, and universal in its
application, by amendment of the Constitution.
Whatever may have been heretofore our obli-
gations, express or implied, to tolerate slavery,
and not to expose its true character, we are now
absolved from all such obligations by its own
wickedness. Slavery's oath of fealty to the Union
has been falsified by its treason We are no longer
bound to protect it from harm or shield it fiom
scrutiny. It is our foe, and in order that we may
ascertain whether it can ever become our fnend
it is now our duty to lay bare its whole life and
record.
What, then,is slavery? The picture would be
too crowdcd, were I to attempt to portray it as
it lias existed in all the States of thus Union. I
shall speak only for Maryland, a slave State for
more than two and a quarter centuries. 1 am a
native of Maryland. I have lived all my days
within her limits, and I hope when my appointed
time shall come to be buried beside my forefath-
ers, who, for generations hack, sleep upon her
bosom. I love my State as aidently as any man
can love the spot of his nativity. I love htr for
much of herpust history, to rue a sjloiious record
of manly deeds and noble heroism. But more
than all do I love her, because, though in these
latter days, tempted, deceived, almost betiayed
by some of her own most trusted sons, who, after
making her drunk with passion, strove to lead her
off in to rebel lion, and to array her children, brother
against brother, in deadly strife, yet ] now have
the glorious assurance that she has risen above
these pernicious influences; that she has expelled
her mischief, and purged " off the baser fire vic-
torious;" that, " clothed and in hernghtmind,"
though still pale and suffering from her wounds,
self-inflicted in her terrible folly, she has come in
good time to renew her faith once before plighted
to the sacred covenant of our Constitution, and
has told the story of her victory, thus: " 0 Free-
dom ! J have abjured all association with the foul
superstition of slavery. My sacrifice I now lay
upon thy altar. Here are the chains which once
held in bondage eighty-seven thousand human
beings. I have stricken them off with my own
hands, and throughout my fair domain there is
not a being m the image of God who is not free."
Thus slavery in Maryland is of the past. Let
our statutes and law reports, still uncleansed, tell
what it was.
The Legislature by the act of 1715, chapter forty-
four, section twenty-three, declared it to be the
law " that all negroes and other slaves already
imported, or hereafter to be imported into this
province, and all children now born or hereafter
to be born of such negroes and slaves, shall he
slaves during their natural lives;" and the Mary-
land Code, volume one, article sixty-six, section
one, reaffirms that declaration. The full import of
this simple provision is not seen until you are told
that every negro was presumed to be a slave; that
no negro or mulatto was admitted as evidence in
any matter depending in any court, or before any
justice of the peace, where any white person was
concerned; and that the fact of a negro's going
at large and acting as free, or not being claimed
by an owner, was not admissible as evidence of
fieedom. Nothing could relieve a negro from
any claim set up by a white person, unless he
could establish his freedom, or the freedom of his
ancestor, by the grant or devise of his former
owner. (Code, volume one, article thirty-seven,
section one, and article sixty-six, section foity-
two.) A slave con hi have no i ights adverse to his
master. He could neither sue personally nor by
prcchein ami, nor be sued, nor acquire any rights
under a deed which either a court of law or equity
could enforce. Nor could he enter into any bind-
ing con11act with his master, (4 H . & J. 507,9 G.
& J. 19.) The only standing which a ne^ro,
claimed as a slave, could have in any couit of
civil jurisdiction was as a petitioner for freedom;
but even in that case he was such a legal nonen-
tity that he could not make an affidavit in support
of his prayer, while the most exclusive and arbi-
trary rules of evidence were brought to bear
against him, so as to confine him to strict record
proof.
The master was absolute lord; the slave and the
slave's posterity wereahject bondmen. The master
had not only a right to the labor and servicef but
he had an absolute properly in the ficsh and blood
and bones of his slave, and, if a female, of her
issue, (button vs. Cuun, 10 G. and J. 45tf.) Thus
a bequt st for life of the use of a female slave vested
in the legatee a property in the issue, born during
the < xistencc of the life estate, for the life of such
issue; and the issue of a female slave for a term
of years, or for one year only, was a slave for
life. The slave could sustain none of those re-
lations which give life all its charms. He could
not say my home, my father, my mother, my
wife, my child, my body. It is for God to judge
whether he could say my soul. The law pro-
nounced hirn a chattel, and these are not the lights
or attributes of chattels.
To seek his fieedom by flight made the slave a
felon; and, a« if to reward barhnuty and place a
premium on human blood,the f-lave-owners, when
they made law in Maiyland, wiote it down:
<J If any mnmvay slave Miail icmH the person who at-
tempt* to aire?t linn, and mu.-h-Iavo hujtpcns to hedainfor
rcfuungto sinrenJcr himself, sue!) icjllma shall he deemed
justifiable; and any «lavo so killed >hall he paid for by the
State, Ins value to bo asentained by two impartial and
| imputable men, not of km to the ownei, uho s-isaH bcap-
I pointed b\ a justice of th'1 peace, and swoin to \alue Mich
! s-lave at In- lair value, and who &ha!l eeinfy their valua-
! t*on to -ueh justice, u ho sdull certify tuch v.Jtnnon,oalli,
I and iipponilujei.tj to the complio'lei, who -halt ?}i<'ieupou
I i-j-aic iu> wananr to ihe treasurer to pay the buuic.5'— Code,
I vol. 1. ajt G'j. *ct. 31.
