1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
That provision stands upon the statute-book of
Maryland to-day. The last Legislature refused
to repeal it, because, they said, it was necessary
to preserve the system. " Thou shaltnot kill,"
thundered God from Sinai. Cursed, then, be the
system that cannotenduresave by wanton homi-
cide. It reads, " and any slave so killed shall be
paid for." Paid for by whom? By the slave-
owners? No. By all the people of Maryland,
of whom 503,000 were non-slaveholders and less
than 14,000 were slaveholders. But patience! the
last fuw months have changed all that. This
famous section eleven of article sixty-six of the
Code of Public General Laws, which justified
murder and extorted tribute from thedespised me-
chanic and the toiling laborer to pay the wealthy
slave-owner for the negro whom he, or his myr-
midon, had happened to slay, has been deprived of
its death-dealing virus. It is no longer the law;
it is but the shameful record of an overthrown
tyranny.
But from this galling servitude was there no
deliverance? Could not the faithful and devoted
slave, who had been obedient unto his master in
singleness of heart as unto Christ; who had aided
in supporting the burdens of the family; had felt
all its sorrows, and shared in his humble way in
all Us joys; who had nursed the master's children
one by one, and had borne them " on his back a
thousand times;" who had fondly watched each
stalwart son as he grew up to man's estate, and
gave him his blessing as he wentoutfrom the old
homestead into the battle of life; who had toiled
on, adding to the master's wealth from year to
year until the gray hairs, gathering upon the tem-
ples of master and slave alike (for time, like God,
has no respect of persons) had admonished them
that their days of active life were almost num-
bered—could not such a slave (and there are such,
for 1 have seen them,) be granted his liberty?
Could not he be made a freeman, and be allowed
to sit in his own cabin during the evening of his
days, and gather his wife and children about him
and call it home? Such a question would have
been deemed an insult in the days of our fathers.
They were humane. They made a law and con-
firmed it over and over again, that the slave could
be manumitted. From the beginning of our State
history, they were accustomed to grant freedom
as the best of all sifts to the meritorious bondman.
So liberal were they, that besides the freedmen,
whom they prevailed upon to return to Africa
and settle in the colony of Liberia, there were
83,942 free colored people still amongusin 1660—
a'number almost equal to that of the slaves.
These free colored people, laborious and inof-
fensive, peaceful and unobtrusive, with no polit-
ical rights, yet yielding implicit obedience to the
laws, which in turn secured them in their per-
sons and property—these people were marked
for destruction by these modern partisans of sla-
very. They had determined that Maryland, in
despite of all the honored traditions and Christian
sentiments of her people, should be devoted to
perpetual slavery, and that every interest, no
matter how great or vital, that stood in the way
of their designs, should be sacrificed. They
dominated everywhere, and at their bidding the
Legislature passed an act of Assembly (i860,
chapter two hundred and thirty-two,) presenting
to the free colored population of the State the
unrelenting alternative of banishment or slavery.
So shocking to humanity, so horrible in its con-
sequences, was this atrocious iniquity, that even
they dared not attempt to enforce it without first
secuung the approval of a popular vote. To this
end they submitted their scheme to the ttial by
ballot in eleven counties, and endeavored to cajole
the honest masses into its support; but the people
turned with loathing from a measure so utterly
unjust, and recorded their condemnation of it by
overwhelming majorities. And so this infamous
project for the enslavement of all the free of a
helpless race failed, and failed signally.
But the slave-owners did not abandon their
purpose. Ten years before they had made a
constitution for Maryland, into which they had
incorporated these provisions, side by side:
"The Leais-lature -hall not pnss any law abolis-liizj^ Hit*
relation of m; <ter and s-lave as it now exists in this State.
'•No pei^n Muili be inipiKoned for debt."
With one hand they riveted still more strongly
the shackles of the slave; with the other they
opened the prison doois of the debtor. With one
breath they declared that the white man never
should be a slave, and with the next that the
black man never should be a freeman. They
abolished one relic of barbarism and perpetuated
another; and in this they-were working for them-
selves, for while they owned the negroes they
owed the debts.
Having, as they believed, secured slavery from
the assaults of the people, who were becoming
more and more in favor of emancipation, they
did not waste a thought upon the inconsistency
which they had thus recorded. But when, in 1860,
they found thatduring the last decade the free ne-
groes had increased from 74,723 to 83,942, and that
the slaves had decreased from 90,308 to 87,189,
they saw that, if they would perpetuate their sway,
they must either cease selling the increase of their
slaves to the South, or stop all manumissions.
Once more in the history of slavery, humanity was
trampled under foot by avarice, and they chose,
of course, the latter alternative. Forthwith they
again invoked the aid of the Legislature, and that
assembly, ever obedient to their summons, was
not slow to respond. This band of most skill-
ful political prestidigitators, after manipulating
the whole body of our statutes for months under
the direction of their master, suddenly threw down
to the people the present code, which they de-
clared by solemn legislative act contained the en-
tire revised statute law of the State; and to make
good that declaration, they repealed all laws and
parts of laws not contained therein. When the
people came to examine this grand treasure-house
of legal lore, they found, under the headingMan-
umission, printed in large letters, but very little
of the old law left. Two sections only remained,
of which the first said, "No slave shall hence-
forth be manumitted," and the second, "Any
free negro before the age of eighteen may become
a slave for life." This was manumission with a
vengeance. This was a piece of legislative pleas-
antry that for eighty-seven thousand men, women,
and children, converted all the future into eternal
night. But they did not stop there. They for-
tified their joke by penalties, and passed other
laws making it criminal for any owner of a slave
to permit such slave to go at large, or hire him-
self, or for any person to make any contract with
a slave for his services. These provisions finished
the business, and condemned the slave and all his
posterity to interminable bondage, or starvation,
under the penalty of death, if seen attempting to
escape; and made every master, in spite of the dic-
tates of his judgment or the stings of his con-
science, a slaveholder, living or dying.
Ail this was done when slavery was omnipotent
in Maryland, when it brooded over our legislative
assemblies and courts of justice like death, and
with its "mace petrific" remorselessly smote
down into political obscurity every man who
would not strangle the better instincts of his nature
and applaud their merciless code as the perfection
of wisdom and loving-kindness. Little did these
conspirators against the human race think that
they were but God's instruments for the downfall
of their own cherished system. So soon has the
retiibution come, thathad they listened even in the
hour of their imagined triumph they might have
heard the quickening footsteps of outraged justice,
at last tortured into action and forced to assume
the part of the avenger, hurrying onward to in-
terpose her sword between the pitiless and exact-
ing master and his wretched and hopeless slave.
The deliverer came, and at the sound of her
voice every shackle fell and the slave was trans-
formed into a freeman and a soldier. Ten thou-
sand of, Maryland's black men have joined our
armies. How worthily they have worn their uni-
form of blue and borne the standard of the Repub-
lic onward to the gates of death, let the stricken
field of 01ustee,and the war-blasted hills around
Petersburg, and the blood-baptized parapets of
Fort Gillmore answer. The only eulogium they
need is what history, scorning to falsify, shall
write down with her iron pen.
If we inquire how could a Christian people be
reconciled to a sciies of laws so cruel and despotic,
the first answer that will suggest itself will be,
slavery is piofitnble. Let us examine into that.
Maryland has an area of 11,000 square miles,
with unsurpassed advantages for commerce and
manufactures, with an agreeable climate and fer-
tile soil, with valuable mineral deposits and im-
mense supplies of timber, with ready access to
the ocean, and with navigable streams traversing
in almost every direction her entire eastern and
southern sections. She has the great bay of the
Chesapeake, stretching its full length from north
to south. The Potomac river forms her southern
boundary. She lies almost between the three
great emporiums of the country, New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore; the latter city being
her own commercial center. Massachusetts, with
a severer climate, a more sterile soil, and with
commercial and manufacturing interests scarcely-
equal to those of Maryland, has an area of only
7,250 square miles. In 1790 Maryland had a total
population of 319,728, and Massachusetts of
378,717, the difference being less than sixty thou-
sand. But in the race of the next seventy years
the old Bay State far outstripped " My Mary-
land. " In 1860 Maryland had a population, the
State over, of only 687,049, while Massachusetts
could muster 1,231,066, and could fairly boast of
more than double the wealth of Maryland.
Compare New Jersey, with but three fifths of
the area of Maryland, lying almost between the
same parallels of latitude, with a territory almost
contiguous, and a soil of like character and capa-
city, with no great central city as a nucleus for
her wealth and trade, and not relieved from the
blighting influence of slavery until 1820; and it
will appear, that though in 1790 New Jersey had
a population of only 184,139, but little more than
half that of Maryland, yet in 1860 she made re-
turns of 672,035 inhabitants, only 15,000 behind
Maryland, and showed her wealth to be $467,-
918,324, exceeding that of Maryland by more than
one fourth.
But it is unnecessary to make contrasts between
different States. Ourown presentsthemostcom-
plete demonstration of the unprofitableness of sla-
very. Freedom has for many years past been
gradually gaining on slavery in Maryland. For
the last decade our State has been substantially
half free and half slave. From the counties north
and west of the Patapsco and Sassafras rivera
nearly all the slaves had disappeared, while al-
most the entire slave population had been gathered
to the south and east of those rivers. Down to
the boundary line between slavery and freedom
marched the conquering spirit of progress, carry-
ing in her train the blessings of prosperity and
industry, and there halted as peremptorily as
though a iiend in the way had barred all further
advance.
The free counties contained in 1850, 980,147
cultivated acres, while the slave counties had
1,747,623; but the free lands were valued at
§47,851,615, while the slave lands were worth
only $41,779,616. The farms m the slave coun-
ties average 143 acres, and are each worth §3,433.
The free farms, averaging only 101 acres, were
yet worth $4,935 each. The free land was worth
§48, the slave land $23 per acre.
But the increase in population is still more
marked. Exclusive of Baltimore city, there was
in 1790in the seven free counties a population of
105,457, which in 1860 had swelled to 232,301—
an increase of one hundred and twenty per cent.
The total population in the fourteen slave coun-
ties amounted in 1790 to 200,612, in 1S60 to only
242,330—an increase of only twenty per cent, la
seventy years the whole slave section had added
but 41,718 to its population, while in the same
time that of the entire free portion had incieased
325,603. It thus appears that the increment of
population in the slave counties was much less
than might have been expected from natural causes
alone; and that if the increase throughout the
State had been only in proportion to that of the
slave counties, our aggregate population in IbGO
would have been only 383,674 instead of 087,049.
In 1860, the total foieign population of the State
was 77,536, of which about one third, to wit,
24,248, was increase sincc 1850; but this immi-
gration was confined almost exclusively to the
free counties. In Cecil county, the only free
county of the Eastern Shore, there were in 1860
1,343 foreigners; in the other seven counties of
the same shore, all being slave counties "and con-
taining together more than five times the popula-
tion of Cecil, there were in all only 641 foreigner.
Not only did slavery prohibit immigiation; it did
worse. It condemned our own native-bom citi-
zens to banishment. In i860 there were 137,258
native Marylanders living in the other States of
the Union, while, on the other hand, we had re-
