890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
to see which shall make the most money; and if
we are to go to work and postpone the whole
business of the nation in this time of war, with
all these Indian tribes in our hands, suffering, and
aii the provisions that are necessary to be made
for theirsafuty, for legislation of this kind, I think
we had better resign our seats and go home. I
trust that the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that the day be changed to Tuesday, and
Monday assigned to Indian affairs, will prevail.
Mr. HALE. Is the motion divisible?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not, in
the opinion of the Chair. It is in fact but one
motion to make the bill the special order for a
certain day.
Mr. HALE. The motion is to postponeitand
make it the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thnt is only
the method of stating the question. It is in fact
one motion to make it a special order.
Mr. HALE. Then I will not make a speech,
further than to say that I entirely agree with the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope it will not be made a
special order at all. It will not, in my opinion,
hasten the action of the Senate on the bill. We
shall constantly lose time,as we have been losing;
it now, in discussing the question of the order of
business; and a special order at this period of the
session is little better than o>nuisance, let the bill
be what it may. There are various bills before
the body. I will not compare one with another
with repaid to the matter of importance; but I
will say they are of great importance, and re-
quire prompt action. One of them is a bill to
create a district and circuit court for (he State of
Nevada, commenced two days ago, which is the
unfinished business of the morning hour, upon
which the honorable Senator fiom Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] has the floor, his speech having been
cut short by the special order intervening and
cutting off further discussion on that subject.
Then there is the bankrupt bill, which has been
on the. table for nearly a fortnight, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and which i have been
watching a favoiable opportunity to ask action
upon from the d<iy it v/as lcpoittd until to-day,
without tiie least possible hope of getting it taken
up. That is a very important question. The
country is interested in it. It ha* passed the
House of Representative1?. I should desire greatly
to make that a specid! order, if there was a proba-
bility that by so doing I could hasten action upon
it. Hut 1 see no hope ofn. With these and like
bills alluded to by the Senator from Illinois and
the Senator from Wisconsin pending, i shall vote
against making any bill, no matter how import-
ant, a special order.
■Mr. _SH£LIA1AN. The Senate will now see
that n is scdtceiy worth while to continue a dis-
cussion about special orders m the future. I
therefore move that the pending bill be postponed,
With a view fo take up the Army appropriation
bill. The Senator from Michigan wdl be just as
well off' by now taking up the Army bill, as he
will have an oppoitumty on Monday to move to
take up his bill, when a majority can decide it;
but now two thirds is required to make it a special
order. I am satisfied that we only waste time in
this sort of discussion; and 1 trust,"therefore, that
we shall proceed to the consideration of the Army
biU.
Air. SUMNER. Before that is done I wish to
call attention to another measure on which the
Senate has not voted, and which has been under
consideration several days. I mean the repoit of
the conference committee on the Freedmen's
Bureau bill. Th."-Senator fiom Connecticut has
reminded us of the billon the table known as thp
bankrupt bill, which has never been acted on at
all. He proposes to press that on the attention
of the Senate. I think we had betterproceed with
business according to s ccrfain order and finish
what we commence. The Sencte has already
commenced the consideration of the bill of my
Iriond, ihc Senator from Michigan, relating to the
NV'W Jersey railways. It has a!.so commenced
the consideration of the report of the conference
^omuHttee on the Freedmen's Bureau. I think
i> wculd be belter economy of our time to orocefd
with therona'd-j at; on < if those measures and finish
th.-iri hrfoi • we take up the bills of my friend from
W tsc on Si n < 1, no wn as the Indian bills, or the bank-
rupt bill, wluch is in chaige of my friend from
Connecticut. I am in favor of the bankrupt bill;
I am in favor of the measures in charge of my
friend from Wisconsin; but 1 do notthink that the
time of the Senate will be saved if we push cither
of those measures against business on which the
Senate has already entered.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will pardon me,
I have not pushed the bill, and did not propose to
push it. I alluded to itasonethatl was desirous
to bring forward at the earliest moment; one that
was important, and that these special orders in-
terfered with, I thought, improperly.
Mr. DAVIS. " Monsieur Tonson come
again." [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. That is you, is it?
Mr. DAVIS. A spectator might inquire
whether that exclamation referred to the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts or to myself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I think it must be the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. Or the Freedmen's Bureau bill.
Now, Mr. President, I wish from the bottom of
my heart that that bill and the subject to which it
refers, without including the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts or myself, was in the sleep that knows
no waking. I trust that his freedmen's bill will
not be made a special order at this late period of
the session. Let it take its chances. I would
prefer that it should be postponed till the day of
judgment; but if it cannot be postponed thatlength
of time, at any rate, that it be carried, not into
the middle of next week, but into the middle of
the next session of Congress, and that we hear
no more of it at this session.
Mr. SUMNER. I can tell the Senator that he
will.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
A11.Y1 Y APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H, R. No. 6S'3)
making appropriations for the support of the
Armylortne yeXr ending the 30th of June, 186G,
which had been' sreported from the Committee
on Finance with an amendment to strike out the
following proviso $t the end of the bill:
Provided, That no motley appropriated f>y tin? act shall
housed for the purpose of pa\ ing any railway company
for the tiant-portnljon of^property or troop? of the looted
tes. when Mich company may have accepted a trrant of
land? fjnm Concurs ujfcm condition of furni«h;i)Lr -aid
tran?poitation fr -<> of toll or other charge. e\eppt m eucn
ea*es as have been modified by act of Con?re>-\
Mr. SHERMAN. IThis is a question of con-
siderable magnitude, upon which there will prob-
ably be a difference between the two Houses, and
it is better for us to understand it before we vote
upon it. If I can obtain the attention of the Sen-
ate 1 will explain it very briefly.
By the land grant to'the State of Illinois for
the construction of the Illinois railroad, it was
provided, referring to the lands granted by that
act:
"That the said land--hereby granted to the said State "hall
be subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof for the
purpo^s aforesaid, and no other; and the said railroad ami
brancaes shall he and remain a public highway for the
u*e of the Government of the United State*, iree'fiom toll
or other charge for the transportation of any property or
troops of the United States.-'
This provision was afterward inserted in all
the land grants made by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to the various States for the construc-
tion of railroads, and the same provision is
contained in the grants for canals and other pur-
poses. When the war broke out, a controversy
arose between the Government of the United
States and the land-grant roads, as they are called,
as to whether the companies were bound to trans-
port men and munitions of war for the Govern-
ment free of expense. The companies contended
that while this grant made their roads public
highways, which the Government had a right to
use as public highways free of tolls, yet they had
the right to ask of the Government "sufficient at
least to pay the running expenses of the road,
and they were not bound under the terms and con-
ditions of this grant to transport men and muni-
tionsof war without pay. This controversy con-
tinued for sonoe time, until finally an arrangement
was made between the Government of tin1. Uni-
ted States and the Illinois Central railroad, which
h; tiK- principal road interested , by which the Gov-
ernment pays to the.se railroads two thinUof the
| allowance made to other railroads. By an agree-
j ment made between the various railroads m the
f country and the United States, the railroads were
1 to receive two cents per mile for each soldier car-
ried, and a certain rate of tianspoitation. An
allowance was made to the land-giant roads, as
they were called, of tv/o thirds the allowance to
other roads. Sixty-six and two thirds per cent,
of that allowance was paid to the various land-
grant railroads for the use of their cars, and for
the use of the men employed upon them, and for
the use of machinery. The other third was re-
served for what are called the tolls or benefits re-
served under the land grant. This arrangement
'has been continued from 3861 to this time. The
whole of it exists in a letter, a copy of which I
propose to read:
War Department,  3u%u<>t 15. l?fil.
Sir: Upon consultation with the Quarterma-ter Gen-
eral it ha* been decided by this Department thai ill" clause
in yoin charter, -eetiou join, invos a clear rich t to tnuGov-
ernment of the United States to the use of \our loadw.ty,
without compensation, for the tran^poitation of it- troops
and its property. A? a pi ope r compen>auon for motive
power, cai>, and all other facilities incident to transporta-
tion, two cents per mile will be allowed lor parmer
travel, subject to a discount of thirty-three and one third
per cent. as due to Government foi charter privilege.*.
Payment for trnn^portationof freights, stoics, inumtif
of war, and othei public piopeny, will be made at Mich
reasonable rates as may be allowed to other railroad com-
panies, subject, however, to the abatement of thirty-three
and one thnd per cent., as before specified.
. The foregoing basis has been ananged with the distinct
understanding that transportation bhall he furnished b\ j our
company at such tunes and in such manner as the Gov-
ernment of the United States may require, and that preier-
ence shall be given to Governmenttianspoitation in aecmd-
anee with the requisitions of tins Department and of its
officers.
If this proposition is acceptable to your company, notice
in writing to that effect will be expected within ten days
fiom this date.
Very respectfully, \our obedient  erviuf,
SIMON* CAMERON,
et'-ny oj }'/ar.
W. II. Osborne, Esq.. Pi endcnt Illinois Central Radioud.
That proposition was acceptcd,in these words:
Of MCE OK THE ILLINOIS CLNTRAL RAILROAD Co.MPANY,
New York, jIu^uU 17, Icibl.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge your communi-
cation of the loth, containing the determination of the Gov-
ernment in relation to the use of the raihoadoi tlus com-
pany.
Under present circumstances, an important part of our
line is imperiled; an active cooperation with the Govern-
ment in mili-pen-able. and 1 beg to notify you that the prop-
ortion of the Govei nme'si is accepted.
The company will endeavor to forward tiie troop* and
property with the utmo-t piomputude, pretcrenee ulw-iys
being given a* indicated.
I am. sir, verj respectfully, vrnr obed^nt servant,
\v. ii. urinonxc,
President,
Hen. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War.
By this arrangement the Government of the
United States paid to the land-giant roads two
thirds of the price stipulated to be paid to other
railroads, reserving one third for the tolls, &c.,
provided for by thegrant. This arrangement was
continued, it seems, without any material objec-
tion until the present time. The Huuse of Rep-
resentatives, however, hate inserted the follow-
ing proviso in this bill:
That no money appropriated by this act shall be used for
the puipo^e of paving any raiiwa\ company for the trans-
portation orprope>ty or tioops of the Cn:tf d States, when
such company may hove accepted a grant of land- from
Uongie$s upon condition or tnriiHitnjr <vttd Iran-port ition
free of toll or other cbaige, except m'ssueh cases at have
been modified by act ot Congrev.
When this proviso came to the Committee on
Finance, we sent to the Department and have re-
ceived copies of the contract entered intobrtwei n
the Illinois Central railroad and tin. Government,
and we also called for the vnnvs of the Secretary
of War and the Quartermaster Gemral on tin
subject. The Secretary of War says, in sub-
stance, that this arrangement was in- existence
when he came into the Depmtmem; that he ex-
amined the subject, and he believed it wise to con-
tinue the arrangement. He said that if the Gov-
ernment should refuse to pay anything'to the
Illinois Central railroad, v.hich it employed vejy
much indeed, and the other land-grant railroads,
the effect would bo to stop the running of those
roads, and to compel the Government of the
United states, under the powers granted to it by
Congress, to seize and run the railroads on the
Governmontaeeount. TheSecietary, 1 think vi rv
properly, says, that any attempt to run a rmiroad
by the Government on Government account would
involve the Government in a much larger expeu.-o
thai! the atuuigemenl made by hh; predecessor
