124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
"Wfill speak in every word of this amendment. His
providence has nursed it into being. Out of the
hard discipline of civil war He has evoked and
made intelligible toallmenathoughtdivine, which
will ever serve as a guiding inspiration for the na-
tion in its toilsome search to discover by the lights
of experience the true philosophy of free govern-
ment. Therefore, when peace shall again reign
with unbroken sway from ocean to ocean and
from the lakes to the gulf, and freedom, no longer
vexed by the sight of a slave, shall sanctify to
perfect fruition the inestimable fruits of labor,
then, mindful of their great deliverance, let all the
people, as they emerge from the stormy waters
and tread again the dry land, join in the song of
him who aforetime led his brethren out of bond-
age:
"Who is like unto Thcc,0 Lord, among the gods? who
is like Thee, glorious in holiness, fearful m praises, doing
wonders?"
"Thou in Thy mercy hast led forth the people which
Thou hast redeemed: Thou hast guided them in Thy
strength unto Thy holy habitation."
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I beg leave
to detain the House but ten minutes. If 1 had a
speech to make I should have too much prudence
to deliver it until the eloquence of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Ckeswell] had ceased ring-
ing in our ears. But I wish to say a few words
upon the President's message. It is brief, (a great
virtue in public documents,) it treats of subjects
of deep importance, not only to this nation but to
the whole family of man. I do not think I am
extravagant when I say that it is the most im-
portant and best message that has been commu-
nicated to Congress for the last sixty years. The
style of an executive document is not always ex-
pected to be of the highest order, but is often crit-
icised by a carping Opposition. Although the
^President has never made much pretension to a
polished education, yet I nowhere see the least
fault found with the composition of his late mes-
sage. So deeply was he impressed with the great-
ness of his subject, so free from that vain-glorious
and selfish ambition that leads to tin inflated and
vicious taste, that he expressed his ideas in the
purest and simplest English, which, in my judg-
ment, is hardly surpassed by the happiest efforts
of Addison. This, however, is of but httle im-
portance compared with its principles.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
condemns two positions taken by the Piesidcnt.
I shall not attempt to answer his elaborate speech,
so full of literary and historic allusions, which in
superficial scholars might look like pedantry, but
in the learned gentleman are but the natural and
graceful overflow of a well-stored mind.
The two topics which he condemns are, first,
that the war must go on without seeking negoti-
ation; and second, that the war must continue
until slavery is abolished throughout the United
States.
I think the gentleman will find but few loyal
men who will agree with him that this Govern-
ment should sue for peace. For it must be re-
membered that very few of those who voted for
General McClellan were peace men. A few very
respectable rnembei sof the Democratic party wcic
desirous that the North should submit rather than
rontinue this civil strife. Mr. Vallandigham was
among the most prominent of that class. What-
ever may be said of him now, I have always
looked upon him as among the most able, sincere,
and gentlemanly of his party; yet when he lately
ran for office in his own State the people almost
unanimously deserted him. What could have
left my excellent and able colleagues on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means so far behind thedis-
tance-pole at the late election ? Their personal
accomplishments and high characters deserved a
better fate. But so hateful (to the people) was
the cowardly suggestion that we should lay down
our arms to armed rebels, that oven their virtues
did not save them from the overwhelming con-
demnation of the people. And yet when the in-
telligent electors of the nation so gloriously and
bravely determined that there should be no com-
promise with armed traitors, the gentleman from
New York condemns the President because he
did not disregard that instiaction and seek rec-
onciliation with parricides and rebels.
Sir, I give the Pi esident all honor for his course
on (ins question. Never had a man to decide so
important a question under such difficulties. He
was obliged to decide it for himself, not only un-
aided, but in the midst of the most distracting
counsels. I am disclosing no secret when I state
that his Cabinet has never been a unit. He could
receive no aid from them; and I am mortified to
be obliged to say that elsewhere, where he had a
right to expect wise suggestions, he found noth-
ing but timidity, hesitancy, and moral cowardice.
From the moment the great victory was known,
while salvos of cannon were proclaiming to the
world the virtue and firmness of the pe6ple, the
controlling journals of the party, and able gentle-
men whose standing seemed to justify them in
tendering their advice, joined in uiging the Pies-
ident to pursue the very course which the gentle-
man from New York now condemns him for not
doings.
It is easy to see what perplexities surrounded
him. The peace party of copperheads, and the
Chicago convention before the election, and his
own leading friends after the election, all beseech-
ing him to humble the nation before defiant trai-
tors and ask a compromise. He took counsel of
his own wiser judgment, stood firmly erect, and
saved the nation from disgrace. There never was
a day since Abraham Lincoln was elected Presi-
dent that he stood so high, or deserved to stand
so high in the estimation of the people as at this
moment. For purity of heartand firmness of char-
acter he would compare well with the best of the
conscript fathers. But the chief anxiety of the
gentleman is to save from destruction the darling
institution of the Democratic party, the institution
of human bondage. Thegentleman condemns the
President's determination to insist on the aban-
donment of slavery.
In this every man of real humanity and justice
throughout the whole world will differ with the
gentleman, and posterity will record their abhor-
rence of his doctrines in impartial history.
There was a time in our history when the gen-
tleman might excuse himself for protecting slavery
by the provisions of the Constitution. But as
war, declared by the rebel belligerent, has abro-
gated that obligation, and broken the ligament
that tied us to that infamous institution, he can
have no excuse, no palliation for Ins defense of
it but his innate love of its homd principles.
And yet the gentleman has exhausted the stoics
ofancient and modern history, sacred and pro-
fane, in its defense.
He declares us extinction impossible, and says
that no nation ever attempted to produce homo-
geneity among its inhabitants. He tells us that
neither Rome nor Greece, neither the Acheean
league, nor any other confederate nation, found
homogeneity possible, and hence it is not possible
here.
If the gentleman means by homogeneity that
all the people must be of one race, then he is right.
Confederations are supposed to be of deficient
tribes and languages. But Rome did not hesitate
to incorporate conquered nations among her own
citizens. She seized the Sabine women for their
wives. When she conqumed Alba she not only
transported the inhabitants to Rome, but colo-
nized the conquered country. But the question of
homogeneity has nothing to do with the abolition
of slavery. If the gentleman had shown thatcon-
federationscould have no uniform laws opciating
over all their members, he would have argued to
the point. This is a question of the uniformity
of national laws operating over the whole repub-
lic. If our national organic law be so improved
as to exclude slavery from the nation, what is
there to prevent its uniformity throughout the
Republic? When the assembly of the Achaean
league passed a law, it bound every member
of the confederation. When the Aniphictyonic
council decreed, it pervaded every State within
its jurisdiction. When the Swiss council pass
laws, they operate equally through every canton.
In all of these cases the municipal laws of each
member of the confederacy remained, except
where they were in conflict with the national law.
In our Republic we have laws acting uniformly
over eveiy State. Where they are in conflict
with the local municipal laws, the latter must give
way. In all things else the States are supreme.
Our revenue laws are uniform—the same in
South Carolina as in Massachusetts; and any ad-
verse municipal law of the State would be void.
Our laws regulating the Army and Navy are uni-
form. Our national bankrupt laws reach over the
whole Union, and annihilate any opposing State
bankrupt law. The Constitution itself ptovides
for its own amendment. There is no subject with
reference to which it cannot be amended. If,
then, the amendment recommended by the Presi-
dent, and supported by the Republican party,
abolishing and forever prohibiting slavery withm
the Republic should prevail, what is there to pre-
vent its operating uniformly over every State ?
The local laws, where not controlled by the para-
mountConstitution, would still exist. It will take
sharp eyes to see anything in the historical cases
cited by the gentleman that militates against the
possibility or feasibility of such a homogeneity, if
the gentleman calls it by that name. Uniformity
in the laws relative to slavery is all that is asked;
that is rendered impossible only by the sturdy
defense which the gentleman and his associates
make for the most inhuman and now the most
despised of human villainies. The gentleman
wishes the war to cease; so do we all. There is
one way by which the gentleman and his friends
can end" it.
Those who believe that a righteous Providence
punishes nations for national sins believe that
this tenible plague is brought upon us as a pun-
ishment for our oppression of a harmless race of
men inflicted without cause and without excuse
forages. I accept this belief; for I remember that
an ancient despot, not so cruel as this Republic,
held a people in bondage—a bondage much lighter
than Ametican slavery; that the Lord oid^red
him to liberate them. He refused. His whole
people were punished. Plague after plague was
sent upon the land until the seventh slew the first-
born of every household ; nordid they ceaseuntil
the tyrant "let the people go." We have suffered
more than all the plagues of Egypt; more than
the first-born of every household has been taken.
We still harden our hearts and refuse to let the
people go. The scourge still continues, nor do
I expect it to cease until we obey the high behest
of the Fatherof men. We arc aboutto have an-
other opportunity to obey this command. We
aie about to asceitain the national will by another
vote to amend the Constitution. If gentlemen
opposite will yield to the voice of God and hu-
manityand vote for it, I verily bciieve the sword
of the dcstioying angel will be stayed and tins
people be reunited. If we still harden our heaits
and blood must still flow, may the ghosts of the
slaughtered victims sit heavily upon the souls of
those who cause it. If it were given to man to
look back fiom a future world and know what
posterity will say of them, I fear the gentleman
from New York, when he has gone hence and left
nothing but his fame behind, would blush at the
record which impaitial hi&toiy will make on this
subject.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, this debate has
been confined hitheito to the other side. I dislike
to intcnupt its fraternal tone; nor shall i call
attention to questions that are foregone, discussed,
and disposed of in the late election. But after
the remarks of gentlemen something should be
heard fiom this side of the Chamber.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] follows the example of the President in Ins
message; he makes an eai nest appeal tousof tins
side to vote for the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery. He has made that appeal in
a well-digested speech and with more than usual
solemnity—in the name of God and humanity.
He has also refetred to the gentleman from Now
York, [Mr. Brooks,] who will no doubt give him
a fitting answer. It is only my purpose now to
return the interest taken "by gentlemen in our
opinions and future action, and to make an ap-
peal to my friend ftoin Pennsylvania and to the
gentlemen with whom he is so paternal. I make
this appeal with all the earnestness of my nature;
not in the name of the avenging God whom he
invokes, but in the name of the God of mercy,
that if it be possible, the further effusion of blood
in this most unhappy country shall be stayed.
The gentleman will tell me, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Creswell] has said, that
there is no opportunity of producing such a result
without making a peace that would be dishonor-
able; that we have no sign from the rebel authori-
ties at Richmond indicating anything except that
