1865.
THE CON"GRESSI-Qls'AL, QLQBE.
He says, however, he has paid the Illinois 'Cen-
tral Company no money under this arrangement
except under protest, reserving the right to re-
cover it back according to the processor the com-
mon law. as money received without authority,
lie says, whether it is worth while to reserve this
reservation or not is for Congress to determine;
but at any rate, he says, the refusal of the Gov-
ernment to make' them an allowance at least for
their running expenses, will be substantially to
compel the Government of the United States to
. run all these railroads; a consummation that he
wishes to avoid. We have also a letter from the
Quartermaster General to the same effect. I think
the officers of the Government have endeavored
to protect the interests of the Government in this
arrangement; and after the most careful consid-
eration we could give to it, we were of the opinion
that it would be unwise for Congress by aproviso
to an appropriation bill to disturb this arrange-
ment, and therefore we propose to strike it out.
1 have got a number of documents and papers
here on the subject, which I will not read to the
Sen.ite unless further information is desired. I
believe that finally the committee were unani-
mously of the opinion that it was wise to strike
out this provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you offer any substitute
for it?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I will state an-
other thing in regard to the railroads in Missouri.
Congress have already relieved them from this
stipulation by authorizing the Secretary of War
to pay them the ordinary rates paid to other rail-
road companies. The ground of this action by
Congress was that those roads had been so ftiuch
interfered with and destroyed by the public enemy
that it was impossible to continue running them
unless the Government would pay the ordinary
transportation. That arrangement has been car-
ried into effect by the War Department; but as
against the other railroads, such as tbeI,owa, Min-
nesota, Illinois, and Michigan roads, the plan has
been to give to them two thirds of the ordinary
allowance. We are satisfied that all these roads
with the exception of the Illinois Central, would
be destroyed and stopped if the Government should
insist upon not paying them anything, and yet
use them whenever they desired for the transporta-
tion of troops and munitions of war.
The Illinois Central railroad, however, is pecu-
liar in this particular. It is a powerful corpora-
tion, having a grant infinitely greater than any
other greCnt ever given by the Government to a
railroad; a grant of land which I believe is now
worth $17,000,000. I suppose the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad might conduct their operations and
might carry on their business if the Government
should refuse to pay them anything. The officers
of the road say they cannot. The War Depart-
ment think they can; but the probability is that
it would be a substantia! destruction of their fran-
chise; that the Government transportation which
is fully equal to one thiid of the whole transporta-
tion over the road, would use up and consume
all the profits of the road; and it would require all
that could be received from private individuals
from transportation to pay the ordinary expenses
of the road. My impression is that the effect
would be to compel the Government of the United
States, in order to secure transportation over that
great line of travel, to seize the road and run it on
.its own account, and the result of that would be
injurious to the public service. *
By adopting the suggestion pf the Committee
on Finance,and striking out this proviso, itleaves
the question precisely where tjrte War Department
have left it. The United States have the right to
test the^question at any time by refusing to pay
this money, or by suing in the courts to recover
it back. We thought it very unwise to burden
and embarrass an appropriation bill; an appro-
priation bill for the support of the "Army, con-
taining only appropriations for the supportof the
Army", involving some $511,000,000, by a provis-
ion involving a controverted question of law, and
involving a contract which has been acquiesced
in by both parties for something like four years;
■which has been carried out by both parties in
good faith. It seemed to us unwise by a provis-
ion attached to an appropriation bill to break up
this contract without very grave consideration.
1 can say further that this matter is now before
the Committee on. Military Affairs, where they
can more maturely consider it, and report any
bill that is necessary to preserve the public inter:
ests. It is manifest that if this proviso should be
adopted in the words sent to us by the House it
would destroy all the western railroads,commonly
called land -gran t railroads, except the I llinois Cen-
tral, and that that road, although a very power-
ful corporation, would scarcely be able to stagger
under the load.
Complaint has been made.to the Committee on
Finance that the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany have abused the privileges granted to them
by the law; that they have raised the price of
transporting passengers to seven cents a mile,
and have unreasonably raised the price of trans-
porting the produce of the farmers 6f the country.
That question we could not go into. If, as has
been stated, that road charges seven cents a mile
for transporting passengers it is certainly unrea-
sonable, and there certainly ought to be some
way to protect the Government and the citizens
of Illinois and the whole country from such un-
reasonable and improper conduct-
Mr. JOHNSON. Are not the tolls limited?
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems the tolls are not
limited. I do not know whether that is so ortiot.
We did not examine into that question, because
we considered that we had nothing to do with it.
The reason why this proviso was attached, I
have no doubt, was because this corporation, a
great and powerful pne, in the opinion at least of
one Representative in the House of Representa-
tives who lives on the line of the road, and in the
opinion of many citizens, have abused the fran-
chise granted to them by the State of Illinois.
This was a question the State of Illinois was bet-
ter able to manage than we. It is said that the
State of Illinois in granting the lands to the Illi-
nois Central railroad neglected to limit the price
of transportation and passengers. If so, it was
a very grpat error. The Government of the Uni-
ted States has certainly made a reasonable bar-
gain to protect its own interests.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether it is
very clear that under the grants made to these
several railroads, including the Illinois Central,
they were to carry the troops and munitions of
war of the United States free of charge. In look-
ing at the particular clause of the grant which is
supposed to create that obligation, it does not ap-
pear to me to be perfectly certain that that is the
correct interpretation of thegrant. Butassuming
it to be so, I am at a loss to know by what au-
thority the Secretary of War has entered into an
engagement to pay to these companies that com-
pensation which he promised; and as I under-
stand the Senator to say that he has paid it under
protest; the object of that protest being to place
the United States in the condition in which they
can recover the money back hereafter, it seems to
me to be desirable that we should guard against
what would be an implication, perhaps, in the
courts, by striking out this proviso, that we had
no objection at all to that arrangement. The case
will then be in this situation: the United States
may waive, if they think proper, their right to
use these roads free of expense, and the Secre-
tary has attempted to do it in point of fact. He
agrees to pay a certain amount of compensation,
and that he has paid or is in the process fcf pay-
ing. He says he makes the payment under pro-
test; but the matter is brought before Congress,
and a proposition is made to take from hip the
right to continue that engagement, and m|tke it
his obligation to recover the money back, and
Congress strikes out that provision. Nqw, it
seems to me the inference will be that in pojintof
law the Congress of the nation have assented to
that arrangement; and if so, although therS was
no authority upon the part of the Secretary to
make the arrangement, because it was the obli-
gation of the company to carry the troops .and
munitions of war free of expense, the company
may hereafter, perhaps successfully, rely upon
the principle that Congress has itself sanctioned
it by refusing to interfere with it. I submit that
question to the honorable member, whether it is
necessary to do it in this bill or in some other
bill, is a matter, perhaps, that admits of some
doubt. J asked the honorable chairman whether
he proposed any substitute for this proviso. I
do not know that any substitute could be pro-
posed, the object being to get clear of the proviso;
but in some form Or other, either in this bill or in
some other bill, if we mean" to maintain mirright
to use these roads free of expense and to Retain
the right to recover back all the money that has
been-already paid,'or may hereafter be paid, *'wa
had better exclude the inference that • lire"have
assented to this arrangement.
Mr.SHERMAN. The Committeeon finance
did not undertake to decide definitely the legal ac-
tion involved. ■ Perhaps a bvirf statement of'the
legislation of Congress on tfRs subject will be the
clearest opiniori that f can express.
As early as 1819 Congress granted tq turnpike
companies public land t6 aid in buildmg uo^ds;
and this very same langtiiige Was'used in mak-
ing the grants to turnpike companies^reserving to
the Government of the United States the right to
go over those roads free of toll. As a matter of
course, from the very nature of the improvement,
that would not compel the turnpike companies
to carry the servants and property of the United
States over the roads, but simply to allow them
to pass over toll free. When we came to grant
lands to canal companies the very same words
were used; that is, the Governmentof the United
States had the right to use the canal free of toll.
No one would claim that this would compel the
canal company to furnish the canal-boats to trans-
port the property and soldiers of the United States;
because the boats in the one case, and thertfarriages
or stages in the other,are, from the-verjl nature of
the company, owned by someone elscjiftidn'ojjby
the company.
The trouble was, when Mr. Douglas—for I pre-
sume he framed the first law on the subject of land
grants to railroads—framed the law granting lands
to the State of Illinois, or the Illinois Central rail-
road, he used the same language in regard to rail-
roads that had been used in turnpike and canal
charters; but as railroad'companies always use
their own carriages and drive their own locomo-
tives it raised the question whether or not more
was reserved as against a railroad than was re-
served as against a canal or a turnpike company.
To give" to the United States a right of way over
a railroad,and nothing else, is an absurdity'; be-
cause if the United States should attempt to run
its cars over that railroad, and other people hfed
the right to run their cars for hire over the road,
as a matter of course collisions would be unavoid-
able, and the destruction of the road would fol-
low.
This was a controverted point, which was ar-
gued at considerable length by the attorneys of
the railroad. I 'hold in my hand a report made
by a very excellent lawyer, who was a member
of the Committee on the Judiciary of the House
of Representatives, Mr. Porter, of Indianapolis,
in which he comes to the conclusion that the rail-
road companies were bound to carry in their cars
the property of the United States, on the ground
that the United States could have no benefit from
the reservation of the charter unless that was the
intention of the Legislature. That is his ground.
We have arguments pro and con.
But the Secretary of War, when he made the
arrangement in August, 1861, came to a different
conclusion. He drew a distinction between the
right of way and the use of the carriages and
servants of the railroad company, and he allowed
sixty-six and two thirds per cent, for the usfe of
the carriages, the rolling stock, and the servants
of the railroad, and deducted thirty-three per cent,
for the right of way. This is the arrangement
that has been made and continued from that time
to this. There has been no definite'judicial de-
cision about it. It is a legal question upon which
a good deal may be said. The difficulty grows-
out of the faulty legislation of Congress in using
the same language in regard to a railroad that had
been previously used m regard to a canal, or'a
turnpike company, or any other highway, as
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] sug-
gests.
Under these circumstances the Committee on
Finance thought it unwise arid inexpedient for us
to legislate on thisjggal question, involving the
use of nearly three thousand miles of railway, on
an appropriation bill. By striking out this pfc-
viso we simply leave the contract to stand where
it now stands. The United States undoubtedly
will have the right to sue for and recover back
this money if the company was bound to trans-
port the troops and munitions of war of the Uni-
