126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
fore, whether it is best to send commissioners or
agents, or receive from them commissioners here;
whether by ascertaining if they will meet us in
national convention and abide by its judgment in
all points in dispute, or whether we should, to
use the language of General McClellan, echoed
now by Mr. Greeley, exhaust all the arts of Chris-
tian and civilized statesmanship and the tradi-
tions of our nation to bring these recusants back
to their old Constitution. Civilization as prac-
ticed by the most refined nations regards every
effort at peace as humane and honorable; and
Christianity would regard, even toward the hea-
then, and certainly toward our brethren, all such
efforts as inspired by the very genius of humanity,
moderation, and mercy. In this spirit let us
make some effort. T£Vy it. No harm can come
from trying; and if it fail, we on this side of the
Chamber will bo better ready to consider your
proposition to change the organic law.
Mr. Chairman, I would like before I conclude
to have read from the Clerk's desk the resolutions
which I shall hereafter propose to the House.
They are almost in the language of the editorial
in the Tribune, modified to suit the circumstances
under which they are offered. The civilized or
Chiistian portion of the Republican party shall
have a chance of putting themselves on the record
before they ask formally for a vote on the consti-
tutional amendment. I ask to have the resolu-
tions read.
The resolutions were read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Whereas the countiy hails with manifestations of pniri-
oticjoy and congratulation the victoi ies recently achieved
by <>m brave iimucsj and whereas "tile iccognizcd object ot
wai, atlfi^-t among civilized and Olni-tian nation*, is. .m
honorable and satisfactory pcacc ; and that although vve do
not know that the insurgents arc yet picpared to agree to
any terms ot pacification th.it out Govern in en teithei would
•or *houldd'?em acceptable, yot as theie can be nopn^iblo
harm ie- ulting fioui ascemuninc precisely whrit theyan*
ready to do; and in older to icfute the imputation th;U the
Adnuuistiution contemplates with saUMaction a contin-
uance of hostilities lor their own sake, on any pound of
mere punctilio, or for any leason tiian because it is com-
pelled, by an ab^oibm^ regard for the vety end* ol its exist-
ence and whereas £,an establishedand  i<ihtly constituted
(Government, combating aimed and menacing icbellion,
should s-train eveiy neive to overcome at the eaiiiot mo-
ment tlie resistance it encounters, and i-houid nor mciely
welcome, but seek, satUfactoiy (however informal) a^sur-
anci^ that its end has been aitained-" Therefore,
Ursolic!, That now, in this hum of vietoiy, which is the
hour of magnanimity, and before any action bo taken to
change the Constitution of the United States, it i> emi-
nently the duty ot the i'rc.-identj on the ba^ ol' the pies-
ent " tighttully constutUcdCovciniucm," either to s ond or
receive' commissioners or agents*, with a view to national
pacification and tranquillity, or by some other lational
means known to civilized and Chii>tian nations, secure the
cessation of hostilities and the union of the States.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont he kind enough to withdraw that motion for
a few moments ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly, jf the gentleman
desires it.
Mr. PRUYN. I have only a very few words
to say, and I am sorry that the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steybns] is not
present to hear them.
Mr. STEVENS. I am here.
Mr. PRUYN. I beg your pardon, sir. I am
very glad that you are here.
I have only to call attention to the very great
change that has taken place in the sentiments of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania on the subject
of the rebellion and of the status of the people of
the southern States. We on this side of the
Chamber—I,at least, speaking for myself, and I
believe for the body of my friends—claim that the
Union has never been dissolved, but that it exists
in its integrity till this day; that the people of the
South are rebels against the laws and the Consti-
tution; and that the whole object of the present i
struggle is to put down that rebellion and bung !
the rebels back to obedience. |
In the very memorable speech which the gen- j
tleman from Pennsylvania made to this House at i
the last session, perhaps the most'memorablc of |
the session, and which was listened to with the ;
greatest interest on both sides of the House, he !
told us, in substance, that by the proclamation of
blockade in 1661 we had acknowledged the South !
as belligerents; that they were a foreign Power;
that the war was a war between nationalities, and |
was not a war to put down the rein llion, and,
consequently, that the rebels had all the lights of
belligerents, were entitled to be treated as such,
and had been treated as such by all the Powers of
Europe; and that we, in consequence of the act
of our own Government, were bound to treat them
in the same way. But now I understand that
gentleman to have entuely reversed his position,
and to claim that the people of the South are
simply rebels against our laws, and that the war
is carried on to put down the rebellion. In that
he does not occupy the position which he occu-
pied during: the last session.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, how did I
make myself so misunderstood? Fromwhatdoes
the gentleman infer that I have changed my
opinion ?
Mr. PRUYN. I will quote the language which
the gentleman used last year.
Mr. STEVENS. I lemember very well what
I said last year; but wherein have I changed? i
have only said that the South having for a time
maintained their independent government and
raised armies, and we having blockaded their
ports and Europe having deemed them belligerents,
they were by the laws of nations belligerents. 1
tried to prove that, and thought I had done so. I
tried to prove that they stood in relation to us, m
their belligerent character, the same as any for-
eign nation. 1 hold the same now, and I do not
know to what the gentleman rcfeis when he sup-
poses that I have changed that opinion. I hold
still just what I held then. And I hold further
that they shall never, by my vote, come back into
the Union unless as new States organized from
conquei ed territory.
Mr. PRUYN. I am quite right, Mr. Chair-
man, in the view that 1 took, and I will quote
only one or two paragraphs fromthegentleman's
speech of last year, to show that if i understood
correctly what he said this morning—and I think
the committee agrees with me in that understand-
ing—his position now is utterly inconsistent with
the ground he assumed last year. Speaking of
the rebel States, the gentleman says:
" No one acquainted with the niatrsittudrof thi«content
can deny to it the ehataetei of a civil wai. i'\n ne.uly
tlnec ycais the eonfcdei,,te States ha\e maintained then
declaiation of mdrpi-ndcnec hi lou-e of :u in-. Ti ii", they
have met wilh wid dele:it>. I'm -n'-ee^ I,a-, not Ixvu all on
one «ulo. Hut what lender then po-i'imi b< jond eontro-
vei*y ic, the gicat 1'ower- or Euiope ha\e acknowledged
them us brilindent-, cut Hied 11 om {oici^ii nation-- to equal
lights with the paient Government. What i-sMl mmc
conclusive, we have acknowledged ihem as beiligeicnts
om^eives With uufuiiunarc h.wc we blockaded then
polls. A blockade i-sdeelaied onlyngun^i a Iom isn nation,
il they were still luenibeis ot the Union w e should tepcal
the laws establishing poitsof entry. A nation doc> not
blockad'- it-elf. We luveticatcd thru captive -o'diei-, as
piisoners of war, not as rebels ; we have cMfciianyed piis-
oncrs ; vve have sent and iceeived Hags of ttiue. Thus is
not the usage aw aided to an unoigaiuzcd banditti."
Now the gentleman comes here tins morning
and claims that they are not a foreign nation.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, I made use of no
such expression, and nothing which can be tor-
tured into it.
Mr. PRUYN. Very well; then the gentleman's
position is not quite so favorable as 1 supposed it
to be, Whatdoesheclaim? For what were his ci-
tations from Scripture brought before this House,
except to show that we were to execute vengeance
upon these people ? lie spoke of them this morn-
ing as rebels, if I am not mistaken.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cited Scripture to show that
the Lord punished us for not abolishing slavery;
and that He would continue to punish us until we
did abolish it; not that He was punishing the
South.
Mr. PRUYN. Not in one view of the case, I
grant. But I certainly understood the gentleman
to say, as well as I could understand him at the
distance I sat from him, that it was our duty,
our moral duty, our religious duty, to go and put
down this rebellion as a rebellion, and not as a con-
test with a foieign Power. If I misunderstood
him I beg his pardon. .But I ceitainly think the
House will concur with me in that view of the
matter, and that the report of the debate will
bear out that view.
Now, in reference to this point, which is one
of the most important which was ever discussed
in this House, and which brought the adminis-
tration of this Government before foreign nations
in the light of having virtually, through its promi-
nent public men, admitted the Souih to be bel-
ligerents. Now, if such be the construction given
by this Government to our position toward the
South, what right have we to complain of the con-
duct of the Powers of Europe in acknowledging
the South as belligerents?
Shortly after this discussion took place,I referred
to it in a conversation with a distinguished officer
of the Army, one who stands high in the estima-
tion of the Republican party, not only as a mili-
tary but as a political leader. He said he per-
fectly understood the position of Mr. Stevens,
and that he had thought much of the views he had
expressed. I said to him, " What righthave we
to find fault with the conduct of England in ref-
erence to the acknowledgment of the belligerent
riirhtsof the South ?" And his prompt reply was,
" None, whatever." Now we are to look upon
these belligerents as one thing or the other.
Mi. STEVENS. I will ask the gentleman
whether, after a people have maintained thiee
years of civil war, have formed a government,
have raised armiesand maintained their existence
for thice years, does the gentleman blame Eng-
land, Fiance, or anybody else, for acknowledging
them as belligerents—not acknowledging their in-
dependence ? Does the gentleman so undeistand
the law of nations?
Mr. PRUYN. I did not. I was only stating
tiie position assumed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mi. Stevens,] and others who hold
with him.
Mr. STEVENS. I never assumed that posi-
tion.
Mr. PRUYN. I claim that we are putting
down a rebellion, not fighting a foreign nation,
not fighting another nation. We commenced the
attempt to enforce our Constitution and our laws.
In that we are engaged. Every nation enforces
its laws as it pleases. If there is a street brawl,
you send out the police force of the city to put it
down. If the sheriff is resisted in the serving of
his piocess, you call out a competent posse comi-
tatus to aid him. If it assumes larger proportions
you call out the military. Yet the gentleman
thinks tiiat because we instituted the blockade to
a.v.ist in the enforcement of our laws, we theieby
acknowledge the South to be belligerents. I deny
the infeience; for in that proclamation of block-
ade, as I have before stated to the House, the oc-
casion of it is distinctly set forth; the world is
told that it is one of the means employed to put
dovvn the rebellion; and it closes with this signifi-
cant declaration, which no publicist in the world
can misconstrue: that when any person claiming
any right on the high seas under this pretended
confederation of States shall molest the commerce
of the United States, that person shall be deemed
guilty of pnacy. Is that the language which one
belligerent holds with regard to another? No,
never; and I insist upon it that the President, by
his proclamation of blockade, issued in 1861,
never meant to acknowledge the South as belliger-
ents, and by no fair construction of that instru-
ment can they be made such.
Now, sir, the remarks made this morning by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Creswell,]
in advance of the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—and I had supposed those of the
latter gentleman to partake somewhat of the same
character, but he denies it, and I am bound to
believe his /statement—treated this controversy
as one in which we were to inflict upon the South
not only subjugation, but, as it were, vengeance.
Now, sir, 1 utterly detest any such doctrine.
Venegance is not for us. The Almighty, in His
wisdom, may inflict upon man such penaltiesand
judgments as He pleases. We are bound down
to certain rules of humanity and religion; for He
has said to us, in words which cannot be mis-
taken, " Vengeance is mine; I will repay."
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Donnelly reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the President's annual
menage, and had come to no resolution tlscieon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, of New
Yoik, the House (at twenty-five minutes after
three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
