892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ted States free of expense. The Senator from ;
Vermont [Mr. CollamerJ shakes his head.
If the company was bound to transport the men
and munitions of the Government, and, as a con-
dition for tiansporting them, exacted from the
Government this money,it seems to me the Uni-
ted States might recover it back. Bat if there is
.any desire on the part of any Senator to reserve
to the United States this right, I have not the
slightest objection to it. When you come to draw
such a provision you will find it very difficult to
accomplish your purpose.
On the whole, the Committee on Finance
thought, considering that this was the Army ap-
propriation bill, that we ought to strike out this
provisoes not being germane or pertinent to the
matter of the bill, and that we ought not by such
a provision to interfere with the operations of the
Guvernmentacquiesced in now for some three or
four years, under which the Illinois Central rail-
road have carried hundreds of thousands of our
soldiers, and thousands of tons of our transporta-
tion, and for which they have received, I be-
lieve,a million dollars—I do notstate it precisely
—and are entitled at this momentunder the con-
tract to receive in the neighborhood of half a
million more.
The question is of very little importance when
applied to any other railroad, because to enforce
the rigid rule claimed upon other railroads would
be to absolutely destroy them. There is no doubt
that the land grants to the other railroads are not
to he compared in value to the burden this re-
striction would be upon them; and it would be
far better for them to surrender to the Govern-
ment of the United States all their land grants
than to hold those lances subject to the restrictions
of the bill construed as it is now proposed.
But in regard to the Illinois Central railroad it
is very different. Owing to the rapid improve-
ment of the State of Illinois, the rapid develop-
ment of that country,and the enormous value of
the lands, the- land grant to the Illinois Central
railroad is estimated at from fifteen to thirty mil-
lion dollars; and perhaps they are able and could
carry during this war the men and munitions of
war of the Government without charge.
It is to be remembered, too, that when this
grant was made Congress could not have con-
templated such a state of affairs as that in which
we are now involved. If this only applied to
the old regular Army, to the transportation of a
few thousand, or ten thousand, or twenty thou-
sand, or even one hundred thousand men, it would |
be very difFeient; but it could not have been with- !
in the contemplation of Congress at the time this
provision was made that this corporation should
be required to transport half a million men, as I "
have no doubt they have done during the opera-
tions of this war. That is a ground, it is true,
that does not affect the legal question, the legal
obligation to carry these men and munitions of
war free of charge; but it is a very equitable
consideration, which Congress would be bound
to consider, and which was considered by the
Secretary of War when he made the arrangement
in August, 3861.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr, President, the motion
now before the Senate is to strike out the proviso
at the end of the bill which is now under discus-
sion. That proviso declares—
Th.it no hioiipy appropriated by this act shall be used for
the purp:wf of paying any railway company lor the trans-
portation ot propmty or troops of the United States, when
s-uch companj may have accepted a grant of land from
Con^re.v- upon condition ot furnishing said transportation
free of toil or uUim charge, except m such cases as have
been modified hy act oi Connies-.
This proviso, I suppose, was inserted in the
bill by the House of Representatives for the pur-
pose of foreclosing and stoppmgany furtherpay-
merits being made to this description of railroads
by the Secretary of War, inasmuch as he has
heretofore paid out Inr^e sums of money to rail-
road companies which have been aided by the
land grants heretofore made by Congress. It is
said that this would leave jgiattcrs in statu quo;
and I suppose some gentl°men may expect that
if-these payments by the Secretary of War were
riot authonz°d by the statute, they may be re-
covered back again in an action for money had
and received, or in some appropriate form of ac-
tion. [ Jo nut suppose .so. If the money thus
paid out by the Secretary of War has been paid
voluntarily, w ithout coercion, without fraug* and
with a full knowledge both of the facts and of the !
law relating to the case, it is impossible that in j
any court of law or equity there can be a recov- j
ery of the money paid. The person holding the !
money would be entitled to continue to hold it 1
upon the ground that it was a voluntary payment
by the United States. Such I understand to be
the law of the case.
The main question arising on this motion is one
involving the just and true interpretation of the
acts of Congress heretofore passed making appro-
priations of land to such companies. In the case
of the Illinois Central railroad, and in all cases
of land grants to railway companies in my own
State, and 1 dare say in grants made in other
States, the following is the language employed
by Congress:
"That the said lands hereby granted to the said State
shail be subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof
fin the purposes aforesaid, and no other, and the said rail-
loads shail be and remain public highways tor the u^e of
tin* Government of the United States,free fiom toll orotlier
charge upon the transportation of any property or troops
of the United States."
In interpreting a statute we are bound to look
cafefully to the subject-matter to which it relates,
and to construe it with reference to the natural ob-
jects and purposes of that subject-matter. It is
idle to pretend in reference to a railroad that it can
be worked, or that cars can be run and employed
upon it, by any third person. The universal prac-
tice, I believe, is that the corporation itself uses
and runs the cars; because, as has been very prop-
erly remarked by the Senator from Ohio, if other
persons were allowed to introduce cars upon their
railroad tracks and to run them, collisions would j
ensue, and the very object which the public had j
in view in granting the charter would be defeated j
by the confusion thus created. When this stat- j
ute was passed, undoubtedly it was in the mind ,
of Congress, it was a part of the intention of the !
Legislature, that this tiansportation mentioned in I
the clause should be carried on and perfected by t
the respective companies themselves. Was it in- [
tended that the United States, whenever they j
wished to transport property over one of these ;
roads, might be at the trouble of purchasing or j
building their own cars, introducing them upon I
the track, manning and equipping them in their j
own way, and running according to their own ■
time and m their own manner? Was this in- j|
tended? Is it possible that Congress entertained an :•
intention so absurd and so self-destructive as this ij
would seem to be? It seems to me n is impossi- j
ble to entertain any such idea. If, then, it was
the intention of Congress, in speaking of trans- j
portation upon these roads, that the word " trans-
portation" should be used in its ordinary and com-1
mon acceptation, it follows logically that it was j
the intention of Congress that the company per- i
forming the act of transportation should be re- j
strained forever from imposing any tax or any <
charge upon the transportation. The language is: |
" The said railroad shall be and remain a public highway I
for the use of the Government of the United States, free
from toll or other charge upon the transportation of any
property or troops of the United States."
And it seems to me too plain for argument that
this transportation thus performed for the United
States was to be performed by the company in
the same way that they perform transportation for
any other customer. If, therefore, I am right in
this interpretation of the clause, it follows clearly
enough, does it not, sir, that the company is re-
strained from imposing any toll or any charge
whatever as against the United States for the trans-
portation of their property or troops upon this
road. I venture the surmise that had the idea been j
started in discussion at the time this law was under j
discussion in Congress, that the whole privilege
thus granted to the United States was to employ
their own cars upon the roads that might be con-
structed by these land grants, and that the sole
exemption which they could claim was an ex-
emption from the payment of the cost of rolling
the carsover the road, these statutes would never
have been passed. What is the exemption ac-
cording to the other construction ? Why, plainly
this, that the United States shall not be charged
anything for running and rolling its cars over the
iron tracks thatare laid by the company; and that
that is the whole extent of the exemption. I con-
fess that that, to my mind, is a very unfair ami u
very unnatural interpretation to give to the lan-
guage. It possibly would bear that interpreta-
tion, but it leads to an absurd result, to an absurd
conclusion; and you are notat liberty to take that
interpretation which leads to an absuid conclu-
sion, or which tends to defeat what was manifestly
the intention of the Legislature. I therefore hope
that this clause will not be stneken out, but that
it will be retained.
Mr. COWAN. 1 move to amend this proviso
by striking out the word 11 no" in the mie hun-
dred and fifty-third line, and after the Word " act"
in that line, inserting the words " or any other
act;" and in the one hundred and fifty-fourth hnc
by striking out the words " shall be," and to in-
sert the word "and;" and in line one hundred
and fifty-eight, after the word *' charge " by strik-
ing out the words, " exceptinsuch cases as have
been modified by act of Congress," and inserting
in lieu thereof the following words;
Shall be subject to future adjustment betwe.-n ilie Hin-
ted States and said company, it not b.-iug intended to ad- 
mil the right ot said companies 10 compensation tor such
transportation.
The proviso will then read, as I propose to
modify it:
Provided, That money Appropriated by this act or any
other act, and used for the purpose of paying anv railway
compaav for the nan-portaiiou of property or troop- ui the
United £t;m>s when vuch company may have accepted a
srrant of lamB Irom Congress upon condition of intm-lung
said transportation free of toll or other charge, -hall bouh-
j<;ct to future adjustment between the United tftatf^ and
said company, it not being intended to admit the right of
said companies to compensation for^uch transportation.
I think this will obviate all the difficulties that
have been suggested. Itwas not thought best by
the Committee on Finance to compel these com-
panies to perform specifically the contract which
it was believed by the committee they had made
for the transportation of these troops; that that
perhaps will be to injure ourselves more than the
companies; but to go on paying them as we have
been paying them for the purpose of enabling the
companies to keep themselves on foot, carrying
our troops and munitions of war, and reserve to
ourselves the right hereafter to insist upon an
equitable adjustment of the claims. In the case
of a railroad company that had received large and
very valuable grants of land, and which will find
itself rich after the war, it would be but fair that
they should account to the Government for this
money advanced to them in the present crisis.
This amendment will save lo the Government of
the United States the right to have that adjust-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I am disposed to strike out the
entire proviso of the Hou^e of Representatives
and to put nothing in its place. I am disposed to
do so for this simple reason: I think if it is under-
stood that the Government of the United States
intends to require these railroads to perform these
duties and make them no compensation, the tend-
ency will be to break down ail the small and- new
land-grant railroads and to prevent their being
finished. The Illinois Central railroad can stand
this legislation; but I apprehend this reservation
in Congress that we are to demand this work and
pay nothing for it will prevent the roads in Michi-
gan, Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas, and other por-
tions of the country, that have received land grants
and are not yet completed, the roads that are in
the market for means to finish them, from being
finished, to the injury of those States and to the in-
jury of the whole country. This matter of land
grants, I think, stands something in this way: I
hold that the public lands of the United States,
although purchased by the Government of the
country, are for the benefit of the people who live
in those new States, the people who go there and
take up those lands and cultivate them; and 1 am
always disposed in the management of the public
lands to act upon that idea. Tlie benefit the old
States receive from the public lands arises from
their settlement, opening markets for what they
produce, and having the new lands raise agricul-
tural products for their benefit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will allow
me to suggest to him that the Government also
receives a double price for the reserved sections.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly. Acting upon that
theory, I have ever been in favor of land giants
to nulruads for the purpose of developing that
poition of our common country. We usually
make these grants where the lands are really of
no value to u«, lands that urn far away from the
rivers and from the hnes of travel, lands that are
difficult to reach or bring into market. We make
