1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
IN SENATE.
Friday, January G, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. II. Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESI DENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Interior, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 20th of December, 1864, informa-
tion in relation to the disposition oftheland ofthe
Sac and Fox Indians of the Mississippi, under
the treaty of Octobcr 1, 1859; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ITe also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of theTreastiry, communicating, in pur-
suance of the proviso to the first section of the
act of Congress of March 3, 1S09, a statement
exhibiting the various amounts transferred from
ancLto appropriations during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 18G4; which, on motion of
Mr. Siilrman, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. POSTER presented a petition of non-com-
missioned ofHceisand privates of the second Con-
necticut light battery, stationed at the mouth of
"White river, Arkansas, praying that the Army
ration of 18G3 may be lestored, the present quan-
tity of bread, flour, potatoes, and rice allowed
being deficient; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROYpresented a petition of officers
of the Army, in the service of the United States
with the army of the James, praying an increase
ofthe pay of Army officers; which wasrefeired to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CLARK piesented a petition of officers of
New Hampshire icgiments now in the field, pray-
ing for an inciease of compensation; which was
i-( fern d to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Brevet
Pi igadier General T. M. Harris and other officers
of the Army, in the service of the United States
on the James, praying for an increase of the pay
of Army officers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also piesented fourteen petitions of officers
in the military service of the United States, pray-
ing an increase of pay of Army officers; which
were inferred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Charles Col-
bum, praying payment of a balance claimed to be
due him for service in the United States Navy as
yeoman of the receiving ship Ohio, from which
it is alleged he was unlawfully dischaigcd by the
abolishment of the office by the President of the
United States on the 31st of January, 1847, with-
out authority of Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter of the Secre-
tary ofthe Interior, addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, transmitting a
letter of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office in relation to the grade and compensation
of clerks in that bureau; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition of citizens
of Worcester, Massachusetts, calling on Con-
gress to enact a law to secure a republican form
of government and abolish and forever prohibit
slavery in the United States. This is signed by
Ichabod Washburn, a gentleman connected with
business and affairs on a very large scale, one ofthe
laigest contributors to the internal revenue of the
country that we have in New England. I move
that the petition he referred to the select commit-
tee on slavery and freedmen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, MORGAN presented the petition of R.
Reynolds and Charles Young, praying that the
Commissioner of Patents may be authouzed to
issue a patent to them for an improved hay ele-
vator, the application having lapsed, as is alleged, !
through an error by which the second patent fee [
was misapplied; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Patents and the Patent O/Ece. |
KEPOUTS OF COM5IITTI3I3S. ■
Mr, SHERMAN, fiom the Committee on Ft- |
nance, to whom was referred the petition of fi'uku !
Brothers & Co., praying for the allowance of in-
terest on certain certificates of indebtedness, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of surgeons and assistant
surgeons in the Army, praying for an increase of
rank and pay, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 366) to remit certain du-
ties on clothing materials imported for the use of
the Sisters of Charity of St. Joseph, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution yester-
day submitted by Mr. Wilson, that there be
printed ofthe report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey for the year 18G4 twelve hundred
extra copies for the use of the Senate, and three
thousand copies for distribution from the office
of the Coast Survey, reported it without amend-
ment; and the resolution was agreed to.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jlcsolved, That the Pcowtary of the Interior be directed
to inlorm the Senate liow many agents for paying pensions
there are in the employment ol the Government; how
many in each State; what tlieii pay is ; how they are ap-
pointed, and under what I.iw, and whether there are any
limits as to number.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhkuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed, without amendment, the
bill (S. No. 367) to repeal the provision of law
requiring certain regents of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution to be members of the National Institute.
EILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. DOOL1TTLE, the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 38) dnectmg the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa,
and Pottawatomie Indians residing in Michigan,
the sum of $192,850, was recommitted to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following reso-
lution; winch was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Peeietaiyof War be icquested to
send to the Senate copies ot all letters received fiom the
commander ot the Pacific department redatiny to a recent
attempt to *end aims ami munitions of war out of that de-
paitment to Mexico.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
375) levying internal duties on tobacco; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask the Senator whether
he proposes to have the bill printed. It relates
to a subject which interests the community very
much.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do. I will state further
that the bill was nor prepared by me, but by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. 1 desire to
have it printed and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will bo so re-
ferred , and the order to print will be made if there
be no objection.
Mr. E)lXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
37G) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city
of Washington, passed May 15,1820," approved
May 5,3SG4; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
PROCEEDINGS IN CRIMINAL CASES.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 88) regulating pro-
ceedings in criminal cases, and for other pur-
poses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment will be read. j
The SncutTARV. The amendment is in line ;
five of section two, to strike out the word "ten"
and insert "five;" so as to make the clause-read:
On a trial for any other offense the defendant shall bo
entitled to five and the United States to two peremptory
challenges.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
ofthe chairman ofthe Committee on the Judiciary
what is the effect of this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of the amend-
ment of the committee which is now pending, is to
reduce the number of challenges on the part ofthe
Government allowed by the bill as it was origin-
ally introduced, from ten to five, I think.
There is some diversity of opinion in the dif-
ferent circuits, as the committee were informed,
as to the practice in this respect; and it was
thought better to have it uniform. The bill was
reported at the last session. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] has particular charge
of it, and he can inform the Senator from Indiana
in regard to it, if he desires any information as to
the particular effect of each of the amendments.
I see that the Secretary is under a misappre-
hension; the amendment reported is by way of
substitute for the whole bill. It strikes out the
whole of it and inserts a substitute, and one ofthe
provisions of the substitute makes this change
fiom what the bill was as it was originally intro-
duced. If the Senator from Indiana will send
for a copy of the bill No. 88, he will find that the
amendment reported by the committee is a sub-
stitute for the original bill. I ask that the sub-
stitute be read to the Senate; it will then be better
understood.
Mr. JOHNSON. The chairman is right. The
bill as it was originally introduced consisted of
eighteen sections. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary reported that the whole of that bill should
be stricken out, and as a substitute for it that
there should be inserted all that follows it in the
printed copy from the 6th page onward, printed
in italics, beginning with the words " that from
the persons summoned," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the sub-
ject-matter now before the body, and the ques-
tion is on amending thatamendment. The Sena-
tor from Illinois asks that the amendment be again
read. It will be if there be no objection. Does
the Chair understand the Senator as asking that
the entire amendment be read ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is but one amend-
ment, wiiich is a substitute for the whole bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a pend*
ing amendment to that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not appear so on
the printed copy before me.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was an amendment
offered in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of that.
Then I ask that the amendment to the amendment
be again read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend sec-
tion two of the amendment of the committee in
line five, by striking out the word " ten" and in-
serting the word " five;" so that the clause will
read:
On a trial for any other offense the defendant shall be
entitled to five and the United States to two peremptory
challenges.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask if that is
an amendment recommended by the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, it is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an amendment of
which I was not aware. I do not think the com-
mittee reported it, and I shall vote against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thepapeis show
that the amendment was offered fay the Senator
fiom New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot see the propri-
ety of that amendment. I think the original num-
ber proposed by the committee is right enough.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment ofthe committee was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. As well as 1 recollect, and
the Secretary confirms my recollection in that par-
ticular, I suggested an amendment to the bill as
it came from the committee when it was considered
at the last session. It has not been printed, and
perhaps the Senate are not aware that the printed
bill does not exactly show the bill upon which
they are about to act. I ask that the words which
were inserted on my motion, by general consent
be now read to the Senate.
