128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
suggested by the Senator from Maryland will be
read.
The Secretary. The amendment waa in line
four of the reported amendment, after the word
"offense" to insert "in which the right of per-
emptory challenge now existssoastoread:
On a trial for any other offense in which the right uf per-
emptory challenge now exists, the defendant shall be en-
titled to ten ami the United States to two peremptory chal-
lenges.
The amendment was concurred in, and is to
strike out all of the original biil after the enacting
clause and insert the following:
That from the persons summoned and accepted as grand
jurors in any district or cneuit court of tho United States
thecourtshall appoint the foieman, who shall have power
to administer oaths and affirmations to witnesses appear-
ing before the grand jury.
Sec. % J2nd be it further enacted. That when the offense
charged he treason or a capital offense, the defendant shall
be entitled to twenty and tho United States to five peremp-
tory challenges. On a tual for any other offense in which
the right of peremptory challenge now exists, the defend-
ant shall be entitled to ten and the United States to two
peremptory challenges. All challenges, whether to the
array or panel or to individual4 jurors for cause or favor,
shall be tried by the court without the aid of titers.
Sec. 3. %dnd be it further enacted. That in every case
where any peison convicted of any offense against the Uni-
ted States shall be sentenced to imprisonment lor a period
longer than one year, it shrill be lawful lor the court by
which the sentence is parsed to order the same to be exe-
cuted in any State prison or penitentiary within the dis-
trict or Stale where such couit is held, the use of which
prison or penitentiary is allowed by the Legislature of Mich
State for such purposes; and the expenses attendant upon
the execution of such sentence shall be paid by the United
States.
Sec. 4. JInd be it further enacted, That issues of fact in
civil cases in anyoireuitcouitof the United States maybe
tried and determined by the court without the intervention
of a jury, whenever tho parties, or their attorneys of lecoid,
file a stipulation in witting with the cleik of the couit
waiving a jury. The finding of the court upon the facts,
which finding may be either general or special, shall have
the sutnc effect as the verdiet ot a jury. The rulings of the
court in the progress of the trial, when excepted to at the
time, may be reviewed by I he Wupiemo Couit of the United
States upon a writ of eiror, or upon appeal, piovuled the
luhngiv be duly presented by a lull of exception*. When
the finding is special, the review may also extend to the
determination of the sufficiency of the facts found to ^up-
port the judgment.
Sec. 0. Jindle it fuy f her cnaeted, That all acts and parts
of acts in conflict with this act be, and the sanieaie hereby,
repealed.
iSrc. G. *Andbcit fuithcr enacted, That this actshall j^ike
effect on tile Jst day of June, I<?o4.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, (subsequently.) I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up the
bill upon which the Senate have justed acted, for
the purpose of making an amendment to correct
what would be an obvious absurdity in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland moves to reconsider the vote by which
Senate bill No. 88 was passed.
The motion was* agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as before the Senate on its third reading,
without any further motion to rcconsider, if theie
be no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now move to strike out the
word " four," in tho sixth section, and to insert
the word " five." As it stands now the bill is to
go into operation on the 1st day of June, 1861,
winch is past.
, The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed,
UNEMPLOYED GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take upHouse bill
No. 586, to drop from the rolls of the Army un-
employed geneial officers.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
As it appears that many general officers in the
regular and volunteer fotces of the Army of the
United States are, and have been for some time
past, either entirely unemployed or not on duty
corresponding to their rank, thus holding com-
missions and drawing pay and allowances wirh-
outany equivalent services rendered to the Gov-
ernment, and at the same time standing in the way
of the promotion and consequent increase of com-
pensation of the officers of inferior grade who are i
peiforming the duties proper to such geneial offi- !
cers, the bill theiefoie provides that all major i
generals and all brigadier generals in the military !
service of the United States who on (he 1st of
Febtuary, 1865, shall not be in the performance
of duty or service corresponding to their respect-
ive grades and rank, and who shall not have been
engaged in such duty or service for three months
continuously next prior to that date, shall then
be dropped from the rolls of the Army, and all the
pay and emoluments, or allowances, of such gen-
eral officers, so dropped, shall cease from that
date, and the vacancies thus occasioned may be
filled by new promotions and appointments as in
other cases. But no officer is to be considered as
included in the foregoing provision whose absence
from duty shall have been occasioned by wounds
received, or disease contracted, in the line of his
duty while in the military service of the United
States, or by his being a prisoner of war in the
hands of the enemy or under parole; and any ma-
jor general of volunteers, or brigadier general of
volunteers, who may have been appointed from
the regular Army under the authority given in sec-
tion four of the act approved July 22, 1S61, " to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty," and the acts amendatory thereto, who shall
be so dropped from the rolls, shall not thereby be
discharged from the service of the United States,
but shall be remitted to his position and duty as
an officer of the regular Army.
The second section provides that hereafter, con-
tinuously, until the termination of the existing
war of rebellion,on the last day of each month
after the 15th of February, 1865, the provisions of
the foregoing section shall be made applicable to
any general officer in the military service of the
United States who shall not on that day have been
engaged in the performance of duty or service cor-
responding to his proper rank for three months
consecutively then next preceding.
Mr. AVILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs made u report adverse to the passage of
the bill, which I ask may be lead.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
'• Tho Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was teloired Uou? e luli No. 5t&, beingan acttodiop
fioin the rolls of the Army unemployed general officers,
b.'tf leave to repoit;
v' That many general officers in the icgular and volunteer
forces of the A tiny of the United States have been and now
are nnomplojed oi not on duty cotre-jpondmg with their
rank, thus holding commit ions and drawing pay and al-
lowance* without any equivalent services lendeied to the
Government; and, at the t-aine tnne,thc-ieodiccrs >tandin
the way of the promotion and con^equentincrerweof com-
pensation of the ofliceis of inferior giadc whoaio perform-
ing the duties proper to such geneial officers. This i  bur-
densome to the Treasury, unjust to ineritouous ofliceis in
the field, and fhould he speedily remedied. The light and
power to create vacancies in the rolls of the At my, and to
fill such vacancies by appointment!, and promotion4*,aie
vested in the Piesideutof the United States. No additional
powers aie asked for by tho l'tesident,nor demanded by
the needs of the set vice.
"Theeonnnitteearc unanimous-!} of the opinion thatecon-
omy, ju.-uee,aml the efficiency and geneial j mentis uf the
nnlitaiy service alike demand that where geneial officers
in tile icgular and volunteer forces ot thcUnited States aie
found to he unfitfoi commands, andwho areconsequently
nnempio) ed oi employed on duty not eoriespo tiding to their
rank, they should he musteicd out ol the seiviee, and that
the vacancies thus created should be filled by new promo-
tions and appointment, in order that the officers of an al-
ienor grade who are peiforming the duties ptoper to s>uch
general ofliceis may he piomoted to the rank and iceeive
the pay, allowances, and emolument}, of Mich general offi-
cers. ilut the committee aie ot opinion that no fixed, in-
flexible rule of discrimination, such as is embodied in the
joint lesolution of the Ilout-e of Representative-,, could be
adopted and executed consistently with equal and exact
justice toward individual officeis and with the interests, of
the nnlitaiy mm vice ot the country. Justice and the public
interests demand that the powei to muster geneial officers
out of the soiviee ol the United States should bccxeieisod
with much dtset limitation and 'care. The power of icmovai
and the te^poiiMbihty of action being now fully and com-
pletely vested in the X'l evident, the committee unanimously
repoit against the passage of the bill ot the IIouoO ot ltep-
lcsentatives."
Mr. WILSON. I now move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am sorry
that the Committee on Military Affairs have ar-
rived at the conclusion to which they have come
in regard to this bill. I am not prepared to con-
trovert the soundness of the positions which the
committee have assumed, or to deny that the Ex-
ecutive has competent authority to dismiss gen-
erals from the public service, but it is an author-
ity which the Executive, and any Executive,
would probably be very slow to exeicise. I be-
lieve it has been customary m the history of the
Government for Congress to exeicise such a power
as this; and upon that point the Committee on
Military Affairs can correct me if I am in error.
1 understand that after the war of the Revolution,
and after the war of 1812, Congress, by legisla-
tion, provided for disposing of the officers who
had been found necessary and had been placed in
positions during a time of war. They did not
leave it to the President; and if weadoptthis pre-
cedent now,and determine that it shall be left en-
tirely to the Executive, is Congress to surrender
up its authoiity to reduce the Army and to dis-
charge the officers when this war is over? I should
like to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs whether, at the close of our
former wars, there has notalways been legislation
to get rid of supernumerary officers who would
not be necessary in a time of peace? It will not
be pretended, upon the principle laid down in this
report, but that the President might have dismissed
those officers without any action of Congress;
and yet if it has been the practice to have such
action, why depart fiom it now?
Mr. GRIMES. It has not been the practice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was informed by a Sen-
ator sitting near me that in 1816 or 1817 such an
act of Congress was passed. I have not looked
into the precedents, and do not know that such is
the fact.
Mr. GRIMES. During the last war we cre-
ated several regiments of the line, regular regi-
ments, some thirty or forty, as we have during
the present war. At the expiiation of the war it
became necessary for us to reduce the Army, and
that requiied legislation ; but the volunteer officers
went out at the end of the war as a matter of
course. So again we reduced the Army in 1819,
down to some eight regiments of infantry, four
regiments of artillery, and none of cavalry. Since
that time we have been gradually increasing it.
But that legislation was in regard to regular oflicers
in the regular line of the Army. This legislation
applies to all officers, both of volunteers and reg-
uhus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like the Senator
from Iowa to tell me the difference between the
power of the President to dismiss an officer of
the regular Army and an officer in the volunteer
service.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the issue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he cannot do it in refer-
ence to the regular Army, can he in reference to
the volunteer service?
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the issue the Sen-
ator raises. lie undertakes to draw a parallel
between the case now before the Senate and the
case that was before the country after the war of
1812, and says bccause we found it necessaty in
1814 or 1815 to adopt legislation in order to get
rid of icgular officers, captains, majors, and colo-
nels, hence it is i ightand proper thai we should fol-
low that precedentand now adopt some legislation
in order to get rid of supernumerary generals. My
point is that there is no analogy between thatcase
and the one at bar. It is in the power of the Presi-
dent. There is no controversy about that. • I
acknowledge the power of the Piesident. The
power is vested in him by the Constitution and
laws, and if he has improper generals it is his duty
to dismiss them, and he is responsible to the
country for the manner in which they perform
their duties to the country, and not us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if I un-
derstand the leport of the committee, it goes en-
tirely upon the gtound that the President has
authority to relieve the country of this evil ofidle
officers receiving pay from the Government in this
hour of its distress and performing no service to
the Government. That is the whole point of the
report of the Committee on Military Affairs. It
is placed upon that ground.
The Senator from Iowaadmits'Hhatthe Presi-
dent of the United States has the same authority
over the regular Army as over the volunteer force
to dismiss an officer," and he says that nobody
disputes it. Then will the Senator from Iowa
tell the Senate and the country why the legisla-
tion of 1815 or 1S16—I have not time to refer to
the statutes—was necessary to get iid of regular
Army officers, any more than legislation is neces-
sary now to get rid of volunteer officers?
Mr. GRIMES. I will answer that question.
The law of Congress, at that time, created either
fifteen or twenty new regiments, and directed
that they should be officered by appointments
by the President, to be confirmed by the Senate.
