894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
We arc attempting' now to complete it, and the
county of St. Louis a few days ago, I think, sub-
scribed £700,000' more in ordertn complete the
road to Kansas City. It is on the line uf the maio
Pacific railroad to California. It is exceedingly
unportantthat that road should be constructed as
early as possible; not only important for the com-
merce of the country, but important in a military
point of view. The Legislatuie of Aiissoun is
now husbanding resources for the completion of
that road. Now, suppose the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania should be adopted,
and a declaration should be made that it is likely
that the Government hereafter will sue the rail-
road companies who have had land grants, to col-
lect back the money which the Government has
paid for its transportation, the result will be to
prevent the construction of that road, it is im-
portant, 1 say, in a military point of view that it
should be constructed. Last year when Price
came into the Slate, the bridges from Franklin,
where the southwest branch starts off in the di-
rection of Springfield, clear up to Kansas City,
were burnt. A great many budges had been built
even between Waireusburg and Kansas City, and
they weie burnt as the bridges of the railroads in
Missouri have been burnt again and again. The
result of tills proposition of the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania, I say, will entirely defeat the con-
struction of that road. You might as well declaie
at once that it shall hot be built.
.Let me ask Senators how much good the land
grant has done that Pacific Railroad Company.
Theie are m^ht hundred thousand acres of kind
lying- between Roilaand Springfield, but the rail-
joud company to-day cannot lealize twenty-five
cents an acre for the land. We can get nothing
for the land, and every Senator knows it. Tire
btjst improved lands in the State can be bought
to-day tor a mere song. We cannot construct the
road with the land. It is utterly impossible to
uo so. Before we can get possession of the lands
anci realize on th^m by selling them, we must
build tiie road. We can only sell the land in sec-
tions of twenty miles; as each twenty miles of
road is built, we can sell the lands on each side
ot that section of twenty miles, but until the road
is ouilt we cannot sell the laud, tiere are one
iHindred and ninety miles of load built oil the
mam line that never received an acre of land, but
the same company is required to build the south-
west branch railroad, and there are oniy thirty-
seven nines oi Lie southwest branch road built,
and because lands have been granted along the line
oi the unfinished southwest branch you compel
tiie Pacific Ranioad Company to carry Govern-
ment freight and troops and munitionsover a line
ot one hundred and ninety miles, when the com-
pany never received a dollar, and never can receive
a dollar of benefit from any land giant for that
Imu. TluU will be the result. It is the same case
v.ith the Hannibal and St. Joseph load, exceot
tnat tiie lme of that road is already completed
through; but the bridges and depots have been
ournt again and a^ain by the rebels. It has been,
I know, with the greatest difficulty that the com-
panies in Missouri have been able to keep up then-
roads. At times they have talked about surren-
dering them; g.ving them up entnely. What
wo.;id have been the result of that? It would
nave cost the Government ten times as much to
lun those roads as it has ever paid for the trans-
portation of us freight upon them, it never will
hi, the case that the companies can pay back what
tney have rec ived from the Government; and
hence I say it is perfectly idle to talk about crip-
pling the conduction of these roads even by the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Penn-
uy 1 va.iia,
I thought we settled this question in 1863. It
was then before us, and a resolution was passed,
according to my recollection, leaving the matter to
the Secretary ot "W ar, and he arranged with these
companies to carry Government freight thirty-
fii'-c and one third per cent, less than other com-
paiius wnose roads had not been aided by land
r_'raniI tlnv^ht that was a full, complete, and
porh.ee s:u!ement of this whole question. Thai
jo,-y ivsohu;on wa« discussed here in February,
ieu2, a-.J n was passed; and now the amendment
p. opo^ts to go back behind that resolution and to
decide that we may hereaftersue these companies
to locovor from them not only what we rnay here-
after pay under protest, but what has bee%$Mud
under the resolution passed in February, 1862.
As the chairman of the MilUaiy Committee has
said, it v/as properly left to the Secretary of War.
lie invalidated the matter, and, as I understand,
calied heie representatives from the railroad in-
terest in vaiions parts of the country, and agreed
witn them as to the charges for transportation;
and freight and passengers have been carried for
the Government ever since under that arrange-
ment; the land-grant roads receiving but two
thirds of the regular Government rates.
Mr. President, I am not going to discuss the
question now. I did take it up and discuss it in
1862. I do not desire to repeat what was then
said. It is not necessary to do so. Nor shall I
discuss the proposition whether these companies
arebound to use their own cars in the transposi-
tion of Government property or not. My be-
lief is that the intention of the laws making the
grants was that they should furnish their car sand
carry freight for the Government; but at the time
of the passage of those laws, was it contemplated j
thftt we should ever have a war of this chai acter r i
W as it contemplated that we should have at one
time m this country an army of a million of men?
Was it contemplated that the entire and almost
exclusive business of long lines of railroad in this
country should be the transportation of property
and persons for the Government of the United
States for a period of three or four years? I un-
dertake to say that nothing of that sou was in the
most distant dream ofany member voting for those
bills.^ .Nothing of that sort entered then intothe
imagination of man.
"What will be the result of the legislation now
proposed.' It will be that all the land-grant rail-
roads in the country will be turned over to the
Government, and Mr. Secretary Stanton will be
compelled to furnish men and locomotives and
cats to i un the railroads in order to carry persons
and property that must necessarily be carried for
the Government. If such a lesuit as that shall
b^ produced Congress will find that it will cost
forty times as much to do the work as we have
paid. 1 tnink the matter has been propeily left
to tiie Secretaiy of War. Let him continue to
deduct thirty-three and a third percent, from the
land-grant companies, and let us stand by the set-
tlement which was made under the joint resolu-
tion passed in 1662.
Mr. SfiERMAiY, I have three papers here
lelaiiog to this mattii' which I luue net read, but
1 would Jike to have them printed that the House
ot Repie&entalives may have them before them
, anu that we may have the benefit of them in tiie
cnmmiUee of conference winch will be had on tins
bill. ri tie first is a letter of General Meig&, and
documents connected with it. The second is the
report of Mr. Poiterin the House of Representa-
tives favormg the right of the United Stares to uoe
railroads. Now let me give ail example to show
that we ought not to adopr any h'gislai.on h>ne to
convince the Secietaiy of Wai thai we approve
the action he has hithei lo taken. That jri -Tit mam-
moth corporation, the Illinois 'O, ntrai Railroad
Company, lias leceived, according to the lowest
estimate that I haveheaid placed upon the profits
denved by that comp.my from the b«-mf uaiuus '
of the Government,$30,OUO.000. Heie is another
railroad m the State of Wisconsin that 1ms only
© --e-  ^ kJLM.LO t,.l US.C
tne roans for transportation purposes; a.,d the
third is the argument of the counsel for the railroad
company, all of their: containing important refer-
ences, and { think they had better be printed.
T!iie PEkSIDEN 1 pvo teoipore. The order to
print will be made, if there be no oojection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. GRIMES. Strange as it may seem for a
person living in a State interested in railroads, as I
do, and that enjoys this benefaction of the Govern-
ment, i am nevertheless in favor of the adoption
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and I think it ought to receive the
sanction of this body. I suppose it possible that
some of the road& m the State of Missouri are
now being prosecuted under very adverse circum-
stances; it is possible that they have <rreat ditfi-
culties to overcome in completing their Pacific
railroad; but I think the Senate, andeven the Sen-
ator from Missouri, wul agree with me that it
would be hardly safe for us to be governed m our
legislation here by any circumstances that may
nappen m the very anomalous condition of that
State at this time.
If I understand the amendment prooosed*by the
matorfrom Pennsylvania, it is to iepvp ihis
Senator from Pennsylvania, it is to leave'this
whole question in abeyance; leave it open to he
settled hereafter as Congress may in the future
determine; and that is the way I think it ousht
to lie left. At present, as 1 understand the Sena-
tor from Missouri, the Secretary uf War pays to
each of the land-giant railroad companies two
thirds of the amount that is paid for the trans-
portation of troops and munitions of war on other
in un, uuui- 11 loouiK-ni mtn lino <MJ>y
received one hundred and fifty thousand ncus of
land, the value of which does not exceed ^5d0,iJ00,
and it is compelled by the teims of us gunt to
complete tlnee hundred and fifty miles of road
( just as the Illinois Central was compelled to com-
I plete a certain number of miles of road, say five
I hundred. According to the rule established by
, the Secretary of War the company m Wisconsin
! that only received a giant of land to the value of
' ^500,000 gets no more lor transporting troops and
munitions of war for the Government than the
; Illinois Cential Raili end Company, that ha^> ,e-
; ceived sixty times as much from your Tieasnry,
1 Is that fair? it seems to me that it is no;, i
want, therefore, to vote for the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, so that
tins whole question may stand over and be sub-
ject to further adjudication or de terminal inn by
Congress or such officers as Congress may liere-
aftei designate to determine it.
It is absurd upon the very face of it to say that
a company that receives only the sixtieth pai: of
the funds for the purpose of building its road
shall be compelled to transport troops and muni-
tions of war upon the same teims with acompany
who received sixty times more aid for the same
distance of travel. I think that I voted on a
former occasion to pay the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company in Missoun the full
amount, not only the sixty-six and two tlm ds per
cent, but the additional thirty-thfee and one thud,
and 1 would do it again. 1 think that if the prop-
osition was before me, I would vote to pay the
Pacific Railroad Company, of which the Stnator
from Missouri has spoken, and which has met
with so many disasters in the destruction of its
water-tanks and its stations and its engines, the
lull amount paid to any other company tor the
j. same service, not because the company is entitled
jj to it by the stiict letter of the law, but because I
( would be willing in that way to make up as far
as 1 could for tiie disasters that have befallen it.
At the same time it does not seem to me that be-
, cause of the disasters that have happened to the
|*roads in Missouri, mam moth corporations in oilier
I portions of the country should be entirely exempt
| from performing a reasonable portion of that duty
: V5 tile Government which they undertook topei-
form and contiacted to peifoim at the time they
received their grants of land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before voting on this
proposition I wish tc5 make a suggestion to the
Senator who has charge of this bill?3 He has just
sent to the table to have printed the diffeient views
that are taken in regard to the construction of these
land grants. It is most probable that this bill
will not be finished to-night, and I suggest that
it would be better to lettho.se views be fuolished,
so that we may see tlmm befoit disposing of this
question, and let us pass to the other amendments,
passing over this amendment for the time being
rhen, unless we should get throug h With the bdl
to-night, we can have before us on Monday the
arguments which have been piesented to the
■ commutes on both sales of this question.
j I by no Means legald it as a clear proposition
of law that these lailroad compann-s aic eom-
i polled to furnish hands and brakermn and loco-
! motives to transport the piopeity ot the Govern-
ment of the United States under the acts making
land grants. It is an entiie mistake also to sup-
pose that the United States has pa, ted with such
veiy great mteiests by making these land giants.
I am uo apologist or defender of monopolies any-
where, nor am I the advocate in any shape or
hom o, thf Ceon.-l ;;.utio.-ul Cionpany <,rilnnnjs;
out ^"h'liois Mi.mid not foigfi that the Govern-
ment of tht United States never saciiHet u a dol-
'r>'p,s«<'y '  the Cential raihoadof
Illinois, iou charged dou'de price for eveiy
aoie of land reserved along the line of the road.
I ou gave one section and held the other at f2 50
an acre, and you have sold every one of them.
They had remained there unsold in market for
