rms.
'CON-GfcESSIONlAL GLOBE;
thirty years', and you have received" the money
from them, and the same amount that you would
without thegrant; the people of Illinois have paid
for it and paid all that you held your lands at,
and they paid earlier than they otherwise would.
As the Senator from Massachusetts said, it has
been mutually beneficial to the people of this
country. To create an impression here that a -
great bonus has been given, and that therefore'
some great obligation attaches, is wrong. The
company is entitled to its rights, the Government
of the United States to its. There is a contro-
versy as to the construction of the grants. I am
not going into that argument at this time;' I pre-
feHooking into the arguments that have been pre-
sented before I do so; but it has been statedhere,
and I believe it to be true, that the same language
employed in the grant to these railroad .compa-
nies was before employed'in grants to turnpike
companies and to canal companies; and does any-
body suppose that when lands were granted to a
canal company for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of a canal, upon condition that that
canal should he a public highway and forever
free for the transportation of the property of the
Government of the United States, it was meant
that the persons who owned- canal-boats should
transport that property for nothing? Was that
the meaning of the grant, or did it mean just as
it does with a turnpike company, that the stages
of the Government of the United States or the
wagons of the Governnaent'of the United States
might pass through the toll-gates without paying
toll ? But it is said that this1 language is not ap-
plicable to a railroad. It is no new language. It
had been incorporated into the grants made to
turnpike companies and'to canal companies; it
had been well understood; and I take it to be a
settled rule of law that when language has received
a construction and it is afterward incorporated
into a subsequent statute, theconstruction it has
received in the former statute is the one it must
have in the subsequent one.
I do not propose, however, to express even an
opinion upon that point at this time, or to go into
any discussion in regard to it. My suggestion
is that as this matter has been investigated in the
documents presented by the Senator from Ohio,
certainly more elaborately than 1 have lctoked
into n, for I have paid no particular attention
to it, have made no examination of the statutes
even in reference to these land grants, except in
one or two cases that I have casually looked at,
we pass by this amendment at present and go on
to other amendments. It will not retard the bill;
and if we do get through, then let us come hack
to this amendment, and if it is desirable to pass
the bill to-night we can still act upon it. It will
not delay anything by passing to the next amend-
ment, and we can, perhaps, examine these papers,
even if we should not get them printed, before we
are compelled to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection'to pass-
ing it over informally; but Senators know the
pressure of business, and if the bill goes over to
Monday 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not ask that it go
over.' We shall see how that may be when we
get through the other amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, let it be passed
over at present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment will be passed over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have one more amend-
ment to offer, to come in as the second section of
the bill:
Jlnd he it fvrther enacted, That to supply a deficiency in
the appropuations for the current fiscal year tor ordnance,
ordnance stores, and supplies, including the purchase and
manufacture of arms, aceouteunents, and horse equip-
ments for volunteers and regulars, the sum of $7,000,000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
othoiwi&e appiopiiated.  
The deficiency for the ordnance service was not
submitted with the other deficiency estimates,for
reasons that are given by General Dyer; and it
is found necessary for the ordinary supplies of
, #''le Ordnance Bureau to have $7,000,000 more.
fWe liave no moans to limit the amount, and there-
fore recommend an appropriation of the amount
asked for. I have no further explanation to make
than simply the statement of General Dyer that
this is necessary for arms, accouterments, &c.,
for the forces' that are being called into the ser-
vice.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the appropriation
in the bill from the House?
Mr. SHERMAN. The appropriation in the
bill is for the next fiscal year; this is for a de-
ficiency for the present year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair an amend-
ment proposing three additional sections to the
bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. -And be it further enacted, That from and after
thfe 1st day of March, ]865, and during the conttnuance of
thfc present rebellion, the commutation price of officers'
subsistence shali be fifty cents per ration: Provided, That
said inerease*shall not apply to the commutation price of
the rations of any officer above the rank of brevet brigadier'
general, or of any officer entitled to commutation for fuei
or quarters. ,
Sec.—. Jlndbe it further enacted, That hereafter, during
the continuance of the present rebellion, there shali be no
deductions made from, or income tax levied upon, the
salary of any officer in the military or naval service; and
all acts or parts of acts inconsistent herewith a*e hereby
repealed.
Sec. —. *dnd be it further enacted, That all officers of
volunteers, who shall continue in the military service to
the close of the war, shall lie entitled to receive, upon being
mustered out of said service, three m'onths' pay pioper:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall not ap-
ply to officers not on duty, or to officers entitled to com-
mutation of fuel and quarters,
Mr. WILSON. I hope it is not necessary to
detain the Senate by explaining at any length the
provisions of this amendment. The first section
proposes to commute at fifty cents the officers*
ration, which is now commuted at thirty cents.
This will aid especially the line officers, and I am
sure we should-do something at the present time
for the officers of the Army. It does not apply to
general officers, or to officers who receive com-
mutation of fuel and quarters; it applies only to*
officers who are in the field in the performance of
their duty.
The next section takes off the tax we have im-
posed on thepay of Army and Navy officers since
the war commenced; it applies to ali the officers.
I think justice requires that we should take off
that tax.
The third section of the amendment simply
provides that volunteer officers who will remain
in the service until the close of the war shali re-
ceive three months' pay proper on being mus-
tered out of service. It is a sort of bounty to
them to remain in the service until the close of
the war.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask one
question in regard to that provision. Suppose an
officer is ordered away on a court-martial just as
the war ends, is that to prevent Ins getting the
•three months' pay ?
Mr. WILSON. I think the section applies to
all volunteer officers who may be in the service of
the country at the end of the war.
Mr. COLLAMER. The proviso says that
the section shall not apply to " officers not on
duty."
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to strike out the
proviso to that section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
fiom Massachusetts that he had better offer each
of these sections as a separate amendment, and
let us vote on each by itself.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am willing to strike out the
proviso to the third section; and then to take'lhe
vote on the first and second sections as one prop-
osition, and on the third section by itself, as some
Senators may be willing to vote for the first and
second sections who aVe not willing to vote for the
third section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say something
against the second section, and 1 hope each sec-
tion will be regarded as a separate amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Then I offer simply the first
section by ^tself:
Sec, —. Jlnd be itfurthcr> enactedi That from and after
the 1st day of March, I860, and during the continuance of
the present rebellion, the commutation price of officers'
.subsistence shall be fifty cents per ration: Provided, That
said increase shaH-not apply to the commutation price ot
the rations of anyoflieet above the rank of brevet bngadier
general, or of any otficer entitled to commutation for fuel
or auaiieis.
Mr. SHERMAN. Although generally disin-
clined to the increase of the pay of anybody dur-
ing the war and till we are better able to pay and
have better means to pay, I am satisfied from nu-
merous communications which I have received
from officers of the Army that to continue their
present pay without relief would be an act of
gross injustice. I am therefore-willing.to vdtef
for some increase of their pay. I will read an,,
extract from a letter of a very intellfgent,ofiicer,
who gives the details of his own experience and
the condition to which he is reduced by his-pres-
ent pay: , .
u It were needless, perhaps, for me to enter into the/acta ^
of the case, as of course you 'must be conversant with the-,
subject.. But let me briefly call your attention to'the feet,
as shown below, that many non-commissioned officers,
hospital stewards, commissary, qusfrteumvster,?H)<f first ser-
geants, with no responsibility, virtually receive as much or.
more pay, (including rations, clothing, &$.,) as' a seWncf*
lieutenant of the line. Fpr'-instffnce* -
Pay of second lieutenant, !includiii£ " allowances," per/
month    ;     50
Cost of subsistence per month..,,..... .,,$30 Op-
That is surely a very low rate. #
Servant's hire (average) per month   25 00
Cost of clothing (average, low estimate).. 10 00
1 do not see how an officer can get
his clothing for ten dollars a month.
Tax (about) per month   5 00
#70 00,
Balance ....1. —     '&S3 50'
That is all that is left with which to support his :
family or those dependent on him.
Pay of first sergeant (veteran)'per month...1,.. ....$24' OCT
Bounty (average for three years) perfridnth...'  1-1 00^
Total   ^  &35-0(K
Besides, there are the local bounties, so that I
have no doubt the corporals and sergeants are paid
better than the first and second lieutenants, and
many of those officers,! have no doubt,are really
reduced to suffering. For one, I am willing to
stretch a point in favor of these officers, and give
them at least a decent subsistence. It is by their
sacrifices, their courage, and their devotion that
we shall be enabled to succeed in this war.
Another officer, known to me personally, who
I know is a careful man and a man of no bad
habits, says:
"To show how the case stands with a line officer, I will
compare the expenses of a first lieutenant with his pay:
Pay proper of first lieutenant permonth $50 00 .
Allowance of ration money per month  36 00
Allowance for servant permonth   13 50 .
Allowance for servant's rations per month ..' 9 00
Total     $108 50 *
Cost of subsistence per month  $30 00 .
That is put at the lowest rate for the common-
est fare; it is written from Hardeeville, South
Carolina. It is scarcely enough to pay for the
pork consumed by one man.
Co?t of subsistence per month   $30 00
Cost ot servant "  25 00
Cost of servant's ration "   9 00
Tax "   5 00 •
Averagecostofclothing"    lo 00
Total $85 00''
Remaining after paying expenses $33 50 ,
It is manifest from this statement, which is
known to be true by almostevery intelligent man,
that owing to the high prices of provisions and
clothing these officers cannot subsist on their pres-
ent pay. I have also another letter which sirnck
me as very forcible, but which I will not read, to
the same effect. 1 have conversed within a few
days with line officers in the twenty-third Army
corps who have-been within reach,and they uni-
formly say that they cannot subsist at their pres-
entrate of pay. Whether the increased allowance
now proposed by the Military Committee is
enough, I do not know. The twenty cents addi-
tion to the commutation of the ration will make
about twenty dolla'rs a month addition, I under-
stand.
Mr. WILSON. It adds about $290 a year to
the pay of a second lieutenant,
3\ir. SHERMAN. ^Then I am about right; it
is over twenty dollars a month.
Mr. WILSON. This section and the one in
regard to the tax make an addition of about $320.
a year.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply rise to concur in
what the honorable chairman of .the Committee
on Finance has said, and to add that I hold in my
hand one of many letters addressed to myself on
■■■"#■ 
