THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 9.
.Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1865.
The President had no power to abrogate those
regiments. That legislation of 1819, and the legis-
lation earlier than that, immediately after the war
of 1812, was to get rid of those regiments that
had been created; and of course when the regi-
ments were disposed of their officers went with
them. That is not this case. Here the propo-
sition is to step in and interfere with the prerog-
ative of the President of the United States, and
say that any officer who has been for any pur-
pose on furlough or on leave of absence for three
months must necessarily be disbanded and go out
of the public service. There is no analogy be-
tween the legislation at an earlier period of our
history and that which is now proposed.
Mr. POSTER. We propose to increase our
Army, instead of diminishing it, by calling for
three hundred thousand more men.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from Connec-
ticut has well said, we are calling for more men;
we are calling for three hundred thousand more,
I believe; so that these general officers will be re-
quired for the public service doubtless. At any
rate, is it not best to allow the War Department
and the President of the United States to determ-
ine for themselves whether they arc not necessary
for public service, whether it will not be necessary
to retain them that they may command this new
three hundred thousand levy when it shall be
raised? Shall we step in and undertake to say,
because a man has been put on furlough for three
months—for nobody can tell the reason why—that
that very fact incapacitates him for further public
service in command ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I fail to
see, notwithstanding what the Senator from Iowa
has said, the wantof analogy between the cases.
The Senator from Iowa says that the regular
regiments during the last war with Great Butam
were created by law. They were not created one
particle more by law than the volunteers. The
major generals and the brigadier generals now
holding office, and doing nothing for the country
excepting to draw their salaries, are the creatures
of law, and as completely an enactment of law
as were the forces called out during the war of
1812, whether called regular soldiers or volun-
teers.
What is the distinction between your regular
soldiers and your volunteers? 1 wish foronc that
that distinction was broken down. I believe it
has been an injury to the service of the country.
Your volunteeis are enlisted for three years. So
are your regular soldiers enlisted for three years.
What is the difference between them? They are
both brought out in pursuance of law. Will the
Senator fiorn Iowa tell me that one of these or-
ganizations is a creature of law more than the
other, and that the rule that the President has
not competent authority to act in reference to one
is any more absolute than in reference to the
other? Why, sir, I regard it as a misfortune en-
tirely that this distinction should have been kept
up. I think that the analogy, if you will look
into the legislation, will be found to be complete.
At any rate I fail to see how it makes a distinc-
tion upon the basis on which the Senator from
Iowa places it, that those were regular forces
called out in pursuance of law. So they all are;
and the volunteers are just as brave, just as pa-
triotic, and just as able to save the country, in my
judgment, as what are called regular Army sol-
diers. The distinction that has been kept up in
the Army between them, in my judgment has
only been prolific of difficulty, and I wish it did
not exist.
I have very little hope of being able to pass
this bill with the unanimous report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs against it; but I think
it a very valuable bill. I think it is one that is
called for by the interests of the country. I think
it becomes us in this time of financial difficulty,
when we want to husband the resources of the
country, to see to it that supernumerary officers
are not employed by the Government simply to
receive salaries and not perform service. The
9
fact set forth in the preamble to this bill cannot
be controverted. What does it recite?
Whereas it appears that many general officers in the
regular—
It applies to the regular as well as the volunteer
force—
and volunteer forces of the Army of the United States are,
and have been for some time past, either entirely unem-
ployed, or not on duty corresponding to their rank, thus hold-
ing commissions and diawing pay and allowances without
any equivalent services' rendered to the Government, and at
the same time standing in the way of the promotion and
consequent increase of compensation of the officers of in-
ferior jirade who are performing the duties proper to such
general olhcers: Now, thetefoie, See.
I should like to inquire of the Senator from Iowa,
who seems to take a special interest in keeping
these persons in office, what is the objection to
the bill ? Certainly the Senatorfrom Iowa is not
in favor of keeping that class of persons in office
designated and referred to in the preamble to this
bill. What is the objection to the bill? An en-
croachment on the executive prerogative? Not
at all. I venture to say that the Executive will
feel relieved rather than that his prerogative will
be encroached upon by the passage of this act.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the very point and
purpose of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itis to relieve him, as my
friend from California says. This bill does not
necessarily and arbitrarily put out of service every
unemployed officer. The President can retain
li :m. He can put him in command if he does not
wish to have him discharged. It will only apply
to that class of officers whom the Executive and
the military authorities have no use for, and will
afford the means of ridding the country of them,
and enabling gallant and meritorious officers, who
are performing service, to take the places to which
they are entitled. 1 do not regard it, therefore, in
the light of an encroachment upon executive au-
thority, but rather as a bill in aid of the execu-
tion of his duties by the Executive, affording an
easy way, withoutheart-burnings,witliout:special
discriminations on the part of the Executive,which
would prove injurious to theinterests of the coun-
try, to get rid of these unnecessary officers.
Not being aware that the bill would come up
this morning, I have not had an opportunity to
look into the former legislation on this subject,
but I think that this bill, when itis examined, will
be found not inconsistent with the former legisla-
tion of the country. It certainlyis not inconsist-
ent in the points alluded to by the Senator from
Iowa..
I should prefer to have the bill go over rather
than take a vote upon it to-day, that we might
look into the history of the Government on this
subject a little further; but as it is brought up
now, and there is very little hope, I presume, with
this unanimous report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs against it, of being able to pass the
bill, I do not know that I shall ask for its post-
ponement; but I desired, at least, to call the at-
tention of the Senate to it as one of great import-
ance to the public service not only in the saving
of money, but in opening to the men who deserve
them the places occupied by men who do not de-
serve them.
Mr. GRIMES. When the Senator from Illi-
nois shall coolly read the remarks he has made
here to-day he will be able to judge for himself
with how much fairness and ingenuousness he
has treated this subject and put arguments into
my mouth that I have not used. I have not inti-
mated that I was the advocate of the worthless
character of generals that are sought to be de-
scribed in the preamble of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said you were not.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator used language
that carried the idea that I stood here as the advo-
cate of those men; and he put the inquiry to me
whether or not I was the advocate of them, in
that kind of manner and with that tone that in-
dicated to the Senate, and to others who heard
him, that I was the particular advocate and friend
of that class of men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I said expressly that I did not suppose the
Senator from Iowa wanted to keep those persons
in the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. I think, too, the Senator was
kind enough in his remarks to undertake to raise
with me an issue between volunteer and regular
soldiers, as though I stood here as the advocate
of the regulars in contradistinction to the volun-
teer soldiers in the United States Army.
Now, sir, what is the history of this matter?
This bill was brought before the Senate by the
Senator from Massachusetts. He moved to in-
definitely postpone it. The Senator from Illinois
rose to oppose that motion. He insisted that the
bill ought to pass instead of being indefinitely
postponed, and as an argument in that behalf he
quoted the authority of Congress at previous ses-
sions. In reply to that I intimated to him that he
was mistaken as to what the history of Congress
was on this subject. According to my recollec-
tion, I have not refreshed it for some years, but
according to my recollection there have been four
different revisions of the Army; once immediately
after the revolutionary war, again in 1798,again
in 1815, and again in 1819, when we reduced it
to the minimum at which we have ever had an
Army in this country. The Army then was com-
posed of regulars. Congress had declared that
so many regiments, of such and such arms of the
public service, should exist. Of course, there-
fore, as I stated to the Senator, it required some
legislation of Congress in order to get rid of those
regiments. The President had no authority to
disband those regiments. Congress, therefore,
adopted a form of legislation in order to get rid
of them, and they provided some means by which
those who might be regarded as the better officers
in the various regiments should be retained to
command the regiments that remained after the
other regiments had been disbanded.
1 insist that there is no analogy whatever be-
tween the legislation that was had at either one
of those periods and that which is sought to bo
had at this time. What is it that we propose
now? We propose to declare by a solemn act
of Congress that every major and brigadier gen-
eral who has not been in active service during the
period of ninety days, 1 believe, shall imme-
diately upon the passage of this act lose his com-
mission. One man may have been wounded;
another, as in a case within my own knowledge,
has been stricken by a paralysis caused by ex-
posure in the field, and from which he is past
recovery. This bill takes the commission out
of that man's pocket and returns him to his fam-
ily and his constituents a disgraced man.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mistaken.
The bill provides for just such cases. There is a
clause in it which covers them.
Mr. GRIMES. Does notthe bill gointoeffect
absolutely?
Mr. FOSTER. Unless the President or some-
body interfiles with the operation of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill is, « but no offi-
cer is to be considered as included in the forego-
ing provision whose absence from duty shall have
been occasioned by wounds received or disease
contracted in the line of his duty,"&c.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not allow the President
to settle that question under the law as it now
stands ? Is it to be inferred that all the men who
are not now actively employed, and have not been
actively employed for the period designated m the
bill, arc not valuable public servants; that they
have iiot done the best that they could accoiding
to their capacity in the respective commands that
they have heretofore held ? Are you going to al-
low every man who happens to have fallen under
the pique of a commanding officer, und therefore
has been relieved for a little while, to be stricken
from the rolls? Does not the Senate know that
some of our major generals or commanders of
divisions and commanders of corps have their
prejudices and prepossessions as well as other
men, and that for some trivial cause many men
