130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
in the different corps of the Army have been sent
home from duty, and have remained off duty
during the length of three months? Is the Sen-
ate willing that all that class of men shall at one
fell swoop be stricken from your Army register?
Is that fair? Why does not the Senator propose
that these men shall be sent before a military
board, and let that board pass upon their capacity?
If they have been derelictin their duty in tfiepast,
let them be condemned. If they have been wounded
or stricken with paralysis, or are afflicted in any
way so that they would be incapacitated for com-
mands in the future, let a military board, com posed
partly of medical officers, so decide; let these men
be treated fairly; and not lot'us here, the Senate
of the United States, without any sort of evidence
before us, declare that every man who may have
been relieved from and off duty for the space of
three months in conscquence, perhaps, of the pre-
judice ol* his superior officer against him,shall be
stricken from the rolls, and shall no longer be
used in the public service. It strikes me, Mr.
President, that a more unfair bill could npt come
under the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President,having
sanctioned this report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, I deem it proper to say a word in
reference to the past legislation and present posi-
tion of this question. At the last session of Con-
gress a similar joint resolution passed the House
of Representatives and failed to pass the Senate.
Eaily in the present session this bill was passed,
and was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, mustering out, by an act of Congress,
arbitrarily, every officer who had not been em-
ployed for the last three months in a command
commensurate with his rank in the Army. The
committee thought that unjust, and unwise, and
impolitic. Under the rules and regulations of the
Army prior to 18G2 an officer could not be mus-
tered out of the service of the United States except
upon report of a court-martial sanctioned by the
President; but it was thought at that time that
discretion should be lodged somewhere to muster
unworthy office) s out of the service, and Con-
gress, by a general and sweeping law, conferred
that power upon the President, the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and that law is
now in full force and full effect. It is proposed,
however, by this bill now to take thatpowerfrom
the President, or if Senators piefer this statement
of the case, to throw the responsibility upon Con-
gress to do what the President has already been
fully authorized to do bylaw.
T'hisdiscrction mustbe lodged somewhere; and
the question is whether it is more properly lodged
with the Commander-in-Chief of the Auny than
with the Congress of the United States. Your
officers in the field, your corps commanders, and
division commandeis, and commanders of de-
partments, are required to jenort to the President
through the Secretary of War, and they are sup-
posed to know the efficiency and capacity of their
officers, a knowledge which Congress, except
from common report, the most fallible ofall pos-
sible means of information, can never possess.
Here is a bill aimed at what I admit is an abuse,
the keeping in office of incompetent or unworthy
officers, it is an abuse wo wn>h to correct. We
have already provided for its coi reef ion by giving
to the Piesident an unlimited discretion as to the
mustering out of officers, and the discretion, it
•seems tome, improperly lodged with thePresident,
because ail the repoi ts of the subaltern officers are
made to him, and not to Congress. How are we
to know whothrr r«)> officer p-comp^tim'' or r« -
f.uthful except througn lcpons of ins supenor
commanders ? Those icpot ts only go to the Pres-
ident through the Depai tmer^t of the Secretary of
War.
We are asked, then, to legislate in the dark, to
muster out every man who h s not been in active
command commensurate with his rank for ninety
days. Is the Senate prepared to take any such
responsibility, to act in the dark? What does
this bill effect in terms and m spirit? Who
assigns these men to active command? First, the
Picsidunt may assign any officer in the Army to
erny command that In' chooses under the law.
^ Then the Secretary of War; then the corps com-
manders, the Commander-in-Chiofof the Army in
the 1;>'ld, and division comnnnu'ers; and anyone
of these men may, by a stroke of the pen, strike
out of existence any officer in the Army; and we
are now required to do precisely that thing by an
act of Congress.
This abuse is to be remedied—a great abuse;
but how shall we remedy it most properly? By
referring it to the Commander-in-Chief, 1 think.
Whether it may be exercised properly and judi-
ciously or not lam not prepared to say, for it does
not, thank God, affect one single officer of the noble
Commonwealth which I in part represent upon
this floor. They ha%e theirproperand commensu-
rate commands, and have stood nobly up to those
commands upon a hundred battlefields,from Cape
Hatteras to the frontiers of Arkansas. I then have
no personal interest in this matter, but I ask the
Senate not by a sweeping act of legislation to strike
out of existence some twenty or thirty officers
without trial, who by possibility may have fallen
under the displeasure of their division or their corps
commanders or of the Secretary of War. It is not
the way to remedy the evil. You have already
done all that Congress is required to do; you
have given the President that power, and it is his
responsibility and not ours, and I am not willing
to ioil this responsibility off upon Congress and
legislate in the dark, when no officer is compelled
to report to us.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not agree
fully with the honorable Senator from Indiana,
that if this bill should be passed the entire re-
sponsibility will necessarily be taken from the
executive department and thrown upon the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, because, as
was suggested by the honorable Senator from Il-
linois, there aie three months within which the
Executive and the War Department may save
any generals to whom this can apply, if these de-
partments deem them fit for public employment
in the field; therefore, by the parage of this bill,
the responsibility will be still divided, and will
not be thrown upon the legislative department of
the Government.
Now, sir, one word ns to the origin and ne-
cessity of this act. It originated in the House
of Representatives, I believe, early last session.
Under what class of circumstances did it ongin-
ate? Let us direct onr attention to those circum-
stance.?. Early in the conduct of this war nom-
j inations for high r«nks were easily obtained; the
result was that inefficient men, men unable and
unfit to conduct ourarmies to\ictoryand success,
obtained the highest rank in the Army, and the
consequences were losses in every direction to the
national cause. Why, sir, at a certain period
during the last session of Congress we desired a
new departmentcommander for the Pacific depart-
ment, and, anxious to send an officer there of good
ability, of high militaiy skill, that that country
might be oiganized and prepared for an emer-
gency likely to arise, possible at least to arise, I
held several conferences with the Secretary of
War; I had nn examination with that officer of
the long list of unemployed major generals and
brigadier generals then under the pay of the Gov-
ernment and without public employment, and if
I were at liberty here to repeat the comment that
followed the name of each m those various con-
ferences it would demonstrate the necessity of
action somewhere to rid the country of the un-
necessary and piofitless burden that those gentle-
men in high rank, holding high commissions
under the Gnv< rnment, imposed upon it. It was
five months before an officer deemed competent
to send to that department could be selected by
the exercise of the greatest wisdom from the long
< {' the then unemployed generals m the United
►states Army.
It was at that period of time, under that class
of circumstances and facts, that this bill, or a like
bill, originated in the House of Representatives,
and was passed by that body. Pending the con-
sideration of the measure before Congress, I was
appealed to by the friends of generals out of em-
ployment, but yet in commission, more than
once, lest it should pass, and their heads should
thus drop into the basket. My answer was, the
only one I could give, "My action upon this
measure cannot depend upon its effect upon any
officer in the employ of the Government." The
executive department, it is true, has now full
power to say whom it will employ, when they
shall be employed, or whether it will employ them
at all or not; but if this is the condition of things,
if there are men doing nothing, and unfit to do
anything, who are drawing hundreds of thousands
of dollars from the public Treasury while we are
nearly in a condition of public bankruptcy, and
the executive department will not brush them out,
as it should do, promptly and decidedly, then I
say, as I said to them, u It is the duty of Con-
gress, and I will perform my part of it, to rid the
country of the incubus of gentlemen holding high
rank and performing duties, in consideration of
their pay, upon courts-martial and upon funeral
occasions and other like occasions.''*
Sir, there was and is a necessity for the passage
of such an act. Senators may, if they choose,
aigue that that necessity was begotten by the
non-exercise of the power given by Congress to
the executive department. 1 answer that thus:
when any departments of this Government will
ncjt promptly perform the duty that is theirs,and
exercise the power thatCougiess imposes upon
them, 1 hold it to be still the additional duty of
Congress to come forward and speak and act
and see that that power is exercised. Congress
is but in the pursuit, in my opinion, of the proper
exercise of that power in the passage of the act
now before us, and proposed to be indefinitely
postponed by the honoiable Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Why, sir, the list of unemployed general offi-
cers was so great as to preclude, as the honorable
Senator from Illinois properly says, from public
employment in high military capacities the best
and noblest men that have been in the military
service since this war began. I will direct the at-
tention of the honorable Senator who is chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs to a single
case; I have spoken aboutitelsewhere before tins;
I now undeitake to speak of it here. A colonel
commanding a Massachusetts regiment, whom I
well know, a graduate of West Point, a man in
the prime of life, a man full of animal life and full
of moral and physical daring, full of coinage, full
of wisdom, full of military knowledge, led hisre-
gimentatthe battle of Fredericksburgand stormed
its heights where his men were cut to pieces, and
he, himself, was almost cut to pieces; but after-
ward, recovering and regaining his health, and
being again fit for the field, no manner of recom-
mendation or presentation could secure a briga-
dier's commission for him, and he was mustered
out of the service, and passed through the streets
of Washington during the June days of last sum-
mer with the perspiration streaming from him as
he led the noble little band of about one hundred
and fifty that remained of his regiment back to
their homes. I only state this as a single case.
I can state another case. Recently we are in-
formed that General Sherman has called for a par-
ticular officer to be sent to him in his department—
I mean Colonel Bowman, who commands at Wil-
mington—because of his efficiency in a particular
line of service, and than whom there is not a more
intelligent, yUle, or honest man or officer in the
employment of the United States, He cannot be
sent. Why? lie cannot get rank. Wily? Re-
cause these miserable incumbrances are in the way.
That is it, sir, and that is stated as the reason.
The law permits but the nomination and appoint-
ment of a certain number of major and brigadier
generals,and if that number is iilled up,and from
motives of delicacy or regard for the fiiends of
those who secure the appointments the appointees
are to be kept in commission without regard to
their capacity, the result is that the noblest and
most splendid material that we have within the
country is kept out of its service, and the public
interests are thus embarrassed, obstructed, and
injured.
Now, sir, 1 happen to have no personal feeling
in the ease; but I cannot stand by and be the ad-
vocate of keeping any man in the public employ-
ment that the Government having the power to
employ fails persistently to employ, and by that
failure testifies to us his inability for high public
employment.
I know, Mr. President, that it is a serious prop-
osition to favor the passage of a bill the indefinite
postponement of which is recommended by one
of the highest committees of this body. I know
that it is against the usage of the body, and I do
not take position against the gentlemen composing
the Military Committee, or against the commit-
tee's report, without doing it under great difficulty;
