896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
able Senator. This is signed by seven officers,
including all ranks from major to second lieuten-
ant, in the second Massachusetts cavalry, that
portion of them particularly who came from Cal-
ifornia and entered the service in that regiment,
and who have done good service. They state
that their salary is absolutely insufficient to defray
their necessary expenses, I hope this slight in-
crease will be voted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer the second section
as a separate amendment:
Sec, —. Jln&he it further enacted. That hereafter, during
the continuance of the pie.«ent rebellion, theie shall be no
deductions made from, or income tax levied upon, the sal-
ary of any officer in the military or naval service; and all
acte or parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby re-
pealed*
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust this amendment will
not be adopted; or if it be adopted it certainly
should not be in this place; it is not pertinent to
the appropriation bilL, being a proposition to
make an exemption from the income tax. We
shall have before us nex£ week a bill in relation
to the income tax, and this amendment will be
pertinent to that. I think I caagiv.e very good
reasons why no exception or exemption should
be made m regard to the collection of theincome
tax; but whether that is so or not, it is evident
that the tax bill will be bcfoic us during the next
week, and we can then act on this proposition.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Wilson.) With-
draw your amendment.
Mr. WILSON". 1 am willing to withdraw it;
•but I assure the Senate that I shall make the effort
to relieve the officers from the income tax, for 1
believe it ought to be done.
The PRESIDENT pro temppre. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON, f now offer the remaining sec-
tion without the proviso:
Sec. —. *dn<l be it further enacted, That all officers of vol-
nntff t:? who continue, in the military service to the
close of the war shall be entitled to receive, upon being
inuatered out ot said service, three months' pay proper.
Mr. HOWE. Does that apply to all officers,
of every.rankr
Mr. WILSON. It applies to all volunteer offi-
cers who will remain in the service until the close
of the war, and provides that on their being mus-
tered out of the service of the United States they
shall receive three months' pay proper, without
any emoluments or allowances. This would give
to a heutenant$135,and toa captain $350 or$160.
Jt is not a large sum, but it is a small inducement
to men tostayin the service. There is everywhere
a strong disposition on the part of the officers
now to get out of the service; and I think that if
you were to say to the officers of the Army that
it would be an honorable thing for them m the
face of the enemy to resign their commissions and
go home, you would find the great mass of them
resigning. The reason is that they do not get
sufficient pay to support their families as they
ought to be supported. They have to make great
sacrifices; they hear from home that all persons
engaged in business are making money, and
many of thepi want to get out of the service and
go home and take caie of their families, after
having served, some two, some three, and some
nearly four years. Now, in order to show these
men that we want them to stay in the service in
spite of the piesent condition of the finances of
the country, we propose to say to them," Remain
in the service to the end of the war, and when
you are mustered out we will pay you three
months' pay," as a sort of bonus. Everybody
knows that after they are mustered out it will be
some weeks before they can get into any other
business or employment. I think we ought to do
it. It is a very small matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have but very little
to say in reference to this subject, I have no doubt
there ought to be an increase in the pay of the
subordinate officers of the Army, and I think the
increase should begin with the lieutenant and go
up to the colonel. I would jaot increase the pay
of officeis above the giade of colonel. I would
make but a slight increase of the pay of the col-
onel, the lieutenant colonel, and the major, while
I would increase considerably that of the captain
urul the lieutenant, for the latter have nearly the
arnne expenses U> incur.as the superior officeis.
i think the pay of field officers of a regiment ought
to approximate very nearly to that of a brigadier
general. Everything in an army depends upon
the organization and managementof the regiment,
and the regiment depends upon the proper organ-
ization and management of the company. The
moment you enter the lines of an army you can
tell the difference between a good colonel and a
poor one placed in the command of a regiment,
f think the pay ought to be increased in order to
keep in the field your good officers in command
of your regimentsand of your companies. As to
the expense that will be incurred, 1 have only to
say that an efficient army properly officered will
do more good than a greatly increased army with
inferior or indifferent officers. It is true you re-
quire at the head of the Army an ablefrian. His
pay I deem to be sufficient; and the increase of
pay necessary to keep good officers in the Army
should be confined to those who receive a small
amount of pay and have no great rank.
Mr. HOWE. I for one do not see any neces-
sity for giving this bonus to secure the continu-
ance in service of general officers. My own im-
pression is that they are paid very liberally now,
paid better, I think, than the public servants gen-
erally are. I cannot vote for the proposition in
its present state. I do not care to move an amend-
ment, but I think I should vote for this proposi-
tion if general officers were excepted. I cannot
vote for it as it is.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am willing to confine the
provision to officers below the rank of brigadier
general; and I modify the amendment to read:
That all officeis of volunteers, below the rank of biijj-
adier general, whoshall continue in the military service to
the ch> e of the war, shall be entitled to receive, upon being
muttered out ot said service, three months' pay proper.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest that this amend-
ment seems to contemplate it as a matter of the
officers' own choice whether they remain or not.
There are many officers willing to remain who are
mustered out because the term of their regiment
has expired.
Mr. WILSON. We cannot help that.
Mr. GRIMES. This amendment would ap-
ply to the cloud of quartermasters, and commis-
saries, and paymasters who may happento be in
service at the close of the war, and to all the ad-
jutant generals and all the ten or twenty grades
of staff officers that we have. It is intended, I
suppose, by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to keep in service the line officers
of the regiments; but 1 do not think we ought at
this time to adopt any such legislation as this. I
am afraid we are not sufficiently near the close of
the rebellion to adopt any such legislation. 11 is
not necessary, m my apprehension; and I hope
that at this time we shall not pledge ourselves to
any such thing as this.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words " now in commis-
sion" after " volunteers," so as to have it apply
only to officers now in commission, and not to
apply to those who may be commissioned here-
after.
Mr. JOHNSON. - Would not that defeat the
object ?
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand that it was
the purpose of the amendment to hold out in-
ducements to officers to take commissions, but to
hold .out an inducement to officers who have held
commissions, who are experienced and skilled
and worth more than new officers to the service,
to continue in the service. With that purpose I
sympathize. I have not found any necessity of
bribing other gentlemen to come into the service.
I have found them very public spirited, and pa-
triotic, and willing to serve; and I think that dis-
position will continue to the end of the war; but
1 do not think we ought to adopt a proposition
which will oblige the Government to pay three
months' additional pay to all officers irocommis-
sion at the close of the war, including those who
may be commissioned three weeks before the
close of the war.
Mr. WILSON. I think that would be a very
small matter after all. There will be very few
men commissioned just as the war is about to
close. Senators tell us that this provision will
apply to staff officers. 1 do not know of any i
body of men in the countiy to whom it could j
more juafly apply than staff officeis. There are ;
no more important men connected with an urmy
than staff officers, and there are none that the j
laws of this country have done so little for. We I
have to-day an unorganized staff for our armies,
contrary to the whole theory of army organiza-
tion, because we have refused, session after ses-
sion, to pass any legislation on that subject. We
have now before us a bill recommended by the
Secretary of War and by the LieutenantGcneral
of the Army to do something for the proper or-
ganization of staffs and to adjust them according
to their commands, but I think it is very doubt-
ful whether we shall pass it.
This provision will apply to surgeons; and if
theie isa.class of men in the country who need
legislation in their behalf it is the surgeons in
our armies. Many of them came into the service
at the commencement of this war as majors; they
entered the service from patriotic motives, and
some of them have been in the service more than
three years, and they now have the same rank, 1
pay, and emoluments as when they came in, and
they do not get enough to support themselves and
their families decently. No opportunity what-
ever foradvancement has been given to them. A
surgeon with the rank of major is often at the
head of the medical corps of an army, or an Army
corps, or a division, with the same rank and the
same pay as a regimental surgeon with one hun-
dred on two hundred men to look after.
It is said that the amendment will apply to pay-
masters, and quartermasters, and commissaries.
Well, sir, quartermasters and commissaries are
resigning all the time; the best officers you have
are going out of the service, and you are appoint-
ing every day a cloud, as the Senator calls it, of
quartermasters and commissaries; and why? Be-
cause a cloud of the best of them is going out all
the time. They will not stay in the service, and
why not? An honest man cannot get a living in
it. Take a quartermaster, a man of real ability
as he should be to be a quartermaster; you put
him into the service, with a captain's pay, and
he has to take charge of millions of your prop-
erty. Through the hands of some of these men
§10,000,000 have passed annually, and if they are
honest men and have done their duty to the Gov-
ernment it is a great loss to lose them; and it is
your honest and best men that are going out of
the service.
I suppose some of those rpen have not been
honest, but I believe the great mass of them have
been. I do not know a quartermaster or a com-
missary in this country that has made §1,000
since this war opened. There maybe such,and
probably are, but I do not know one in my ac-
quaintance. I think there is no reason why the
section should not apply to those officefs. The
commissaries are now asking us to pass a bill to
put their department on the same footing with
the quartermaster's department; but it is with the
greatest difficulty we can ever do anything here
for the surgeons, the commissaries, the quarter-
masters, or any other class of staff officers.
Then as to paymasters; under the present laws
of the country a paymaster can make nothing
of any account. He is a major; he has to give
large bonds; he handles hundreds of thousands
of dollars; if he is a dishonest man he may cheat
somebody.; if he is an honest man he has very
hard work to support himself and his family.
Now, sir, taking into view the little we have
done for the staff officers, 1 think we ought not
to exclude them from the benefit ofthis provision.
In regard to the hue of the Army, I know that,
especially among the captains and lieutenants,
there is a strong disposition to get out of the ser-
vice; and hundreds of them are tendering their
resignations, and they are not accepted because
the Government does not wish to lose their ser-
vices; and it is generally your best men, men who
can do something else, men who can better their
conditional home, that want to get outof the ser-
vice, and they are only kept there by patriotic
motives.  
I hope this amendment will be adopted, ex-
cluding as it now does general officers, who I ihmte
are well paid. Many of them have written to rotf
complaining that the commutation piice of their
rations is not raised; they think it is hard to eX> -
elude them from this provision; but I think brig- *
adierand major generals are very well paid under
our law?, and I am perfectly willing that they
shall be exempted from the benefits of this sec-
tion. I think this little bonus that we propose '0
offer to our officers who remain faithful to the
flag until tlic w r ia over is a small matter any.
