1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
but I most heartily join hands with the Senator
from Illinois in the stand that he takes in favor of
doing- here what has been*left undone by the ex-
ecutive department, but what is most necessary to
the country shall be done; for, sir, the country
and its services are worth more to us than the
executive and all the other departments of the
Government put together. The one you can re-
organize and have again, for the country always
furnishes material; but defeated upon the battle-
fields of the country in the present contest, you
have no country and no Army reorganization.
Sir, I hope that this bill will not be voted upon
to-day, but that it will be more seriously consid-
ered before a vote shall^be taken, particularly a
vote that shall result in its indefinite postpone-
ment. Let each department of the Government
courageously do its part; and let us go furtherthan
that; let us press each other's department up to
the performance of its duty, and then we can live
aguinst the world.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I assure the
Senator from California that he need have no deli-
cacy in opposing the action of the Committee on
Military Affairs in this case. The committee
acted according to its best convictions. It pre-
sented its reasons to the Senate. If they are sat-
isfactory I hope the Senate will sustain the com-
mittee in the indefinite postponement of the bill.
If they are not, I hope the Senate will act up to
its convictions, as the.committee acted up to its
idea of public duty.
We all admit, sir, that there are officers in com-
misyion as major generals and brigadier generals
that ought to be mustered out of the service.
Some of these officers are doing nothing, are out
of employment. Others are attempting to do
something; they are in employment, and some of
our poorest officers of the country aie to-day in
the public service and ought to be mustered out.
Some of the officers that are not in actual service
ought to be mustered out, but not all of them.
The responsibility is with the President at' the
United States,and the Presidentought toexcrcise
the responsibility that rests upon him.
Se\reral officers have been mustered out during
the past year. Some,! tlunk, have been mustered
out within the last four or five weeks, or have re-
signed, knowing that otherwise they would be
mustered out. All the facts in regard to the dif-
ferentofficers are in the possession of the War De-
partment, in the possession of the President of the
United States; and in view of all the facts, injus-
tice to the officers,and, above all, in justice to the
count! y, the President ought to act. The respon-
sibility is upon him, and i want him to take it, and
f am not willing to shift the responsibility that
belongs to him from him upon the Congress of the
Unittd States by the passage of a law which will
allow any commander of an army, or any com-
mander of a corps, to throw a general officer out
of the service, with the expectation that by the
lapse of time this law will punish him and dismiss
him absolutely from the service.
I think, sir, that the passage of such a law will
intensify and increase uio rivalries and jealousies
among the officers wlu^h already exist tn the
Army of the United States to a gieat extent. It
is a fact, and we may as well admit it and act upon
it, that m the Army there is more ambition, more
rivalry, more jealousy, and more intngue among
high officers than there is in any other portion
of oui countrymen. I do not believe that in the
most intensely excited political canvass of our
country the ambitions and rivalries that belong
to public men in civil life bearany comparison to
the jealousies and rivalries and ambitions that
manifest themselves m the Army of the United
States. And, sir, I know that to be the opinion
of all men who are acquainted with the Arrnyand
acquainted with the civil affairs of the countiy,
and they will tell you so. At present an officer
may be thiown out of actual service by the re-
organization of corps, or divisions, or biigades,
or from some other cause. I think it is the duty
of the Executive to see whether the officer is out
of service for good cause, or whether he is out
of service by an accident, or out of service by
reason of the opposition, jealousy, rivalry, or ill-
feeling of his superior officer, and to act so as to
do justice to the individual, and at the same time
take care of the interests of the country. We
ought to suppose that by the President all these
officers will be justly treated and the public ser-
vice promoted. But now adopt this law, adopt
this iron rule, and what will be the consequence?
It is proposed to dismiss from the service those
who are out of employment and have been so for
three months. Some of them, I know, ought to
be dismissed, but others ought not to be,and the
very mention of their names would satisfy the
Senate of that fact. Adopt this iron rule, dismiss
them, and I think the effect in the Army will be
to induce men in superior commands to crush out
officeis whom they do not like by putting them
out of service, knowing that by the expiration of
a certain time they will be dropped from the rolls
by the standing law of the country. I think too
much power already exists with the commanders
of armies and of corps over the fortunes of offi-
cers under their command. Their power is great,
necessarily great in the field, and it ought to be
exercised justly, but it is not always so exercised.
There are to-day able officers who are not in the
public service, or, if in the public service, in
positions where they ought not to be, owing to
differences of opinion or rivalries on the part of
officers who have been more fortunate than they,
but who at one time were regarded as in no way
their superiors.
Now, sir, I do not believe that justice will be
promoted by the passage of this bill, and I doubt
very much whether the public service can in any
way be promoted by it. There is no doubt about
the power of the President to dismiss an officer;
he has been exercising it, and 1 think that he
should cxercise it on all proper occasions. The
power is with him; the responsibility is with him,
and I want him to bear it, and not shirk it or
have any of his friends thrust it off upon a rigid
iron rule adopted by Congress as a law. That,
I think, was the view of the members of the Mil-
itary Committee. We briefly stated in the report,
which has been already read, our reasons for the
recommendation we have made. I trust, at any
rate, that the bill will not be passed without the
greatest deliberation, and, in my judgment, it
ought to be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I have looked
into this bill somewhat, and I am very clearly of
the opinion that the report of the Military Com-
mittee is correct, and I therefore hope that the
motion made by the Senator from Massachusetts
will prevail.
The Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
California have both stated to the Senate that
there are very many incompetent officers out of
employment who are receiving pay. I dare say
that is the truth; but it is equally certain that the
power to dismiss those pai ties from the service is
now, by the law of the land, lodged in the Pres-
ident of the United States. I think that if the
power to dismiss, withoutcanse and without trial,
is lodged anywheie, it should be with the Presi-
dent, and upon that high functionary devolves the
duty; and he, and he alone, is, and should be, re-
sponsible to the country if inefficient men are kept
in the service.
I understood from the Senator from Illinois that
he thoughtthat, perhaps, if these men were turned
out it would lessen the number of officers of the
rank of major general and brigadier general. I
do not so understand the bill. It does not de-
crease the number of bngadiergenerals or major
generals. The very bill before*us provides that
when these persons shall be dismissed in the man-
ner provided by it, the vacancy thereby occa-
sioned shall be filled by promotions or new ap-
pointments, as in other cases. If we were Engaged
in reducing the Army it would be eminently
proper, as Congress has done in several cases
heretofore, to pass laws regulating the matter;
but the object of the bill is not to ieduce the num-
ber of general officers, but todispiace them when-
ever they have been out of service for the space
of three months, and let their places be filled by
other appointments.
I do not think that we should amend the pres-
ent law upon tins subject. By the statute passed
in 1862 we clothed the President with the power
of dismissal, without even having a military com-
mission to investigate the conduct of the officer
charged. 1 thought when that law was passed it
was a great stretch of power; but such is thelaw,
and the President has the power, before the setting
of the sun, to strike from the rolls of the Army
every incompetent man; and if he does not do it
the responsibility rests upon lum, and him alone.
He has the means of knowing whether they have
discharged their functions properly more readily
than the Senate has. As Senators hgve stated, ,
the reports are all made to him through the War
Office. I do not think that any man should be
dismissed except for causes the most flagrant and'
almost self-evident, unless his conduct has first
been investigated by a military court; but the law
is not that way. That thfe President has the power
to remove officers without trial we know from
every day's practice. I fully concur with the
Senator ft om Massachusetts when he says that the
responsibility is on the President, and he should
take it. I have no doubt that if these officers should
be dismissed the President will exercise the power
according to the present law; but if you pass this
bill you place every officer in the Army who falls
under the displeasure of a corps commander, or
of the Secretary of War, at the disposal of either
of those functionaries; and he may be put out of
the service by being kept from active duty for
three months. He will go out at the end of that
time by the mere operation of the law. We never
should lodge such a power with those authorities.
The power should be vested in the President, ami
in no one else. If it is made known to him that
an officer is outof the service, and is incompetent
to reenter the service, it is his duty to dismiss him;
and he is unworthy to be President, in times like
these particularly, or, indeed, in any times, unless
he will exercise the power in such a case. If he
has doubts whether the party is inefficient and
incompetent, let him call a court of inq liry to
investigate the ease, and let that court report to
him so as to.fully satisfy him, and then let him
exercise the power. If it is a case in which he
has no doubt about the incompetency of the man,
let him decide without the intervention of a court
of inquiry. He is now clothed with all the power
necessity; and 1 think the lepoitof the Military
Committee is wise and eminently proper.
It was not my purpose fn rising to go into any
lengthy discussion of the bill, but metely to ex-
press in a v< ry bnef manner my views upon the
subject. I shall vote for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill; and 1 think the Military Com-
mittee deserve the thanks of the country for the
very prompt manner in which they have acted,
and the veiy pointed and sensible report they
have made on tins subject. Let Mr. Lincoln, tiie
Presidentof the United States', if these parties are
incompetent, turn them out of office and fill their
places by competent men.
Mi. 110WK. i\h. Piesident, I do not allow
myself very ofien to vote e,gainst a lecommenda-
tion submit ted heiu by the Committee on M litUry
Affairs, and since 1 am called upon to do so at
this time, I feel obliged to state as briefly as I can
the reason why I shall do so. And I say in the
outset that [ am controlled by the facts and mainly
by the logic submitted here by the committee.
There is one conclusion of theirs with which I
disagree, but all the rest of tiieirreport I cordially
agree with. What is the position of the com-
mittee? It is, that a great abuse exists winch
imposes a heavy burden upon the Treasury and
a great wrong upon our Aimy. This bill pro-
poses to terminate it. If it is enacted, it will term-
inate that abuse. The abuse is that we have n
large number of officers holding very high i;mk
and drawing very heavy salaries and doing no
woik. If we say "ay*'to tins bill which is now
before the Senate, that abuse will be terminated,
it will be ended. The committee recommend,
however, that we say" no" and not " ayend
the only reason, I believe, which they assig i hy
we should thus vo'e is that we have already
authorized 'he President of the United S\n<stu
do the very thing that this bill proposes to do.
Hence Senators sayover and over again, Wo
have left th<> responsibility wi'h the Pre^deni; do
not aiiow him to shirk it." Why, sir, 1 humbly
conceive that we have not thrown the n^ponfi*
bihty off ouiselves at all. The President or the
; United States has no more power to do tlu^ thing
! thon we luue; ail the authority he has h>- del jved
, from us. Do we get rid of the responsibility "ur~
j selves when we authorize another agent of tho
I Government to do this work ? It ought to be done,
j say the committee; the abuse ought to be speedily
i remedied, say the committee; but they say. ^ We
|| will not remedy it because we have auinotized
j! another agent of the Government to renu dy it.*"
ti But it is not remedied, and since the ougmal
