898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
hold appropriate religious services at burial of soldiers who
may dio in the commands to which they are attached ; that
they shall devote their entire time to their appropriate work
as chaplains, and that it shall he their duty to hold public
religious services at least once each Sabbath, when cir-
cumstances will permit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like very raucli
the idea of regulating the duties of chaplains on
an appropriation bill. If they do not now per-
form the duties prescribed in this amendment
they ought to be turned out.
Mr. FOSTER. I believe what this amendment
proposes is the law now, and I do not hear any
complaint that chaplains do not do what they can
do consistent with the military requisitions of the
service. 1 believe it is precisely the law now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have been informed by
those conversant with the affairs of chaplains that
they do not devote themselves to the burial of
soldiers; and if they do not, it is high time that
their attention should be called to that subject.
It is a well-known fact, also, that chaplains in the
service perform other duties, duties connected with
religious denominations as ministers, receiving
pay from the Government of the United States as
chaplains and pay from their respective denomi-
nations as ministers. This is the ease with a
number in this city as lam informed, and it is also
the case with numbers of others throughout the
country. This is a good lime, in my opinion, to
make this amendment, and it should be put upon
an appropriation bill because it will be sure to
pass there sooner than anywhere else. 1 trust it
may receive the sanction of the Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON." I offer this as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and directed to cause tobacco to
be furnished to the enlisted men of the Army at cost prices,
exclusive of the cost of tianspurtation, in such quantities
as they may require, not exceeding sixteen ounces per
month,and the amount due therefor shall be deducted from
their pay in the same manner as at present provided for the
settlement of clothing accounts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I submit the following amend-
ment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster
General of the United States Army shall hereafter have tiie
rank, pay, and emoluments of brigadier general. '
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the pay department of the United States Army, as
now organized, two-assistant paymaster generals, who >!ial!
be exofficio m-pector geneials of the department, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of infantry. And
in addition to the two deputy paymaster generals now
authuiized, there shall be added ten others, subject to the
same conditions and provisions as by existing laws pro-
vided for deputy paymaster generals.
Sec.— -And be'it further enacted, That the appoint-
ments to the offices her< in created shall be made by selec-
tion from the officers of the pay department of the United
States Anny, including the additional paymasters and the
chief clerk, and who snail have hart at'least two years'
service and experience in the duties of the pay depart-
ment; after such appointments have been once filled, all
vacancies occurring shall be supplied as now by law pre-
sciibed for the othei staff depaiuuents of the Army.
Sec.—-. Andheit further enacted, Thatthe assistant and
deputy paymaster geneials shall give bond m the manner
now required of deputy paj master generals, and shall be
subject to any duty in the pay department to which they
may be assigned by the Secretary of War.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, Thatwheneverapay
district shall be established, for the charge, superintend-
ence,and command of which no assistant or deputy pay-
master geueiai shall be available as chief, the Seeretaiyof
War may detail any paymaster or additional paymaster of
the Aimy to do tlie duties of such chief; and during the
continuance of such detail and duties, and no longer, the
officer so detailed shall have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a deputy paymaster general: Provided, That tile
total number of such acting deputies shall not, at any one
time, exceed ten.
Sec. —And. be it further enacted, Thatthe Secretary of
War shall have authouty to detail officers of the pay de-
partment for duty as inspectors of such department, not
exceeding four at any one time, who, during the continu-
ance of such detail and duties, shall have the rank, pay,
and emoiumentsui deputy paymaster generals. And the},
together With the inspector generals herein provided for,
shall have the powers and authouty within their own de-
partment now by law and regulations conferred upon in-
spector generals of the Army.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This whole subject
has been before the Military Committee, and has
been extensively considered, and they have re-
ported a bill reorganizing the pay department. I
nm opposed at this stage to putting that bill on
the Army appropriation bill as an amendment,
making a large increase in the staff of the regular
Army, ami no provision for volunteer officers.
The whole subject is now before us m connection
with the bill reported by the committee, and I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I agree in some respects with
the views expressed by the honorable Senator
from Indiana; but it must be observed by the Sen-
ate that the pay department of the Army has le-
mained in its present organization since the com-
mencement of the war. That organization was
for an army of fifteen or twenty thousand men,
and your Army has been increased to a million
men. The increased amount of pay which this
amendment will draw from the Treasury is but
about five thousand dollars. It does not add an
additional officer to the regular service or any other
service. The officers provided for are to be taken
from the service—from the volunteers and from
the regulars. It simply grades the officers; I do
not understand that it increases their number.
Since the war commenced you have reorganized
the Surgeon General's department; you have re-
organized the Quartermaster's department; you
have gone on organizing the regular Army, and
yet not the slightest attention lias been paid to
this most important branch of the public service.
It seems to me that this bill is a good place to
which to attach this provision. I move it as an
amendment to this appropriation bill, not because
it is entirely appropriate to that hill, but because
there is so little time before the adjournment ofCon-
gress that it is important to seize this opportunity
to bring the subject, if possible, before the other
House at an early day. The measure comes from
the War Department; it has received the sanction
of the Secretary of War; it has received the sanc-
tion of the highest officers in the pay department;
and it has received the sanction of others inter-
ested in the public service. They all say that the
public service demands that this organization
should be made, in order that the pay department
may work more efficiently and better than it has
heretofore worked.
There is oiie important idea which should not
be lost sight of in this connection. The officer
in charge=of this department having perhaps a
hundred men under him attending to all the dis-
bursements for the pay of the Army, has no more
pay, no more rank, no higher command than any
one of the hundred paymasters of whom he has
charge. I am sure that if the facts in regard to
the present organization were known to Senators
as they are known to the Army the effect would
be at once to induce a change and a reorganiza-
tion.
I really hope the chairman of the Committee
on Finance will not object to this amendment, but
will consent that it shall be attached to this bill
and go to the House of Representatives. If it shall
be objectionable to that body, it may be stricken
out by the committee of conference. But, sir, in
behalf of this service, one of the most important
services of the Government, I appeal to him to
let it go on the'bill, as he has already consented
to other amendments from the Military Commit-
tee; let it go before the House of Representatives
for its action, and then, if it is objectionable, let
the committee of conference finally strike it out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there are no other amend-
ments to be proposed, I ask that we now go back
to the amendment which was passed over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment which was passed over will now be taken
up. The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out the proviso at the end of the bill. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coivan] proposed
to amend the proviso so as to make :t lead:
Proviiled, That money appropriated by this act, or any
other act, and u <■<', for the purpose of paying any raihoad
company for the transposition of property or troops ot the
United States, when such company may have accepted a
grant of lauds from Congress upon condition of furnishing
said tian«portation fiee of toll or^.1 her charge, shall be sub-
ject to ituure adjustment betvve^l the United States and
■said companies, it not being intended to admit the light of
said coinpauies to compensation ipr such transportation.
The first question is on tlflj amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania tithe proviso.
Mr. BROWN. 1 do not Ise in his seat th *
Senator who offered this amentftnent, but I woufil
call -attention to the fact tjiat strikes out^tire
words " except in such case's as'ijsiave been aSodi-
fied by act of Congress." ThoSg worda'are to
be stricken out, and yet those casf&s.ftrg already
covered by act of Congress, and are legalized,and
the result of this proviso would be to unsettle that
class of cases, cases thafare covered now, and that
occurred in my own State]
Mr. JOHNSON. I submiioto the Senate that
the authdrity is only to adjust them. Of course
they are to be adjusted under the law. No law
is repealed by this provision, if by the laws to
which reference is made, and which are not men-
tioned in the proviso, the Government has sur-
rendered its right to use the roads, of course there
can be no claim on the part of the Government.
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest to the Senator,
in reply, tha* here are cases in which Congress
by special act has authorized the Secretary, of
War to go on and make payments to certain rail-
road companies. Now, this proviso here covers
all payments that are made to all the roads that
have had land grants, and unsettles all those pay-
ments, leaves them for future adjustment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I meant to say was
that if the laws are as the honorable member sup-
poses them to be, if Congiess has by law author-
ized and directed the Secretary to go on and make
those payments, we cannot afterward call in
question the validity of those payments, and all
that the amendment suggests is that hereafter this
matter is to be adjusted—adjusted of course upon
the law as it is and the facts as they may turn
out to be. Certainly it cannot be the purpose of
this amendment to interfere with any payment
which Congress has authorized to be made.
Mr. BROWN. The Senate will perceive that
in the language of the proviso as incorporated in
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives is this phrase: " except in such cases as
have been modified by act of Congress." That
is the assumption that they have been modified,
that the payments have been authorized; but if
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
be adopted and the proviso remain as it will then
stand it will unsettle all that class of cases. 1
am opposed to it for that reason if for no other.
Mr. JOHNSON. There can be no objection
to retaining those words in the proviso as they
came from the House of Representatives. What
I meant to say was that whether the words were
in or not the result would be the same; but there
can certainly be no objection to keeping the
words in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the proposition
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, so far as the
present railroad enterprises in the West are con-
cerned, will have all the bad effects of the House
proposition withoutanyof the present benefits of
the House proposition. I am opposed to the amend-
ment and also to the original proviso; and I ex-
press a dissent to this policy with very much
reluctance, because my views are not in accord-
ance with those of a colleague of the House of
Representatives, for whose opinion, as a legis-
lator and a lawyer, I have a very profound respect.
But, sir, I prefer to leave this question where it
has been since the war, with the Wai Department.
I am not prepared to say that the arrangement
between the Government and these railroad com-
panies has been an unjust or an inequitable one.
A deduction, I understand, is made of thirly-
three per cent, from the pay of these companies,
because of the aid the Government gave in the
construction of the roads. I suppose that the
Secretary of War has looked over the whole sub-
ject, and has come to the conclusion that, m view
of the investment that the Government made and
of the in vestment that the stock holders have made,
that is fair and just, and I am willing to leav e it
to his judgment. I am not prepaied to say that
the construction of the act of 1850 granting lands
to the State of Illinois, which this proposition as-
sumes to be right, is correct. The language is,
"Ant|* the said railroad and branches shall be
and remain a public highway fur the use of the
GoWrnment of the United States," (the right to
us^ is made free,) " free from toll or other charge
upon the transportation of any property or troops
®f the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON. The road itself was made
under a charter granted by the State of Illinois,
and under that chartei nobody could use the road
except the company itself; that is to say, the cars
and the locomotive power were to belong to the
1 company. Nobody was authorized tornn a loco-
motive on it or put cars on it without the consent
of the company; but when we, in the law, give to
the United States the right to use the road, it is to
use it as it is, to use the locomotives and to use
the cars. At least I think that is the interpreta-
tion. Otherwise, merely to give to the United
