134:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
made with no such view, but with a view to make
these thanks, when they are given, worth some-
thing, no^K> cheapen the thanks of Congress and
havte themgiven on mere motion without consid-
eration, but let the deliberate thanks of the rep-
resentatives of the people and of the States be
given to this commander after consideiation.
There is no haste about this, whether it is to-day
or to-morrow. Let the resolution come back to-
morrow reported by the Senator from Indiana
with the unanimous indorsement of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and let us then give it the
unanimous sanction of the Senate 1 think it
would then be more valuable. I think that is the
course which the Senate ought to adopt upon this
occasion; but I shall not vote against the reso-
lution of thanks because it is pressed to a vote
to-day, if the Senate think proper to do so, for
whenever the question comes I shall vote for the
resolution, and am quite as much for it ay any of
those gentlemen who would hasten it through
without its taking the ordinary course, mid I think
the usual course would be more complimentaiy
to the gallant commander whom it is intended to
compliment than if the resolution is passed in this
hasty and, perhaps 1 may say, indecent way.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur in everything that the
honorable Senator from Illinois has said. There
is not amember of this body that will give a more
cordial vote in favor of the resolution than I will,
because I believe that the gallant general who is
made its subject has rendered more brilliant and
important service to his country in tin* conduct
of the armies than any other who is now or has
been heretofore in the service; but notwithstand-
ing that is my opinion 1 would much prefer that
this, resolution should pass in the order and with
the deliberation that would give it the highest
moral value to the hero whom it is intended to
honor, and that it would he most accepiable to his
feelings, and I think if it was dene dehUnately it
would have more effect upon his iu.-U estimate of
the tribute than by its being humed through the
Senate.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, reported to tlx; Senate with-
out amendment, ordeied to a thiid reading, read
the third time, and passed unanimously.
UNEMPLOYED GKNKUALS A (J A TV.
The Senate lesumcd the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 586) to drop from the rolls of the
Army unemployed geueial officers, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Wilson to
postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. HENDRICKS, lly the net of JSG2 all
officers of the Army were made dependent directly
upon the pleasure of the Piesident for then- posi-
tions. In order to hold their positions, as well as
to secure piomotton* they had to be in favoi at
the city of Washington, i do not believe that
the public service was promoted thereby; but the
President in the exeieise of tin; power eonteried
upon him by that law was answerable dneetly to
the country, if he dismissed a man highui com-
mand, the friends of that individual would to
some extent vindicate his reputation, if it was an
arbitrary and unjust net; and theiefore theiewas
some security to the officereven in theoxt reise of
so high a power as that law confeis. Hut what is
now pi oposed ? Not to do this thing duectiy, but
indirectly. The Societal y of War, deMrmg to
strike at some officer in the Aimy (if such a thing
can be presumed) will not dismiss the officer,
which would attract public attoniion,and would
rally his friends to Ins vindication, but will simply
withdraw him from command. Thocountry may
say " For the tune beuux the services of this man
are not requited, there is no plaee for him." That
might be the judgment for the time bring of the
country; but at the end of thiee months tins man
is found out of the service by an indirect juoceed-
ing,and the responsibility attaches nowheie. I
say, sir, that under such a law the honor of the
officer in the fluid is not safe. I prefer that the
arbitrary power shall be possessed by the Presi-
dent, to be exercised under his responsibility to
the country, rather than to enact a sweeping law
like this, i shall vote for the motion made by
the Senator fiom Massachusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when this
bill was first brought to the consideration of the
Senate to-day I had not had time to look into the
law to see what the precedents had been, nor to
consider the phraseology of the bill very partic-
ularly. Since the discussion has been going on I
have looked back at the former legislation of Con-
gress somewhat, and have examined the bill more
carefully. Now, sir, I cannot expect, with this
unanimous report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that anything I may say will be likely to
change their opinion, or what will probably be the
opinion of the Senate; but 1 wish to come back
to the evil which is complained of and to show to
Senators, if they will give me their attention, and
to the country, the exact position which we occupy
in defeating this bill; to show that so far from the
bill being inconsistent with precedent it is sus-
tained by the direct action of Congress ata former
period of the history of the Government; that it
is a duty as much incumbent upon us as upon
the Executive to remedy an evil, and the com-
mittee themselves, in their own report, confess
tlmt. it is an evil which ought to be remedied.
Now, sir, what say this committee unani-
mously? The Committee on Military Affairs say
that " many general officers in the regular and
volunteer forces of the Army of the United States
have been and now are unemployed, or not on
duty corresponding with their lank." The Com-
mittee on Mihtciiy Affairs unanimously say that
these officers " hold commissions ambdraw pay
and allowances without any equivalent service
rendered to theGovei-nment;" and the Committee
on Military Affairs unanimously say that " atthe
same time these officers stand in the way of the
promotion and consequent increase-of compensa-
tion of the officers of inferior grade who are per-
forming the duties proper to such genetal officers."
The Committee on Military Affairs further say
that " tips is burdensome to the Tieasury, unjust
to merttouous officers in the field, and should be
speedily remedied;" yet ihey propose to do noth-
ing to remedy it. The Committee on Military
Affairs further say that—
c{ Keonomy, justice, and the efficiency and jjenern) in-
tet c-U-i of the nniiiiu v *e> vice alike demand that where gen-
oi al olheers mthe ie ular and volunteer torcos of the Hinted
SUiliH are found to be unlit lor eoumiamK-, and who are
consequently unemployed or employed on duty not corre-
sponding to their lank, they .should be iniistcied out of the
service, and tli.u the v.icaneu s- thus created should he filled
bv n'-w pioniotions and appointments, in oider that the otli-
eei> of an iak'uor yiade who arc peiiormin« the duties
piopei to such geneial olhccts maybe promoted toiher.mk
and receive the pay, allowance^ and emoluments of such
general officeis."
After stating that, after recapitulating the evil,
saying that economy and justice and the efficiency
and general interests of the military service re-
quire that this evil should be remedied, what is the
conclusion? There lore we, the Committeeon Mil-
nai y Affairs, recommend the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill which proposes to remedy it!
That is the logic. That is exactly what the com-
mittee recommend. Wc acknowledge the evil,
and therefore we propose indefinitely to postpone
the bill which will remedy it! Why? Because
the Piesident of the United States has the power
to remedy it. Well, sir, but he does not exercise
his power. You say in your report that he does
not; that these men are holding office; you remit
U to the President, as you have been remitting it
to him, audit has not been done. The evil exists.
The efficiency of the military service requires it to
be lemcdied. You have the power to remedy it;
but somebody else has the power; and because
somebody else will not exercise it, therefore we
will not exorcise it, but will let the military service
snfferand let unemployed'officers receive pay, let
injustice be done to inferior officers who are per-
forming theduty which belongs tothosesuperiors;
we will not remedy it though we have the power,
because, forsooth, the President of the United
States has the power, and yet he will not remedy
it! Is not that the position? Can we go before
the country, can we go before officets of the Army,
can we do justice to ourselves while we occupy
such a position ?
I have before me a letter from the Secretary of
War, communicated to the House of Represent-
atives on the 31st of March last, in which he
states that there were in the service of the Gov-
ernment of the United States one hundred and
sixty-two colonels commanding brigades and di-
visions in your Army. One hundred and sixty-
two colonels; the very men who have led your
brigades and your divisions in battle, who have
boi tie your flag in triumph from the mouth of the
Ohio to the Gulf, and from Atlanta to Savannah,
who have earned your flag to the heart of Aikan-
sas, and have nearly crushed out this rebellion;
and for two years and more, many of them bear-
ing wounds upon their person, and having led
divisions in battle time and again, are not per-
mitted to have either the rank or the pay of a
•general, because somebody else at home in the
State of Illinois or the State of New Hampshire
or the State of Massachusetts, draws the pay and
has the rank of general 1 is this right? And shall
we stand here quibbling whether we shall do our
duty and complain of the Executive that he does
not do his? Sir, let us go along hand in hand
with the Executive; let us move on shoulder to
shoulder with the Executive; and if be fails in
any of the great responsibilities devolved upon
him, and we have the power to uphold his hands,
let us exercise and assert that power.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the Senatorpar-
don me for one moment? This bill, if H passes,
does not compel the mustering out of service of
anybody. It only provides for mustering out o*
service those who are not employed for three
months. Who has the right to employ them ? The
President has the right to assign them to com-
mands or not, precisely as he pleases, and so has
the corps commander and the department com-
mander; and, after all, fhp discretion rests with
the President; and your bill is utterly ineffective
unless the President chooses to carry it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What, then, becomes of
this complaint of an arbitrary rule, and this talk
of a Procrustean bed that is to be applied to
everybody, and to strike men out at the end of
three months at any rate ? What becomes of the
aigument of the Senator from Iowa, whom I am
sorry not to see now in his seat [Mr. Grimes]
that this wasan arbitrary rule; and of theremavks
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell;]
and I had almost said, of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Indiana himself, but I am not sure that
he made use of that argument? We have been
told that this is an arbitrary rule to dismiss men
from the service; and now,lo and behold! it is
meiely a bill leaving it,after all, to the discretion
of the President. I think this bill would amount
to something. I agree that a discretion is left by
the bill to the Executive, and it does not dismiss
from the public service every officer who has been
unemployed for three months. It provides ex-
pressly that "no officer is to be considered as in-
cluded in the foregoing provision whose absence
from duty shall have been occasioned by wounds
received or disease contracted in the line of his
duty while in the military service of the United
States, or by his being a prisoner of war in the
hands of the enemy, or under parole." It does
not provide for dismissing any of these persons
who are thus disabled from performing theirduty.
It applies only to such as shall have been contin-
uously out of the service for three months prior
to the 15th day of February, 1865. If the Presi-
dent wishes to retain in the service any of these
officers who are not now performing actual ser-
vice, it is easy enough for him to give them em-
ployment between now and the 15th of February;
or, if that is too soon, put it the 4th day of July
next. It is not the detail of the bill that is ob-
jected to, but the principle of the bill is objected
to by the Military Committee. For myself, when-
ever there is evil existing in the country, and the
legislative authority has the power to correct that
evil, I hold it to be our duty to exeicise that
power.
But it has been said that some division com-
mander may retire a man from service for three
months, and then he will be dropped by the effect
j of this bill, flow can a division commander re*
, tiie him from service after the passage of the bill
any moie than now? This bill g!ves him no ad-
ditional power to retire a general from service.
If the division commander is that unjust officer
represented here, actuated by malicious and im-
pioper motives, he can retire a general now as
well as he can after the passage of this bill; and
will you gain anything by keeping that general
officer in your pay, and holding the rank while
another performs the duty? It seems to me not.
Rut, sir, it has seemed to be supposed that this
was unprecedented; and such was the view of the
Senator from Iowa. This bill, drawn, as I think,
with very considerable care, and which comes to
us with the indorsement of the House of Repre-
