1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK
here that tend to depreciate the value of railroad
stocks and railroad bonds, you strike at your own
constituencies.
1 do not believe that the Federal Government
will realize any advantage from the amendment
proposed, and in my judgment it will greatly dam-,
age the gentlemen who are now actively engaged
in constructing these roads in. the sparsely popu-
lated portions of the Northwest; and he nee-1 must
vote against the amendment and for the proposi-
tion of the Committee on Finance to strike out
the proviso.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not know that what I
rise now to say is entirely in order, but as the sub-
ject of these railroads is progressing with such
rapid speed, I wish to say that I submitted a res-
olution a little while ago that was objected to and
notconsidered, which contains certain statements
offact.and I now declare in the presence of the
reporters and of the country, that if assurance
can be given to the witnesses that the hand of
military power will not be laid upon, but that
they shall be allowed to give their testimony freely,
I believe X can prove what is alleged in the reso-
lution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. You are too late, sir; I
have done.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered;a d being taken,resulted
—yeas 12, nays 26; as follows:
. YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Grimes, Hale, Henderson,
Howard, Johnson, Nesmith, Powell, Kamsey, Richardson,
Spragne, and Wright—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Brown, Buckalew, Carlile,
Clark, Uonuess,.Cowan, Dixon, JDooliitlc, Foot, Foster,
Ilarlan, Harris, Hcndncks, Ilovve, Lane of Kansas. Mor-
gan, Nye, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trum-
bull, Wilkinson, Wtlley, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Davis, Farwell, Harding,
Lane of Indiana, McDongall, Mornll, Pomeroy, ltiddle,
Saulsbury, Van Winkle, and Wade—12.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. COWAN. I have but a word to say upon
that question. Certain gentlemen mistake utterly
and entirely the purport of this amendment and
the spirit in which it was made. It is not made
as a strike at the railroads at all. It is made, if
possible, to reconcile all the various conflicting
parties here upon some common ground, and to
allow the question to go over to a future time for
adjustment. Certainly it would be far better for
the railroads to have this amendment as it is pre-
sented here than that they should have the proviso
put in by the House of Representatives, or that
they should have the action of the War Depart-
ment, being paid under protest, with the threat
of a suit hereafter. I am utterly astonished that
they should object to this amendment. What
does it do? It gives them a chance hereafter to
have an adjustment of all these things which they
now charge as reasons why they should not do
this work for nothing.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I thinkit throws the additional doubtor pro-
test of Congress against these railroads. We
are told now that the Secretary of .War author-
izes the auditing and allowing of sixty-six and
two thirds per cent, of the usual price paid on
other railroads to these land-grant railroads; but
he says in the contract that he does not decide
their ultimate right to the money.
Mr. COWAN. He pays it every time under
protest.
Mr. IIARLAN. A legal protest will be the
effect of the manner in which it is paid. The
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to remedy
this by casting the additional protest of Congress
against these railroads; for that is the effectof his
amendment—that Congress does not admit the
right of these railroads to receive anything. The
Secretary of War does not admit their right, but
pays them two thirds of what is paid to other
railroads. Congress makes an appropriation.
Mr. COWAN. I did not yield to the honor-
able Senator to make a speech.
Mr. HARLAN. I desired to state the point
of difficulty in my mind; but I will wait until the
Senator is through.
Mr. COWAN. 1 do not wish to provoke de-
bate. I offered the amendment in good faith to
reconcile two parties here. Here is a party on
my right who insist that this is a subsisting con-
tract, and ought to be enforced specifically now.
Here is a party on the other hand who insist that
the railroad companies should be released and
discharged from it, and that the question should
be decided now. The whole meaning of the
amendment is to let the question go over for ad-
justment hereafter, when we shall have time to
listen to all the parties and take everything into
account.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to be understood on
this point. As before stated, the Secretary of
War directs two thirds of the ordinary amount
paid to other companies to be paid to these land-
grant railroad companies, but does it under pro-
test, not admitting on his part that they are en-
titled to anything. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania proposes to remedy that and make it better
for the railroads by calling oh Congress to say
the.following:
Shall be subject to future adjustment between the United
States and said companies, it not being intended to admit
the rightof said companies to compensation for such trans-
portation.
That is, he will throw the weight of the doubt
of Congress into the scale also against the com-
panies. If there is any doubt now in the mind
of the Secretary, I do not wish to have that doubt
strengthened by putting it into an act of Congress,
and thus throwing the weight of the congres-
sional doubt into the scale against these com-
panies. That is the whole effect of the amend-
ment he proposes. If it is doubtful now, let the
companies remain under that doubt; let us not
attempt to adjudicate against them, and throw a
doubt on our part against them. As I think, they
are not receiving any more than they ought to
receive. The rate of compensation now being
received was fixed early after the commencement
of this war. It is much less, I believe, than the
railroad companies charge private individuals for
transporting like goods. It was fixed early in
the war before the price of commodities had risen
in the market and before the wages of employes
had risen. It is two thirds of that low compen-
sation that these land-grant railroads are now
receiving under this decision of the Secretary of
War. That is little enough, in my opinion.
Relief has been given to certain railroads in
Missouri, i protested against that as partial two
years ago. You passed a law granting them full
compensation as fixed by the Secretary of Waf,
making no deduction. I thought that was unjust
to the railroad companies building railroads in
Iowa running parallel with these Missouri roads,
because they were to some extent in competition
with each other in the money markets of the
world. I thought it unjust to take money out of
the Treasury and give it to them, which was not
given m like quantity to the railroad companies
in Iowa that were rival companies. But now the
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to throw
additional burdens on these people who are now
in the market buying iron at the immense price
that it bears, and hiring men at the high wages
that labor commands in the market, to throw ad-
ditional doubt on their right to this trivial com-
pensation, to throw these additional burdens on
them when they need assistance most. It seems
to me it will be very unfair to these companies
to adopt this amendment. It certainly will not
have the effect the Senator supposes, but the re-
verse.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Foot, Howard, John-
son, Nesmith, Sherman, Ten Eyek,and Wade—9.
NAYS—Messrs. liiown, Uuckalevv, Cailile, Clark, Con-
ness, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe, Lilne of Kansa*, Morgan, Nye,
Powell, Richardson,Saulsbury, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumnei,
Trumbull, Willey, Wilson, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Davis, Farwell,
Grimes, Harding, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Mornll,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Van Winkle, and Wilkin-
son—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
returns on the amendment reportedfrom theCom-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot vote fer Ats amend-
ment. I prefer rather to hold these various com-
panies to the bargain, which (.hey hate made, by ,
accepting the grants of land from Congress in the
terms in which they are made. I hold it to be the
duty of these companies under the statutes grant-
ing the lands to do the transportation of the troops
and property of the. United States whenever they
are called upon to do that act. I can give' thisf
clause in the statute relating to the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad and to the vanous.other railroads nqr,
other interpretation; and 1 am convinced that
if this question shall ever be raised fairly and"''
squarely in a properly enlightened court of jus^.
tice or equity, that that will be. thedecision ot the .
tribunal, ana that they will be held to do that
transportation free of charge of any kind what-
ever. . .. "
My friend from Illinois differs with me inopin- ,
ion as to the construction to be given to this clause
of the act, and insists that the whole extent of the
privilege retained by the United States is that of
running their own cars over the mere track of the
road after it shall have been constructed by (he
company, and of course running their own cms
at their own expense and by employes paid by
themselves, and consequently by no means under
the control of the company itself who owns
the track of the road. It seems to me that this
construction of the act is entirely destructive of
the purpose and object of the act itsolf.. Why,
sir, it says to the United States, when it presents
its regiments, its brigades, its divisions, and its
corps of. the Army to be transported from one
place to another for the purpose of prosecuting
this war, "True, you are permitted by the actof
1852 to place your men in your own cars and
place your cars thus loaded upon our track, and .
when you are on our track it is your privilege to
pass your men to this or that or the other point,
wherever you are going; but if you use our cars
and not your own, you must pay us whatever,
amount of charges we may see fit to impose, and
the whole extent of your exemption is that you
need not pay for the rolling of the iron wheels
upon the iron tracks."
I can give the act no such absurd construction.
I am willing to say that if acaseshall arise which
shall operate hardly and severely upon the com-
panies who are called upon to do this transporta-
tion that it would be a debt of honor on the part
of the United States to relieve them from that
hardship; but when it is put to me as a matter of
law, as it is now put, that these companies are.
exempted from the duty of transporting our
troops and goods free of charge as part and par-
cel of the consideration of the land which we have
given to them, I cannot pass it by and by my
vote admit that they owe no obligation except
that of merely the privilege of passing over ihe
iron track.
It is said by my honorable friend from Iowa
that we are making a thrust at the eiedit of the
railroads themselves when we propose to retain
to ourselves the rights which we claim were re-
tained by the acts of Congress. I do not under-,
stand that we are making any thrust at the credit
of the railroads. We are simply holding the rail-
roads which now exist, and those which may
hereafter exist, to the bargain which they have
made with us. If we find it a hard bargain, and
desire relief, let them come and present their ap-
plications to Congress, and we will relieve them;
but I do not feel justified, by the erasure of this
provision from the bill, in suffering the state of
things which has existed heretofore still to exist
in the War Department. I do not feel that it is
our duty to suffer the Secretary of War to pro-
coed and pay these roads whatever sum he may
see fit to pay them for the transportation of troops
and goods upon their road, which, m my judg-
ment, ought to be transported fteu of all chaige.
If we suffer this to go on further the railroads will
turnaround upon us and say, not only with plaus-
ibility, but with legal force, that having hmi all
these facts before our eyes, and having suffered
this state of things to exist, and suffered our Sec-
retary of War to settle and pay these roads, it is
our duty still to continue to pay them; that we
have acquiesced in this absurd construction of the
acts of Congress', in snort, that we nave waived
all objection to their claim, and are therefore
bound by it. I choose to reserve my rights, I
am willing to be liberal and fair with the roads;:
but I will not give up what is to me a  obvious
