1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
sentatives, the immediate representatives of the
people, designed to correct an admitted evil, does
notarbitranly muster these officers oat of service.
It leaves it, as the Senator from Indiana has well
remarked, at last in thb discretion of the Presi-
dent, but it controls that discretion to some ex-
tent. It enables him to determine which shall go
out, and it compels the leaving; of the service by
men whom he will not place in positions to dis-
charge duties corresponding to the ranks they
hold. Now, sir, what was the legislation of 1815,
soon after the close of the last war with England ?
I ask the attention of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Powell,] who seems so anxious to throw
responsibility upon the President to this provision
of the law. The fifth section of the act of March
3, 3815, declares:
"Sec. 5. „2w? be it further enactcd, That the President of
the United States cause to be ai ranged the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, ami privates of the sev-
er i! corps of troops now in the berviee of the United States
in such a manner ;tg to lurtn and oompleie out ot' the sime
the cotp* authoiizod by tin-* act, and cuu-e the supernu-
merary officers, noiwomtmsMonpd ofliceis. musician-;, and
privates to he ducluugod fiom the soivice of the United
States from and alter tfie lr-t day of May next,or as soon as
ciicumstances may permit."
Here was a law requiring the President, by a
certain day, to dismiss a portion of the Army,
just as the bill now under consideration requires
that by a certain day, unless the President, m his
discretion, puts these officers into command, they
shall go out of the service. The law of 1815 di-
rected that the President should arrange the offi-
cers of the Army, and should, by a certain day,
dismiss the supernumeraries. In principle, how
do these laws differ ? There is a precedent for the
action contemplated by this bill. The piinciple
is the same. The present bill does not use the
word " discretion," but the Senator from Indiana
admits that it is leftat last in the discretion of the
President, because, he says, it is competent for
the President to put the officer in command, and
then he cannot be musteied out. He has the dis-
cretion, therefore, but this will stimulate the
activity ot* the President.
The effect of this bill will be to give place to
deserving officers. I can use no better language
than the committee themselves have used for the
purpose of showing the necessity of the passage
of just such abill'as this. lam in favor of it
because I want to do justice to meritorious offi-
cers in the field. This is the great motive with
me. i confess it would be a sufficient motive to
be able to discharge from the sei vice men who aie
drawing pay and holding rank and rendering no
service to the country; but I am actuated by an-
other motive in wishing the passage of this hill.
I want your gallant commanders recognized; I
want your colonels, near two liundted of them
who have performed the duties of these idle gen-
erals for two years and more, exposing their per-
sons upon every battle-field, to have the rank, and
1 want to give them the pay belonging to the du-
tuies they have pei formed. 1 want to take fiom
their shoulders the eagle and place upon them the
slats they have earned; and, sir, in their behalf,
in behalf of the Army and the good of the public
service, in the language of the report of this com-
mittee, I ask Senators to pass thus bill.
Mr. WILSON, i desire to say to the Senator
from Illinois that the committee admit, as they
have stated in their report, that incompetent offi-
cers ought to be dismissed, not officers out of
employment, but incompetent officers. I do not
think the fact thatan officei is outof employment
for a few weeks an evidence that he ought to be
dismissed from the public service; and I think
that any person who will look at the record, at
the names of the officers now outof employment,
will say that all of those officers ought not to be
dismissed. Some of them areamorig our bravest
and our best officers, men who have distinguished
themselves on many a battle-field. There are of-
fice is to-day in the service of the United States
in the field who ought not to be in that service,
men who are admitted on all hands to be inferior
officers.
The position of the committee is this: that in-
competent officers ought to be mustered outof the
service, whether they are now in service, or not
in service; and the committee go further, and say
this on the ground of the good of the public ser-
vice, and as an act. to make way for deserving in-
ferior officers. But the committee take this posi-
tion, that the President of the United States is
clothed with ample powers now on this subject;
that he is the responsible man, and ought to be
held to his just responsibility.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire if the President has any more authority
over this thing than we have?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. On the 17th of July,
1862, Congress passed " An act to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes." The seventeenth sec-
tion of that act is in these words:
" That the Purulent of the United States be, and hereby
i<=, snitbonzed and requested to dismiss and discharge from
the military service either in the Army, Navy, Marine
coips, or volunteer toice in the United States seivlce,any
ofliecr for any cau<e which, in his judgment, either lenders
such officer unsuitable for or whot-e dismission would pio-
mote the public service."
There is the law saying to the President of the
United States, " You are authorized to dismiss
any officer in the service, and you are requested
to do it if, in your judgment, the publicgood will
be promoted by so doing," There is his war-
rant of action; there is the authority; there is the
request of the Congress of the United States; and
if there is a man to-day in the public service, or
in commission who is not in service, who is un-
worthy of the commission he bears, the respon-
sibility is with the President of the United States,
and not with Congress. I do not wish to relieve
the President of that responsibility. He isCom-
mander-in Chief of the Army; he has the means
of knowing the worth of eveiy officer in the mili-
tary and naval seivice of the country; he has all
the means of information; and lethim exorcise it
according to his sense of justice and his sense of
public duty.
It is now proposed to relieve the President from
this responsibility. We all say that there are
officers tn the service who ought to be mustered
out. 1 admit that most of the general officers to
be reached by this bill, if it should pass, ought to
be mustered out of the service at once, but there
are several of those officeis whom everybody
would say ought not to be. Now, sir, if you
leave it with the President,let him exercise it. I
understand that several were dismissed but a few
weeks ago, and that with regard to some dozen or
fifteen others,the matteris in course of examina-
tion, and they will be discharged probably in a
very short time. 1 think there are some men who
are employed in the service to-day, who would
not he reached by this bill, who ought to go atao,
and i believe that to be the judgment of the War
Department and of (he officcis in the field who
know the worth of these men.
Nobody doubts that we have the authority to
pass this bill. The simple question is, whether
we ought to pass it; whether we ought to adopt
this iron rule, and put on the law the responsi-
bility that now belongs to the Commander-in-
Chief of the armies of the United States, who
ought to exercise in all these matters a wise dis-
cretion, governed by a sense of public duty and
of justice to officers. I believe that the passage
of this bill will do in justice to some men who are
now our of employment, and will do injustice in
its operation in the future oil men who are now
in the service, and who may be put in this posi-
tion in order to work them out of the public ser-
vice, when the President, or no man responsible
to the country, would muster them out of the ser-
vice, and then the responsibility of injustice, if
injustice should be done, will rest upon the law,
upon the action of the Congress of the United
Slates.
The question of our power to pass such a bill
has been referred to, and the Senator from Illi-
nois brings in here an act passed in 1815 when
the Army of the United States was reduced. We
do not propose to reduce the number of general
officers. We have seventy major generals of vol-
unteers and two hundred and seventy-five brig-
adier generals of volunteers. It is not proposed
to reduce the number, h is simply to muster
some out in order to make room for the promo-
tion of others.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] re-
ferted to what he regarded as a sort of question
about the reduction of the Army by Congress.
I do not believe there is anyquestion about that.
If the war closed to-day, there would be no diffi-
culty here in reducing the Army to the size Con-
gress believed the good of the country required.
I do not believe that is a possible disturbing ques-
tion in the country. I believe that nearly all the
soldiers and an overwhelming majority of the of-
ficers of the Army would be glad to-day if the
war closed and they could retire to the duties of
private life.
There is no occasion to pass this bill in order
to exercise the authority of Congress over the
Army, or to show that Congress ought to direct
and control the President. Congress has given
him all the power now. He is clothed with it.
We have reelected him President of the United
States, and I am for holding him to his just re-
sponsibility on this and on all other questions,
and not, because he shall fail to do what we be-
lieve to be his duty, come in here and pass a law
that shall relieve thePresidentandputtheburden
upon us, or upon a law that we choose to pass.
I do not, for one, wish to relieve him from any
of the just responsibilities of the high position
to which he has been reelected. Therefore, sir,
I believe it wise not to pass this bill, but to leave
the matter as it is, and let the President of the
United States take the responsibility that the law
of the country now devolves upon him.
Mr. FARWELL. I am somewhat embar-
rassed about voting upon this question. The
committee state in their report that there are many
officers who ought to be relieved from the service.
The law authorizing the President to dismiss these
officers has been upon the statute-book for over
two yours, and he has not, it appears, acted upon
that law even to the satisfaction of the committee.
1 rise for the purpose of suggesting to the honor-
able chairman of the committee that he withdraw
his motion to indefinitely postpone the bill, and
then let us postpone its further consideration for
thirty days. I believe if thePresident shall neg-
lect or refuse to act under that law, and dismiss
from the service officers whom the good of the
service and justice to men of inferior rank in the
service require should be dismissed, that then it
will be the duty of Congress to take this matter
in hand and act for themselves. The discussion
of this matter perhaps will call the attention of the
Executive, the Commander-in-Chief, to it. His
duties are very severe; the calls upon his time for
the consideration of various subjects must engross
it nearly all; but the discussion which lias been
held here to-day will undoubtedly call his atten-
tion to this matter, and 1 tiust that su-ch action
will be taken upon it as shall satisfy the Senate
that the postponement of it was a wise measure.
I hope the Senator will withdraw his motion, and
then I will make a. motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, at one time
it was a question of doubt whether the President
of the United States had the authority as Presi-
dent, without legislative sanction, to remove an
officer of the Army. The general practice was
not to take a step of that-sort without a preced-
ing court of inquiry or a court-martial. But the
better opinion, us well as I recollect, or what was
supposed to be the better opinion, was that the
officers of the Army stood toward the President
m the same relation in which the civil officers
of the country stand, that although they are ap-
pointed by and with the advicc and consentof the
Senate, they could be removed by the President
alone; and the President frequently, or occasion-
ally, I know, has exercised that power. There
was a case that excited a good deal of interest,
as the Senate will remember when I mention it,
bccause of the particular circumstances attending
it, in which General Jackson exercised that power.
In going from here to Alexandria on board a
steamboat, he was very rudely assaulted by a
lieutenant in the Navy or in the Marine corps, I
forget which, a Lieutenant Randolph. He of-
fered him a very gross indignity, and tho Presi-
dent at once struck him fiom the roll. In several
other cases the President has done the same thing.
But, although it has been done occasionally,
when the act of 1862 was passed there was an
impression that it could notbe done except under
the authority of some act of Congress, and to
give the power so as to satisfy those who thought
that the power did not exist without legislation,
or to satisfy those who doubted whether the power
existed, the act of 18G2 was passed, and, as the
Senate have seen from the reading of that act, it
gives to the President the right, without any
cause, if he in his judgment thinks the public ser-
