902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
construction of an act of Congress merely for the
sake of peace and quiet with these corporations
or any oilier corporations.'
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 5; as follows: _
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalow, Carlile,
Clark, Conne s, (Jowjin, Dixon, DooltUle, Foster, Harlan,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, N>e, JPowell, Uamsey, Richauhon, Sherman,
Spragup, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, IVilley,
Wilton, and Wright—30.
NAYd—Mes&rs. Farwell, Hale, Howard, Nesmith, and
Waclr—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Davis, Foot,
Grimes, Harding, Harris, Lane of Jndiana, McDougall,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, and Van
Winkle—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the foliowing amend-
ment us an additional section;
•find be it further enacted. That all laws and parts of laws
v/hich give additional pay or rank to officers of the regular
Army over officers in the volunteer service of the same
rank are hereby repealed.
Mr. "WILSON. I would like to have the Sen-
ator explain that amendment. 1 do not under-
stand the purport of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of it is to
break down the distinction between the ofheers
of the regular Army and the officers in the vol-
unteer service. 1 hope we may go even further
than this. I want the distinction between the offi-
cers in the volunteer service of the United States
and those in what is calied the regular Army
abolished; and this is one approach toward it.
There is a sort of feeling in the Army, which
I think has been very prejudicial to the public
service, arising out of these two organizations;
and I think if the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs will mature a bill that shall break
down all distinction between the regular forces,
eocailed, and the volunteer forces who have be-
come regular forces, that we shall accomplish a
greatobject. This is the beginning of it. I wish
now to start and destroy the distinction as to pay
or as to rank in consequence of a man's being in
the regular service. If a man is in the volunteer
service who has been a colonel just as long as one
in the regular service has been a colonel I want
them to rank together. I do not want a junior
regular officer to outrank a senior volunteer offi-
cer.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator one question: what distinction is there be-
tween officers of the regular and volunteer ser-
vice of the same rank now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The distinction is this:
that if there are two officers of the same rank the
regular officer takes command of the volunteer.
The distinction is again this: where a regular
Army officer is brevetted,and has a command
coriesponding to his brevet rank, he has the pay
of the rank to which he is brevetted; and where
a volunteer officer is brevetted and performs the
duties appertaining to the brevet rank, he does
not get the pay. I want to break down all such
distinctions.
Mr. ANTHONY. How does this amendment
woik? Does it take away the pay from the reg-
ular officer, or give it to the volunteer officer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Xtputa the regular officer
on the same footing with the volunteer, and it
takes the pay Horn the regular officer.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand that there
is any distinction now between the regular officer
and a volunteer officer in any respect whatever.
We passed an act the other day providing that
there should be none.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then there is no objec-
tion to this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to it ex-
cept that there is no distinction whatever between
them in regard to pay, rank, or emoluments.
Mr. WILKINSON. Tins will do no harm.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. HALE and Mr. WILKINSON called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOL11'TLE. I am in ignorance upon
this subject. I do not know wherein a regular
officer is paid any more than a volunteer officer
of the same rank.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stated that he is
in case of btevet rank.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. la that the duly case? I
will yield to any one who will give me informa-
tion on the subject.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin that there is a difference, by the con-
struction of the War Department. ^Vhere bre-
vets are given to officers in the regular Army they
carry with them pay; but they do not carry pay
when they are given to volunteer officers.
Mr. WILSON. We have abolished that dis-
tinction.
Mr. BROWN. We abolished it, I believe, by
passing a bill to that effect through the Senate;
but it has not passed the House of Representa-
tives, if I am correctly informed.
Mr. WILSON. It was provided for in the
report of the committee of conference which we
acted upon a day or two ago, and it is now set-
tled.
Mr. BROWN. I was not aware of that fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is the case, I ask the
Senator from Illinois what is the object of the
amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one case; but I
understand this also to be the construction at the
Department, that a regular officer commands a
volunteer Army officer of the same date of com-
mission, and I do not know but even when he is
of junior date; but according to my understand-
ing—and if I am misinformed I shall be glad to
be corrected—if there are two officers of the same
date of commission, one a volunteer officer and
one in the regular Army,the regular Army officer
takes command as a matter of course.
Mr. WILSON. And he ought to do so if he
has been in the service longer. Here is the law
and the rule laid down in the regulations:
" When commissions are of the same date, the rank is to
he decided between officers of the same regiment or corps
by the order of appointment; between officers of different
regiments or corps: first, by rank in actual service when
appointed; second, by former rank and service in the Army
or Marine corps thud, by lottery among such as have not
been in the military &ervice of iho United States, in case
of equality of rank by virtue of a brevet commission, refer-
ence is had to commissions not brevet."
If a man is appointed in the regular Army a
captain, and on the same day a man is appointed
a captain in the volunteers, and they happen to
meet, neither of them ever having served at all, it
is settled by lottery; but if the regular officer has
been in the service before in some other rank, of
course he outranks and takes command of the
volunteer officer. There is a perfect equality in
rank, pay, and emoluments between the officers
of the volunteers and the regular Army under the
bill that we passed the other day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The reason that induces
me to favor this amendment is this: it will place
these officers upon precisely the same footing
hereafter. Gentlemen say there is no difference
now. I understand this to be the case: you take
an officer from civil life and appoint him in the
regular Army; he has never seen service; and
you place him above the officers who are sent
from your States in the volunteer service, who
have raised companies and regiments and brought
them into the field, and rendered the country more
service than those who have received the mere ap-
pointment from the President.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that no officers are appointed
to the regular Army from civil life.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator no doubt
thinks that is so; but we confirmed the other day
a lieutenant in the regular Army, from the Pa-
cific coast, from civil life.
Mr. NESMITH. He was not taken from
civil life. He was in service in the volunteers at
the date of his appointment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. ] believe the law now
requires that men shall 1je appointed from the
service into the regular Army, but, sir, one half,
yes, two thirds, of the officers in the regular
Army, so called, to-day, come from civil life. I
know a great number of them myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my colleague will allow
me, I think I can read from the same book from
which the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs read, what will satisfy him. I will
read a single sentence:
" Officers serving by commission from any State in the
Union take rank next after officers of the like giade by
commission from tlie United States."
I should think that was pretty clear.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That was the very pur-
pose I had. It was to place our volunteet officers
on precisely the same footing as officers that were
appointed by the President of the United States.
1 desire to state another thing, that Senators
may have no misapprehension as to my position.
I state here distinctly that no army ought to he
confided to the command of any man who had
not received military education along wilh mili-
tary service. Men may be of equal ability, but
when you come to apply the education to the ser-
vice of the country, it is of vast importance; and
I have not been, and am not now, for placing the
volunteers any further than it is necessary to do
in the command of armies. I think it would be
far preferable, if we had the material, to make our
colonels ofregimentseven from the regular Army.
But, sir, there is no reason why you should take
a civilian and place him in the regular Army, and
give him advantages over the civilian who is
elected by his regiment and goes into the field
after he has performed service.
Mr. NESMITH. The regulations of the Army
provide that when officers of the same rank are
brought into contact, their commissions being of
the same date, some one must be selected to com-
mand. That establishes the lule. The officer who
has seen the longest service, without reference to
their present position, supersedes and takes com-
mand of the officer who has been most recently
appointed. That distinction is established be-
tween the regulars and the volunteers; or, in the
language of the articled the regulations which
the Senator from Illinois has read, where an offi-
cer of the United States Government, commis-
sioned by the United States Government, and an
officer of a State government come together, the
officer of the United States shall take the com-
mand, on the supposition that he has been longer
in the service. It is a general rule which applies
to everybody. I suppose practically it has not
been resorted to perhaps half a dozen times dur-
ing the present war. Not a single instance oc-
curs to me now where an officer of the regular
Army and of the volunteer force of the same date
of commission have been brought in contact, and
where a conflict of jurisdiction or as to the right
to command has arisen. I think, as a matter of
expediency, where two officers are brought to-
gether with the same date of commission, the
presumption of capacity and ability is in favor of
the officer who has been the longest in the ser-
vice. I do not think the question ought to be med-
dled with or any change made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire slightly to mod-
ifythe amendment which I offered, byadding the
words " or regulations of the War Department."
The amendment provides that all laws orpartsof
laws giving precedence to regular Army officers
over those in the volunteer service shall be re-
pealed. I wish to modify it by adding, "or regu-
lations of the War Department," so that it will
read:
*?n d be it further enactcd, That all laws and parts of law*,
or regulations ot' the War Department, which give addi-
tional pay or rank to officers ofllie regular Army over offi-
cers in the volunteer service of the same rank, are hereby
repealed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think this is too impnitant
a measure to be discussed or be decided with bo
limited a number of Senators present; and there-
fore I move-that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr, SHERMAN. Upon that I wish to say it
is so important a proposition that the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs tells us it is
now the law; and there is no difference between
the two gentlemen except that one insists there
is a military regulation that in a certain case may
possibly give a preference to a regular officer. I
do not think we arc required to delay action on
this important bill by the pending amendment. I
hope, therefore, the Senator from Ilhodc Island
will withdraw his motion, and let us take a vote
and pass the bill. I do not wish to stand in the
way of other Senators on Monday.
Mr, SPRAGUE. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn; and the question returns
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. CONNESS. I am at a loss, and ask the
Senator from Illinois to enlighten me, in regard
to the amendment. Suppose there shall be a vol-
unteer officer and an officer holding lank in the
regular Army, of equal grade and equal time of
commission, and they shall uppear in a gives
