im.
THE CONGKESSION AL GLOBEi
any such duties upon officers wiio can be made to
obey tbem. The parties will never be reached.
Many of the men engaged in the business of
brokers are as high-minded and as honorable as
any to be found in our whole country. We all
remember the distinguished gentleman fromNew
York, a member of this House at the last session
of Congress. 1 do not suppose it to be the inten-
tion of the gentleman from, Pennsylvania to
reach such parties, and yet I do not see how they
can escape.
Mr. Speaker, I am gratified that the House has
with so much unanimity agreed upon a bill which
I think will be efficient and capable of sustaining
the Treasury in this its greatest hour of need, f
trust that we shall have nearly if not quite a unan-
imous vote for this increased taxation. 1 believe
that this is a step in the right direction to reduce
the price of coin; and when we have adopted the
true remedy I hope we shall not pursue any that
is false.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent now
to modify my amendment before the vote betaken
on it.
Mr. BROOKS. I object. Let us take the whole
medicine at once.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to modify it.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. KERN AN. 1 concur in that, if we can
get a separate vote also on section eleven.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] will not put me to the
necessity of moving to reconsider. If he does, I
will make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The ordering of the main
question cannot be reconsidered at this time, it
having been partly executed. The rule is that it
is not in order to move a reconsideration of the
vote ordering the main question when it is partly
executed. This has been partly executed; and it
is therefore not in order to move its reconsidera-
tion^ number of amendments having been passed
upon under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will have my amendment
modified in the Senate if it pass the House.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on which
separate votes had been demanded, as follows:
Sixth amendment:
Strike out the following'paragraph :
That section sixty-four be amended by striking out " one
dollar," wherever it occurs, and inserting in heu thereof
the words "one dollar and fifty cents."
The section to which the paragraph refers is as
follows:
Sec. 64. And be it further cnacted, That there shall be
paid on ail beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and other similar
fermented liquors, by whatever name such liquors may be
culled, a duty of one dollar for each and every barrel con-
taining not more than thirty-one gallons, and at a like rate
for any other quantity, or for fractional parts of a ban el,
which shall be brewed or manufactured and sold, or le-
moved for consumption or sale, within the United States
or the Territories thereof, or within the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. MORRILL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 68, not voting 42;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Blow, Brooks, James
S. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coflfroth, Cox,Ciavens, Dawson,
Denison, Duinont, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English,
Finck, Ganson, Grlder, Griswold, Charles M. Ilanis, Hei-
rick, Hutchins, William Johnson, Kalbfletech, Kassun,
Kelley, Kernan, King, Knapp, Lazear, LcBlond, Long,
Malloiy, Marcy, McAllister, Samuel F. Miller, William H.
Miller, James it. Morris, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Noble,
ChailesO'Neill, John O'Neil), Pendleton, Piuyn, Radford,
James S. ItoUins, lioss, Spaldmg, Starr, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stuart, Towrisend, Wadsworth, Ward,
Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. White. Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Baily, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee,
Broomall, William G. Blown, Ambrose W.Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Thomas T. Davis, Deimnff,
Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gooch,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Julian, Francis W. Kellogor, Orlando Kellogg,
Liulejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McCJurg, Moorhead.
Morrill, Daniel Morn?, Amos Myers, Norton, Odelt, Patter-
son, Perham, Pike, Pomoroy, William II. Randall, Alexan-
der fi. Rice, John 11. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck,
Scofiold, Shannon, Smith, Snutbers, Steven*, Thayer,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Vaikenhurgh, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Woodbridge, and
Worthington—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Alley,Blair)
Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Frank, Grinnell,
Ilaie, Ball, Uaiding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Hig-
by, Holmun, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Knox,
Law, McBnde, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKmney, Middle-
ton, Nelson, Orth; Perry, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Robin-
son, Rogers, Scott, Sloan, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Voorhees,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Wmdom, and Benjamin
Wood—4%
So the amendment was adopted and the para-
graph was struck out.
Pending the roll-call,
Mr. COBB stated that his colleague, Mr. Mc-
Indoe, was absent on account of sickness, and
his colleague, Mr. Sloan, absent on account of
sickness in his family.
' Mr. ALLISON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Grinnell, was absent on account of illness.
Mr. BAXTER stated that Mr. Orth was ab-
sent on account of illness.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
In paragraph forty-nine, insert after the word "manu-
factuier" the words "and no other;" so that it will read:
49. Miners shall pay for each and every license the sum
of ten dollars. Every person, firm, or company, who shall
employ others In the business of mining for coal, or tor
gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other min-
erals, not having taken out a license as a manufacturer,
and no other, shall be regarded as a miner under this act.
Th6 amendment was rejected.
Nil)th amendment:
tn®'paragraph fifty-one, after the word "license" insert
th« words "and, in addition thereto ten dollars for every
substitute piocured by them and actually mustered into the
servico of the United States;" so that it will read:
51. Substitute brokers shall pay $100 for each and every
license, and in addition thereto ten dollais for every sub-
stitute procured by them anil actually mustered into the
service of the United States. Every person who shall fur-
nish, or offer to furnish, for pay, fee, or reward, volunteers,
representative recruits, or substitutes for men dtaftcd, or
liable to be drafted, for the militaiyor naval service of the
United States, shall be deemed a substitute broker under
this act.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SHANNON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the eighth amendment, on page 11,
to insert the words " and no other"in relation to
the tax or license upon miners, was inadvertently
non-concurrcd in. The House evidently did not
understand theamendment.
Mr. MORRILL. It makes no difference. It
only makes the language awkward, without add-
ing to its sense.
Mr. SHANNON. It does make a great deal of
difference with some assessors and collectors. It
does not change the provision at all; it simply
makes the law explicit and plain, so that every
man can understand it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The amendment was then concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Clerk, informed the House that the Senate had
passed a concurrent resolution against any recog-
nition of the rebel debt or loan under any circum-
stances; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House, House bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 676) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1866;and
An act (H.R. No. 583) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled " An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes," approved July
IT,1862.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Thirty-second amendment:
Strike out the following:
And not mixed with leaf or leaf and stems, and on fine-
cut, and shorts, and scraps of tobacco, the refu.se of cigars
manufactured, and also on all sciaps or refuse of plug man-
ufactured, when sold for smoking tobacco, or for con-
sumption, or otherwise.
So that the paragraph, if amended, will read:
On smoking tobacco made exclusively of stems, fifteen
cents per pound.
Mr. M ALLORY called the yeas and nays upon
concurring in the amendment*
Mr. WADSWORTH. I waftt the provision
reported by the Committee of'Ways and
adhered to. , . ;
Mr. MORRILL. The other part of this pro-
vision was amended in Committee of the Whale,
and the amendment has been corfcurrfcd in.
The yeas and nays were ordered/
The question was taken; and it was decided irt
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 66, not voting'43;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Rally,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boutweii, Boyd,
Brandegee, Broomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.
Clark, Fretnnan Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Dayi ,
Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Eliot, Farnswortli,Gai:6eld,Gooch,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, J.ohn ll.JIubbard, tluibuid,
Jngersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear,-
Maivin, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,,Morrill,:
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Norton, Cbarlfs .Q'NeiH,
Patterson, Perham. Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander-H. Jtice,
John II. Itice, Euward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofteld,
Shannon, Smithers, Spalding,,Stair, Stevens, Thayer, Up-
son, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Worthington—74. ^
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Clmnler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison?
Dumont, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Engh&h, Finck, Ganson
Grider, Grinnell,Grlswold, Harding, Harrington, Charles M.
Harris, Herrick, Hutching William Johnson, Kalbfleisch,
Kernan, King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blpnd, Long, Mallory,
Marcy, McAllister, William H. Miller, Morrison, Leonard
Myeis, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill,, Pendleton, Pruyn^ Rad-,
foid, William II. Randall, James S. Rollins, Ross, Sjnitb,
JolmB. Steele, WilliamG. Steele, Stuaii, .Sweat,Thomas,..
Townsend, Wadsworth, Ward, whaley, Wheeler, Joseph
W. White, Winfield, and Yeaman—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Blaine,
Blatr, Cre&well, Ilenry Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly,
Eckley, Frank, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Higby, Hoi-
man, Ilotchkiss, Philip Johnson, Law, Mc Bride, McDowell,
Mclndoe, McKinney, Middleton, James It. Morris, Nelson,
OitU, Peiry, Price,'Samuel J. Randall, Itobin&on, Rogers,
Scott, Sloan, Stiles, Strouse, Tiacy, voorhees, Webster,
Chilton A. White, Windom, Benjamin Wood, and IV-
naudo Wood—42.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GOOCH said that Mr. Aiaey had been
detained from the House to-day in consequence
of an injury received yesterday while on his way
to the Capitol.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Strike out the words "sugar and," and insert the words*
" and eider vinegar, sugar or;" so that the paragraph will
read:
That section ninety-six be amended by inserting, after
the words " eoucenuated milk," the words "cider and
cider vinegar, sugar or molasses."
Seetion ninety-six contains a list of articles
exempt from taxation.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Strike out the following:
That section one hundred and three he amended by In-
serting, alter the words " loreign port," the words "and the
amount actually paid for canal tolls by any person or com-
pany owning or possessing or having the care or manage-
ment of any canal-boat or o'ther vessel shall be deducted
from their gross icceipts,"and by inserting, after the word
" faie," wheiever it occurs in the proviso to said section,
the words or freight."
And insert in lieu thereof the following;
That section one hundred and three be amended by strik-
ing out the words " two and ahalf percent, uponthegross
receipts," and inserting " two arid a half per cent, upon
the net receipts under $3,000, and five per cent, upon the
excess."
That portion of section one hundred and three
proposed to be amended is as follows:
Sec 103. And be it further enacted, That every person,
film, company, or corporation owning or possessing, or hav-
ing the care or management of, any railroad, canal, steam-
boat, ship, barge, canal- boat, < <• other vessel, or any stage-
coach or other vehicle engaged or employed in the business
of transporting passengers or property for hire, or m trans-
porting the mails of the United State?, or any canal, the
water of which is used for minim* purposes, shall be sub-
ject to and pay a duty of two and one half per cent, upon
the gross receipts ot such rallioad, canal, s-toamboat, ship,
barge, canal-boat or other vessel, or such stage-coach or
other vehicle.
Mr. MORRILL called the yeas and nays upon
concurring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 58, not voting 40;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashley, Angus-tu^ C. Baldwin, Blaine, Bhs;s  Blow,
Bt.iudegee, Brooks, James S. Biown, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cof-
fiutii, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison."Dixon, Burnout,
Eden, Edgerton. Eldridge, Eliot, Eftgtisff, Finck,Gaciaon,
