1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S9
raised the question as to the constitutional power
of Congress to propose, and three fourths of the
Legislatures of the States to adopt, an amendment
of the character of the one now under considera-
tion. He claimed that, though Congress passed the
proposed amendment by the requisite two thirds,
and three fourths of the Legislatures of the several
States adopted it, or, indeed, all the States save
one, it would not legally become a part of the
national Constitution. These are his words:
" But neither three fourths of the States, nor all the States
save one, can abolUh slavery in that dissenting State, be-
cause it lies within the domain reserved entirely to each
State for itself, and upon it the other States cannot enter."
Ta this position defensible ? If I read the Con-
stitution aright and understand the force of lan-
guage, the section which I have just quoted is to-
day free from all limitations and conditions save
two, one of which provides that the suffrage of
the several States in the Senate shall be equal, and
that no State shall lose this equality by any
amendment of the Constitution without its con-
sent; the other relates to taxation. These are
the only conditions and limitations.
In my judgment, Congress may propose, and
three fourths of the States may adopt, any amend-
ment, republican in its character and consistent
with the continued existence of the nation, save
in the two particulars just named.
If they cannot,then is the clause of the Consti-
tution just quoted a dead letter; the States sover-
eign, the Government a confederation, and the
United States not a nation.
The extent to which this question of State
rights and State sovereignty has aided tUjfr- terri-
ble rebellion and manacled and weakened the
arm of the national Government can hardly be
estimated. Certainly doctrines so at war with
the fundamental principles of the Constitution
could not be accepted and acted upon by any con-
siderable number of our citizens without eventu-
ally culminating in rebellion and civil war.
This fatal heresy doubtless carried many men
of character and culture into the rebellion who
were sincerely attached to the Union. If we may
credit the recently published private letters of
General Lee, written in the spring of 1861, to his
sisterand friends, and never intended for publica-
tion, he was induced to unite his fortunes with
the insurgents by the so-called secession of Vir-
ginia, under the belief that his first and highest al-
legiance was due to his State. Sir, I know how
hard it is for loyal men to credit this. To think-
ing men nothing seems more absurd than the
political heresy called States rights in the sense
which makes each State sovereign and the na-
tional Government the mere agent and creature of
the States. Why, sir, the unity of the people of
the United States antedates the Revolution. The
original thirteen colonies were never m fact disu-
nited. The man who had the right of citizenship
in Virginia had the same right in New Yoik. As
one people they declared their independence, and
as one people, after a seven years' war, conquered
it. But the unity and citizenship of the people ex-
isted before the Revolution, and before the national
Constitution. In fact this unity gave birth to the
Constitution. Without this unity and preexist-
ing nationality—if I may so express myself—the
Constitution would never have been formed. The
men who carried us through the revolutionary
struggle never intended, when establishing this
Government, to destroy that unity or lose their
national citizenship. Least of all did they intend
that we should become aliens to each other, and
citizens of petty, independent, sovereign States.
In order to make fruitful the blessings which they
had promised themselves from independence,and
to secure the unity and national citizenship for
which they periled life, fortune, and honor, they
made the national Constitution. They had tued
a confederation. It did not secure them such a
Union as they had fought for, and they determ-
ined to " form a more perfect Union." For this
purpose they met m national convention, and
formed a national Constitution. They then sub-
mitted it to the electors of the States for their
adoption or rejection. They did not submit it to
the States as States, nor to the governments of the
several States, but to the citizens of the United
States residing in ail the States. This was the
only way in which they could have submitted it
and been consistent with the declaration made in
the preamble, which says that" we, the people of
the United States, in order to form amore perfect
Union, &c., do ordain .and establish this Consti-
tution." The whole people were represented in
this convention. Through their representatives
they pledged each other that whenever the people
of nine States should ratify a,nd approve the Con-
stitution submitted to them, it should be the Con-
stitution of the nation.
In the light of these facts, to claim that our
Government is a confederation and the States sov-
ereign seems an absurdity too transparent for
serious argument. Not only is the letter of the
Constitution against such a doctrine, but history
also. Since the adoption of the national Con-
stitution twenty-two States have been admitted into
the Union and clothed with part of the national
sovereignty. The territory out of which twenty-
one of these States were formed was the common
territory of the nation. It had been acquired by
cession,conquest,or purchase. The sovereignty
of the national Government over it was undis-
puted. The people who settled upon it were cit-
izens of the United States. These twenty-one
States were organized by the concurrent action
of the citizens of the United States and the na-
tional Government. Without the consent of Con-
gressthey would haveremainedTerritories. What
an absuidity, to claim that the citizens of the New
England States, or of all the States, «r of any sec-
tion of the Union may settle upon the territory
of the United States, form State governments,
with barely inhabitants enough to secure one Rep-
resentative in this Houseunder the apportionment,
secure admission as a State, and then assume to
be sovereign and master of the national Gov-
ernment, with power to secede and unite with
another and hostile Government at pleasure, and to
treat all citizens of the United Stales as alien ene-
mies who do not think it their duty to unite with
them. This is the doctrine which deluded many
men into this rebellion, and which seems to de-
lude some men here with the idea that the national
Constitution cannot be amended so as to abolish
slavery, even if ail the States in the Union de-
manded it save Delaware. Under this theory of
State sovereignty, States like Florida and Arkan-
sas, erected on the national domain, may, as soon
as they secure admission into the Union, sccede
and embezzle all the property of the nation, in-
cluding the public lands and forts and arsenals,
declare all citizens of the United States who do
not unite with them alien enemies, confiscate
their property, rob them of their liberty, by im-
pressing them into their army to fight against then-
own country and Government,and, it they refuse,
to punish them by imprisonment and death. Af-
ter doing this, if the authority to commit such
wholesale robbery, impressments, and murders is
denied them by the national Government they
set up the claim that they are sovereign and in-
dependent, and are only defending their homes,
their firesides and household gods, and we have
men all over the North who to-day defend this
monstrous assumption and villainy.
Mr. Speaker, I presume no man, not even my
colleague, will deny that when the thirteen col-
onies or States assembled by their repiesenta-
tives in convention to make the present national
Constitution they might have abolished slavery
at once. t)r, if the theory of the old parties is true,
that a republican Government may authorize or
permit the enslavement of men, which 1 deny,
they could have provided for the emancipation of
all slaves in twenty or fifty years, if they had
seen fit; and if the people of nine States had voted
to ratify such a constitution slavery <tould not,
after the peiiod named, have existed by State law
and in defiance of the national Constitution, either
in one of the old thirteen States or m any one of
the Statesadmitted into the Union since us adop-
tion. If it was competent for the men who made
the national Constitution to prohibit slavery at
that time, or to provide for its future prohibition,
why is it not just as competent for us now? The
framers ofithe Constitution providedfoi its amend-
ment in the section which i have already quoted.
This was a wise provision. They provided that
when an amendment was proposed and adopted
in the manner and form prescribed it should be-
come a part of the national Constitution, and bo
as valid and binding as though originally a part
of that instrument.
Had the framers of the Constitution desired die
protection and continuance of slavery they could
easily have provided against an amendment of
the character of the one now before us by guard-
ing this interest as they did the right of the States
to an equal representation in the Senate. They
did not do it, because, as the history of the con-
vention abundantly proves, the great majority of
the framers of the Constitution desired the speedy
abolition of slavery, and 1 contend that, so far
from the Constitution prohibiting such an amend-
ment, it has expressly provided for it.
Mr. Speaker, there is not a single section or
clause in the national Constitution which clothes,
the political organizations which we call States*
with any of the attributes of a sovereign Power,
but, on the other hand, prohibits in positive and
"unmistakable language any State from doing any
act which a sovereign might do without the con-
sent of Congress.
The supreme power of the national Government
is rigorously maintained throughout the Consti-
tution, and it is most emphatically ordained in
article six, clause two, of the Constitution,as fol-
lows:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
winch shall be m pursuance thereof; and all treaties
made, or winch fhal) be made, under the authority of the
United States, shall he the supreme law of the land; and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby,anything
in ihe constitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding."
Section eight, article one, enumerates seventeen
distinct sovereign powers of a national character
conferred on Congress by the Constitution, and,
as if to leave no doubt on the minds of any, this
extraordinary enumeration of powers is followed
by this sweeping and significant provision*
" To make all huvs which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and fill
other powers vested by tins Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department or officer
theieol'."
If I understand this provision correctly, it means
that the framers of the Constitution intended that
the national Government should be intrusted with
the interpretation of the Constitution, not only
as to the construction of the powers delegated by
it to Congress, but to all departments of the na-
tional Government. They never intended that
any State, or any number of States, nor the offi-
cials of State governments, should be competent
in any capacity to judge of the infractions of the
national Constitution by any department of the
national Government, nor of the propriety ofany
law passed by Congress. Any citizen has the
undoubted right to express his opinions, and criti-
cise the action of the General Government or of
any department thereof; but neither is a State
nor are the officials of a State clothed with any
authority to decide as to the constitutionality of
any law passed by Congress, nor as to the pro-
priety of any act done by any department of the
national Government,
It is past comprehension how any man with the
Constitution before him, and the history of the
convention which formed that Constitution within
his reach, together with the repeated decisions of
the Supreme Court against the assumption of the
State rights pretensions, can be found at this late
day defending the. State sovereignty dogmas, and
claiming that the national constitution cannot be
so amended as to prohibit slavery, even though
all the States of the Union save one give it their
approval.
That provision of the national Constitution
which imposes upon Congress the duty of guar-
antying to the several States of the Union a re-
publican form of government is one which im-
presses me as forcibly as any other with the idea
of the utter indcfcnsibilty of the State sovereignty
dogmas, and of the supreme power intended by
the fiamers of the Constitution to be lodged in the
national Government.
in this conncction we ought not to overlook
that provision of the Constitution which secures
nationality ofcitizenship. The Constitution guar-
anties that the citizens of each State shall enjoy
all the rights and pnvilc^esof citizens of the sev-
eral Slates, it is a universal franchise which
cannot be confined to States, bat belongs to the
citizens of the Republic. We are fighting to main-
tain this national franchise and pievent its passing
under the control of a foieign Power, where this
great puvliege would be denied us or so changed
as to destroy its vaiue. The nationality of oui
citizenshi p makes our Ai my a unit, although from
