1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
141
ance, or confederation," and makes war upon
the national Government, commits the crime of
treason, and it is competent for Congress to inflict
any penalty it may deem expedient. I want the
national Government to inflict punishment so
terrible upon the authors of this rebellion that in
all coming time there shall be no such rebellion
again. I want no precedent established which
shall pave the way for a minority of the States
and a minority of the people to destroy this Gov-
ernment. I want the precedent established that
the States and people remaining loyal to the Gov-
ernment, as distinguished'from those who rebel
against it, shall be clothed with the sovereignty
of the Government. In this way only can we
come out of this contest safely and u obtain
indemnity for the past and security for the fu-
ture."
But I have already detained the House much
longer and said more on this point than I intended.
I discussed this question at greater length at the
last session, and experience has only confirmed
me in the views then expressed. Gentlemen who
have made speeches in this House, and editors
who have charged me, and those agreeing with me
on this question, with being practical disunion-
ists and with recognizing the doctrines of seces-
sion, because holding that the lawful governments
in the rebel States were destroyed by their acts of
treason aud rebellion, will not care probably after
our experience to repeat such speeches and opin-
ions, nor to have them republished to enlighten
their readers or their constituents.
There is another consideration which ought not
to be overlooked when weighing the practicability
and expediency of this measure, and that is its
financial aspect. Doubtless manygentlemen think
this question has less connection with our finances
and the credit of the country than any other be-
fore us. Not so. In my opinion, and I know I
but utter the opinion of many practical business
men, the passage of this amendment will give the
Government a credit, both at home and abroad,
which no victory of our arms, important and in-
valuable as many of them have keen, has yet
given us. Its passage will be a guarantee for
peace, unity, stability, prosperity, power. It will
be a pledge that the labor of the country shall
hereafter be unfettered and free, and 1 need not say
that under the inspiration of free labor the produc-
tions ofthe country will be tripled and quadrupled.
It will be a pledge to the industrious German, and
to all the free laboring men of Europe who are
seeking homes among us, that they shall no longer
be excluded, as they have been practically, from
a country whose climate is softer and fertility
greater than any on the continent.
I need not detain the House with an array of
facts and figures to demonstrate the great advan-
tage of free over slave labor. All thinking men
have examined and comprehend the priceless
value of free labor. Pass this amendment, and
the free-laboring men of the North and of Europe
will flock to the South, so that, in from three to
five years, there will be four or five producing
men in the rebel States where there was one be-
fore the rebellion; add to this vast number the
four million emancipated slaves, and you have a
free-labor force which, under the security thus
given to capital and the inspiration thus given to
labor, will make the land to blossom like the rose, I
and by their energy, enterprise, and power the
free laboring men of the South will obliteiate in
a few years all trace of this terrible and desolating
war, and make it a country which for prosperity
and wealth shall acknowledge no superior, and a
Government which for stability shall have no
equal.
Suppose your Secretary of the Treasury goes
into the market to-morrow to borrow$500,000,000,
payable in thirty or forty years, what will be the
first question asked by the capitalist? Will it be
as to the rate of interest you are willing to give,
or will it be rather as to your ability to pay the 1
principal? I take it that that would be his first 1
inquiry. He would ask you, What will be the 1
condition of your country and Government thirty
or forty years hence ?" If you could answer him, j
as you might truthfully answer him, were this
amendmentadopted," Sir, in thirty or forty years j
we shall not be indebted at home or abroad a single i
dollar, and will be the most powerful and popu- ;
lous, the most enterprising and wealthy nation in ;
the world;" if you could tell him this, aud add, i
as you may, that in thirty or forty years we will
show the world a Government whose sovereignty
on the North American continent will not be
questioned from ocean to ocean, and from the
Isthmus of Panama to the ice-bound regions of
the North; and tell him, also, that our system of
free labor, guarantied by the national Constitu-
tion to all generations of men, with free schools
and colleges and a free press, with churches no
longer fettered with the manacles of the slave-
master, with manufactures and commerce ex-
ceeding in vastness anything which had ever been
known, and a nation of men unrivaled in culture,
enterprise, and wealth, and more devotedly at-
tached to their country than the people of any
other nation, becausc ofthe constitutional guaran-
tee of the Government to protect therightsof all,
and secure the liberty and equality of its people;
if you could tell him this, and that such a race of
free men would make the South and the entire
nation what New England is to-day, your Secre-
tary could have all the money he wanted, and on
his own terms.
Mr. Speaker, what say the soldiers of the
Union Army to the proposition before us? Shall
not their voices be heard and their wishes be re-
spected by their Representatives in the American
Congress? Sir, there are no men in the Repub-
lic to whose wishes and judgment 1 would more
willingly defer on this question than to the brave
men who are periling lite and ali for country; to
the men who nave vanquished the enemy where
ever they have met him, saved the nation, and
by their heroism on the battle-field and their
fidelity to principle at the ballot-box, made the
passage of this amendment possible. Almost
every letter I receive from tho brave men who
are in the Army from my district contains the
anxious inquiry, a What of the constitutional
amendment; will it pass ?" And I doubt notthat
the same question has been asked by constituents
at home and soldiers in the field of four fifths of
the Representatives upon this floor. What shall
be our official answer? Shall the glad news go
forth to cheer alike the soldier and the citizen and
the friends of this Government everywhere, that
the expressly declared will of the people is to be
respected and enacted into law; that on this great
question there are no longer party divisions, but
that practically the Representatives ofthe people
are as united as they in demanding the passage
of this constitutional amendment? If this shall
be our answer, a shout will go up from our brave
men in front of Richmond, at Savannah, and all
along the Union lines and throughout the entire
country, such as never before arose fiom the
hearts and lips of men on the passage of any act
by the American Congress.
Mr. Speaker, the year which has just closed
has been a year of anxiety and also a year of joy.
The ordeal through which as a nation we have
passed has been a terrible one. I speak of the
ordeal on the battle-field and at the ballot-box.
We have presented to the world a sublime spec-
tacle. We have tested our strength and know
the constancy and courage of our men. Such
disinterestedness, such heroism, and devotion to
country, the world has never witnessed. Conse-
crated by u dispensation of fire and blood, the
childien of the Republic have grown to the full
stature of manhood. Standing here in the na-
tion's Council Halls, in the beginning of a new
year, on the threshold of a new era, and in the
presence of such events, let us comprehend the
duty of true statesmen, and while legislating for
the present, legislate also for the geneiations of
men which are to succeed us. The eyes of the
wise and good in all civilized nations are upon us.
The men who embrace and defend the democratic
idea in Europe aie patiently and anxiously wait-
ing to have us authontatively proclaim to the
world that liberty is the sign in which we con-
quer; that henceforth fieedom is to be the ani-
mating principle of our Government and the "life
of our Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, while the Union soldier fights to
vanquish the enemies ofthe Government, the duty
of the true statesman is to provide that the enemy
once vanquished shall never again be pewnitted for
tiie same cause to reorganize and make war upon
the nation. Pass this pint resolution submitting
to the people for their ratification or rejection this
proposed amendment to the national Constitution, I
and I am sure the nation will adopt it with shouts !
ofacclamation,and when once adopted, you know,
sir, and I know, and the enemies of this Govern-
ment know, that we shall have peace, and that no
such rebellion will ever be possible again. Pass
thisamendmentand the gloomy shadow of slavery
will never again darken the fair fame of our coun-
try or tarnish the glory of democratic institutions
in the land of Washington. Pass this amendment
and the brightest page in the history of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, now so soon to close, will be the
one on which is recorded the names of the requisite
number of members voting in its favor. Refuse
to pass it, and the saddesl page in the history of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress will be the one on
which is recorded its defeat. Sir, I feel as if ho
member of this House will ever live to witness an
hour more memorable in our history than the one
in which each for himself shall make a record on
the question now before us. I implore gentlemen
to forget party and remember that we are making
a record, not only for ourselves individually,
but for the nation and the cause of free govern-
ment throughout the worJcl. While members of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress we cannotchange the
record which each must now make, and those who
do not return to the next Congress can never re-
verse their votes of to-day, but must forever stand
recorded, if voting against this amendment, among
those voting to justify the rebellion and perpetu-
ate its cause.
The genius of history with iron pen is waiting
to record our verdict where it will remain forever
for all the coming generations of men to approve
or condemn. God grant that the verdict may be
one over which the friends of liberty, impartial
and universal in this country and Europe and in
every land beneath the sun, may rejoice; a ver-
dict which shall declare that America is free; a
verdict which shall add another day of jubilee,
and the brightest of all, to our national calendar.
If this verdict is not given by the present Con-
gress, I know, and you all know, it will be given
by the next Congress; and that, too, with alac-
rity. The decrce has gone forth; the people have
pronounced it; and now is the golden hour in
which we may all unite, if we will, and inaugu-
rate a new era in our history. Let no man put
forth his puny hand to stay the certain approach
of the hour m which this act shall pass, or of the
grand jubilee which shall follow its enactment
into law. Let no member of this House attempt
to postpone this great measure with the hope of
being able to circumvent, by some petty scheme
of compromise, the plainly written decree of Om-
nipotence. Let no loyal man, in such anhouras
this, record his vote against this just proposition,
and thus vote to prolong the rebellion and perpet-
uate the despotism of American slavery in this
Republic.
Mr.ORTH. Mr. Speaker, we are still grappling
with treason and rebellion. Four years of war,
desolating, destructive war, with all its attendant
sacrifice of life, health, and treasure, have not yet
sufficed to assure to us a permanent peace and an
undivided nationality. That sublime spectacle,
the simultaneous uprising of twenty millions of
our people in behalf of duly constituted order and
government, which was witnessed by the world
after the affair at Port Sumter, was an evidence
of our love of civil liberty, of our veneration for
the labors and services of the fathers of the Re-
public, and of our determination to protect and
preserve republican institutions. Howfew, alas !
if any, among us, could then penetrate the future
and see the magnitude of the struggle in which
we were about being involved; how few, indeed,
before that time really comprehended or appreci-
ated the blessings of free government, and the
sacrifices we would, if necessary, make for its
preservation.
This protracted struggle has brought us its les-
sons of experience, and if we are wise we will
accept them, and profit by them, dearly bought
as we know them to be. But if we emerge fiom
this terrible conflict, as I firmly believe we shall,
a bettei people, with our Government thoroughly
tested and purified, with our resources only moie
fully developed instead of exhausted, with a
putor and better republicanism,and with the true
spirit of libei ty pervading our people and our in-
stitutions, these glorious lesults will be Worth ad
and more than their cost.
With a population devoted to the arts of peace,
with an empty Treasury, without an Army or a
