142
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Navy worthy the name, we accepted the dread al-
ternative of war, and for fotfr years, with sublime,
heroic devotion, our young men have marched to
battle and to death, sustained by the loyal men
and women at home, with an energy that never
flagged, and a firm resolve that never hesitated.
Defeat and disaster from time to time seemed but
to swell the nation's heart, and nerve the nation's
arm to deeds of nobler daring. Great losses called
for greater sacrifices, and the call was met with a
cheerful response, until defeat and disaster are
now beginning to turn to decisive victory.
In the midst of this struggle, when all our
thoughts were turned upon the conflict, and every
energy taxed to support the Government in its
vast endeavor to save the nation's life, the time
fixed by law for the selection of a President and
other officers of the Government, State and na-
tional, arrived and demanded the people's atten-
tion.
This was regarded by the wisest among us as
the most critical period in our history. The
question was frequently asked and freely can-
vassed, can our Government, which had demon-
strated its power in times of peace and of foreign
war, withstand the shock of an exciting popular
election in the midst of civil war and lebellion?
The, duty could not be evaded. The contest
came, and the friends of the Government had to
meet at the bar of public opinion their political
opponents, many of whom sympathized openly
with the enemy, while others criticised and con-
demned almost every act of the Administration.
Calmly, quietly, deliberately, as became a great
people engaged in the solution of momentous
problems, the American voters exercised then-
right of suffrage, and thus exhibited to the world
a spectacle of unsurpassed grandeur, without a
parallel in history, and beyond the power of
achievement by any nation on the face of the
globe. With majorities unprecedented, they de-
clared to the world, on the 8th day of November,
1864, that we are a nation, and are willing and
able to defend our nationality. Here is a recoid
by which the traitor may learn his doom; a record
from which thesympathizercan derive no comfort;
a record to confirm the doubtful, to fix the waver-
ing, and cheer the patriot;and a record which will
afl'oid profitable reading to the intermeddling na-
tions of Europe. In the bioad sunlight of that
glorious record let us read our duty and our des-
tiny. At whatever cost, at whatever sacrifice,
under every imaginable state of circumstances,
whether its consummation be near at hand or afar
off, we must subdue the rebellion. We owe this
to ourselves, to the institutions committed to our
care, to those who shall hereafter occupy the land
we now occupy, to the memory of our revolu-
tionary ancestors, to the sacred cause of religion
and religious liberty, to the civilized world, and
to the devotee of freedom in whatever clime or
country he may be found.
This war is not of our seeking; its cause, if it
be not utterly causeless, is not chargeable to us.
We have at all times exhibited a ready acquies-
cence in the requirements of our national bond.
We invaded no rights, we withheld no remedy;
but time and again, and again, at the sacrifice of
self-respect and of manhood, we have yielded to
the behests of the slave power. It was not until
treason had reared its armed crest; not until trea-
son had insulted our emblem of nationality; not
until treason boldly attacked our national exist-
ence, that we took up arms in self-defense; and,
having taken up those arms, let them not be
grounded until traitors shall submitto constituted
authority, and be thoroughly subjugated and
properly punished. We entered upon this na-
tional defense totally unprepared in ovcry de-
partment of the Government, so thoroughly had
treason diffused itself and almost completed our
destruction before the administration of public
affairs passed from traitots and imbeciles into the
hands of honest and loyal men. But among the
people there was that patriotism, that devotion to
liberty, which supplied every deficiency, which
freely poured its wealth into the national coffers,
built a navy that commands the respect of the
world, and organized an army whose prowess
will subdue the rebellion, and whose heavy tramp
shall yet shake the civilized earth. Four years
of exhaustive war upon a scale of grandeur un-
known in modern or ancient times, with all us
burdens, instead of enervating or unnerving our
people, has but served to demonstrate our strength,
our resources in men and money, and ( what is
far better) our exhaustless patriotism, and proved
to the world our complete ability to sustain the
Government, to suppress the rebellion, to gather
upland reconstruct its shattered portions, to re-
move the cause of all these troubles, and to settle
with other nations whatever accounts may re-
quire adjustment.
The people fully understand and appreciate the
position of public affairs; they are not silent or
disinterested spectators of the hurried scenes that
crowd the hour, and are fully equal to every
emergency as it arises. Let no man distrust their
honesty, their intelligence, or their patriotism.
They are daily and hourly,and with alacrity, per-
forming every duty which the national peril im-
poses, and they are expecting of us, as their Rep-
resentatives, a like performance of our duty.
Liberated as the public legislator now is of mere
party harness and party machinery, let him strip
off these unworthy garbs, gird on the mantle of
public duty, and see that every manly effort is put
forth to carry out the unmistakable voice of our
people. To effect the complete restoration of law
and order, that being the primal object of the war
on our part, we should not hesitate to strike blows
wherever they shall be most effectual, and to re-
move every obstacle which lies in the pathway
of complete success. The Union of these States
under the forms ofrepublican government,molded
in the spirit of liberty, is to our people more
precious than any other earthly interest, and to
preserve it all other interests must yield.
In my humble opinion we cannot hope for
complete success until slavery, the universally
acknowledged cause of rebellion, shall be ex-
tinguished, and both monsters buried in a com-
mon grave.
Slavery is dying; it raised its arm to destroy
this Government, and the American people have
decreed that it is unfit to live. The course of
events for the last four years has shown con-
clusively that there is no panacea to relieve the
patient; the skill of its ablest defenders cannot
long shield it from its inevitable doom. No act
of ours is necessary to accomplish this result, but
while we are witnessing its death agony let us
take caie to provide by amendment of the Con-
stitution that under no circumstances hereafter
shall slavery exist in any of these States.
The bill now under consideration proposes to
submit the followingamendmentof the Constitu-
tion to the several States for adoption or rejection,
according to the terms prescribed by that instru-
ment, and if ratified by the votes of three fourths
of the States willthen become a partof our funda-
mental law:
Artici,K XIII.
Src. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, ex-
cept a* a puni-hmeut tor eutne wheieof tiie pain shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United
{^latesoi iun place subject to then jiuisdiction,
Skc 'i ('ongres-j > hnll have power to enfVuce this article
by appropiiiUe legislation.
The effect of such amendment will be to prohibit
slavery in these United States, and be a practical
application of that self-evident truth, " that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain unalienable rights; that
among these, are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness."
This bill originated in the Senate during the last
session of Congress, in obedience to what was
believed to be the general sentiment of the Amer-
ican people, and passed by the necessary vote of
two thiids of the members of that body. It was
then sent to this House for concurrence, and after
considerable discussion was defeated by a vote of
95 in the affirmative and 66 in the negative, (twenty-
one members notvotmg,) being twelve votes less
than necessary to make the two-thirds vote re-
quired by the Constitution. The question now
before us arises upon a motion to reconsider such
vote, action upon which was continued from the
last to the present session of Congress.
Probably it was right that the question of re-
consideration should thus have been postponed.
During the last session of Congress we were just
entering upon an exciting political canvass; this
very question of slavery, its further continuance
or its utter destruction, entered largely into the
issues and discussions of that canvass; and in a
Government like ours, resting upon the will of
the people, and deriving its "just powers from
the consentofthe governed," it was well to have
another and more definite expression of the pub-
lic will. We passed through thatcanvass; nearly
every one of us on this floor went directly before
our own people with our respective records of the
last session accompanying us, and the result of
that canvass is now a partof our nation's his-
tory." No man can question or gainsay the pop-
ular verdict; it has been expressed in unmistak-
able language, and he who is willing to bow to
the voice of those whom for the time being he
represents in this Hall, cannot doubt the action
which the people now expect at his hands.
Congress cannot amend the Constitution, and
hence, if this bill should pass, the question will
then simply be referred to the people of the sev-
eral States for their action. In other words, we,
by our action here, simply authorize the people
to determinne for themselves whether they will
ratify or reject the proposed amendment. To
me it seems that on such a proposition there
should not be a dissenting voice. Whatever
questions may otherwise divide us, we all assent
to the proposition that our people are capable of
self-government, and have the right to alter their
laws, fundamental as well as statutory.
Is slavery, then, too sacred to be submitted to
the ordeal and judgment of ourpeople? Whatis
this institution of American slavery? A system
of fraud, of injustice, of crime, and of tyranny.
In the comprehensive language of an eminent di-
vine, it is the " sum of all villainies." It tramples
upon every moral precept, sets at defiance every
divine law, and destroys every natural right of
man. Like the poisonous upas, it diffuses its
deadly malaria, and slave and masteralike become
its victims. It has debased the social circle, pol-
luted the sanctuary, defiled the judicial ermine,
and corrupted every department of the Govern-
ment. It was the evil genius which troubled the
fathers in their labors of patriotism, and produced
dissension where concord alone should have
reigned. Like the old serpent, itentered our Gar-
den of Eden and seduced from theirloyalty many
of the sons etnd daughters of the Republic. Wind-
ing its deadly folds around the goddess of Lib-
erty, it claimed and exercised despotic power in
the very sauclum sanctorum of her temples. It
laid its hand upon our nervous system and the
nation became palsied. For eighty years it has
been the deadly enemy of republican institutions;
for eighty years it has molded the legislation of
the country; for eighty years it has controlled the
foreign policy of the Government; for eighty years
it has crippled the powerand energiesof an other-
wise free people; for eighty years it has ruled
the executive and influenced the judicial depart-
ments; for eighty years it has commanded the
Army and the Navy; for eighty years it has muz-
zled free speech and free press; for eighty years
it has poisoned public opinion and repressed every
aspiration of freedom; for eighty years it has made
the American name a hissing and a by-word
among the nations of the earth; for eighty years
it robbed the American people of their rights un-
der the Constitution; for eighty years it has ruth-
lessly trampled upon every principle of the Decla-
ration of Independence; for the last four years it
has waged a fiendish,malignant,remorseless war
against us, striking with death the first-born in
almost every loyal household, bringing untold
misery upon the nation, demanding from ourpeo-
ple sacrifices of blood and treasure to an extent
that might well appall and crush the spirit of any
other people on earth; and yet with this glaring
and damnable record against this institution, we
have gentlemen within this hall of freedom, sitting
beneath the folds of that thrice glorious flag of
liberty, Representatives of a free people, who hesi-
tate to strike this last blow which shall exter-
minate the monster forevei and ever.
This Congress may not heed the public voice;
it may refuse to respond to the known sentiment
of our constituents; but before the close of this
year, so recently ushered into existence, another
Congress, fresh from the people, will obey their
voice, and secure to themselves, by such act, an
honorable fame, and he remembered with grati-
tude by untold millions who are hereafter to en-
joy Us blessings.
Another and also a very important question is
rapidly pressing upon us for solution. As our
conquering armies move from State to State, sub-
duing the rebellion and preparing the way for the
