144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
But, sir, we shall not fail. Let us in all our
transactions be just, and fear not. Let us faith-
fully discharge these and other duties as they
arise, and it needs not the spirit of prophecy to
foretell what, under the providence of God, is to
be our nation's destiny.
" There is light beyond—
And dove-like peace with gentle wing descends j
See, as she comes, the hideous bird of death
Flaps his dark plumage, shrieking as he flies
From fields whereon he looked for future prey.
" Brethren, united as in former days,
Consult together for the common wealj
Chastened in spirit, more forbearing they,
Loving God better for their punishment—
Columbia's genius, smiling, looks abroad,
And cries, exultant, All, at last, is safe."
This war is shaking North and South, East and
West, to their centers, and the influences that will
be fully developed in years to come are to us now
scarcely perceptible. Antiquated ideas are being
laid aside, and mental vigor no longer pursues the
ancient channels. Theories and principles which
heretofore received our homage forno better rea-
son than that they had received the homage of
our fathers, are wasting away beneath the touch
of new thought and a new experience. The sor-
did are becoming liberal, the selfish profuse, the
brave heroic. Age is rejuvenated, and youthand
manhood possess increased vitality and energy,
while the "old fogy" has become an antique
relic, and lives only in the unforgotten past. The
immense demands of our struggle are bringing
our people up to the requisite standard. They
are proving themselves equal to the occasion,and
exemplifying their capacity in every sphere in
which they are called to act. The nation is be-
ing born again, and from the fire and smoke of
battle, from its death groans of agony, from the
patient suffering in the hospital, from the victo-
rious shout of the conqueror, from every avenue
• of industry, quickened into new life, the Ameri-
can Republic will emerge wiser, better, purer,
and more powerful. We are called upon to carry
up higher and higher the work of the fathers.
We are to develop, to mature, to protect every
energy, every sentiment, every aspiration in
man's nature, to secure to him every natural light,
to demonstrate to the world his capacity for civil,
social, religious, mental,and physical enjoyment.
Our Government,based upon these principles, and
sustained for their preservation, is to be a guide
for the nations, and to stand in every noble attri-
bute toward them as the Alps stand toward their
surrounding hills. With our immense popula-
tion, its rapid augmentation, its peculiar charac-
teristics, having in its veins the blood of all other
nationalities—with our climates, soils, produc-
tions, mineral wealth, who is there to say to us
" Thus far shalt thou go, and no farther; and here
shall thy proud waves be stayed?" We are planted
on the North American continent, and the three
oceans and theGulf can alone limit our territorial
expansion. The lines which you riowseeon the
map of North America as dividing one national
Eossession from another will disappear, they will
e sponged out by our people, and our children
will see, if we do not live to see, the American
flag floating over every foot of this continent, and
the American Constitution protecting every hu-
man being on its soil.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to make
some observations in reply to the very remarkable
criticism pronounced by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] on the anti-slavery portion
of the President's message.
If the war should end now without a division
of the Union, what would be the status of sla-
very? It has been abolished in Maryland by
the new constitution; but it is said that the sol-
diers had no right to vote, and without their votes
the constitution was not adopted. West Virginia
has provided for gradual emancipation; but that
State, it is alleged, has no legal existence, and
therefore its action is null and void'. In the State
of Virginia a new constitution prohibiting slavery
has been adopted by the loyal people within the
Union lines; but the constitutionality of this ac-
tion has been much questioned, even by anti-sla-
very men. Missouri has partially abolished sla-
very, and the convention, soon to assemble there,
it is supposed, will dispose of what is left. In
Tennessee, Arkansas, and Louisiana, slavery has
been prohibited by conventions repiesenting the
Union people of those States; but i t is said that theso
conventions were irregularly called, and their ac-
tion is therefore void. In Kentucky such slaves
as enter the United States Army are freed by act
of Congress; but it is alleged that the act is un-
constitutional. Congress has abolished slavery
in the District of Columbia, and prohibited it in all
the Territories; but it is said the first act is void,
without the assent of Maryland and Virginia, and
the latter is in conflict with the dictum of the Su-
preme Court in the case of Dred Scott. In all
the remainder of the States the slaves were lib-
erated by the President's proclamation; but that,
instrument, it is said, is too just to be legal. Under
these several enactments, however, the slaves,
without waiting to test their validity, are leaving
their old masters, forming new associations, seek-
ing education, earning new homes,learning self-
reliance, and thus erecting barriers to the revival
of slavery stronger than legislation itself.
It is apparent from this statement that if the
confederacy should suddenly collapse, liberating
our Union fellow-citizens that are believed to ex-
ist in large numbers within its picket lines, we
would still have the slavery question, out of which
the whole trouble grew, to be settled and disposed
of. It ought to be equally apparent to all ob-
serving persons that there is but one way to end
the strife. Slavery in the end must die. It has
cost the country too much suffering and too much
patriotic blood, and is in theory an institution too
monstrous, to be permitted to live. The only
question is, shall it die now, by a constitutional
amendment—a single stroke of the ax—or shall
it linger in party warfare through a quarter or
half a century of acrimonious debate, patchwork
legislation, and conflicting adjudication? The peo-
ple were consulted upon this question lastfall,and
they have responded in favor of emancipation. I
respect their opinion, not because I am a politi-
cian, the motive hinted at in the message,but be-
cause experience has taught me to rely upon the
judgment of the unambitious classes. 1 am re-
minded that there was a large minority. True,
but the suffering consequent upon this terrible
war, and not love of slavery, made the minority so
large. The people suffered from the draft, from
taxation, and from a depreciated currency, and
untruthful men told them that their own Govern-
ment imposed these hardships, not from the ne-
cessities created by the rebellion, but from mere
love of despotic cruelty. Consult your Demo-
cratic constituency and you will find they are not
so much infatuated with slavery as many suppose.
I think I would not misrepresent the largest por-
tion of the Democrats in my own district if I say
that however much they may have condemned
anti-slavery agitation prior to the rebellion, they
would now be glad to have the institution buried
out of their sight forever. Two classes alone
would object: those who are so poorly endowed
as to be jealous of negro competition, and those
who, being more happily born, apprehend that
their pride and importance might in some way be
compromised if the distance between themselves
and any portion of the laboring classes were less-
ened.
The President, in obedience to the advice of
the people and the dictates of his own kind heart
and unimpassioned judgment, has recommended
that we should submit this amendment to the
action of the States. Why should it not be
done?
Because, says the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] we should not amend the Consti-
tution in the midst of civil war. Why, then, did
he, in the close of his speech, propose to amend
it tiirough the medium of a convention, so as to
give slavery an increased representation in this
House and a protraction of its mischievous life,
and, further, to amend, in pursuit of some State
soveieignty vagary,so as to sink the Government
of the United States into a mere agcncy for the
collection of customs? Do not take the medicine
now, says the tender nurse to the sick man, wait
till you are well and able to bear it. If the gentle-
man will examine his own heart he will probably
find that it is the character of the amendment that
is offensive to him, and not its untimely presen-
tation.
Again, says the gentleman, some of the States
are not represented here. He seems to forget that
Congress does not make amendments to the Con-
stitution, but only proposes them. They must be
accepted by three fourths of all.the States in the
Union before they become part of the funda-
mental law. If Congress cannot even propose
amendments before the seceded States come in,
how can the gentleman call his convention? for
that must be done by Congress. If these States
are not represented here the fault is theirs, not
ours. Must all legislation be stayed until they
choose to return? and if not, why this more than
other important acts? If that rule should be
adopted we would always be in the power of a
few members who chose to place themselves be-
yond the reach of the Sergeant-at-Arms. The
gentleman trifles with the gravity of the question
and the good sense of the House when he raises
these objections, but still proposes to waive them
in favor of a convention to consider his own
amendments.
Why not tolerate slavery, continues the hon-
orable gentleman, and thus make the slavehold-
ers contented with the Union? What evidence is
there that toleration would content them? They
separated from the Union, and organized an inde-
pendent government in February, 1861. When,
prior to that, had the institution for whose pro-
longed cruelty the gentleman pleads so earnestly
lacked toleration ? I submit that it had always
been tolerated; nay, more, it had always had its
will and its way in this Republic—I trust I will
not offend any member's sensibilities if I say its
oppressive will and its unchristian way. What-
ever was asked was granted. When it asked
new markets to raise the price of men and women,
and to create a demand for the surplus children
of the institution, the request was granted. Lou-
isiana and Florida Territories were purchased in
part for this purpose. For this purpose Texas
was smuggled into the Union, and a war uneces-
sary for any other purpose secured the northern
provinces of Mexico. When it demanded that
white laborers should go further north, and sur-
render mild-climated Missouri to slave labor, the
surrender was made. WJhen from motives of
policy it demanded the passage of the Missouri
compromise, it was passed. When it demanded
its repeal it was repealed. It bade us vote down
the Wilmotproviso, and we obeyed. It demanded
that escaped bondmen should be caught and re-
turned, free of cost, and we gave them the des-
potic law. Again it demanded exernption from
the criticism to which all things else in a republic
are exposed, and we granted the immunity. To
this end we submitted to a censorship of the
mails, and authorized the burning of all offensive
papers and letters, in the vain hope to destroy
eternal ideas. To this end it demanded silence in
this House and in the Senate, and we adopted the
"Atherton gag." To this end it demanded si-
lence in the North, and every city raised its pro-
slavery mob to demolish presses and murder
editors and lecturers. The hand of slavery has
ever been against everybody, giving the Repub-
lic no rest day nor night. All day long these
Halls and the country resounded with its inso-
lent demands. Now the West must be African-
ized, now the East must be crushed, now Cuba
must be stolen, and now Africa unbarred to the
pirates, and it wolte us up at night with its fierce
clamors for escaped negroes. No, sir, slavery
rebelled not because it was not tolerated, but be-
cause it would not tolerate anything else; I may
say because it could not afford to tolerate any-
thing else. It would not tolerate the Declaration
of Independence, because that instrument pro-
claimed the fieedoin and equality of the human
race. It would not tolerate the literature of the
EnglisR language, nor the Christianity of the
American churches, nor the civilization of the nine-
teenth century, because their spirit was opposed
to human bondage. It could not tolerate New
England, because her education, her industry,
her sobriety, her justice, and her unboasting cour-
age was an implied censure upon slavery. And
last of all, slavery refused to tolerate the great
principle upon which this Republic is founded—
upon which all republics must be founded; the
will of the majority constitutionally expressed.
It was not only intolerant, but belligerent. It
could not be otherwise. I.t recognized a natural
though undeclared foe in every good cause, word,
and work, and in its efforts to destroy these has
destroyed itself. Conscious of its own inherent
wrong it began its defense before it was assailed,
and, like the glass fortress, it has fallen not by the
assaults of its enemies, but by the concussion of
