THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED I3Y F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
its own guns. It is pierced by its own poisoned
arrow.
" So the struck eagle, stretched upon the plain,
No more through rolling clouds to soar again,
Viewed Ins own fuatheis on tlie fatal dart,
And winged the shaft that quivered in his heail."
We can hardly claim the honor of aiding even
in its taking off. Like FalstafiT's victim, it was
quite dead before we dared to strike. But toler-
ate it, cries the gentleman, and pacify the mad-
men of tlie South. If New York were afflicted
'with hydrophobia, the gentleman would advise
his constituents to tolciate mad dogs. Do not
muzzle them, he would tenderly exclaim, do not
chain them,do not kill them, but tolerate, concil-
iate, cherish them until this terrible disease dis-
appears from the city. But if slavery is piohib-
ited the country will become homogeneous, and, in
his opinion, homogeneity is not desirable. Neither
the ancient nor modern nations of Europe, he in-
forms us, were homogeneous. They had many
systems of worship, and many kinds of languages
and races of men; but unfortunately for his argu-
ment, in another part of his speech, and for a dif-
ferent purpose, lie confesses that these same na-
tions were afllicted with tong and frequent civil
wars originating in that lack of homogeneity
which he so much commends. But if this di-
veisity of character is as desirable as repre-
sented, certainly we have enough of it without
trying to reinstate slavery. Religion is nowhere
more free than in thiseountry. Every man selects
his own altar. And as for races and languages,
what quarter of the many-tongued earth has not
contributed to our population ? No thanks, how-
ever, to the honorable gentleman for this. As the
leader and organ editor of the American party,
he could not tolerate these foreign-born races, nor
the adherents of the Catholic church, and be-
comes here now and asks us to be more intoler-
ant even than that, lie asks us to proscribe a
whole race, not only to the extent to which he
proscribed foreign-born races, but to go further
and proscribe them from the human family and
rank litem with the brute creation. And he asks
us to do this in the name of toleration. " Strange
that a man's mouth can run on thus."
It has been often said of late that history re-
peats itself. Of course it cannot be literally true;
but tlie gentleman cites it, and then proceeds to
search tor the prototype of the terrible drama
now being enacted on this continent, and affects
to find it in the Revolutionof 1776. Having set-
tled this point to his own satisfaction, he pro-
ceeds to assign to the living actors their historic
parts. The rebels take the position of the colo-
nial levolutionists, the Government of the Uni-
ted States reenacis the partof George III and his
ministers, while for himself and the Opposition de-
baters of this House he selects the honorable i ole
of Chatham, Fox, Burke, and other champions
of colonial rights in the British Parliament. Let
us examine this, it is true that the colonists re-
belled against the Government of Great Britain,
and the slaveholders rebelled against the Govern-
ment of the United States; but here the likeness
ends. Between the circumstances that might
provoke or justify rebellion in the two cases
there is no resemblance. The Government fiom
which the colonics separated was three thousand
miles beyond the seas. They could not even
communicate with it in those days in less than
two or three months. In that Government they
had no representation, and their wants anci wishes
no authoritative voice. Nor was it the form of
government most acceptable to the colonists.
They preferred arepubhe. The rapidly increas-
ing population and the geographical extent and
position of the colonies demanded nationality.
Sooner or later it must come. The tea tax and
other trilling grievances only hurried on an event
that was sure to occur from the influences of geog-
raphy and population alone. How is it inthe&e
respects with the present rebellion? The Gov-
ernment against which the slaveholders rebelled
was not a foreign one; it was as much theirs as
ours. They were fully represented in it. There
10
TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1865.
Neiv Series No. 10.
was scarcely a law, indeed I think there was not
a single law, upon ihe statute-book to which tliey
had not given their assent. It was the Govern-
ment they helped to make, and it was made as
they wanted it. They had ever had their share
of control and patronage in it, and more than
their share, for they boasted with much truth
that cotton was king. Nor is there any geograph-
ical reasons in their favor. It is conceded even
by the rebels themselves that a division of the
territory lying compactly between the Lakes and
Gulf, tlie Atlantic and the Mississippi, into two
nations would be a great misfortune to both. If
it were the Pacific States demanding separation,
bad as that would be, there would be some sense
in it; but for this territory you canot even find a
dividing line. When yuu attempt to run one the
rivers and mountains cross your purpose. Both
the land and the water oppose division. There
is no disunion outside the wicked hearts of these
disloyal men. I can see no resemblance, then,
between our patriot fathers, who toiled through
a seven years' war to establish this beneficent
Government,and the traitors who drench theland
in blood in an attempt—1 trust in God a vain one—
to destroy it.
Again, sir, in what respect do the apologists of
the piesent lebellion in this House resemble the
advocates of our great Revolution in the British
Parliament? Conceding they are their equals in
statesmanship,leanfmg,eloquence,and wit, I sub-
mit that they fall far below them m the merit of
their respective causes. Chatham defended the
cause of the colonists as set forth in the Declara-
tion of Independence " that all men are created
equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with
cei tain unalienable rights; that among these are
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"—the
honorable gentleman from New York pleads for
slavery, the auction block, the coffle, the lash.
With slavery he cures all national troubles. He
begs for harmony among ourselves. How shall we
be united? " Restore slavery, "says he. He is op-
posed to war. IIow then shall rebels in arms be
subdued? "Revive tlie traffic in blood." He is
opposed to taxes. How then shall our exhausted
Tieasury be replenished? " Raise more children
for the market." Slavery,more slavery, still more
slavery, is the only }jre&ciiption of the Opposition
doctois. lfwc are to look for the representatives
of these great men on this side of the Atlantic I
would not select them from among those who,
horn and raised in the free States, with all their
moral and educational advantages, had not yet
quite virtue enough when the struggle came to he
patriots, nor quite courage enough to be rebels,
hut 1 would rather select them fiom such men as
Johnson, of Tennessee, or Davis, of Maryland,
who, born and educated amid the intluences of sla-
veiy, still stood up for the Union cause at first
almost alone. But, sir, the representatives of
theso men are to be found now as they were then
oil the other side of the Atlantic, the leaders of
the Libeial party in the British Parliament.
Tilde is another paity that figuies largely in
the histoty of the revolutionary stiuggle that the
gentleman entirely omitted to name. He gave
theiu no place in his cast of parts. The omis-
sion may be attubuted to either modesty or for-
getfulness. Piior to the Revolution the members
of this paity had filled all the places of honor and
profit in the colonies, and when the war came they
heat tily espoused the cause of the king, though
they did not generally join his armies. Their
principal business was to magnify disaster,depre-
cate success, denounce the currency, complain of
the taxes, and denounce and dodge arbitrary ar-
rests. To the patriot cause they were ever piopli-
ets of evil. Failure was their word. The past
was a failure, the future would be. In the begin-
ning of the war this party was in the mojoiKy in
some of the colonies, and constituted a large mi-
nority in all, but as the war progressed their num-
bers constantly diminished. Pvlany of the leaders
were from time to time sent beyond the " lines"
and theirestates confiscated. Most of these settled
ill New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, right handy
to the place where the gentleman informs us he
was born. This party was called Tory, and if
this war is but a repetition of the war of the Revo-
lution, as the gentleman intimates, where are their
present representatives?
Again exclaims the gentleman, " You cannot
subjugate eight million people." I know hot
which most to condemn in this expression, (I
speak it of course without personal application,)
its insinuation of falsehood or its confession of
cowardice. The United States does not proposa
to subjugate any portion of its people but only
to exact obedience to law from all. It is this
misrepresentation of the purpose of the Govern-
ment that still keeps alive the dying flames of the
rebellion. I can go further with perfect truth,
and say it was this misrepresentation that lighted
those flames at the first. The slaveholders were
told that it was the purpose of this Administra-
tion to destroy their personal and political rights;
next they were reminded that they were proud,
brave, chivalric men, and then tauntingly asked
if they were going to submit. They were thus
fairly coaxed and goaded into rebellion. Except
for this misrepresentation the Union people would
have been in a large majority in all the slave
States, and despite it they are in a majority in
more than half of them to-day if they could ba
heard. But they are gagged, bound hand and foot
by a despotism so cruel and so mean, so thorough
and so efficient, that even the gentleman from New
York has no fault to find with it. The country
is too much engaged now with the immediate act-
ors in the drama to look behind the screens for
the authorsand prompters of the play. But when
tlieseactors have disappeared from thestage,gone
down to graves nevei to be honored, or wander-
ing among strangers never to be loved; in the
peaceful future, when inquisition shall be made
for the contrivers, instigators, aiders, and abet-
tors of this great crime, the two classes so often
coupled in denunciation in this Hall, the aboli-
tionists of the North and the fire-eaters of tha
South, will be scarcely noticed, but the quiet his-
torian will " point his slow, unmoving finger" at
those northern leaders who for fifteen years havo
deceived the South and betrayed theNoith. They
will stand alone. The large minority that now
gathers around them, moved thereto more in
hopes to escape the severe hardships of the war
than from any love of them or their position,
will have melted away from their support like
dissolving ice beneath their feet, and well will it
be for their posterity if they can manage then,
like Byron's wrecks, to sink into the
" Depths witti bubbling groan,
Without a grave, unknelled, uncothned, ami unknown.11
Subjugate the South ! No, sir; it is the pur-
pose lis it is the duty of the Government to lib-
erate the South, to drive out the usurpers, and
to restore to the deluded and betrayed masses the
blessings of a fiee Republic.
But the gentleman not only misrepresents the
purpose of the Government to inflame the insur-
gents, but also misrepresents the extent of tha
rebellion to discourage the people in their efforts
to subdue it. Where does he find his ei ht mil-
lion hostile people? Allowing for West Virginia
and East Tennessee, the whole white population
of the eleven States that pretended lo secede does
not much exceed one half that number. A larga
portion of these, are now within the Union lines,
professing no more hostility to the Government
than the gentleman himself. Of those that re-
main under the power of the usurper a consid-
erable number,in some localities more than half,
do not desire a separate Government, but would
gladly accept the protection and pi ivileges of the
Uniti d States if sure that they were beyond the
reach of their present oppressors. Where then,
1 ask again, does the gentleman find his eight
million people? Does he mean to include the
colored population of those States? I supposa
not; they are to be tolerated only as brutes. He
would not of course include them under the head
of people. 1 do not suppose lie intended to include
any portion of his own party. I have a right to
