146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
conclude, then, that this number was only a slash-
ing estimate to make out a bad case. With half
the white and all the black population m these
seceded States, it would be very strange if the
Government were not strong enough to compel
submission from the rest. The gentleman himself
gives some little encouragement. The little State
of Maine (in which he tells us just in this con-
nection he was born) is a match for England,
France, and Russia, and he finally adds for all
Europe combined.
Now, sir, if this little State which had only the
honor of rocking his cradle, that claimed him only
in long frocks and petticoats, could withstand all
Europe single-handed, is it notreasonable to sup-
pose that, combined with the State of Ins adop-
tion, the great State of New York, that possesses
him in all the glory of pantalooned manhood, it
could flog the woildand the i( restof mankind,"
in which I suppose the rebels would be included ?
Maine can be relied upon for the contest, so can
New York, since no perfidious hand now holds the
helm, and the gentleman himselfgives some hope
that he may be goaded into the support of his
struggling, suffering country. There is a point,
he tells us, beyond which his forbearance will
not go. It was not reached when the rebels seized
our forts, navy-yards, arsenals, ships-of-war,
mint, and custom-houses, mails and post offices.
It was not reached when they fired upon Sumter.
It was not reachcd when they raised an army,
hoisted a traitor flag, and laid siege to the capital.
It was not reached when they put pirates on
the ocean to seize, rob, and burn the peaceful
merchant vessels from his own city. It was not
reached when they raised the black flag and
shot down our patriot soldiers after surrender
and then burned the hospitals over the heads of
the sick and wounded. It was not reached when
they muidered women and children and unarmed
men, and burned the villages on the border without
military motive. It was not reachcd when by the
slow torture of hunger and cold they murdered
by the thousand our dear brave boys, prisoners
of war in their hands. Rut he has an ultimatum
notwithstanding. He announces it from his place
in this Hall, and boldly flings it in the teeth of
the rebels, and has the courage to hope that they
may hear him. They must not go too far nor
presume too much upon his forbearance. He will
not stand everything. The insults and crimes 1
have named he can endure, forgive, forget; but
if they dare to inspect his baggage as he travels
South, he " will not submit; never, never," he
repeats. "Will you fight them?" inquires the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] Mark now
the pluck of his answer. 14 When the day and
hour come 1 will be ready to mark out the course
I will pursue." Cambronne alone can answer
that, h is fortunate for the rebels that the hon-
orable gentleman has not yet learned that the
privilege so highly prized has been denied him
for three years anci a half.
Again, centralization, the absorption of all local
and municipal authority by the Federal Govern-
ment, is another lion in the way of emancipation.
What possible connection is there between cen-
tralization and emancipation? Why should one
follow the other? Emancipation has been going
on quite rapidly for two or three years; has the
gentleman's city lost any of its municipal rights
in consequence ? Is it not still ruled by the " Five
■ Points" majority, with nothing to fear but its
own mobs? Does it not still elect corrupt men
for judges, and thieves to the councils? Let the
gentleman look at home with his fears. It is his
own city that is centralizing, centralizing all the
disloyalty and depravity of the North, and here
he should begin his labors.
Mr. BROOKS. I can stand any amount of
personal abuse toward myself, and fail to reply to
it; but when he speaks thus of the city which I in
part represent, I am bound to say that an effort
was made by the Federal Government dui ing the
pendency of the late presidential election to°con-
trol the city of New York by sending there a bold
robber, in the person of a major general of the
United States. Robber as lie was of the public
Treasury, and major general of the United States
as he was, he dared not exercise the power given
to him to attempt to control the actions of those
whom the gentleman calls thieves and robbers in
ray own city. Thieves and robbers!——
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr, Speaker, I decline to
yield to a speech from thegentleman, because he
has had his time. [Cries of " Ah ! Ah!" from
the Democratic side of the House. Counter cries
of "Let him go on!" from the Republican side
of the House.] If the gentleman has any ques-
tion to put to me 1 will hear him.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I stand any
amount of personal attack on myself, but when
my own constituents are called thieves and rob-
bers, and when thieves and robbers are said to
govern the metropolis of this country, I put it to
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania if,
after making such imputations, it is propriety, it
is decency, to refuse to give me here an opportu-
nity, in the midst of a speech like that, to'defend
the million of people whom I represent from that
imputation against them as thieves and robbers.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the only as-
sault that I made on the city of New York was
merely to repeat the allegations of its own papers.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman yield tome
for a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman desires
merely to ask me a question I will yield to him;
but if he wishes to makea speechl must decline.
Mr. WARD. The attack was most infamous
and outrageous.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If I have made any attack
upon the constituents of the gentleman, [Mr.
Brooks,] I have learned what I am stating from
the gentleman's own paper, which has denounced
again and again the election of certain persons to
the councils of New York, and branded them as
thieves.
I was going on to say, sir, that slavery has al-
ways been a centralizing power in this country.
Of Ifte years the Government itself has been sub-
sidiary to it. It is said that a railroad corpora-
tion in New York, with a capital of only a few
million dollars, controls the State. It selects its
agents in all the counties, and \\&orks unseen for
their promotion. If in this way it fails to secure
a majority, the deficiency is made up by appli-
ances to the wants and weaknesses of its oppo-
nents.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, may I ask a
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am very
nearly through; and I would be glad if the gen-
tleman would let me conclude.
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield, or decline to yield, to the
gentleman from New York?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If it be only for a question,
I shall yield.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to know to what
corporation the gentleman refers.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I refer the gentleman to the
New York Express. [Laughter.]
^ Mr. PRUYN. That is not a regular corpora-
tion.
Air. SCOFIELD. I only alluded to the rail-
road for the sake of illustration. Slavery had a
capital of at least $2,000,000,000, as much under
the control of a few men as if it were a corpora-
tion with a president and directors. It was this
investment, thus centralized, that has been so ap-
propriately arid expressively, but to some people
very offensively, called the "slave power.'* Jts
control over the finances, trade, and politics of the
country was almost supreme. It controlled the
slave States by community of interest; by this
agency it then selected the President of the Uni-
ted States, and through his patronage controlled
the free States. Jtmay be said without exagger-
ation that it owned the South, used the Govern-
ment, and hired the North. Emancipation will
rid the country of this centralizing power, and if
the gentleman is really opposed to centralization
he ought to vote for it.
The gentleman closes his remarks with an ap-
peal to the friends of the Administration to stop
the war but save the Union. If our armies are
withdrawn from the territory claimed by the rebel
leaders the war will be stopped undoubtedly, but
the Union will be divided. South of the Ohio and
Potomac there will be another Government, prac-
tically recognized by us and formally acknowl-
edged by all other nations. Rut on the other hand,
ifthe rebels can be induced to disband theirarmies
the war will cease and the Union be preserved.
Now, sir, in imitation of the honorable gentleman,
I will close my remarks with an appeal to him and
his political associates to aid in the accomplish-
ment of this latter result. Do you inquire what
you can do? Go and proclaim to the deluded
supporters of Jefferson Davis two simple truths.
First, that the United States does not now and
never did seek their subjugation, but only their
submission to law. Tell them that the first elec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln did not involve any inter-
ference with slavery in the States where it then
existed, and that subsequent emancipation origin-
ated not in the virtue of the Government but in
the necessities created by their own misconduct.
If slavery was their motive for separation, the
removal of that motive by the removal of slavery
was our necessity. Whatever has been constitu-
tionally done in that direction by congressional,
State, or executive action must remain unless it ia
undone by authority equally constitutional. That
they must submit to the Constitution in all ita'
parts, including that which authorizes its own
amendment. Second, tell them that while the Uni-
ted States asks nothing more from them than sub-
mission to law, it will accept of nothing less; and
above all, it will not consent to its own dismem-
berment and the creation of two Governments be-
tween the Gulf and the Lakes. Tell them that the
people have the will and the power to sustain this
purpose of the Government. Though they are
accustomed to spend their money with economy
and do not wantonly shed their blood, they have
made up their minds, from high convictions of
duty, to bear with patience whatever loss and
sufferings the execution of this purpose may en-
tail. Tell them that while the Government and
people are thus determined, they are not vindic-
tive. They do not raise the black flag, but con-
stantly tender to the deluded masses pardon anil
protection. Go tell these two facts to the insur-
gent people, hitherto misinformed and misled by
your untruthful allegations, and you will see them
begin to drop away from their reckless leaders,
and with the blossoms of the coming spring will
come the sweeter blessings of peace.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not presume, Mr.
Speaker, to reply at this time to the remarks of
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvnma in
the fullness of his argument. So far as he ad-
hered to the legitimate subject of the debate, I
listened to him with pleasure; and I may say that
it was one of the few occasions in debate on this
floor when the subject under discussion has been
handled ably and wittily. But when the gentle-
man left the legitimate subject of debate to enter
into a low slander of my constituents, and finds
an excuse for that slander in some words uttered
by my colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] I do not know
whether to condemn most the cowardice of the
act or the meannesss of the insinuation. The
taking refuge from the consequences of his own
slanderous charge behind some words uttered by
a Representative of New Yoik, is indeed a depth
of human cringing which is lamentable to witness,
and shows that the slander uttered by himself is
a burden too heavy forhim^o bear.
Sir, the people of the city of New York require
no defense at my hands at any time, and still less
from the attack of the gentleman, [Mr. Scofield.]
That gentleman is himself a son of the State of
New Yoik, and comes here by the suffiages of
those among whom, as a wanderer, he was forced
to seek a home. It is, indeed, a poor resource
for him to attempt to strengthen his aigumenton
national questions by stabbing his native State
and defaming his fellow-citizens. What is the
constituency of the oity of New York compared
with any other in this country, that it should be
singled out for attack? Is the Golconda of Amer-
ica so poor that she can find no fi lends here? The
treasures that have been poured from her vaults,
earned by the enterprise of her cittzens, and the
arms of her citizen soldiery and well-organized
system of police which protect that treasure, her
volunteei s in your armies, and her sailors in your
navies, some of whom come from the dregs of the
people, if you please, and live many of them 111
Five Points perhaps, but who bear your banners
to victory; these form the nucleus of a power
equal to the famous maritime republics of old,
and which in modern times is looked on with
pride as the emblem of the success of our institu-
tions, as the unanswerable proof of the strength
of the American Government, and above all of
the capacity of the American people to rule them-
selves. And nowhere else on this continent ia
