912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only follows the
decision of his predecessors upon this point. The
first and second readings of the bill are taken to-
gether simply to save the time of the House, and
if'any question is raised, the reading of the bill is
always considered as the first reading.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose it has al-
ready been perceived by the members of the
House that this bill contains not one cent of ap-
propriation. It simply authorizes the Northern
Central Railroad Company of Pennsylvania to
build a lateral branch from its main line from the
point of intersection between the city of Balti-
more and York, to the city of Washington.
A gentleman asks if the bill has been printed.
I suppose that enough has been said and enough
has been printed upon the subject of railroad com-
munication with the city of Washington to render
it unnecessary that a bill of this kind should be
printed. It is a plain, simple, ordinary railroad
bill, authorizing this railroad company to extend
their line to the city of Washington, and provid-
ing that they may obtain the right of way in Mary-
land in the same manner as they are authorized
by their charter to obtain the right of way under
a condemnation of property. It requires the com-
pany to build one track of the road within one
year, and to complete the double track in two
years. It fixes the fares for passenger traffic at
not exceeding three cents per mile. It requires
them to stock their road with first-class cars, equal
to the best cars on the best railways in the United
States, and to maintain a first-class rate of speed
upon the road; and it requires that the road in all
its equipments shall be a first-class road in every
respect.
Mr. GANSON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the State of Maryland has
empowered this company to extend their road
through the State ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think the
gentleman understood me to say so, because I did
not say it.
Mr. GANSON. Well, I ask the gentleman if
he did.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir. The only
reference 1 made to the State of Maryland was in
relation to the condemnation of the right of way.
This bill provides that this company may obtain
the right of way from its main line through that
portion of the State of Maryland through which
it will pass in the same manner as the law of Mary-
land provides that the right of way shall be ob-
tained.
Mr. GANSON. I would ask if this company
has made any application to the State of Mary-
land for this tight of way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 do not know that
that is pertinent to the question now under con-
sideration.
Mr. GANSON. If they have not, there is no
use in Congress interfering.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Whether they have
or have not does not affect the question. There
can be no doubt about the constitutional power of
Congress to pass a bill of this kind. [Cries of
"Oh!" "Oh !"]
Mr. WADSWORTH. There isagrave doubt.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, if gentlemen
insist upon these doubts, then 1 must say that
they must be judicially blind upon this question.
[Cries of "Ah !" and " Oh !"] A question which
has been over and over again settled by Congress
and by the courts, itseems to me,ought to be sat-
isfactorily settled to the members of this House.
I did not rise, however, for the purpose of dis-
cussing the constitutional question. I take it for
granted that the members of the House who be-
lieve that we have the power to pass this bill, and
believe m its necessity, will vote for it, and that
those who still have doubts about the constitu-
tional power will probably vote against it. I know
there are some men here a good deal like a mem-
ber of this House from Virginia whom I once
read about, who, being dangerously ill, on his
death-bed, in giving some directions for his fu-
neral, whispered to one of his attendants," Do not
let them bury me at the expense of the Govern-
ment, for I am damned if it is constitutional."
[Laughter.] I have no doubt that there are mem-
bers upon thefluor of this House who still believe
in the unconstitutionality of Congress doing any-
thing which will benefit the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as the hour is getting very
late, and as we desire to make some further re-
ports from the Committee on Military Affairs, I
call the previous question on the motion to reject
the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. When would the pre-
vious question exhaust itself?
The SPEAKER. Upon the pending motion,
the motion to reject the bill. If the House should
refuse to reject the bill, it would go to its second
reardmg without question.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr.THOMAS. Do I understand that thegen-
tleman from Illinois will not allow me to make
an explanation in reply to the one which he has
submitted ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not upon the motion
to reject the bill.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope my friend will not
persist in that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
have an opportunity to make his explanation here-
after.
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to do it now. I merely
want to respond in a very few words.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The motion itself is
an unusual motion—to reject a bill on its first
reading.
Mr. THOMAS. Then I hope, as the gentle-
man refuses to yield, the House will reject the
bill.
The question being on seconding the previous
question,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Farnsworth and Thomas.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH withdrew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS. I was about to say, Mr.
Speaker, to the gentleman from Illinois, that there
were circumstances preliminary in this question,
which I thought addressed themselves very for-
cibly to his sense of fairness, "against the pro-
priety of urging action at all on this bill now. 1
will recapitulate these circumstances in the full
expectation that he will yield to their force. My:
colleague [Mr. Webster] is absent, before leav-
ing here lie took the precaution of seeking an m-
terviewandof entering into an arrangement with
one of the members of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who has charge of a bill having a much
wider purpose than this, a much larger .scope,
much greaterimportance in every point of view—
a railroad from Washington to the Hudson river
opposite New York—but of whicli thishill was a
part. My colleague left here under thtffull belief
that he had made an arrangement under which this
measure now up would not be introduced into the
House during his absence. But it seems that,
without his knowledge or mine, there were two
projects before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs—one on the large scale to which I referred,
and the one now reported to the House. He has
been, and I have been, taken entirely by surprise,
because that part of the larger measure in which
he takes an interestis now reported to the House,
having been separated from the bill of which it
was a part. Under these circumstances I did hope
that when I made that explanation to the gentle-
man from Illinois he wouid postpone all action
on the measure until my colleague returned.
That was the first proposition that 1 desired to
submit. I find, however, that the gentleman from
Illinois does not respond to that. Still I cannot
but insist that there would be propriety in post-
poning all action on the bill until my colleague
returns, because he has given much attention to
this particular subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There was no such
understanding made with me.
Mr. THOMAS. No, sir; I speak of thogentle-
raaa from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] It seems there
is a mistake in this matter. My colleague sup-
posed, when he had the assurance that the bill for
a military road from here to New York was not
to be reported in his absence, that he had provided
against the possibility of this measure coming up,
which isespecially interesting to Maryland. But,
apart from that, the gentleman from Illinois does
not think proper to explain the question. Letts
look at it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Maryland yield to me?
Mr. THOMAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. By the kindness of the
gentleman from Maryland I am permitted to ex-
plain. I introduced the bill to which the gentle-
man refers, for a railroad line between this city
and the city of New York. That bill is liable to
be called up as a privileged motion, and it was
known to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Wf.estek] that I, having charge of that bill, would
be likely to call it up. He therefore came to me
and requested, as he was about to be absent
in consequence of-a death in his family, that 1
would not call it up until after his return. I told
him that I would not do so. The measure<tfow
before the House is no part of my doings in any
way;and I should be very sorryifanythingshould
be done that would appear not to be fair toward
the gentleman from Maryland, notnow in the city.
Mr. THOMAS. That is precisely the state-
ment that has been made by myself.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is not the same prop-
osition at all.
Mr. THOMAS. I do not say that the gentle-
man from Ohio would violate, in any way, an
agreement with my colleague; but I speak of the
fact that my colleague is taken by surprise in the
manner in which this proposition is brought before
the House.
I would like to hav& this subject postponed
on another ground. I know that the Maryland
Legislature have taken action on this subject, and
very emphatic and very decided action, and I
hope this House will not consider what that Le-
gislature may think in the premises as being un-
worthy of consideration.
And there are other elements in this question I
do not propose to debate, whether it is constitu-
tional or not, because the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] is so very confident on that
subject that it would require much boldness to
differ with him. But I have been most strangely
aiji! erroneously educated if this is not in direct
tsdnflict with all the received opinions of the coun-
try,so far as I have had an opportunity to judge
of them. I think it is in direct conflict with the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States on analogous questions. It is certainly in
direct conflict with the deliberate decision of the
Administration of President Monroe, embracing
as that Administration did some of the ablest men
of the country. And we all know that these ques-
tions have been talked over and discussed in this
country again and again. We all know that in
the celebrated case to which I have referred Mr.
Monroe, with the full advice of Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Madison, and of his entire Cabinet, came to
the deliberate conclusion that although the Gov-
ernment of the United States had erected a road
from Cumberland, Maryland, to the Ohio river,
and had partially completed it beyond the Ohio
river, there was no power in this Government to
place even atoll-gate on that road for the purpose
of collecting tolls for transportation and travel
within the limits of the States, and that conclusion
was concurred in by the Congress of the United
States; for we all know that President Monroe
vetoed a bill proposing the erection of these toll-
gates, upon the distinct ground that within the
limits of a State the Government had no right to
impose tolls either directly or indirectly.
And long prior to that it had been the received
opinion of the country that this Government pos-
sesses no power to create a corporation within the
limits of a State. I know this bill is not called a
charter in precise terms, but it is one in effect.
And look at the strange provisions contained in
it. I have never read them, for I never intended
to take part in the discussion of this measure.
This bill proposes not only to collect tolls, but to
appoint commissioners by the Government of the
United States to seize the property of citizens of
Maryland, and condemn it for the purposes of this
road; to take all materials required for the con-
struction of ihis road and vest them in this cor-,
poration. All the powers of the State are swept
away. If this he notinterfermg with the reserved
rights of the States, then the States have no re-
served rights, and this is a consolidated Govern-
ment. Sir, whenever any experiment is made,
