914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
arrives, the bill amendatory of the enrollment law,
so that it will come up as the unfinished business
on Monday morning. Will the gentleman from
Maryland give way for that purpose ?
Mr. THOMAS. I most cheerfully yield to the
suggestion of the^gentleman from Ohio; and I
move that the fuftfier consideration of this matter
be postponed for ten days. 1 do not call the pre-
vious question upon that. I never called the pre-
vious question in a deliberative assembly.
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I hope it will not be
postponed beyond one week.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the consideration of the motion
to reject the bill was postponed for ten days.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the vote last
taken be reconsidered; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask the House to
take up the bill of the House No. 678, being the
bill amendatory of the enrollment act.
The SPEAKER. If the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have got through with their reports,
the next business in order is the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 678) entitled " An act
to regulate and provide for the enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses, " approved July 4,1864, and the otheracts
relating to enrollment and draft; and upon that
the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Sciiekck] is en-
titled to the floor.
DISCHARGE OF ENLIST1SD SOLDIERS.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which under
the rules was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolvedj That there be printed for the use of th« mem-
bers of tnis House ten thousand copies of the report ot the
Committee on Military Affairs, and the resolution on the
subject of discharging soldiers who have enlisted for the
uni xpired terms of regiments ai the end of such term of
service.
REPORT OP GENERAL Jl'CUSIXAN.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War, If not incompati-
ble with the public service, couimtiuieatp to this Hons*' the
supplementary report of Major Geueial Georsje IJ. McClel-
iau jh to the organization ami operations of the Army of the
Potomac, and having special let'etenee to the*Organization
ami operations of thy artillery service. *
The SPEAKER. As this resolution calls for
executive information, itrequircs unanimous con-
sent to consider it at this time.
Objection being made, the resolution went over
under the rule.
MARY P. B. LEYELY.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania,
by unanimous consent, the petition and papers in
the case of Mary F. B. Levely, widow of Henry
Levely, were taken ftom the Speaker's table and
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
REGISTERS TO BRITISH SCHOONERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, by unanimous consent,
reported a joint resolution directing the Secretary
of the Tieasury to issue American registers to
the British schooners Minnie Williams and E.
M. Baxter; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to he engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the bill was passed be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPORT DUTIES ON UNITED STATES GOODS.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
jResoJrc^That the Sociotary ol the Tmasury he requested
SO intoim tins Hou-e of the amount of import duties and
tfuugptf remitted by hirf oid^rs fipee the lit dav of Janu-
ary, 1864, upon goods famished to the Army and Navy of
the United States, together with a description of the goods
upon which such duties were so lemirted.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at five o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 20, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Joh\t Lanaiian, D. D.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of Sat-
urday's proceedings was dispensed with.
RETURN OF A BILL FROM TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Secretary of
the Senate be directed to request the House of
Representatives to return Senate bill No. 303, for
the relief of Charles A. Hichborn, which has
passed this body; there is a mistake in it whiah
ought to be corrected.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate passed the Army appropri-
ation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
wish the motion considered now, or merely^to
have it entered ?
Mr. WILSON. I will enter the motion now,
and call it up after the morningbusiness is through
with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
consider will be entered, subject to be called up
at any time.
THANKS TO GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, there is a joint
resolution on the table which has been passed by
the House of Representatives and favorably re-
ported from the Military Committee of the Sen-
ate, tendering the thanks of Congress to Major
General Thomas and the gallant officers and men
under his command, for late brilliant operations
in Tennessee. I propose to cull up this resolu-
tion with a view to its passage at as early a mo-
ment as practicable, as a tribute most deservedly
due to those who have evinced such skill and
courage in the defense of our country, crowned
as that skill and courage was with so much suc-
cess. But in doing so, I desire that equal justice
shall be done to others who have participated in
the same operations, and contributed largely by
their valor and endurance and promptness to the
utter rout and demoralization of the rebel army
under General Hood. I allude to the Navy co-
operating with GeneralThomas, under command
of Acting Rear Admiral S. P. Lee. i have had
in my drawer for some time an amendment tend-
ering the thanks of Congress also to Acting Rear
Admiral Lee and the officers, petty officers, sea-
men, and marines under his command, ami ask
j leave to presentthe sameand have it printed, that
it may come up with the original resolution of
the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be recpived informally, and the Chair will
put the question on the motion to print it.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Governor of the State of Mary-
land transmitting resolutions unanimously adopt-
ed.by the Legislature of that State, protesting
against the authorization by Congress of any rail-
road within thatState connecting with theNorih-
ern Centra! railroad and extending to the limits
of the Distiict of Columbia; which was ordered
to lie on the tabic, and be punted,
Mr, HOWARD presented a petition of Ben-
jamin Leroy, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
j luture of Michigan in favor of a grant of lands
' for the construction of a wagon road from Esca-
naba to the straits of Michilimackmac, near Fort
Mackinaw, and thence to Fort Brady, near the
Sault Ste, Maiie ship-canal, in the straits of Ste.
Mane; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordeied to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan in favor of an appropriation for
the construction of light-houses with fog-bells
on the island of Mackinaw, and at nr near old
Fort Mackinaw in thestiaitsof Michilimackmac;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan in favor of an appropriation
for the improvement of the harboi at the mouth
of the Saginaw river; which were referitd to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, praying that
the act of May G, 18G4, providing for the admeas-
urement of vessels, may be limited in its effect to
ocean vessels, and that the act of March 2, 1799,
may be revived and restored to its original force
and* validity upon the northern lakes; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Wisconsin in favor of the selection of some
point embraced within the harbor of Milwaukee
as a site for a naval depot; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval AlTairs, and oidered to
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of Norman
Wiard, praying for the adoption of measutes
whereby the invention and fabrication of ordnance
may be opened to public competition; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Chamber
of Commerce of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, m favor
of a modification of the act of May 6, 1364,
providing for the admeasurement of vessels, lim-
iting its effect to ocean vessels, and that the act
of March 2,1799, may be revived and i estored to
its original force and validity upon the northern
lakes; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Indiana in favor of granting
pensions to persons wounded and the represent-
atives of pei sons killed in the defense of that State
from invasion by those engaged in rebellion;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed. *
Mr. POMEROY presented additional pnpers
in relation U the claim of M. B. Duffield against
the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of Ho-
ratio Stone, praying for an appropriation to enable
him to complete the statue of Hamilton; which
was referred to the Committee on the Libiary.
Mr. ANTHONY presented additional papers
in support of the claim of Jjne Clai k; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of acting
assistant surgeons United Slates Army, praying
for an increase of compensation, and that they
may be exempted from liability to the draft, and
that they be reimbursed for nil expenses incurred
in the line of their duty; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of citizens of the Territory of Colorado, piaying
the passage of an enabling act giving the people
of that Territory the privilege of adopting a State
government; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of M.ehigan, praying that John Mix Stanley
may be rfmuneiated for the loss of his collection
of Indian portraits, occasioned by the burning of
the Smithsonian Institution; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Chi-
cago, Illinois, praying for an appropriation for
the improvement of the channel of the Muskegon
harbor; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up Senate bill No. 3S0. I wish
to say to the Senate that it is a bill reported on
favorably by the Committee on Public Lands,
and that when explained briefly by the member
who reported it it will in my opinion excite no
discussion; and yet U is of gieat consequence to
us that it be acted on promptly here and sent to
the other House, It is an amendment to an act
of last year which provided for the sale of town
lots on the lands of the United States. It is of
great consequence to us, and I do not think it
