1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfr
149
tion of the negroes of the South we have enslaved
the white people of the North to everlasting debt.
And this is our destiny bccause we have attempted
to hasten the order of time which God's provi-
dence would have at length brought about. Re-
peat not, then, to make an impression on the
country, statements that are not true, not histori-
cal, not borne out by the record.
But, Mr. Speakei, if, as alleged, I have erred in
an ardent desiie for peacc, if I am too credulous
in the belief that there ought to be peace, or that
the South would yield peace with a restoration
of the Constitution and the Union, it is a credulity
of which I am not ashamed, and for which the
Prince of Peace will forgive me. It is a divine
and Christian aspiration, now and hereafter, thus
ever to hope for "peace on earth and good-will
toward men." And however I may be calum-
niated as a copperhead or a traitor, despite all
these or harsher words that may be fulminated
against mc, as Ion®; as I have life and power to
speak, so long will I repeat the declaration of
Scripture, " Peace on earth and good-will toward
men."
Mr. BLISS obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. BLISS. I wilPyield the floor for that
purpose.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill and joint res-
olution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act to repeal the provisions of a law requir-
ing certain regents of the Smithsonian Institution
to be members of the National Institute; and
Joint resolution tendering the thanks of the
peopleand of CongrcsstoMnjorGeneral William
T.Sherman, and the officers and soldiers of his
command, for their gallant conduct in their late
brilliant movement through Georgia.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH,
(at four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 7, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. William II. Chakvika.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PORT OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to extend the
boundaries of the port of Philadelphia so as to
include the district of Richmond on the north,
and Greenwich Point on the south; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
CONDITIONAL ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whcieas on the loth day of December, 1864, the follow-
ing resolution was adopted by tin?- llon^e. namely :
k*iZc5o/i ed. That the Secret.ny of Wai he directed to fur-
nish to the Ilou- e copies of the order issued iiom ins De-
paitment on the 21st d.iv of December, 18G3, in regaid to
recruit^ enlisted with conditions that thej t-.hunld be dis-
charged when their lognnents were mustered out of s-er-
vjee ; ni>o, copy of oidei ot letter dated 22J day of Decem-
ber, 16C3, and addressed to the Governor of the Stale of
]\Ia--ac-hu eus. in ie;<ardto reeiuits to fill lipoid ie<nments;
and that he inform the lloi^e whether the piinuplcs an-
nounced mi the oider above mention* d have been applied
to all soldiers mustered into the service to fill up the old
regiments."
To which resolution no response by the Secretary of
Wat has been made: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secietary of War he directed to in-
form the I]ou;-e vvh\ the infoimation required by the House
has not been tarnished, and that he be dnected to furnibh
the name.
INSANE ASYLUM, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SCI-IENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill to extend to certain persons in the employ
of the Government the benefit of the asylum for
the insane in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the bill may be
put upon its passage at this time; and I ask that
the bill may be read, together with the paper ac-
companying ir.
Before that is done, however, I will ask leave
to state some facts. The present law upon the
subject provides for the admission to the insane
asylum, in this District, of persons employed in
the Army and Navy of the United States and
civilians in the District of Columbia. There are,
however, certain persons in the employ of the
Government, in the quaitermaster's and commis-
sary's departments, who are not now permitted
this benefit. There are now one or more cases
of insane persons in those departments who are
not entitled to be admitted intoany State asylum,
having no friends in the country, and in whose
cases the provisions of the existing laws do not
apply. Representations have been made by the
proper authority in regard to this matter. That
paper, which I have sent to the desk, and now
ask to have read, explains the necessity of the
immediate passage of this bill, as a matter of
mercy.
The following communication was tfren read by
the Clerk;
Office Depot Commissary or Subsistence,
Washington City, D. C., December 10,1864.
Genfral: I have the honor to represent that the law
contiolling and legulatmg the insane asylum near tins
city svill not aliow civil employes ot the quaitenna^ter's
or subsistence departments, who become, insane while in
public employ, the benefit of it, if they are not permanent
residents of the Dis-tuet. Within the last few months we
have had several in this condition, one now under my
ch.uge. who J am unable to di-pose ot. lie ha-; no fi tends in
this countrj.and humanity will not peimit him to he turned
ioo^e in thi>diingeiou* condition. 1 would thereloie most
rcspcctfulJy ar«k that the approval of the riect entry of War
he solicited lor the puipo>e of modifying or amending the
law as to authoiize m^anr employes to be admitted m
the same manner as, enlisted men, when such employes are
connected with the Washington and Alexamhia depots or
Uieir blanches.
I am, geneial, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. BELL,
Lievtnmnt Colonel and C. S V. S
General A. B. Eatov. Commiawty General of Subsistence,
Washhigton^ District oj Columbia.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and bemgengrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House passed the bill, and also that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF UNCLAIMED FREIGHT.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize express
and other transportation companies to sell un-
claimed freight; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
BOUNTIES AND ARREARAGES OP PAY.
Mr. GRIDER,. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to provide for the payment of
bounties and arrearages of pay to mothers of cer-
tain soldicis who have fallen in battle, or have
died in the service, and I ask that it be received
and considered at the present time without any
reference to a committee.
The bill was received and read at length.
It pi ovides that the met hers of illegitimate sons
who have died in the service shall receive the
bounties and arrearages of pay the same as moth-
ers of other soldiers who have fallen in battle or
died in the service.
Mr. GARFIELD. I must object to the con-
sideration of this bill without a reference to a !
committee. I
Mr. GRIDER. The whole substance of the !
bill is just this: mothers of illegitimate children !
who have fallen in battle cannot now receive the ;
bounties and arrearages of pay as those can who :
have lost sons whose fathers are dead. This bill ,
is intended to put both on the same footing. I
Mr. GARFIELD. If thegcnlleman will allow [
it to be referred it will be caiefully examined. j
Mr. GRIDEIl. Very well; I will consent to |
its reference.
The bill was accordingly read a first and sec
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
TESTIMONY OF PARTIES IN INTEREST.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous conscnt, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-!|
sidercd, and agreed to: .
Resolved, That the Committee oil the Judiciary be in-
fltnicted to mqitite into the expediency ot .*o ametuhnsthe |
third section of an act makmg appropriation* for the fiscal |
year ending June «J'j, lcO.\ a« to exclude the testimony of ;
paiues in imeieM in &uit= iu the couiu- of tne United suites !
wherever administrators, executors, or guardians are pas-
ties.
DUTY ON LEAP TOBACCO.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a letter from Dulany, Harris &.
Co.jGtuincy, Illinois, in relation to the duty on leaf
tobacco; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
REBEL DEPREDATIONS ON LAKE ERIE.
Mr. HULBURD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to communicate to
the House a copy of the report made by Major Genera) Dix
to the Secretaiy of War on the 30th of February, 1884, in
regard to the rebel raid on Lake Erie, and the seizure of
the steameis Philo Parsons and Island Queen.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to this res-
olution, if the call be made directly upon the
Secretary of War. The rules of the House re-
quire that resolutions of this character shall be
imperative m their form.
The SPEAKER. By the language of the reso-
lution, the Secretary of War is " directed."
Mr. HOLMAN. " If not incompatible with
the public interest.fi
Mr. HULBURD. The reason for the intro-
duction of that expression was that it was deemed
possible that there might be something in the re-
port which it would not be proper at this time to
make public.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, tho
resolution will be considered as introduced and
agreed to.
There was no objection.
CONFISCATION OF DESERTERS' PROPERTY.
Mr. GR1NNELL, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to repou at an early day upon the expediency of
a law to eonfi-c.ite for the Government, when practicable,
so much of the properly of conscripts who have failed to
repon tor duty as may be requned to secure the serviced
ot &o)diei> m their stead.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the business in which the
House was engaged at the adjournment yester-
day, being the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House on the 15th of last June rejected
a joint resolution (S. No. 1G) submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States, on
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.-Bliss] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Speaker, I deem it my duty
to the people whom 1 represent as a member of
this body, to utter in their name some words of
protestation against the immolation of the Con-
stitution of the United States which is threatened
by the representatives of the party which holds
the majouty of this House. In that sacred in-
strument is contained the life-blood of our Gov-
ernment, and in its fate is involved the highest
mortal inteiest of the American people.
Revolution, leaping in the daik, is ever of the
mostdangeroostendency. We shall act foolishly
as a nation if we allow ourselves for any selfish
motive to forsake and spurn the well-tried princi-
ples and pohcy upon which our fathers built our
Government, and from the just application of
which nothing has resulted in opposition to peace,
prosperity, and unprecedented national advance-
ment. We shall act foolishly and rashly if we
abandon the approved guarantees of national hap-
piness and greatness which Heaven and the lofti-
est human wisdom have permitted us to possess,
and adopt in their stead some untried and specu-
lative policy, the realization of which is only in
vague imaginations of an uncertain and imperiled
futuie.
There are many reasons why I cannot, consist-
ently with rny conscience and my views of the
true interest of my country, accord my vote to
the initiatory step to what I regard as the revolu-
tionary measure proposed, in the first place, and
which alone is sufficient for my determent, it
would involve me in the guilt of a willful viola-
tion of the solemn oath without which I could not
have become a member of this body. That oath
binds me, like many taken before it, to support,
maintain, arid defend the Constitution of the uni-
