152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tin whom it pleased the rights and privileges of
ftitizens, and it cannot be successfully denied that
property in the African race was then sustained
by law, and it will not be denied by any lawyer
that the several States never surrendered these
rights and privileges by adopting the Constitution
of the United States. Will any man then pre-
tend that the provisions of the organic act in re-
lation to the personal rights to which a citizen
of the State was entitled included the negro Afri-
can race at that time here, or who should after-
ward be imported ? Every person who was a
citizen and recognized as such 111 the several States
became also a citizen of the Union, but none other.
It was framed by them and for them and their
posterity, but for no one else; and the personal
rights guarantied to citizcns of the Union were
intended to embrace those only who were then
members of States according to the provisions of
the organic law and the doctrines on which it was
founded.
Who were citizens of the several States under
the governments of the thirteen colonies when
they separated from Great I3ritain and took their
places as an independent nation? Who were the
citizens whose liberties had been violated by the
mother country, and who declared their independ-
ence and determined to defend their rights by force
of arms? Neither the persons who had been im-
ported as slaves nor their descendants, whether
they had then become free or not, wore then in-
cluded in the general words of the Declaration of
Independence or acknowledged as a part of the
people. They had for more than a century be-
fore been regarded as an inferior race and not fit
to associate with whites, socially or politically;
that the negto might justly and lawfully be re-
duced to slavery for the benefit of the while race;
he was bought and sold like any other article of
merchandise. It was an established axiom in
morals and politics which no one disputed, and
"which was not considered open to dispute; and
no nation more uniformly acted upon it than the
English Government. They seized them on the
coast of Africa and sold and held them for their
own use, and were more engaged in this com-
merce than any other nation in the world; and
the opinion and practice of England naturally
impressed themselves upon the American col-
onies, and every one of the thuteen colonies
bought and sold them as such. Not one of that
race had then migrated to this country volun-
tarily, but had been brought here as merchandise;
and slavery existed in every State save one at
the adoption of the Constitution, at which time
there was no Government of the United States in
existence with special, enumerated, and limited
powers. Not only did slavery lawfully exist be-
fore the formation of the organic law, but it is
expressly recognized by the Constitution. Rep-
resentatives and direct taxes are in part appor-
tioned by the number of slaves:
"ltepresentativo* and direct t;ixc« shall bo apportioned
anion# the several States which nuiy he included within
this Union, according to their res-poem e number?, winch
Phall be determined by adding to the whole number of hee
persons, including those hound to scrvice 1 or a term of
year#, and excluding Indian* not taxed, tlnee fifths of all
other persons. The actual enumeration shall he made
within three years alter the first meeting of the Congress of
the United States, and within every subsequent icim of
ten years, in such a manner as they shall by law direct."
—Article I, scdion '2.
"The migration or importation of such persons as any
of the State* now existing shall think propei to aamit, shall
not be prohibited hv the Congress piior to the jeai 1808,
but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not
exceeding ten dollars lor each peison."—diilicle 1, bcction
9.
" No person held to sci vice or labor in one Plate, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, he discharged from
Ruch service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."—
Article 4, section 2.
Now, it does seem to me that the decision of
the Supreme Court of theiUnited States in the
celebrated Dred Scott case, although riot upon this
particular point, yet goes clearly to show that
there is no authoiity, by amending the Contsitu-
tion of the country, to mterfeie with rights of the
States which never were delegated to the General
Government. 1 will read a part of the judgment
of the court in the case, as well to show that sla-
very cannot be abolished in this way, as for the
purpose of showing that it is a well-settled prin-
ciple of law, which can hardly be denied by any
living man, that slaves are held as goods and
chattels, and can be bought and sold like any
other property.
But it is proclaimed that because the Declara-
tion of Independence declares that all men are
born equal, having certain inalienable rights,
among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness, it never was intended that slavery
should exist lawfully. I presume that no right-
minded man will pretend that the framers of the
Declaration of Independence, when they said
that all men were born equal and had certain in-
alienable rights, intended to include slaves, be-
cause slaves at that time never had held any po-
litical rights. Slaves had been held here long
before the formation of the Constitution; the in-
stitution had been transmitted by England and
other European nations to the colonies here;
slaves were treated here as property liable to be
bought and sold, and not as citizens within the
meaning of the Declaration of Independence or
of the original laws of the country. I will now
read from the Dred Scott decision, 19 Howard,
page 410:
" It then proceeds to say,' We hold these truths to be
self-evident, that all men arc created equal ; th.it they are
endowed by their Creator with ceitaiu unalienable lights;
that among them is life, liberty, and the pursuit ot happi-
ness i that to secure these rights, Governments ate insti-
tuted, deriving their just power* fiom the consent of the
govei ned.'
"The general words above quoted would seem to em-
brace the whole human family, and if the} were u^ed in a
similar insti tunenl at this day would he <0 understood. Hut
jt is too clear for dispute, that the enslaved Afncan race
were not intended to be included, and loimcd no part of the
people who framed and adopted this Decimation ; i'or if the
language, as understood 111 that day, would embrace them,
the conduct of the distinguished men who fiamed tht Dec-
laration of Independence would have been uucily and fla-
grantly inconsistent with the principles they aeseited; and
instead of the sympathy of mankind, to which they soeon-
fidenlly appealed, they'would have deseived and received
universal rebuke and repiolmtion.
"Yet the men who liamed this Declaration were great
men, high in literaiy aequuemeiits, high in their sense of
honor, and incapable of asseiung principles inconsistent
with those on whieh they were acting. They perfectly
understood the meaning ofthe language they used, and how
it would be understood byothcis; and they knew that it
would not in any pait of the civilized woild be supposed to
embrace ilu; negio race, which, by common consent, had
been excluded from civilized government, and the family of
nations, and doomed to slaveiy; ihey spoke and acted ae-
coiding to the then established doctiuscs and pimeiplc5',
and in the 01 dinary language of the day, and no one inisiin-
deistood tin m. The unhappy black race were separated
Irom the white by indelible marks and laws long before
established, and were never thought of or spoken of except
as pioperty, and when the claims ofthe owner or the prolit
of the trader were supposed to need protection.
" Tin* state of public opinion had undeigonc no change
when the Constitution was adopted, as is equally evident
from its provisions and language."
**********
"The powers over person and property of which wc
speak are not only not gianted to Congiess, but are in ex-
press terms denied, and they aie fot hidden toexcioise them.
And tins piolnbiucm is not confined to the States, hut the
words are general, and extend to the whole terut'orv over
which the Constitution gives it power to legislate, includ-
ing those poitions ot it leinaimng under tei 11 tonal govern-
ment as well as that covered by States. It isa total absence
of power everywheie wiihin the dominion of the United
States, and places the citizens of a Tcirilory, so far as
these rights aie concerned, on the same looting with cit-
izens of the States, and guaids them as fnmly and plainly
against any imoads which the Genei.iJ Government might
attempt under the plea of implied or incidental powers.
And if Congress itself cannot do this, if n is beyond the
powers conieired on the General Government, it will be
admitted, we presume, that it could not authonze a ter-
ntorial government to exercise them. It could confer no
powci on any local government established by its authority
to violate the provisions of the Constitution.
" It seems, however, to be supposed that there is a dif-
feience between pioperty in a slave and other property, and
that different ink"- may be applied to it m expounding the
Constitution of the United States. And the laws and
usages ol nations and the writings of eminent jimst? upon
the relation of master and slave and their mutual lights
and duties, and the powers which Governments may exer-
cise over it, have been dwelt upon 111 the argument.
♦'But in considering the question before u«, itmu«tbe
borne m mind that there i^ no law of nations standing be-
tween the people of the United States and their Govern-
ment and mteifering with their lekition to each other.
The powers of the Government, and the rights of the citi-
zen under it, arc positive and practical regulations plainly
written down. The people of the United States have del-
egated to it ceruun enumeiated powers, and ioibiddcn it
to exorcise others. It ha.* no power over the person or
property of a citizcn but what the citizens of the United
States have granted. And no laws or usages of other na-
tions, or reasoning of statesmen or juiists upon the relations
of master and slave, can enlarge the povveis of the Govern-
ment, or take from the elu/ens the lights they have re-
seived. And it the Constitution recognizes the light of
property ol ihe muster m a slave, and makes no distinction
between that description of property and other properly
owned by a citizen, no tribunal acting undei tile authoi ity
, of the United States, whether it be legislative, executive,
or judicial, haj a right to draw such a distinction, or deny
to it the benefit of the provisions and guarantees which
have been provided foi the protection ot piivafe propeuy
against the encroachments ofthe Government.
" Now,as we have r. heady said m an earlier part of this
opinion,upon a different point, the right of pre peri) in a slave
iodistiiictiynndcxpresplyaffirmed inthe Constitution, The
right to tiaflic in n like an oidmary aiticie of mciehandise
and property was guarantied to the eitiztn? ot the United
Stati s, in every State that might desire it ,for twenty years.
And the Government in express terms is pledged to piotect
it in all future time if the slave escapes from his owner.
This is done in plain words, too plain to be misunderstood.
And no word can be found in the Constitution which gives
Congress a greater power over slave property, or which en-
titles property of that kind to less protection, than property
of any other description. The only power confeiied is the
power coupled with the duty uf guai ding and protecting the
owner m Ins lights.
" Upon these considerations, it is the opinion of the court
that the act of Congiess winch prohibited a citizen from
holding and owning property of tins kind in the territory of
the United States noith of the line therein mentioned, is
not warranted by the Constitution, and is therefotc void ;
and that neither Died Scott himself, nor any of his family,
were made free by being earned into this terutory; even
if they had been carried there by the owner with the inten-
tion of becoming a permanent 1 esident."
I take theground, sir, that is taken in this decis-
ion, that it is beyond the power of the Federal
Government, not only beyond the power of Con-
gress, not only beyond the power of those who
may sit here as the Representatives of the people
to actand legislate for them, but that itis beyond
the power ofthe constituted authorities of Amer-
ica, of the people in their sovereign capacity, by
any amendment of the Constitution to interfere
with an institution that belongs solely and exclu-
sively to the jurisdiction of an individual State,
without the consent of that State. And I ask
what safety there would be in a Republic like
this if three fourths of the States could deprive
the other fourth of those rights, jurisdiction over
which was not delegated by the Skates to the Gen-
eral Government? Would not the whole frame-
work of the Government be thereby overthrown ?
And would not despotism and tyranny, in times
of war and excitement, prevail over the land in
bold and undisturbed impunity? Would it not
be a recognition of the authority of three fourths
of the States to trample upon those rights and lib-
erties transmitted to us by our noble ancestors
who fought side by side together, and handed
them clown to you and me to protect our lives and
property from the influences of despotism and
tyranny ?
I submit that the proposition on its very face
is too absurd to deserve consideration in a repub-
lican Government. Can it be that those intelli-
gent and patriotic men who established the inde-
pendence ofthe Government,and who battled for
their liberties till the soil of our country was
marked with theirblood fiom hill to hill,and from
plain to plain, intended that the life of freedom
breathed into their nostrils might be crushed out
by the tyranny or paitisan passions of Congress,
or of three fourths of the States, and that a mi-
nority of the States might be treated as conquered
provinces? It is a doctrine which would icduce
American freemen to the grade of Russian serfs.
There are lawyers on the other side of the
House who know the general rules governing the
construction of statutes, contracts, and constitu-
tions. They know that we must construe the
Constitution according to the reason and the spirit
of it. We must, consider what animated the
minds of the people and of the delegates who
framed it. What were the object and intention
ofthe framers of it? Was it their intention that
after going through that vast scene of blood, af-
ter such an exhibition of patriotism as the wot Id
had never seen, those rights for which they had
fought and won, to protect their liberties, their
properties, and their households, might be torn
from their descendants by the vote of three fourths
ofthe States, against the plain principles for which
they fought? Did they ever intend that a two-
third vote in Congress, and three fourths of the
States, could take from the fourth ofthe States cer-
tain institutions which were guarantied to them
as much as my property was guarantied to me,
or our fathers' or grandfathers'property guaran-
tied to them by the success of the Revolution, and
by the organic law of the land.
It is dangerous, in the present state of the
country, to undertake to trample on the precious
landmarks of the Constitution. We have been
taught to believe that it is the barrier by which
the tides of despotism and tyranny aie to be kept
back. It is only by upholding that barrier that
