1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
our citizens can escape the evils of that uncon-
stitutional desolation of the country, the evils
of this terrible unprovoked war, for which a
portion of the people of the North arc more
accountable than the people of'tlre South. In
these times of excitement, when private rights
are so much trampled on, it is dangerous to trifle
with the sacred landmaiks which the wisdom
of Washington, of Jefferson, and of the great
statesmen and heroes of the Revolution had es-
tablished in our land as principles to be handed
down to us, and to secure ourselves and posterity
from the wickedness of unscrupulous tyrants.
But, says the gentleman from Ohio, slavery is
the cause of the war. Sir, slavery is not the cause
of the war any more than were seamen the cause
of the war of 3819. Th« war of 1812 with Great
Britain was because she interfered with our sea-
men; and the same argument might have been
made then that is made now in regard to slavery—
that seamen were the cause of the war, and that
if we had not had seamen we would not have had
war. I tell you, sir, that it was the interference
with the rights of American seamen on the part
of Great Britain that caused the war. It was not
because there were seamen, but because the rights
which the Government of this country guaran-
tied to and threw around (hem were invaded by
Great Britain, and they weie taken from the decks
of our ships, the soil of America, and forced into
the service of a nation hostile to us. Great Britain,
by her acts, caused that war.
The history of our country will, in pages red
with blood, record that this war was caused by
the acts of the abolitionists of the North; of those
men who mteifercd with the institutions of the
South. Those men are responsible for all this
bloodshed which is now wetting American soil,
and causing the earth to groan beneath the deadly
weight of the commingled bones of our breth-
ren. I charge here to-day that this interference
with slavery has alone severed our glorious
Union; blighted our national prosperity; wrecked
our civil and political liberty; studded our coun-
try with the giaves of noble soldiers; caused a
hundred fields to weep with brothers' blood;
and the screams of wives and mothers to ema-
nate from domestic circles at the ghastly appear-
ance of a tyrant's assassin dragging from the
death-bed of a wife or the grave of a child the
husband and father, to be incarcerated in a dun-
geon or cell. 1 implore you, in the name of truth,
do not charge upon slavery the cause of this war.
By the history of this country I charge that such
men as YVendell Phillips, Horace Greeley, Lloyd
Garrison, and those in power, have been the pro-
moters of this wai, and the blood of this nation
lests upon them. Thank God, I am free from it.
And there is another consideration which I
would urge—one of still greater moment—one
which slits the heart of this nation, and which I
trust will yet biing back the glory of the Amer-
ican people. 1 urge that at this time it is not pa-
triotic to urge sucli a measure as this. It tends
to distract the country; it embitters all the ele-
ments of social life; it separates the ties of reli-
gious brotherhood, and weakens those greatprin-
ciples for which tins Government was founded,
and for which the blood of the. people both of the
North and the South was so fteely poured out.
I see b( fore me patriotic men fiom the State of
Kentucky; the State whicii has stood between the
nvV)f the North and the ire of the South; a State
that has been true to the Constitution; whose sons
here icpresent the piinciples ever held by that
great statesman Henry Clay; a State that stands
by the landmaiks of the oiganic law of the land
as the only palladium of oui cml libei ty. In the
name of God, is it justice, is it magnanimity, is it
in accordance with that injunction of Scripture,
u Do unto others as ye would have others do unto
you," to strip from those men the valuable rights
of property which were considered sacred until
this civil war raised its hydra head? Is it just
and right to take away from those men now, after
they Siave for three years and a half interposed
their State for the protection of our firesides and
our families, to take away their property without
any compensation? By what right do we pro-
pose to take away this property without paying
for it? The Constitution says that private prop- \
crty shall not be taken for public use without just j
compensation. Now, if we regard at all the rights i
guarantied by the Constitution, by what right do
we propose to take away the property of the loyal
men of Delaware, Kentucky, and other States,
without just compensation ?
Nearly every man, if not all ofthem, in the Con-
vention who framed the Constitution of the United
States were slaveholders; that the Constitution of
the United States not only recognizes the right of
the States to hold this institution, not only allowed
them to continue to hold itand notgive it up to the
General Government, but that Convention, com-
prising these wise and patriotic statesmen, ex-
pressly fortified and sustained it. They not only
declared that slavery existed, hut that the importa-
tion of slaves should not be interfered with until
a time named in the Constitution, and they puta
provision in the Constitution that no amendment
should be made to it which should interfere in any
manner with the right to import slaves from for-
eign countries until the year 180S,and out uf which
trade Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New
York, and other States made money until that
year. "Why will you regard other prohibitions
contained in the Constitution, if you are to pay
no regard to those prohibitions and guarantees
which relate to this institution ?
The power to interfere with the importation of
slaves into this country was delegated; but it was
provided that it should not be exeicised until the
year 1808. The Constitution can be amended m
that respect, because by the organic law the
power to make such an amendment after the year
1808 was expressly granted; it was made one of
the ligaments which interwove the different parts
of the Constitution together. Because that was
made a part of the organic law of the land, and
for that reason alone, the Federal Government,
by two thirds of Congress and three fourths of
the State Legislatures, representing the people
who made that Constitution, has the tight to make
such an amendment. "Why? Because that is an
amendment contemplated by the organic act; it
isan amendmentu it hin thcpurvicwot the powers
delegated to the General Government; it is an
amendment in relation to a question the control
of which is not reserved to the States; it is an
amendment which the General Government was
expressly authorized to make. It was provided
by the Constitution that until the year 1808 the
importationof slavesshould notbe interfered with
by the General Government, but that after that
date Congress might make any law they deemed
proper in legard to that matter.
No man, though he search till the end of time,
can show me an instance in which an amendment
has been allowed which did not come within the
plain letter or the spirit of the Constitution. Ex-
amine, if you choose, the amendments which were
adopted after the Constitution had been latitied,
and the Government established. Those amend-
ments, winch were adopted by the people because
they apprehended that their personal lights, their
life, liberty, or property which they had fought to
jnaintain during the mighty strife of the Revolu-
tion might be invaded, weto germane to the Con-
stitution itself. You will find none but such as
came within the powers delegated to the General
Government, either by the spnit or the letter of
the Constitution. For, sir, the Constitution is to
be interpreted, not only by its letter, but, like all
other laws, by its spirit, and the object had in
view by its fiamers when they made it, which
object was to preserve the rights of themselves
and their posterity for all time to come.
Another evidence that it never was intended that
tin ec fourths of the States should have the power,
through the process of amendments,to interfere
with the domestic policy and interna! concerns of
the other States, is found in the fact that no such
authority is in the organic law. Every gentle-
man here knows perfectly well that in the Con-
vention by which the Constitution was framed
attempts were made to give the General Govern-
ment power to interfere with the institution of
slavery. But all propositions of that kind were
rejected. Sir, the Constitution would never have
been framed, the wise principles of our fathers
would never have been embodied in the General
Government, the flag of this country would never
have waved in triumph from the dome of this Cap-
itol over this degenerate race but for the fact that
our fathers saw, when such propositions to inter-
fere with the domestic institutions of the States
were voted down, that the rights for which they
had fought, and winch had been embodied in the
organic law of the States, should never be trampled
upon by the tyranny or despotism of fanatical
power. The right to maintain the institution of
slavery was reserved to the respective States. If
you examine the Constitution to arrive at the
meaning of its framers, you will find that by that
organic law certain rights were expressly prohib-
ited to the States—among others, the right to coin
money, make treaties, grant letters of marque and
reprisal, &c. *
Why were those prohibitions expressly in-
serted, if it was believed that powers were dele-
gated to the General Government when no express
language to that effect was used ? Do I make
myself understood ? 1 ask, why did the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution declare in that
instrument that certain powers should not be ex-
ercised by the States? It was because those
powers were intended to be exclusively delegated
to the General Government; because it was the
design to endow that Government with the ex-
clusive control of those subjects, and because it
was provided in another part of that instrument
that "the powers not delegated to the United
States, nor prohibited to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively or to the people." Thus
was exhibited the object of the fiamers of the
Constitution; that they intended to guard State
lines; that they were not willing that their chil-
dren, to whom this Government should descend,
should be deprived of the benefitof those immuta-
ble principles of American liberty for the defense of
which they had resisted and defied the power of
Great Britain. Guided by an almostsuperhuman
foresight, those who framed the Constitution
stamped indelibly the landmarks for our guidance;
and among the most vital principles which they
soughtto preseive was the rightof the respective
States to the control of their own domestic institu-
tions. If slavery can be abolished by an amend-
ment of the organic law in States where it exists,
without their consent, then by the same process can
slavery be established in States where it does not
exist, and against their consent, if three quarters
of the States so decide. Was a doctrine so mon-
strous ever contemplated by the illustrious dead
who framed the organic law? Yet such was the
case, if one fourth of the States can be deprived
of their slave property by the action of the other
three fourths. •
Why, gentlemen, where are we to land if such
a constitutional amendment as is now proposed
be lawful? Look at the declaration of the plat-
form adopted at Baltimore, the platform upon
which Mr. Lincoln received the suffrages of a
majority of the American people. That platfoim
declares that slavery is the cause of the war, and
that the preservation of the national life demands
its complete extermination; and on that groundit
appiovcs, as coming within the powers of the
Constitution, the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln
abolishing slavery. If Mr. Lincoln, by the spirit
and meaning of the Constitution, was justified in
issuing that proclamation, and if it was so far valid
as to confiscate property m slaves, what is the
necessity for this amendmcntto the Constitution ?
If that proclamation abolishing slaveiy is the law
of the land, as declared by a large portion of the
people tin ough their representatives at Baltimore,
when they emphatically proclaimed to the world,
and asked the suffrages of the American people
upon the announcement, that Mr. Lincoln'« proc-
lamation was a death-blow to the institution of
slaveiy and was warranted by the Constitution,
why ask this legislation ? Ah,gentlemen,it shows
to you and it shows to me the danger of all such
interferences. Itshows that in the same way you
may by an amendment to the Constitution dcclare
the right of trial by jury abolished; that the right
of freedom from unieasonable searches shall no
longer remain; and thatthatarticle which declares
that no man shall be deprived of his life, libeity,
and property without due process of law, may
also be taken away. In like way by an amend-
ment to the Constitution you may establish an
oligarchy, a despotism, or a monaichy upon the
rums of this Republic.
I have no doubt I will be told that this is rebel-
lious talk, and that it tends to aid and comfort
the rebels. I avow here that it is my conviction
we have more to fear that our rights and liberties
