1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9m
when we bear ill mind the fact that was distinctly
and explicitly declared here on Saturday evening,
that there was no such ruling obtaining with the
Department, but that they were on the same foot-
ing, that the regular Army officers did not out-
rank the volunteers, I do not see that gentlemen
can now rise and object to it on that ground. I
trust the (intendment will prevail.
Mr. WILSON. TheSenator from New Hamp-
shire has this morning made the same complaints
against the Army that we are accustomed to hear
h?m make against the Navy. He gets up here
and arraigns the laws regulating the pay of Army
officers, and says that they are unjust and not
founded in reason. He says the officers ought
all to be paid an equal amount of money. You
might ns well pay the traveling expenses of mem-
bers of the Senate equally with just as must jus-
tice.
Mr. HALE. I have never said any such thing.
Mr. WILSON. Never said what?
Mr. HALE. Never said they ought all to be
paid equally.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator said they ought
to be paid a sum of money.
Mr. HALE. Yes, a gross sum of money.
Mr. WILSON. For what? For pay? Sup-
pose we carry that out, and pay every captain
and every lieutenant and every Army officer a
gross sum, what would be the result? One offi-
cer is ordered to Baltimore, or Philadelphia, or
New York, or some other place within a few
miles of his residence, to perform duty, and an-
other officer is ordered to Oregon or California;
will it be just to pay them the same? The pres-
ent law provides that officers shall be paid a cer-
tain amount for their traveling expenses. It is
right, it is just, and every single one of these pro-
visions is founded in equity and in justice, if
we passed a law paying the officers all alike, it
would be in the power of the Administration to
order one officer to one place where he could live
well on his salary, and lay up a little money, and
to order another to another place where he would
not get enough from the Government to pay his
expenses, and thus force him out of the Army.
In a large country like this with varied services,
the present laws are an absolute necessity, and
were not borrowed from England, but were passed
by the Congress of the United States, and adapted
to the varying changes of the Army service of
this country.
Now, sir, it is proposed by this amendment to
bring the volunteer officers up to, and not bring
the regular officers down. There is more justice
in that, but I do not see the necessity of any ac-
tion in regard to the subject. Why is it neces-
sary? These volunteer officers who have come
into the Army will in a short time go out of it
and return to civil life. The regular officers are in
the Army as their piofession (or life.
The seivice ration was founded in reason. The
Senator from Ohio tells us that there has been rapid
promotion in the regular At my. I ttlink if that
Senator will examine the facts he will find that
there has been no such rapid promotion as he sup-
poses. He will find that many men who were
captains ten years ago are now captains. He will
find that there has been no such rapid promotion;
but we have taken out of the regular Army and
made general officers of volunteers quite a num-
ber of officers, but they get no service rations.
The service ration is only allowed to colonels and
officers under that rank.
1 believe the whole effect of this measure will
be to work an injury to the service. It can do no
good whatever. 1 hope it will not be put upon
this bill, at any rate. If the Senator means to press
it, let him try to put it on some other military
. bill; hut I suggest that this appropriation bill
should be passed without it, and there will be
some other bill before us in the course of this week
to which it can be moved.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the question recurring on the original amend-
ment offered by Mr. Trumbull,
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the question now on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illinois
tins morning?
The YICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
has been voted down, and the question nowisen
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois which
was before agreed to by the Senate, but has been
reconsidered.
Mr. GRIMES. I had hoped that we could have
a distinct question on the amendment oftered this
morning by the Senator from Illinois, and 1 move
to leconsider the vote by which It was rejected.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment to th§ amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand thisamend-
ment proposed by the-Senator trom Illinois, it
does not change the law in any regard except that
it provides that every volunteer officer who en-
tered the service four years ago shall liaVe a lon-
gevity ration when he has served long enough to
entitle him to it; that is, an extra ration next year,
after he shall have been in the service five years.
I apprehend it does not change the rank of any
officers in the regular Army or in the volunteer
service; it does not take away any of the rations
of the officers of the regular Army, but it simply
gives to every volunteer officer after he has served
five years an additional ration. I thinkhe ought
to have it, and therefore I want to vote in favor
of this amendment to the amendment.
Mr. NESM1TH. On this question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted.—yeas 37, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collaml'r, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doohttle, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Il.nlan, Harris, Uencliiclo, Howard, Jotin*o . Lane ot In-
diana, Lane of Kiun.is, Mora,m, Mm rill, Ni-nnth, I'oiikmov,
Powell, Uamsev, i'lelirmUon, Riddle, i-*|inl!!tli\ Slewmt,
Sumner, 'fen Fyck, Tiutnhull, Van Winkle, Wade, vvil-
lej, Wilson, and Wucht—J5.
NAYS—Bnekalew, Cailile, Chandler, Hender-
son, Nw, Sherman, and Wilkinson—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conner, Cowan, Harding, Howe,
McDongall, and Saulsbury—G.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question now recurs on agree-
in®- to the amendment as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this amend-
ment is now limited merely to the question of
rank; and I understand if it is adopted—and if
I am wrong the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs will correct me—that General
Sherman (to take one illustration) will be placed
behind forty-eight men who are now below him,
and that General Thomas will be placed behind
all the major generals below him who were com-
missioned' between the date of his commission as
major general of volunteeis and the date of his
commission as major general in the regular_Army.
1 do not want, and 1 do not believe any Senator
here wants, the first news General Sherman, who
has shed such luster upon the American arms,
shall hear when he has opened his communica-
tions with the North to be that we have put forty-
eight over his head.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know where the idea
comes from that the adoption of this amendment
will put forty-eight men over the head of General
Sherman. .
Mr. ANTHONY. I can explain how it does
it as I understand it. He wasappomted a major
general of volunteers. He ranks all those who
were appointed major generals of volunteeis after
him. He is now appointed a major general in
the regular Army. He has surrendered his com-
mission as major general of volunteers. He takes
the commission of major general in the regular
Army, and is ranked by all the major generals
whose commissions date older than his own,
whether volunteers or regulars.
Mr. GRIMES. Now there is a very important
inquiry to be answered by the Senator trom Rhode
Island: where is the law that gives to a junior
regular officer of the Army control or jurisdic-
tion or command over a senior officer m the vol-
unteer service ? If there is not any such Jaw>
this does not affect it; and 1 apprehend the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs will
inform the Senate that there is not any such law.
i judge that the amendment which stands con-
nected with the amendment that has just been
adopted by the Senate amounts to just nothing
at all. When we shall have adopted the amend-
ment as amended, we shall have accsmphshed
just one purpose, and that is, to give volunteer
officers in the service a longevity ration; that is,
one additional ration forevery five years'service..
The original amendment reads as follows:
And he it further cnactcd. That all laws arid parts of
law*, or regulations of the War Department, which aive
additional pay or rank to the officers of the leguiar Army
over officers ot" the volunteer service of the same raak are
hereby repealed.
The person who drafted this amendment went
upon the assumption that there was some law
which gave to a junior general officer in the reg-
ular Army command over a senior volunteer
officer. There is not any such law.
Mr. TRU M BULL. There is such a regulation.
Mr. BROWN. Let me call the attention of
the Senator from Iowa to the act providing ru!e&
and regulations for the government of the Army,
article ninety-eight:
" All ofticers serving by commission from tho authority
of any particular Slate bhail on all detachments, court-
imiruals, or oilier duty wheteiu they may be employed in
conjunction witii tile regular force* of the (Jmicd States,
t.ikc rank next after ail officers of like grade ia said regu-
lar forces."
Mr. COLLAMER. General officers are not
appointed by the States.
Mr. GRIMES. As my friend from Vermont
says, that does not apply to any general officer,
and does not apply to this case at all. Then,
again, we passed a lawa year or two ago, which
auihorizes the President to select any major gen-
eral or any brigadier general, no matter what
might he the date of his commission, and put him
in command over those whose commissions were
dated anlerior to Ins own; so that it does not in-
terfere with the public service. The only effect
of the amendment, if adopted as it now stands,
will be to give the longevity ration to volunteer
officers in the sei vice, and 1 think they are entitled
to it. . .
Mr. CLAIUv. I find myself in this difficulty:
I have not sufficient knowledge upon the subject
before the Senate to act understanding^ in regard
to it, and I am not ashamed to stand here and
confess it, because where the doctors seem to dis-
agree the disciples should be free. If 1 vote for
this amendment I may do mischief. I am told
bv the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs the11 shall; that 1 shall vote for an amend-
ment which will put some forty men over General
Sherman's head, and 1 would as soon cut off my
right hand as do that. The Senator from Illinois
says it does not do it; the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says it does do it; and I say 1 do not
know. [Laughter.] i am not going to take a
step in the dailc, because I may go heels oyer
head; if 1 stand still I can stand pretty safely;
and therefore 1 am not going to vote for this
amendment. I did vote for it on Satuiday, and.
perhaps if I had information that it would not do
any harm I should vote for it again; but 1 am
not disposed to cast a vote by which I may do a
"reat deal of harm, and perhaps do no good; and
i, certainly, when these men have been fighting
so gallantly for the country, will not diminish one
iota of the rank and honor that belongs to them,
be they regulars or be they volunteers, iriaiss
and glory to them all, sir.
Mr JOHNSON, i take ltfor granted that the
chairman of the Military Committee can tell us
what the effect of the amendment will be in the
particular referred to by the Senator from New-
Hampshire. Ceitainly it must be very plainly
one way or the other.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that I can judge
of what this provision means any better than any
other member of the Senate. It repeals all laws
that make any distinction between officms of the
regular A rmy and officers of the volunteers. 1 ake
General Sherman's case. General Sherman is a
major general m the regular Army of the United
States: but it is stated that by this provision he will
beouiranked by forty-eight generals of volunteers.
1 do not know that 1 am any better judge of what
the effect of the amendment will be than any-
body else. , .
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is so, the chairman
is certainly correct in the opinion hehasgtvenus
as to the effect of this amendment. The amend-
ment, if I recollect it aright, repeals all laws and
all regulations making a distinction in rank be-
tween volunteer officers and officers of the regular
Army.
