154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
and property will be taken away by the despotic
usurpations of the abolition party than from the
acts of Jeff. Davis or the confederate government,
and I am here to-day to enter my protest against
the high-handed acts of the Administration. Al-
though I have not heretofore taken up much time
of the House by the discussion of these topics,
still I have not ceased to enter my protest against
those acts to which I have referred. I protest
against them as a citizen of the United States,
and as a citizen of the gallant State of New Jer-
sey, which has clung to the Constitution of the
United States as the ligament of the Union, a
State whose brave sons in thousands have gone
from her hills and her valleys and laid down their
lives a willing sacrifice for their country; a State
which has always been true to the Constitution
and the Union,and which,! thank God, has never
yet cast her vote in favor of the wild fanaticism
of abolition which has run riot all over this land.
I have already shown that the organic law pro-
vides that taxation and representation of the
country shall in part depend upon the number of
slaves. In other words, it is declared that slaves
shall constitute a part of the population which is
to be represented in Congress. If this amend-
ment be passed, that portion of the Constitution
will still remain. If I understand correctly,
there is no intention on the part of this Con-
gress to interfere with that portion of the Con-
stitution. The Constitution, then, will provide
that taxation and representation shall be accord-
ing to a certain number of these slaves. You
make no provision for making these emancipated
slaves citizens of the United States, or giving
them any power in the sovereignty of a State.
You do not change their political condition. How
then can they be represented as provided by the
the Constitution? What a strange anomaly shall
we then have—the Constitution providing that
they shall be represented when they are not really
represented! If this be passed I tell you that it
wiil be the last act in the dissolution of the Union,
for the southern people can never be expected to
come back and with bended knees bow down to
the imperial dignity of this Administration as
serfs and slaves.
I want the Union restored. 1 want the Union
as it was made for us by our fathers. I want the
Union which was made by the patriots, the states-
men, the brave men of the times that tried men's
souls. I want.the Union which protects the lib-
erties of white men and women. I want the
Union that has given us peace and prosperity and
grandeur such as never before belonged to any
nation in the world. But I tell you that we can
only have such a Union by adhering to the im-
mutable rights of all the States. The Union is
the only condition of peace; we ask no more. If
you love the Union as much as I do, if you want
the Union restored, let it be known that it shall
be restored with ail the rights and privileges that
came down to us from our ancestors. I repeat
what General McCleilan said, " The Union is the
one condition of peace; we ask no more." We
want to preserve the blood of this nation. We
love our country, and we cannot afford to make
war upon the people of one section for the pur-
pose of carrying out any frenzy or false philan-
thropy of those who have undertaken to recog-
nize that doctrine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of New York,obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. PRUYN, who said: I wish simply to
make a statement to the House with reference to
this question, without entering into a discussion
of its merits.
When this subject came up at the lastsession,
I stated my views somewhat at length in regard
to it. My position then was substantially that
under the power to amend the Constitution we
could not interfere with or take away the reserved
rights of Uie States. I do notnow propose todis-
cuss the subject of slavery in any way; I did not
then. I look upon the question before us simply
as one of power, and it is immaterial m this view
whether it relates to slavery, to the marital rela-
tion, to the Jaws of descent, or to any other of
the subjects over which the State governments
have entire control. I then remarked that if gen-
tlemen would look at the debates of the State con-
veniens which passed upon the adoption of the
Constitution of the United States, they would
clearly see that that instrument would never have
been ratified had it been supposed by the States
that under the power to amend their reserved
rights mightone by one be swept away. This is
the first time in our history in which an attempt
of this kind has been made, and should it be suc-
cessful it wiil, in my judgment, bean alarming in-
vasion of the principles of the Constitution.
1 have only to say in addition, that further in-
vestigation has confirmed the views I before ex-
pressed, and I cannot therefore vote in favor of
this proposition, believing the subject to be one
not legitimately within our jurisdiction. If it be
asked what then can be done, I answer, leave
the matter with the States, where it belongs, or
obtain a supplementary article to the Constitution,
not as an amendment, but as the grant of a new
power based on the consent of all the Statesf<ts the
Constitution itself is.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
did not intend to trespass upon the time of this
House during the discussion of this bill, but I
have heard from the lips of two or three gentle-
men whose views have been expressed here sen-
timents which are not in accordance with my
own, and I think it due to myself and to my con-
stituents that I should place upon record the sen-
timents which will control my action and determ-
ine my vote. Having lived more than half a
century, I have never, until this morning under-
stood to its full and perfect extent the definition
of civil liberty. I find, by the commentary of the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] that
civil liberty consists in the right of one people to
enslave another people to whom nature has given
equal rights of freedom. Sir, civil liberty, in my
judgment, has no such interpretation, no such
meaning; and no man who regards himself as
made in the image of his IV^aker, solely respon-
sible to his Maker for. his thoughts and actions,
can recognize a sentiment which lowers him in
his own estimation, in the estimation of Heaven,
and before the face of the whole world. Nature
made all men free, and entitled them to equal
rights before the law; and this Government of
ours must stand upon this principle, which, sooner
or later, will be recognized throughout the civil-
ized world.
But we are told, while assertingthis principle of
legal or civil equality, that we are violating the
fundamental principle of the Constitution under
which we live, by the measure now under con-
sideration. I can see no such violation, and
even if there were a technical violence done to the
letter of the Constitution I should hold it defensi-
ble for the purpose of preserving the life and the
power of the Republic which our fathers framed
for the perpetuation of civil liberty.
As I understand it, our Constitution wasframed
and the Government organized for the purpose of
perpetuating the blessings of liberty to all in pres-
ent and in future times. That Constitution pro-
vided the mode of its amendment, and the power
of amendment was restricted in two points alone."
The one was in reference to the importation of
" persons'* or slaves, before the year 1808; and
the other was in restriction of the power of the
people to reduce the senatorial representation of
any State without its consent; all else was left
to the future, determination and judgment of the
people of the United States, as a united, aggre-
gate, and sovereign nation.
What powers, sir, were in the purview of those
who framed the Constitution and of those by
whose votes it was adopted? If gentlemen will
rise from the narrow and restricted interpretation
of the text to the magnificence of the exordium
by which our fathers in that Constitution an-
nounced the formation of a republican Govern-
ment founded on the principles of equality and
justice, they will find that the people of the United
States, in order to form a more perfect union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
themselves and their posterity, ordained and
established ourConstitution and the Government
of the Union. These were the greatand cardinal
purposes for which the Government was framed.
Liberty, that civil and religious liberty which was
so clearly and beautifully defined in the Declara-
tion of Independence, and which,in the language
of that Declaration, had been proclaimed to the
world as the inalienable inheritance of every man,
gave vitality to the Constitution and the Govern-
ment which by it was called into life. The unfor-
tunate restriction which then existed in our land
upon universal freedom, in the form of African sla-
very, was regarded as temporary in its chaiacter
and as tolerable only by reason of the exigencies
of the hour. Our fathers predicted that the time
would soon come when the interests of the coun-
try would demand thatslavery should pass away.
Jefferson predicted it, Washington prayed for it,
and all the great men of that great age believed
that the stain of African slavery would soon cease
from the land.
But, sir, as years rolled on, slavery, once re-
garded as a crime and a curse, became to the
South a profitable institution. The acquisition
of new territories adapted to slave labor, and the
increased value of cotton arising from the inven-
tion of Whitney, have rendered it for the interest
of the South to maintain slave labor which cap-
ital might own and which avarice might control.
Interest, individual interest, bound up in the
" almighty dollar," has lent its support to an in-
stitution which in its origin was forced upon an
unwilling people by the imperial power and cu-
pidity of England; and upon that institution has
grown up a caste, an aristocracy, based upon the
ownership of labor, of sinews, bones, and blood
entirely inconsistent with republican government
and republican institutions. It is this power thus
grafted upon and maintained by slavery which
has undertaken to overthrow this Government.
The honorable gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] has just told us that the interference
of northern men with slavery has been the cause
of the existing war. History repudiates and de-
nies the declaration. This war sprang from the
aristocracy of the South in an effort to maintain
and to extend a system of servitude on which
alone that aristocracy could be perpetuated. For
the last thirty years this sentiment has been pub-
licly and repeatedly proclaimed by leading south-
ern statesmen, and their most influential legislators
long since declared that in view of the vast in-
crease of wealth and population in the free States,
culminating, as finally it would, in political as-
cendency, the preservation of aristocracy and of
slaveiy which supported it dictated a dissolution
of the ties which bound the southern States to the
Federal Union.
This war was conceived more than thirty years
ago, and John C. Calhoun was present at us con-
ception; and yet we are told to-day that this war
was sprung upon us by the action of the northern
abolitionists, and by men interfering with the
rights of the southern States. I tell the honorable
gentleman from New Jersey that this Govern-
ment as such never laid its hand upon, the in-
stitution of slavery. On the other hand, it has
yielded, and the people of the North have yielded
year after year, and time after time, to the de-
mands of this slave power in order to promote
peace throughout our borders. I could go on for
hours enumerating the concessions which have
been made to this power of slavery; and yet the
South has never been satisfied. Were we of the
North responsible for this war? No, sir; the
South commenced it without cause, and com-
menced it while they had control of this Govern-
ment from its head to its foot; while every de-
partment was in their power, and while thpy,
through their public men, admitted that it was
beyond the power of this Government for the
next four years to interfere with the institution
of slavery.
Sir, this war was not commenced by the South
for the purpose of protecting the rights guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution. It was prose-
cuted for the purpose of taking away rights se-
cured by that Constitution to the people of the
whole country. And when they attempted to
overthrow that beneficent Government of our
fathers, I, for one, who had for twenty-five years,
in every place where my voice could be raised,
defended, so far as I could, what I regarded as the
constitutional rights of our southern brethren; I,
who had denounced the extreme northern senti-
ment on this subject, made up my mind that if
the South could voluntarily make war on this Gov-
ernment for their institutions and to overthrow
ours, it was my duty, as an American citizen, to
