158
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
strutted to inquire if any furtherlegislation is necessary to
enable the President ot the United States to call an extra
session of Oongre&s, (to meet iho necessities of any pub-
lic emergency,) without the delay of giving sixty days'
notice to the members-elect.
CONDITION OF THE INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 89) directing inquiry into the
condition of the Indian tribes and their treatment
by the civil and military authorities; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not ask to have this
resolution passed upon now, but simply to have
it referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 1
have had placed in my hands an extract from a
letter written by Major Calley, an Indian agent
in Colorado, a gentleman formerly from the State
of Wisconsin, whom 1 know very well, and in
whose statements I place great confidence, and it
brings to light a transaction that has lately oc-
curred in Colorado, which, if it be true,as he has
stated it to have occurred, makes one's blood
almost chill and freeze with horror. He says,
under date of December 20, 1864:
"1 was in hopes our Indian troubles were over. I had
two hundred and fifty lodges near tins place under my pro-
tection and that of Fort Lyon. All the chiefs and their
families were in camp and doing all they could to protect
the whiles and keep the peace, when Colonel Chivmgton
marched from Denver, surprised the village, killed one half
of them, all the women and children, and then returned to
Denver. Few if any white men can now live if an Indian
can kill them.
u Fort Lyon is on the direct road from the States to Santa
F£, and the commerce of the plains is millions each year.
Chivmgton look six hundred ponies, which were loaded
down with plunder, on his return."
I do not vouch for the correctness of this state-
ment, but I have so much confidence in this Major
Calley that I think it is a case which ought to be
examined; and I have drawn a joint resolution
with a view not only to examine into this, but
also to examine into other cases which are brought
to our notice, with power in the committee to be
raised to send for persons and papers. 1 now
simply ask that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs for their consideration before 1
press action in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
MliSSAGK FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, us Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 644) to
extend to certain persons in the employ of the
Government the benefits of the Asylum for the
Insane in the District of Columbia.
ENROLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice IVesident:
A bill (S. No. 3G7) to repeal the provision of
law requiring ecitain regents of the Smithsonian
Institution to be members of the National Insti-
tute; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) tendering
the thanks of the people and of Congress to Major
General William T. Sherman and the officers and
soldiers of his command for their gallant conduct
in their late brilliant movement through Georgia.
IIOUSK BILL KliFEKIUSl).
The hill (H. R. No. 644) to extend to certain
persons in the employ of the Government the
benefits of the Asyluift for the Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, was lead twice by its title, and
referied to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
FREEDOM OF SOLDIERS* FAMILIES.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no further morn-
ing business, I move that the Senate now proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 82) to encourage enlistments and to promote
the efficiency of the military forces of the United
States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
Mr. SAULSBUUY. Mr. President, it was
my intention when this resolution was before the
Senate the other day, to enter into its discussion
somewhat at length. I shall not, however, on
this occasion do so, because I think 1 observe a
disposition on the part of the friends of the meas-
ure not to argue it, but to pass it. They have
the power to pass it, and no argument which I
can make, I am sure, can cause them to pause in
a work which they believe the public good re-
quires.
The first question which naturally suggests
itself to my mind, however, is, what good can
result from the adoption of this measure ? What
necessity is there for it? The resolution purports
to be "a resolution to encourage enlistments in
the Army of the United States, and to promote
the efficiency of the military forces of the United
States." How can this resolution accomplish
the purposes which its friends say it is intended
to subserve ? 1 thought that the Executive of the
United States, and the Congress of the United
States, assuming to have complete jurisdiction
over the subject of slavery throughout the length
and breadth of this land, had already set nearly
all the slaves free. The President of the United
States has assumed, although his armies may
not have visited any particular location, to setall
the slaves free by proclamation, and he has in-
vited to the Federal standard every slave in the
United States, whether his Army has been able
to rcach that slave or not. It cannot be supposed
that the passage of this resolution can have any
practical effect where the armies of the United
States do not go. If it can have any practical
effect at all, it must be m the States of Kentucky
and Missouri, and to some little extent in the
State which 1 in part represent on this floor.
But, sir, does any Senator acquainted with the
state of affairs in eitherof those States, or any of
them, suppose that the passage of this resolution
can contribute to the efficiency of the Army?
Why, sir, there is not a slave within the limits of
any border State now who is not as perfectly free
as any member of this body. Let one of them
attempt to escape from slavery, and let that fact
be brought to theattention of those intrusted with
the military operations of the Government, and
there is no master who will attempt to reclaim him;
there is no master who to-day has the power to
reclaim him. If, in the State in which I reside an
attempt was made to prevent a slave from run-
ning away, it would be considered an act of great
disloyalty to the Governmentof the United States,
and many patriots would rise up and give infor-
mation of the fact to the power at the other end of
the avenue. Many persons who never owned a
slave themselves, thinking that some enemy of the
country was in their midst striving to deprive a
free-born citizen, or if not free born, a person
who should have been free born, of a God-given
right, would neither eat nor sleep until they had
advised the authorities that such a dangerous per-
son was in their midst.
I presume the same state of affairs exists in
the State of Kentucky and in the State of Mis-
souri. Indeed, before the mock election in the
Suite of Maryland was held, and before a con-
stitution was forced upon her unwilling people,
1 saw with my own eyes while traveling in the
lower counties of that State, many slaves rush-
ing to the river side to get on board the steam-
boats in charge of persons m the Army of the
United States, and I saw no master daring to pre-
vent the cscape of his slaves.
Then, sir, having military possession of every
border Stare where slaves exist, and such being
the state of facts in those States, can any Senator
tell me where is the particular necessity of a meas-
ure of this kind to promote the efficiency of the
Army of the United States or for any other pur-
pose whatever? Mr. President, it is not worth
while to disguise the fact or to blink it. This
resolution, while it is entitled "A resolution to
promote the efficiency of the Army of the United
States,'5 has an object wholly independent of its
name. While I impute no improper motives to
honorable Senators, because I must suppose they
think they arc serving not only their fellow-men but
their God upon all occasions by introducing meas-
ures of this kind; while I grantyou that they are
perfectly conscientious, yet it is an unwise spe-
cies of legislation to have one professed object to
accomplish, and to bring in a bill with a name
and title calculated to promote that object, when
in fact perhaps the real motive is unlike that which
is avowed.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] this
morning, in the same spirit of practical and unf> 
versal benevolence, introduced a resolution the
objpet of which I think I saw, and which 1 think
the honorable Senator will avow. He cannot wait
until his two thirds of the members of the next
House of Representatives shall come to their seats
to pass a measure in reference to a favorite object
with him, but he introduced this morning into the
Senate of the United States, and it passed sub silen-
tio, a resolution of inquiry whether there is any-
further legislation necessary to enable the Presi-
dent to call an extra session of Congress without
sixty days' notice, thus to anticipate the meeting
of the next Congress at the period prescribed by
the Constitution. What does it mean ? This con*
stitutional amendment; that is the object of it, I
presume; and if I do the honorable Senator in-
justice I beg his pardon, because that is not my
intention.
But, sir, while it is now very clear that we are
to have an extra session of Congress, provided
the House of Representatives do not adopt this
constitutional amendment, yet some of the friends
of all races and all classes cannot wait until such
an amendment can be made under what they sup-
pose will be a constitutional exercise of power,
but which, as far as I am concerned, I think will
be a wholly unconstitutional exorcise of power.
While that measure is to be forced upon the at-
tention of Congress at a very early day, some
gentlemen cannot wait, but they must give uni-
versal freedom now. Where is the power, Mr.
President? Where do you get it? What right has
the Congress of the United States to declare a slave
in my State or a slave in any other slaveholding
State free? It has been said that it derived the power
fiom the absolute necessity of the case in the first
instance; and secondly, from intrinsic justice and
humanity; and we, in the midst of a giganticcivil
war, are to determine our power, not from the
written Constitution of the land, but from intrin-
sic humanity and from absolute necessity, and
every individual member of either House of Con-
gress is to vote, not according to the Constitution
which he has sworn to support, but according to
his vague ideas of intrinsic humanity and absolute
necessity! Where are you when you attempt
legislation of this kind? Who defines the limit
of legislative authority? Who can accurately
tell me what is " intrinsic humanity" and what
is "absolute necessity?" Why, sir, a measure
of this kind, when viewed in the lighto^ intrinsic
humanity, is, and will be, one of the most inhu-
man e measures thatcould be adopted by the Con-
gress of the United States.
Why do 1 say so ? I prefer to look at a ques-
tion of this kind in the light of ascertained facts.
Fortunately I have handed to me by a distinguished
gentleman of this city a letter addressed to a warm
bosom and political friend of the President of the
United States, showing the character of a propo-
sition of this kind, and the results to which it has
led where the humanity of persons who have never
been in the midst of slavery is invoked in behalf
of the slave. Sir, you unmake and destroy by
hundreds and thousands those whom by your le-
gislation you profess to serve. Listen to an ex-
tract from the letter of a distinguished gentleman
in New Orleans to a personal and political friend
of the President in reference to this matter:
A few days a«o I was shown an official report to the
mitltary head of this department, Gener.il Banks, exhibit-
ing the ghastly return of eighty thousand slaves having
perished since the Federal occupation of the smaller moi-
ety of this Commonwealth. TIim is equal to filty percent,
ot the entire slave population of the section of country
embraced in the return."
Sir, that is the blessing which your legislation
brings, or proposes to bring. That is the kind
of blessings which a proclamation of universal
freedom brings to the slave. You take him from
a happy and contented home, enjoying all the
necessaries oflife, and you invoke the " pestilence
thatwalketh in darkness, and the destruction that
wasteth at noonday/5 to deprive him of existence.
But, sir, it has been said in reference to the
question of power that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States have the same authority to declare the
wives and children of negro soldiers free that they
had to declare the enfranchisement of the negro
soldier. The power to declare even the enfran-
chisement of the negro soldier has not, so far as
this debate is concerned, been attempted to be
shown; but the remark has been made that Con-
gress has assumed to do it, and I presume, having
