924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,'
Indians, and he made an allowance in which he as-
sumed to give them a share of the money annui-
ties, and nothing else; but when he figured up the !
amount of those annuities he made the mistake
of omitting seveial of the treaties which were then
in existence, and under which the Indians that
remained.in Michigan had just as much right to
receive their shara as they had under the treaties
under which he did give them a share of the an-
nuities.
The committee of the House of Representatives
in looking to this matter thought proper to allow
to these Indians in Michigan not only their share
of the money annuities, but their share of the pro-
ceeds of the five million acres west of the Mis-
sissippi, and also a share in the school fund, and
in the mill fund, which was set apart for the bene-
fit of the tribe in its new home west of the Mis-
sissippi. The committee of the Senate thought
this was unjust to the Indians west of the Mis- j
sissippi. These Indians in Michigan have re-
mained there unaffected; they have had the ben-
efit of the commercial advantages of Michigan,
the mills of Michigan, the agriculture of Mich-
igan, the schools of Michigan, and many of
them arc citizens of Michigan, and are very re-
spectable farmers, as i am told, in the State of
Michigan. The committee of the Senate, there- \
fore, propose to reduce the appropriation from
0192,000 lo fifty thousand and odd dollais, confin-
ing the Indians in Michigan to their share of the
money annuities, insisting on our part that they,
by choosing to remain in Michigan, so far de- ,j
tached themselves from the fortunes and thedes- ,j
tiny of the main tribe that they had no right to i
share m the lands, or the school fund, or the mill
fund which were to establish the tribe in their •
i.ew home west of the Mississippi. That was .
substantially the ground on which we made our I
icport. |
We propose to make the payment in five an- |
nual installments, because we cannot pay it all in j
one year out of the funds of the Indians west; or
if we should do so the effect would be to leave them
without any thing to support themselves. So we
propose to deduct from their annuities one fifth j!
each year of this amount for the putpose of pay- ji
ing the Indians in Michigan. I think the com- '!
mittee are riirht. i!
Mr. LAINE,of Kansas. Since this jointreso- !j
Union was reported from the Committee on In- j
dian Affairs there has been an argument sub- i
mined to the Senate in behalf of the Kansas In- H
dians, showing conclusively, in my opinion, that !'j
there is but a very small amount of money, two .
or three thousand dollars, due fiom the Kansas
Indians to the Michigan Indians. That thts ar- 1
gument and the facts in support of this position ;
may be investigated by the Committee on Indian •
Affairs, and that a delegation that is now heie '
from the Kansas Indians may have an oppor- ;
tunny of being heard, 1 move that the joint reso- j
lution be recommitted to the Committee on In- !
dic«n Affairs. j
Air. HOWARD. I hope this reference will
not be made, i hope the Senate will proceed '
with the final consideration of this resolution for
the relief of the Michigan Indians. It has been !|
pending before the appropriate committee of this ■[
body for nearly a year, and I am qaite satisfied |
from the attention I have been able to fcive the i
subject that that committee, certainly with every '!
desire to do justice to the Indians m my State,
have in their leport which is now before us fallen I1
a good deal short of that justice which would be !j
rendered to the Michigan Indians if they could j
prosecute the claim in a court of equity. Still I
am not disposed to have any contioversy with |i
the committee in regard to the amount winch 'i
they have repotted, and I shall support the amend- :i
merit which has come fiom the committee. ;j
I did not understand the honorable Senator !'
from Kansas when he made a remark that some ;j
lecent evidence had been discovered. There was '!
some confusion in the Hall at that moment. I i;
should hke to understand from him what that ']
newly-discovered evidence is to show that the ,j
amount proposed to be allowed is so vastly ex- !{
orbitant. I would thank him to restate his propo- i;
sition. 1!
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Kansas Indians !!
have bfpn unrepresented during the present s^s-
oion while this question has been pending before I
the Committee on Indian Affairs, jj
Mr. HOWARD. It was the new evidence
that I was anxious to hear about.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am about to state
that 
Mr. HOWARD. I did not ask for a new
speech.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not in the habit
of inflicting on the Senate new speeches or very
long ones. I was about to state that since this re-
port was submitted to the Senate by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, an attorney acting for the
Kansas Indians has presented and laid upon the
desks of Senators an argumentand facts that con-
clusively show to my mind that the amount re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs is
a great deal larger than is due from the Kansas to
the Michigan Indians. It shows that theie are but
some three or four thousand dollars due from the
Kansas Indians to the Michigan Indians instead
of fifty or fifty-one thousand, as reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. I take it for granted that the
Indian Bureau, who have given this subject their
minute and careful attention, have discovered all
the payments that have been made to the Michi-
gan Indians, and that they understand as well as
any person can understand what is justly due to
them. The joint resolution, as it came from the
House ofRepresentatives,appropriating §192,000,
was, I btlifve, founded upon a report or state-
ment emanating from the Indian Bureau. The
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate have
seen fit to cut that amount down to $50,000, for
reasons satisfactory doubtless to their own minds.
I do not find any fault with that, but I must pre-
sume abo that the Committee on Indian Affairs
of the Senate have had as ample opportunities to
ascertain all the facts of the case as my honorable
triend from Kansas has. If he has had any new
revelations on the subject recently, or within the
last week or ten days, why has he not made a mo-
tion CD recommit this resolution to the same com-
mittee for the very purpose of having a reinvesti-
gation ? And stril I beiieve he has not made any
such motion, Of course I do not intend to con-
trovert his statement that he has discovered evi-
dence which is satisfactory to his mind 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan allow me to say a word?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This lesolution was passed
by the House of Representatives in March last,
almost a year ago, and the Committee on Indian
Affairs have had both written and printed argu-
ments on both sides of the question by men as-
suming to act as agents or attorneys for both the
Michigan Indians and the Kansas Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. So I supposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Air. Clark has presented
his argument in favor of the Michigan claim, and
Mr. Brackm ridge has presented his argument both
in written and printed form against the claim, in
behalf of tne Kansas Indians. It is a question
that the Committee on Indian Affairs have care-
fully considered. I have sometimes thought that
the questions sent to that committee are the most
troublesome of all the questions that come before
the Senate. Each case always stands by itself,
and we have to do the best we can. Here the
Michigan Indians, on the one hand, claimed
$192,000, and the Kansas Indians, on the other
hand, alleged that there was nothing due. We
have looked the matter over and airived at the
best possible result we could; and we think the
resolution as it stands, with the amendments we
piopose, had better be passed by the Senate now,
and not be lecommitted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin whether the statement
I made that an argument on behalf of the Kansas
Indians has been printed and laid on the desk of
Senators since this report was made by the com-
mittee, is not true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe it is true, and I
suppose Senators have probably read that argu-
ment. °
Mr. HOWARD. I can only say for myself
that I have given to this subject my best attention;
I have ransacked all the treaties which are in-
volved in the question, and have read as carefully
as I was able to do all the reports of a date anterior
lo the pieserit time, and I am entirely satisfied
that the Michigan Indians are really entitled to a
very iur^e allowance out of the annuities which I
; have been paid heretofore to the Kansas Indians.
: As 1 said before, I think the amount embraced in
the report of the Committee on Indian Affairs ia
' not quite sufficient, but 1 shall not find fault with
1 that. That there is a large amount due to the
Michigan Indians is as certain to my mind as any
[ fact can be. I hope, therefore, the subject will not
, be recommitted.
: Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to the Senator from
1 Kansas whether it would not be well for him to
1 withdraw this motion, and allow the vote to be
, taken on the amendment proposed by the Com-
\ mittee on Indian Affairs, and that being disposed
j of I shall be enabled to offeran amendment which
I hope will meet his approbation. If the Senate
shall not adopt the amendment that I intend to
' propose, I will then vote with him for a recom-
mittal. I may state too, while 1 am on the floor,
: that 1 do not agree with the majority of the Com-
mittee on Indian Alfairs in their impart, nor with
: the statement mode by the Senator from Michi-
gan. I do not think there is a dollar due these
Indians of Michigan under the treaty,
i Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
! Michigan is largely in error when he says that
the joint resolution as it came from the House
; of Representat! ves was predicated upon the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. The fact
j is that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs re-
ported a basis of settlement making the amount
due less than §100,000, about ^90,000 I think,
while the House resolution proposed to take from
the Kansas Indians $192,000.
: 1 withdraw the motion to recommit for the
; present, on the suggestion of the Senator from
, Iowa, so as to let the vote be taken on the amend-
ment of the committee, with the understanding
, that the Senator from Iowa shall propose his
amendment as an amendment to the amendment
of the committee. Is that what lie intends?
Air. HARLAN. I propose, after the amend-
ments of the committee shall have been acted on,
to offer an amendment striking out all that will
• have been inserted, and inserting what I shall
■ then send to the Chair.
■ Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Why not offer the
' amendment as a substitute for the pending amend-
I ment?
Air. HARLAN. That would not be in order.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion to recommit is with-
drawn, and the question recurs on agreeing to the
fitst amendment of the Committee on Indian**"
Affairs, which lias been read.
| The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment was to insert the word
j " equitably" before " belonged" m hue fourteen,
j The amendment was agreed to.
! The next amendment was to strike out the
words "such payment to be made" in line stx-
. teen.
i The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in lines
sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen the woids "stocks
now in the possession or under the control of the
United States Government belonging," and to
insert in lieu of them " annually payable."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended rends as fol-
lows:
liesohe'l.fyc*, That the Secretary of the Interior be. and
he i« hereby, directed and required to p.tv to the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians r« --sdifui in Michigan,
the fum ot $50,927 50. in five equal annual payments of
So 50 eaeb. to be paid to them pto rota, <?everally, in the
State of Michigan, by the Indian ajjeut appointed 'tor that
State, being the amount of anmnfn"- and mom ys ertone-
ou«!y p.nd to the man) tribe-, ot xud Chippewa, Ottan a, and
Pottawatomie Indian-.(or Pottawatomie nation oflmhnns.)
which equitably belonged lo Uir portions ol'-aid tubes re-
siding in the State < f M ichs^un. out os a in- moneys or annu-
ities annually payable to the said Chippewa, Ottawa, and
Pottawatomie Indians, or Pottawatomie nation ot Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I now propose to amend the
joint resolution by striking out all after the word
" required" in the fourth line to the end and in-
serting the following:
To place the names ot the Chippewa, the Ottawa, and the
Pottawatomie Indians leading in the State of Michigan,
on the pay roll.* of thf Pottawatomie nation of Indians, and
from and after the passage of this resolution to pay annually
to eacbo! v.tid Indians residing m the rftate ot Michigan lua
or her full and « quit.ibh- proportion of all annuities payable
m money to said Potuwatomi>* nation of J ndian-5 umlerany
law ol the (Tinted states, or by virtue of any treaty made
between the timed States and the said Chippewa, Ottawa,
and Pottawatomie iadian?, or any ot them.
