160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
sincerely entertain, because I believe that if this
policy be continued, if this species of legislation
be persisted in, the man is not a member of this
body, the child is scarcely born, who will ever see
a peaceful icsult grow out of our distractions.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to amend the resolu-
tion by sinking out in line six, after the word
" person," the words " that has been or," and
inserting the word " who," and after the word
" be" in that line inserting " hereafter;" so as to
make it read:
The wife and children, if any he have, of any person
w]io may be hereafter mustered into the military or naval
service of' the United States, shall, from and after the pas-
sage of this act, be forever free.
I regard the resolution as unconstitutional, and
that it will be utterly null and void if passed. In
my opinion, it will not be worth the paper upon
which it is printed. I do not hesitate to express
my opinion that any court of any intelligence or
independence of principle and action would declare
it unconstitutional and inoperative; nevertheless
I propose this amendment that the resolution may
be in harmony with its professed object. That
object is to promote enlistments. Of course, to
make it operate on enlistments that have hereto-
fore taken place cannot give it any effect to pro-
mote enlistments. I piopose, therefore, by the
amendment which I offer, to confine its operation
to the future, to make it prospective, and to give
it that degree of vitality and efficacy which those
who support it profess to have in view in offering
it. I shall vote for the amendment; but whether
the amendment be adopted or not, believing as 1
believe that the main proposition is a most fiugi ant
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
I shall not hesitate to vote against it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment offered
by the Senator from Kentucky will not be, agreed
to. I do not propose to detain the Senate for
more than a moment; but it is well known that
we now have in our Army many of these sol-
diers, black men who were slaves, who have
been biought into thearmies of the United States,
and who have proved themselves very efficient
soldiers generally. These men are annoyed con-
tinually by the repoits and by the knowledge
that they have left their wives and childien at
home slaves subject to the control of masters, if
we set fiee the wives and children of these sol-
diers,as is proposed by this resolution, we leave
them more free to fight the battles of the country,
and without much concern for their wives and
childien they have left behind them.
The resolution is for the purpose of promoting
the efficiency of the Army, not entirely for bring-
ing new soldiers into the Army, but for the pur-
pose of promoting the efficiency of the soldiers
alteady in the Aimy. Ilence I hope that the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky will
nofbe agreed to, and that we shall not only set
free the wives and children of soldiers who may
hereafter be enlisted, but the wives and childien
of those who have already gone into the service
of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. If this measure shall prevail, it
ought to be added to in this lespect: those who
puss such a mcaauie should in all humanity and
justice make provision for the support of the he-
mi's that if will emancipate. Take the case of a
sia\e who has already enlisted in the military ser-
vice of the United States, having a wife and five
or six helpless children. By the laws of the States
in which that wife and those children are held as
property, the owneis of those slaves are bound to
support them; it is their legal obligation and
duty, and there are remedial legal measures by
which they may be made to petfonn that duty
of justice and humanity. What, however, will
be the effect of this measure if it be passed? It
will wrest from the owners of the slaves these
helpless wives and children, and of course relieve
their owneis from the obligation to support them.
What, then, is to become of the negro wife for
whom tins mock sympathy is expressed? What,
then, is to become ot the helpless children who
are too young and altogether unable to support
themselves? Sir, to support a negro woman and
three or four children is a matter of considerable
cost and expense. Any man who owns that sort
of property knows it. lknowit. Notwithstand-
ing the charge it is upon the owners, they feel the
obligation of humanity and justice to those who
occupy that relationship to tiicm,to make a com-
fortable support to those helpless beings who are
unable to support themselves. This measure of
justice and humanity in favor of which such a cry
is raised, will just leave this helpless population
without any means of support whatever. If my
principle, my sense of justice, my sense of human-
ity to the slave urged me to vote for siich a meas-
ure, they would urge me to offeramendments to it;
they would urge me to offera proposition by which
the Government should assume that burden and
that cost from which this Government would re-
lieve the owner of the wife and children; they
would urge me to propose to the Senate that the
cost of supporting these helpless beings should be
undei taken by the Government itself.
Sir, this is the first time I have ever ventured to
utter a voice in the name of humanity in the Sen-
ate ; but in the name of humanity, humanity to a
degraded and helpless race of beings who are un-
able to support themselves, I protest that they shall
not be deprived of the support which their masters
and owners are bound by the laws to afford to
them, and that they shall not be thrown helpless
upon the world without any means of supporting
themselves. If you intend to assume the offices of
sacred humanity and justice, if that is the real mo-
tive which animates you, if you want to encouiage
enlistments among the male negro population of
the country, do not reduce their families to utter
destitution and starvation, as would be the effect of
a measure like this in many such cases. If you in-
tend severing the relation between the negro wife
and children and their owner, and to relieve the
owner from his obligation to support them com-
fortably, do not leave them altogether without
such suppoit, but afford it yourselves. I would
vote, as an amendment to this lesolution, for a
provision that would secure this support. I would,
however, still vote against the measure itself, be-
cause 1 believe that Congress is utterly incompe-
tent to pass it. But if the majority entertain a
different opinion on this point, and believe that
they possess the constitutional power, they ought
to exercise that power in accordance with the dic-
tates of humanity, and they ought themselves to
substitute a suppoi t for thatof which they deprive
this helpless class of beings by this form of legis-
lation.
M r. POiMEROY. I am very willing to vote
on this question, and would be glad to vote now.
I do not intend to occupy the time of the Senate,
for 1 desire very much to have an opportunity of
reaching the vote at some time, and i hope it will
be taken as early as possible. I only rise now to
say that I have noticed that men who are arguing
in the interest of slavery always resist emancipa-
tion until the very last moment, and then when
the moment comes they say it would be a gieat
relief to the owners of this property to get rid of
it, that it cannot take care of itself, and humanity
comes in and pleads that some appropt iation may
be made to support this class of individuals, who
are so helpless and so inefficient and so worthless.
1 remember that when the proposition to fiee the
slaves in this District was before the Senate some
three years ago, it was then uiged that if we abol-
ished slavery m the District we should have to
eieet large poor-houses or places where they could
be gathered in and supported at public, expense.
The bill was passed, however; the District be-
came free; and 1 have not been called upon—I do
not know if any one has been—to vote for any
appropriation to pay for any increased number of
paupers that has resulted from emancipation m
the District. I think these individuals can take
care of themselves measurably in the States as
they have done in the District. The class of
persons in the slave States who are helpless are
the poor whites, who have suffered the loss of all
things excepting, pet haps, their personal freedom
and liberty; and if such a measure as has been
suggested by the Senator from Kentucky could
be brought in for their relief it might be well to
consider it. But I have seen the effect of abolish-
ing slavery in this District,and on the bordcts of
Missouri where I live, and I have not yet seen
any necessity arising for any public appropiia-
tion to take care of any paupers that were the
result of emancipation. These people have a
wonderful facility for taking care of themselves
and adapting themselves to any condition. I shall
for one vote with a great deal of pleasure for the
passage of this bill without the amendment. My
only wish on the subject is that the measure in-
troduced by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Brown] could be biought before the Senate in-
stead of this. That Senator, at the last session,
intioduced a bill which strikes at the root of this
poison-tree which has sent its shadows over the
country. If that measure could be brought before
the Senate instead of this we should.not have to
begin by lopping off branches; we should not
have to begin with bills like this abolishing sla-
very inch by inch. The measure of the Senator
from Missouri, if it could be substituted for this,
would put an end, in my opinion, to our tempo-
rizing policy and to the abolition of slavery in
one district after another by piecemeal. I much
prefer his measure to this, but I shall vote for
this.
Mr. BROWN. 1 will state in response to the
remark of the Senator from Kansas that I pur-
pose bringing up the measure introduced by me
at the last session, for a vote at this session at a
subsequent time, but 1 do notdesne to antagonize
it at the present time with the measiTre that has
been introduced by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.] That is the only reason
why I prefer to take a separate vote on the sepa-
rate propositions. I believe with the Senator
from Kansas that the proper mode of dealing with
this question would be to deal with it radically
and cover the whole case; but I shall be very glad,
even if I cannot obtain that, to obtain the relief
which is contained m the measure introduced by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, perhaps
it is proper that 1 should very briefly slate the
reasons which will govern my vote on this meas-
ure. I do not consider a vote against it to be
a vote in favor of slavery or the interests of the
slaveholder. I presume that if the father and
husband be taken into the military service of the
United States it will be a relief to the slaveholder
to take from him the obligation to provide for the
family that is left at home. Public sentiment, as
well as municipal law would require the master,
while the relation subsisted, to make provision
for them. But if Congress declares them free,
. that obligation, if the law of Congress have con-
stitutional force and validity, is removed from the
master. Thertiore I am not able to see that a
vote against this measure is a vote for the slave-
owner.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] the other day said to the Senate that he
was going to give constitutional grounds upon
which members might stand in supporting this
measure, and I had hoped that he would refer us
to some provision of the Constitution that would
justify the vote; butafier listening to him with great
attention, I was unable to observe that in any single
argument he presented he referred to the Constitu-
tion at all. I believe he read none of its pi o visions,
referred to none of its language which justified the
measure. He did say that at the last session of
Congress, by law we had declared the slave taken
into the Army of the United States to be fiee, and
| that the constitutional power to fiee the slave taken
! into the service would support the constitutionality
of this measuie. Sir, 1 am not able to see that.
The Senator stated it dimply, he did not illustrate
his proposition so as to make it plain to myself,
at least. Upon what ground was the measure of
the last session supported ? Upon the ground that
Congress has power to free the slaves of the States ?
No, sir. If could he supported on one of two
giounds. First, if the master do not have prop-
erty in his slave, but slavery be a mere lelation,
and if the slave be regarded as a person, then
his personal service may be taken by the Govern-
ment, and m that case no compensation, peihaps,
need be made to the master. There is in the
northern States the relation of parent and child,
and the relation of master and apprentice; and
yet no one questions that either relation fur the
time being may be disturbed; the power of the
parent over the child may be withdrawn, and the
control of the master over the apprentice may be
| withdrawn for the time being, and the minorchild
or the apprentice taken into the service ot the
United States without compensation to the parent
or to the master. The relation is disturbed for
the time being, and the minor child or the appren-
tice taken into the service of the United States
without compensation to the parent or to the mas-
ter. The relation is disturbed for the time being,
but certainly if the child i& restored to the neigh-
