162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
by their mistress, the father being in the Army,
Her "head was all cut to pieces by what appeared
to be a sharp instrument; her skull was laid bare
almost, and her back perfectly mangled by the
torture to which she had been subjected. All this
was done, as we were informed, because her hus-
band had enlisted in the Army of the United States,
and she and her child werecompelled to flee to this
camp the best way they could, in that condition.
And yetgentlemen stand up here and talk about
constitutional law in exculpation of such infernal
acts as these! Sir, I tell you that slavery is an
> organized rebel, and you can have no peace as
lonff as that relation exists in the United States;
and, as God is my judge, I hope you will have no
peace until you abolish it. I ask for no peace
unlit slavery is extinct in these United States.
We hear men sometimes talk about the object for
which this war is prosecuted. They higgle over
the idea that it was to defend the United States
against the aggressions of the South. That was
the fact. It was, in its commencement, astrictly
defensive war; but war was commenced, and
thank God, I think I see that it cannot end until
that which gave rise to it shall have ended, and I
hope it will not. If it continues thirty years and
bankrupts the whole nation, I hope to God there
will bo no peace until we can say there is not a
slave in this land.
That is the way I view the subject. I have
ever viewed it so. I have never higgled about the
cause of the war, although I know it was a defen-
sive war in its commencement, and is so even
•now, because I know you can have no lasting
peace until this accursed institution is prostrated
to rise no more. I say again, I ask no peace until
that is done. Iam glad of the stubbornness with
which the South hold out. I hope they will hold
out in their blindness until they provoke us to do
that which the occasion demands, without which
being done you ought to have no peace, and you
can have no peace.
Sir, I say-it is a shame and a reproach to us to
invoke the aid of the slave to assist us in work-
ing out our own liberty and putting down this
rebellion while we deny his right to have his
wife and children emancipated. We ought to
have emancipated them before; but itis never too
late to do right. Let us free all who will enlist
into our armies, or who shall be conscripted, and
all who stand in any relation to them, and not
leave them to be mangled and tortured and mur-
dered by those whose resentment is enkindled at
the fact that they have gone into the armies of the
United States. It is horridly cruel; it is barba-
rous; it is as impolitic as Urn cruel and barbarous,
i hope, sir, that the resolution will pass.
f Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my constituents
are slaveholders; I am a slaveholder myself; and
I hjtve my rights guarantied by the constitution
and laws of my State, and by the Constitution
and laws of Congress, until those laws are re-
pealed. Here and everywhere I shall stand up
in support of the rights of my constituency and
of myself under the Constitution of our common
country and of our State, and our laws. Gentle-
men cannot force me from the occupation of that
position by a denunciation of the property qnd
institution that is guarantied by these constitu-
tions and these laws, a description of property
which their own States once cherished, which
they established, ondwhich their people did more
to disseminate and to sustain by their laws and
polity for its protection than any other States.
Mr. President, there is now a crusade against
slavery, and it is about as unjust, as fanatical,
and as irrational as all the other crusades thathave
heretofore taken placem the world. I have,time
and^again, expressed my sentiments upon this
subject; 1 do not intend to repeat them; but
there are one or two features of this measure to
which I will again ask the attention of the Sen-
ate; and my views are sustained by the facts of
the case brought up by the honorable Senator
from Ohio. That case shows that these women
and children, when deprived of the protection and
the support of their masters, and their husbands
are enlisted in the service, although it be in the
neighborhood of the residence of the wife and chil-
dren, are not able to protect and to secure their
proper suppoi t.
If I understand the case that has been cited, the
husband enlisted in the Army. He was informed
by theowner of the wife and children that he would
no longer,£upport them if he should enlist. He
went to camp. The wife and children followed
him to camp, and had the most peifect liberty, if
I understand the case, to make provision for then-
own support. Did they make that provision ?
No, sir; they fell into that state of destitution,
want, disease, and death that is so vividly ex-
pressed in that affidavit. The Senator says, and
no doubt truly, that these people were abandoned
by their owner. In that abandonment he violated
the laws of humanity and he acted a cruel and an
ungenerous part toward those who had occupied
the relation of slaves to him.
Sir, in my own county there have been enlisted
into the service of the United States,according to
the best estimates we have been able to make,
about six hundred slave men. I do not know,
nor have I heard, of but one solitary case of
abuse, of cruel treatment, or of mistreatment
whatever to any of the wives or children of the
men who enlisted in the Army. A man owned a
slave man. He also owned the wife and children.
The husband enlisted; and the master drove, or
threatened to drive, the helpless wife and children
from his home. He was a Lincoln man, and
voted for the ieelection of Lincoln. I know of
but that solrtary case in the county of Bourbon,
where there have been an enlistment of at least
six hundred slaves, where there has been any
threatened mistreatment, none positive and none
negative whatever.
But, sir, the position I set out with was this:
that there were many cases of slave families
where, if the, husband was taken from the owner,
and in many where he had been taken from the
owner, if the wife and children were free, if the
relation between the master and these slaves were
severed, the wife and children would not be able
to support themselves, and would come to that
miserable condition of destitution, penury, dis-
ease, and death which is described in the affidavit
that the honorable Senator from Ohio sent to the
desk to be read.
Sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,] you chose to
give us some of your experience and some of
your instruction in relation to this matter—a mat-
ter about which you know nothing at all practi-
cally. We understand the subject. It is in our
midst. We have seen it every day of our lives.
We know it by daily observation and experience.
There is not a man living who has this kind of
information but what knows this fact well: that
in the State of Kentucky there are thousands and
tens of thousands of instances of slave mothers
and children where, if'the mothers and children
were freed at once and thrown upon their own re-
sources, they could not make a support, but must
come to that state of misery, destitution, and
death which the family we have just heard read
about came to.
My position was that the effect of this meas-
ure, if it is passed, will be to place many fami-
lies in that position, in that state of destitution,
and that it would be cruel and inhuman legis-
lation on the part of Congress so to leave those
destitute families. If they have the power, and
will exercise it, to free those families, they ought
to make a provision that such families as are un-
able to support themselves should receive the
necessary aid from the Government for the pur-
pose of having a comfortable support. Why,
sir, there is not a man who ever lived in a siave
State but what knows that there are almost un-
numbered cases of siave women and slave chil-
dren who are too helpless and too young to pay
for theirpresent support. The consideration that
induces the owner to keep them, and to pay the
expenses of their support, is the increased ago,
the growing strength and capacity of the chil-
dren to work and become valuable to him in after
years. If it was not for that consideration, I
have no doubt that the interests and inhumanity
of mfcn would throw many of these families out
upon the world without a proper support at all.
Our laws are framed upon that principle of human
nature, and for that reason the laws make it the
legal obligation of the owners of slaves to sup-
port them, to support them in their infancy, in
their age, and m their helplessness, whether the
result of infancy or of age.
It has be.en argued again and again that because
the husband is liberated therefore Congress has the
power-to liberate the wife and the children. There
is no logic in that conclusion; there is no legal
validity or effect in it; but the premises, as well
as the conclusion, are utterly false. Whenever
the principle is decided by a competent and inde-
pendent court, it will thus be settled, that neither
nusband, nor wife, nor children can be taken, even
to make the husband a soldier in the Army, until
his reasonable value is paid or secured to the
owner. That is an invulnerable constitutional
and legal truth, and it can be sustained by the de-
cisions of the highest coarts of every State in
the United States. ' But, waiving that question,
the principle and the provision of the Constitution
which authorizes private property to betaken for
public use has no application whatever, as was
shown by the Senator from Indiana, and as has
been shown a hundred times in this body.
Mr. President, I did not rise to add as many
words as I have, but merely to protest against the
passage of this resolution in its present form, and
to remind its friends, and to insist, in the name
of humanity and of a degraded and humble race,
thatif they will throw them upon the world,they
shall not throw them utterly helpless and incapa-
ble of getting their bread and their raiment; that
while the husband and father is carried to the
camp, and is away hundreds of miles from the
wife and children, the wife and children shall not
be thrown suddenly upon the world without any
intellectual or physical capacity to support them-
selves, there to be left to perish from want and
disease; but that the humane philanthropists who
are commending this measure to the Nation and
to the world shall make a reasonable provision
for the support of this helpless class of beings.
Mr. JOHNSON. The remark made by your-
self, sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,] speaking to
this resolution, has no application tome. Iam
not and never have been an advocate of slavery;
and as you and the Senate know, I gave my sup-
port very cheerfully, and as efficiently as I was
able, to the proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution abolishing the institution throughout the
United States. Why I supposed such an amend-
ment should be adopted, and why I supposed we
had the authority to adopt it, I do not propose
now to discuss. I have already presented to the
Senate the reasons which led me to conclude that
it was expedient and was constitutional.
I voted the other day against referring the reso-
lution before the Senate to the Committee on the
Judiciary, not because I was in favor of it, but be-
cause I was exceedingly anxious that the subject
itself should be disposed of at the earliest possible
moment. From good motives, I have no doubt,
those members of the Senate who feel toward
this institution perhaps more strongly than I do
thought it their duty to occupy the greater portion
of the deliberations of this body during the last
session by that topic; and I was satisfied that the
questions involved in this resolution had been
sufficiently brought before the Senate to enable
every Senator to make up his mind as to the vote
which he mightgive. There was no need, there-
fore, under that impression, of sending it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
But I rise now very briefly to state why itis that
I am unable to vote for this resolution. It is not
because—perhaps no member of the Senate feels
more strongly in that regard than I do—it is not
because I desire to see the wives and children,
where there are wives and children, of the black
men who have enlisted in the Army remain m the
condition of slavery, but because 1 am fully under
the impression (and an impression so strongly
felt that I am sure no argument will be sufficient
to induce me to change it) that we have no au-
thoiity to pass a resolution of this nature.
The honorable member from Massachusetts, in
his speech a day or two ago, placed it upon the
ground of necessity. The rebellion, hesaid,was
to be suppressed. In that, I believe, we are all
agreed. It became necessary for that purpose to
call into the armies of the United States the ne-
groes. As to the power to call them into the mil-
itary service of the United States I never had any
doubt; and I endeavored to lay before the Senate
on a former occasion the reason why I supposed
there existed no doubt of the authority of Con-
gress to use thosemenas a means of warfare. But
I found it in the authority to raise armies, and in
the double character in which, under the Consti-
tution, the negro slave, or the negro man who is
not a slave, stands toward the United States.
According to my view, whether he was slave or
