1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
free, he held the relation of citizen, owing; an al-
legiance to the United States; and, owing an alle-
giance to the United States, was subject to the call
of the United States when the United States should
think proper to call him to their defense, either in
time of foreign war or in time of civil war; that
in relation to the negro slave, although he stood
in the condition of property, and was, in the view
of the Constitution of the United States and of the
States where the institution exists, property, to
the extent that it was made property by the laws
of the State in which he might be, yet he also
stood in the relation of person, and was liable to
be called upon to constitute a part of the Army
of the United States.
The honorable member from Massachusetts,
however, said that we were all agreed in thinking
that when a negro slave was called into the ser-
vice of the United States he became thereby free.
If he is under the impression that 1 concur in that
opinion he is mistaken. What I said was that,
having called him into the service.of the United
States, as 1 supposed we had a right to do, it would
become the duty of the United States to have him
free, but to have him free in a constitutional and
legal way; to pay for him whatever his services
might be worth; to pay for him for those services
to the master, or to pass an amendment to the
Constitution declaring him free.
But even if it was true, Mr. President, that the
power under the Constitution exists to make a
negro slave a free man l^.y calling him into the
armies of the United States, it would be a very
illogical inference, in my view, to suppose that
thereby his wife and his children became free, or
that thereby his wife and his children could be
declared fiee by a simple act of Congress; and I
was about to say I was a little amused, consid-
ering what we have heard in the past, at the
grounds upon which the opposite view is placed
by some af the Senators of the other side. One
of them says, and the resolution upon its face
goes to that extent in part, that it will encourage
enlistments. Another, the honorable member
from New Hampshire, has told us that it will won*
dei fully increase the efficiency of this description
of force. Now, in relation to the first, I think I
cannot be mistaken m saying that those who ad-
vocated the bringing into the military service the
negro slave said, that once authorize it, and not
only would all the slaves be willing to come to
the standard of the United States, hut that thou-
sands and thousands and hundreds of thousands
of white men in the eastern States would be seen
flocking the highways, rushing to the capital of
the United States for that purpose. In the lan-
guage of an editor who possesses, and justly pos-
sesses,as I think, such a controlling influence over
the paity to which he belongs, three hundred
thousand men would at once be seen coming to
the standard of the United States, and the rebel-
lion would at-once be put down. But I have not
heard from the War Department, the Senate cer-
tainly has not heard officially, that there has been
any difficulty in getting black soldiers. Certainly
there was none in my State. There was none in
my State because two modes were resorted to. I
will not stop to inquire whether both were con-
stitutional or legal. The one was voluntary en-
listment, and as that was supposed to fail to a
certain extent, it was virtually compulsory en-
listment; and they got just as many as they
wanted. There is hardly a black man now who
was a slave at the breaking out of this war, who
was living in Maryland at the time when you
authorized the enlistment of black soldiers, ca-
pable of bearing arms, who has not been placed
m the Army of the United States either by vol-
untary enlistment or by compulsory enlistment.
Then, as to their efficiency, I have heard some
of my friends on this floor say—1 hoped then
that they were right, and I hope still that they
are right, and the whole press that has been
advocating the employment of this eiass of per-
sons in the Army of the United States have said
the same thing—that among the most gallant in
the Army during the battles in which they were
engaged were black soldiers; and yet their wives
and their children were not free by any law then
passed. Does my honorable friend from JNew
Hampshire wish to make them more gallant than
gallant, mope efficient than efficient? Does he
want to make them more gallant and efficient
than the white soldiers?
Mr. CLARK. If the honorable Senator will
pardon me for a moment, I wish that such a law
should be passed that when those men have exhib-
ited that gallantry, and have bared their bosoms,
their limbs, and their lives in defense of the coun-
try, tliey shall not be stung by the thought that
at home their wives and children are the subjects
of abuse by their masters.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree in that; but that is
sentiment altogether. I understood the honor-
able member to urge the adoption of this resolu-
tion upon two grounds: thefirstwas thatitwould
encourage enlistments; the other was that it would
increase the efficiency of the Army.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator is a little
mistaken. I made the remark thatit would make
the Army more efficient entirely in reference to
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
which related to those persons already in the
Army.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly. Then they have
been efficient, as I understood my friend to admit,
and 1 am not here to deny it. I do not know
what the factis. I believe there are differences of
opinion on the question; but how the fact is I am
unadvised. They are now efficient, and you are
now getting just as many as you want, just as
many as you can provide for; and if it be true that
you have as many as you can employ, and that
those you have are efficient, upon what ground
can you place the measure before us that it is de-
manded because of the necessity of adding to the
enlistments, and of increasing the efficiency of the
enlisted ?
Now, Mr. President, if there was anything
settled when the Constitution was adopted, if any-
thing has been settled since by judicial authority,
if anything has been settled by political parties m
the enunciation of their principles in their conven-
tions from time to time since the existence of this
institution became a subject of party politics, 1
suppose it to be this: that the Congress of the
'United States in the exercise of its legislative au-
thority has no power to abolish slavery in the
States; and with a word upon that subject I shall
have done.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] whose sin-
cerity no one questions, whose uniform couise in
relation to this subject is known to all, tells us that
he wants this war continued until the institution
shall be abolished. He wants battle after battle to
occur, and thousands and thousands of the men of
the loyal States as well as the men of the rebel States
to be slaughtered, and will have those scenes of
slaughter continued during a period of thirty years
rather than teimmate the strife, if it is to be teimm-
ated without the abolition of slavery everywhere
throughout the United Suites. That is not my
opinion. I dislike the institutionjustasmuch as he
does or can. I think it is attended with the most
dire of evils; that it is disadvantageous to the mas-
ter, and keeps the slave in a condition in which no
man should be placed, dcmoiahzes him, renders
him incapable of knowing what moral duty is,
debars him of the privilege of ascertaining what
Christian duty is, closes the Bible to him, and
closes every variety of knowledge from necessity.
I know all that; but I am not for continuing the
war until the institution shall be abolished jf we
can terminate thewarnow: fust,because we have
no authority, according to my view, under the
Constitution,and we aie sworn to support it; sec-
ondly, because as in the retributive justice of
Heaven the institution is mortally wounded now,
if there were peace to-morrow it would have no
permanent existence, and would be stripped of all
political influence.
The South must have seen what an element of
weakness it is m war. They must have seen that
with such an institution as that in their midst, if
they ever get again into a civil strife with the loyal
States, disaster and defeat, and, if necessary, sub-
jugation must be the result. And what are w«
no\v told, and, I believe, truly fold ? Theirpapers
proclaim it in Richmond: " If it becomes neces-
sary we will abolish the institution; we will cal! the
negroes into our own service fiist, and see if with
their aid and with the aid of the white men of the
South we can make successful resistance to the
war upon the part of the loyal. States; but, that
failing, we will emancipate all; provided, "for they
attach a piovision to it now, " prn\ ided we can
make an alliance olfeosive and dWonsive with
England and Fiance." And, as F understand, ;
they have good reasons for believing that if they
do abolish the institution they will be recognized
by both Governments, and perhaps both will come
at once to their aid. Suppose that should be done;
that the institution should be abolished by them
—they have the same power td do it that we have
—will my honorable friend from Ohio want to
continue the war then ? I suppose he will say not.
Then what is the result? The Union dissevered;
the work of our fathers gone; our former glory
never again to be repeated; and (as is certain to be
the result) every ten or fifteen or twenty years a
war between the conterminous countries.
But, Mr. President, I am glad to believe, as I
think I see, that the Piesident of the United
States is not of the opinion entertained by the
honorable Senator from Ohio. As I read his last
message, he thinks, and I think with him, with
due deference to the honorable member from Ohio,
that if the men in arms against the United States
throw down their arms the war not only should
not be waged, but that there would be no author-
ity to wage it. As we know, during the late
political canvass, in a paper that became noto-
rious, and will be notorious hereafter, entited
" To whom it may concern,5'the President stated,
or was understood to have stated, that there were
two conditions upon which alone the war could
be made to terminate: the one was the continuing
existence of the Union, and the other the abolition
of slavery. I know that,asfaras the last reason
was concerned, it made some of his warmest and
most zealous supporters exceedingly unhappy;
and it was explained away. The majority of the
people who voted for him considered the explana-
tion satisfactory. It was said that he did not
mean what he apparently said; and such became
the fixed opinion of those who disapproved of
what they supposed to have been the meaning of
what he had stated in that address of his <s To
whom it may concern." I am glad to see that
the friends who saved him from the possible fatal
result of such a declaration, or what they thought
would be the fatal result of such a declaration,
did not misunderstand him; for in his message
he says:
" Between him"—
That is, Jefferson Davis—
"and us the issue is distinct, simple, and inflexible. It
is an Issue which can only be tried by war, and decided by
victory." * * * * "'Although he cannot
roaccept the Union, they can."
That is, the loyal people of the South, if there
are any there.
" Some of them we know already desire pcace and re-
union. Tnc number ot buchmay increase. Tiiey can"—
  I ask the honorable member from Ohio to listen
to these words, and see what they mean:
'•They can at any moment have peace sunply by laying
down their arms and submitting to tiic national authouty
under the Constitution. After so much"—
That is, after laying down their arms and sub-
mitting—
" After so much, the Government could not, if it would,
maintain war against them. The loyal people would not
j-us-tam or allow it."
He is speaking of the honorable member from
Ohio as among the loyal. Not satisfied with
announcing that opinion in the plain words m
which it is given in the part of the message that
1 have quoted,he deems it necessary to conclude
his message by reiterating the same views. He
says in conclusion:
" In presenting the abandonment of armed resistance to
the national authority on the part of the insurgents as the
unlv independable condition to ending the war on the part
of the (iovei nment, I retract nothing heretofoie said as to
slaveiy. I lepeat the declaration made a \ear ago'*—
Not the declaration supposed to be contained
in this paper, "To whom it may concern," but
in a previous message.
'•that < while 1 remain m my present position I shall not
attempt to ie tract or modify t'he emancipation proclamation,
nor shall I return to s-lavery any pei^on who j< free by the
terms of proclamation, or by any ot the acts of Congress.-5,J
I agree with him as to the last. Thatisaquo-
tation from the former message:
(i In stating a single condition of peace"—
Submission—
"I mean sunply to say that the war will cease on the part
of the Government whenever it shall have ceased on the
pait of those who began it."
1 think I am not mistaken in saying that the
view taken by the honorable member from Ohio
goes a good deal further than that. "Ihope,**
