m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
SISTERS OF MEUCY.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
moved to tjike from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 368, to incorporate the Sisteis of Merey
in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BXIX.
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table the amendments
of the Senate to the Navy appropriation bill, and
to refer them to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
NORTHEASTERN DEFENSES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to report, from the select committee on the
subject, a bill to provide for the defense of the
northeastern frontier, in order that it may be
made a special order for some future day.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I object.
JONAS A. HUGHSTON.
Mr. POMERO Y, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill
for the relief of the personal representatives of
Jonas A. Hughston; which was read a first and
second time.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the personal representauvesof Jonas A. Hugh-
ston §700 in full- of ail fees and emoluments to
which he was or might have been entitled at the
time of his death, by virtue of his office as mar-
shal at Shanghai, China.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEllOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order
to be the special order, being the reconsti ucnon
bill, on which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] was eniided to the iloor.
Mr. DA VVES. Mr. Speaker, at the commence-
ment of the first session of this Congress, on the
reference of the President's fiist annual message
to the appropriate committee, so much as .related
to the condition and prospects of the rebellious
States was referred with great propriety to a se-
lect committee of marked zeal and distinguished
ability. We are now, in the lastdays of'the last
session of this Congress, discussing the result of
their labors. The nature of a great pan of the
duties devolved upon the committee of which I
am a member, m the last and present Congress,
have led me to take an interest in the subject-
mauerof this reference; and the peculiar circum-
stances under which a bill for which i had myself
voted, containing the main features of the one
now under consideration, failed to become a law,
notwithstanding it had passed both Houses of
Congress, have led me to examine more fully the
provisions of that bill and the one now before the
House. And, sir, if that examination has failed
to make clear to me the exact path of duty in this
matter, it has not failed to reveal to me the great
difficulties which this committee have been com-
pelled to encounter. Sir, we are now considering,
from acommittee appointed in the manner I have
indicated, a committee of known and distinguished
zeal, ability, and mdnstry m this matter, the
fourth regular draft of a bill to accomplish the
purpose for which they were appointed. And,
sir, f understand that the committee have all ready,
and there has been printed by the House, a fifth
draft of this bill. I allude to this only as an il-
lustration of the difficulties which I am conscious,
from the slight examination I have been able to
make of this matter, this committee hove neces-
sarily encountered in coming to a conclusion sat-
isfactory to themselves in the accomplishment of
the object they propose.
This is a bill not founded upon what is com-
monly called the war powers of this Government*
It is no till calculated ts reinvigorute the Army,
the Navy, or the Executive in a war which is be-
ing waged against the rebellion. The very first
clause of the bill defines distinctly its limits. It
provides for.the appointment of a provisional gov-
ernor who shall be charged with the " civil ad-
ministration" of such State until a State govern-
ment shall be recognized as thereinafterprovided.
It therefore follows the Army, lis application is
to tiie condition of the State in which the Army
shall have left it. It is an attempt to gather up
the " disjecta tnembnt" of those States, the broken
and torn fragments of those communities, and
out of the chaos, as well as the ruins and debris
that are left in the march of those armies, to cre-
ate a State capable of discharging the functions,
exercising the authority,and invoking the recog-
nition of this Government, and of the people un-
der which it lives. It is applicable, Mr. Speaker,
to an extent of territory four times as large as the
whole kingdom of Great Britain, which once dic-
tated the law upon land as well as upon the sea,
to the nations of the earth; to an extent of terri-
tory three times as large as all the territory of
Great Britain and her hereditary foe, France,
whose eagles have contended withherforsuprem-
acy in long wars for centuries that have gone
by. It is applicable to what was once a people of
tight millions, or thereabouts, of various habits
and pursuits of life, living m ali varieties of cli-
mate, and upon aland fertile in ail that makes and
constitutes it capable of making a greatStatc and
a great empire of itself. But a people not now,
as once, in the pride and pomp and opulence
which long years of peace had secured—hut hum-
bled, broken, and wasted, weak arid distracted,
without substance, without homes, without re-
sources, bleeding with wounds their own- mad
hands have inflicted,and as yet but feeWy com-
prehending in the dim light of returning reason
either duty or the way to its discharge.
Sir, the questions involved in thus bill are there-
fore of such vital importance, and' so transcend in
magnitude ail minor considerations, that it would
be criminal on my part to discuss its provisions
in any other spirit than thai of the utmost candor
and sincerity. Ami, sir, if I am unable to give
this bill my support I £hall not fail to rccogmzc
the ability, the zeal,asd the patriotism m a com-
mon cause with me^ which has prompted the sev-
eral bills issuing from that committee, and their
efforts to bring out of this chaos order and a sub-
stantial government in these States. The bill is
divided into two distinct parts: first, that which
endeavors to provide a present, temporary mu-
nicipal government; and,second, that which seeks
toprescribe the rule and method to which all efforts
at any future period for the adoption of a consti-
tution mjast conform. And, fust, let us look at
its provisions for a local government. What are
the participles upon which this part of the bill is
ba^etfr Not on the old theory of a colonial gov-
ernment, treating and subject ng them,according
to that old policy of the colonies, to the will, the
ownership,and the proprietorship, as well of the
soil as the franchise; norindeedon that later and
more modern policy of treating each State in the
condition of aTerritory having power to form and
frame their own government, with a supervisory
power still residing here and retained by this Gov-
ernment; but, sir, the bill proceeds upon the sup-
position not only that there are States still existing,
but that their old constitutions and laws are still in
full force and operation; for, sir, the first duty
imposed upon the provisional governor in these
several administrations of government is this:
"That until the United States shall have recog-
nized a republican form of State government the
provisional government of said States shall see
that this act, and the laws of the United States,
and Ihe laics of the State in force when the State gov-
ernment was overthrown by the rtbellion9 are faith-
fully executed," saving and excepting the single
provision touching the enforcement of the laws
against slavery and the mode of trial and punish-
ment of colored people, inailother matters and
things this bill takes up the condition of those
States, and declares it to be this: that they still
exist within the Union, with their old bounda-
ries and constitutionsand laws still in force, but
without officers to enforce them. And the prop-
osition of the bill is to fill those offices by execu-
tive appointment here. This, sir, is the fust at-
tempt of the bill. It is for the Executive in Wash-
ington to supply that deficiency, namely, to fill
the State offices in eveiy one of those States, by
the advice and with the consent, it may he,of the
Senate of the United States, i read in this same
section of the biil that which, the committee will
permit me to say in all kindnes*, seems to be the
most remaikable feature in the whole bill:
The President t-hali appoint each officers orovided for
by the laws of the State when its governim nt was over-
thrown as he may find necessary to the civil administration
of the State, all which ollicers shall be entitled to receive
the lees and emolument;* provided by the tftate laws for
such officers.
Sir, two remarkable features are disclosed in
this provision: first, that the officers of the State,
no matter what provisions of law may exist for
| their election or appointment,are to be, neverthe-
less, appointed by the President of the United-
States, and just as many and just as few of them
as he pleases. It may he the judge of the highest
court of judicature in the State; or it may be the
humblei-t road-master; it may be any one or all
of the countless corps between them. Although
the provisions of the State constitution and of the
laws lecognized by this bill to be in fuli force may
provide for another method of appointment or
election for these officials, from the highest judi-
cial officer to the lowest constable in a parish,
town, or county, the President may appoint just
as many of them as he pleases, and from what
part of the country he pleases. There is no pro-
vision m this bill that they shall even be residents
of the State over which they are, by this bill, to
administer its provisions and to execute the laws
of the State. An army of officers, in one para-
graph of four lines, is here created, subject to the
pole authority and control of the President of the
United States.
1 see m a report fo the confederate congress on
}' the subjectof officesand officers in the rebel States
■' that there are thuteen thousand of them in one
|; single State. What is the effect to be on the peo-
j; p!c over whom, from every quarter of this Union,
broken-down politicians, men without place, foot-
>'• loose, are to be placed? Sir,it is a reproach to
11 our Government at this hour that there are, about
j- this capital and m the northern States, men who
ij have been appointed to the judgeships of district
ij and other courts of the rebel States and Ternto-
ji ries, drawing quarterly the salaries of those of-
p fiees, although they have never been able, from the
! hour they received their commissions to the pres-
i' ent moment, to set foot m the States over wiiose
j' couits they have been appointed. They could
;* not ^o one rod into the State, positions in whose
J' highest courts they have heid for more than a
,! year, without being hung on the first tree. It ia
I: a repioach to the Government that it should be
| so. 1 know nothing of the exigencies that could
ji justify or defend this. But my fiiend [Mr. Asti-
jj let] Iujs reported a bill here which auHiotizesan
! ai my of thousands of these office-holders to go
j. into those States, with commissions from this
! capital in their pockets, to lord it over the poor,
|! miserable inhabitants left behind the Army there,
ij These rebel States may be thus coquetted into
j; asylums for broken-down politicians. It is not
j; for us to say that we have confidence in the proper
j! exerciseofthis authority by the Chief Magistrate,
ij I am looking at the provisions of this law just as
|, if I had no confidence in him, although there is
i, no member on this floor who has more confidence
in him than I have. But the pressure upon Imn
behind, with the door open to him before, has
been already found too strong for resistance, if
you pass this bill and make these provisions, an
army of office-holders hke the locusts of E^ypt
will press down upon those unoffending and un-
protected inhabitants of the miserable, poverty-
: stricken, and rebellion-wrecked States.
|j And yet, sir, that is not quite so sti iking, after
l| all, as the next provision ot this bill; I read in the
|| very next section the following:
j | Jlnd he it further enacted, That until the recognition of a
}! State government, as aloje.Miid, Uio prmi-hmni governor
i! shall, under Mich regulations a-; lie may pie>enb", e.iu-e to
i1 be assessed, levied, and collected for Hie year ld03. and
every jear thereafter, the tavs provided by the Jaw* of
such State u  be levied during ihe n eal year prt ending Uie
overthrow «t the Stare tfoverumeiit thereof, m the manner
prescribed by the lavv^oi the State, as nearh as may ; and
the officers appointed, a.s aforesaid, tire vested whit ait
power* of levying and collecting suoh taxes-, by distress or
sale, &c.
Sir, this bill authorizes and requires the pro-
visional governor to levy the whole body of the
taxes, in sum total assessed and provided by law,
m the year n*xt preceding the rebellion, on these
