THE ■. GQiW«ESSKJ]mL CrLOBB.1-
people. Ami, sir, upon what sort of people?
Upon a people, to begin with, thatarebeggarsand
seekers of alms at this day, dependent upon the
charity, the noble and boundless charity of the
North, to keep them from starvation. Their
houses have.been burned, their lands have been
laid desolate, the sources of their industry have,
been destroyed or dried up. They are wanderers
ill their own land, homeless and houseless. And
upon such a people, with all the ,new. circum-
stances that rebellion and its effects, and themarch
qf armies, fire, and plunder, have visited upon it,
it is proposed to levy—yes, sir, levy—in this year
of our Lord 1865, and every succeeding year
thereafter, the precise sum which constituted the
whole body of (he taxes assessed upon them for
all purposes whatever the last year before they,
went into rebellion. Sir, the condition of these,
people, upon whom this gross sum is to be as-
sessed, for wretchedness and for inability to sus-
tain even their lives, much less pay taxes,passes
all description. I know nothing that more nearly
comes up to a just description of that condition
than Burke's glowing and inimitable description
of the awful devastation which followed when
Hy,der Ali marched his conquering, army over
the Carpatic. Upon this people, as unlike in
everything that constitutes a people capable of
paying taxes, that people which they were when
the taxes were originally imposed upon them as
a beggar is unlike a prince, it is proposed never-
theless to impose and levy these taxesjjnd call
upon this innumerable army of import* office-
holders to collect and wrench them as the last
drop of life-blood from shriveled bodies. Sir,
there is not an army, great as our Army is, that
has power enough to accomplish that one single
feat provided for in this bill, for the very plain
reason that there is not money enough left in any
one of these States outside the Government with
which to pay that round sum for one single year.
And yet, without stopping to inquire what these
taxes were originally intended for, without stop-
ping to inquire to what purposes they were de-
voted when raised, it is proposed, in four short
lines, to levy them en masse upon these people;
and this, sir, in aid of reconstruction. This wise,
efficacious policy is resorted to in this bill to
hasten on, I suppose, that other day mentioned
in it, when a majority of these people, molded
by this process, won by its benignity " shall vol-
untarily take the oath of allegiance."
Now, sir, have my fiiends ever looked into
the statutes of any of these States to see what
those taxes were for, and on whom assessed; or
have they looked into the code of any one of those
States to ascertain what is the nature of those
State laws which they impose it upon the provis-
ional governor faithfully to execute? There is
not a larger heart in this House or in the country
than that of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] who reported this bill, or
than those of the whole committee. I accord to
them a desire to accomplish the same final end
that I hope I am striving for myself in this mat-
ter, but 1 tell them that they are calling upon us
by this bill to sanction all the black codes of those
States, save only that part which holds men in
bondage, and that they let enforce itself.
Let me read you a single provision of law which
my friends impose it upon their provisional gov-
ernors to see faithfully executed;
"If any frcc/icraon of cnloror slave shall keep any school
or other place of instruction for teaching any slave or free
person of color to lead or wtite, such free person of color
or slave shall be liable to the same fine, imprisonment, and
corporeal punishment as are by tins act imposed and in-
flicted on free persons of eolor and slaves for teaching slaves
to lead and write."
That extends to all men made free either by
that great and glorious proclamation of the Pres-
ident, or that wluch transcends it and all other
provisions, the amendment to the Constitution.
In all the coming lime that shall exist between the
passage of this bill and the time when these poor
creatures shall emerge from their wretched and
helpless conditition under it, he who shall teach
one of these poor freedmen the first rudimentsof
knowledge and direct the first ray of divine light
so that it shall shine in upon his soul, shall be
flogged and imprisoned in the discretion of the
judge who presides over the court.
Sir, I read from another that free colored men,
not natives, residing in the State shall pay annu-
ally a tax of fifty dollars for the privilege of re-
maining and living in the State. This is one of
the taxes specially and specifically revived and
put in force to be collected from this poor and
miserable race.
Sir, there was a provision, there is now upon
the statute-books of one of those States a provis-
ion^ under which that. State was in the habit of
taking citizens of Massachusetts and of other
States, as they came within the lines of that State,
though guarantied by the Constitution " all priv-
ileges of citizens in' {he several States," and in-
carcerating them in jail. That statute is still to
be enforced under the provisions of this bilk
There was sent down there not many years ago
by the Governor of Massachusetts a venerable
statesman to go into the district court of the Uni-
ted States, over which there had presided in that
very State a man who has pronounced their own
law in thisregardunconstitutional,and peaceably
and quietly, in the discharge of professional duty
in a cause there pending, to enter an appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States. It is well
known to the country that that venerable man was
driven from the State and compelled to seek safety
and life in flight. That State thereafter passed
a law, which sail stands upon the statute-book.of
that State, and which this committee propose by
this bill to make it the duty of the provisional
governor of that State "faithfully to execute,"
which provides that if any man repeats this of-
fense and com.es into the State to enter an appeal
in her courts in behalf of one of these oppressed
people, citizens though they may be of his own
State, he shall, upon conviction, be imprisoned,
in the discretion of the judge who presides over
the court, for life or for any number of years,
provided it does not fall below five years. '
In the solicitude of this committee to provide
for the enforcement of these laws, the omissions
of this bill are after all quite as remarkable as its
inhibitions and directions. The bill contemplates
an indefinite duration of the government and state
of things established by it. And such are its
conditions that it must be long years, it may be
a generation, before some of the States can pos-
sibly relieve themselves frorth its operations, yet
there is no provision for the new state of things
now existing there. There is no attempt at any
adaptation of these laws to the new state of things
consequent upon the rebellion, and consequent
upon our constitutional actionhere. Notonlyis
there no provision for the Mew wanfis and necessi-
ties of this wasted and wretched people who have
been involved in the rebellion, but for that other
people who have now passed into freedom by our
legislation, and by the military consequences of
this rebellion, who are now without food, with-
out subsistence, without knowledge, and without
opportunity to support and maintain themselves;
yes, sir, without homes, literally without where
to lay their heads. Although this professes to
be a constitutional application of the power of the
Government to these people, and by its own pro-
vision to be continued in force indefinitely, yet I
fall to find in it a recognition of the fact that there
are three million of these people who comounder
this bill; their existence even is ignored in the
bill. There is no provision for schools; no pro-
vision for a poor-house, even; no provision for
their protection; no provision for attempting to
teach them the arts of civilization, for kindling in
them hope, holding up before them incentives to
industry or securing them its reward. Under the
operations of this bill they are to be the objects
of free plunder; they are to go forth to be hunted,
despoiled,and persecuted outcasts in the land.
I have thus far considered one of the two
branches into which this bill is divided—that
which proposes to establish over them a present
system of government. How long-does this bill
propose to continue that system over them? In
the first place, just so long as the provisional gov-
ernor shall see fit to have it maintained. It is left
by this bill itself discretionary with the provis-
ional governor himself to determine when he will
institute the first initiatory steps of measures cal-
culated to bring out of this state of things a new
form of government. The bill says that when
the people of any State "shall have sufficiently
returned to their obedience" this provisional gov-
ernor shall institute steps for aState government,
making no provision except his own opinion for
determining this point. Before he will institute j
the first step, it is in his discretion to say whether I
the people " shall have sufficiently returned to
their obedience." With hiVplaceand the pftfcfeiyf
the whole army of office-holders -ahdsri Mfft at
stake, it will not be soon, I think, Were there ti&
other obstacle'in ffie way; it will be at no im«le->
diate period that this governor will coftle t'o thi
conclusion that the people have been PiiMcicntiti
subdued for him to take the initiatory stepa.t'oiforrrl:
a State government. , , ; U
But there is another limitation upon the- proi
ceedmg. Even if the provisional governor Should
come to be willing, in the course of cveiUat t'd-
take these initiatory steps, this bill goes on to eiy
that those proceedingssha!idepend uponanother
question, that is, whetherta majority of thepeo-
ple in the State have of their own cheiiee signified
their loyalty by taking the oath of allegiattde.'
Under this bill, it does fiot depend upon the Wish"
of the loyal, people to have a government of theif
own; it depends upon the wish of the disloyal
people. So long as the disloyal people can keep"
a majority on their side, they can dictate whttt
sort of a government they shall have. In the'
early part of this rebellion there was no Uncer^
tamvoie.eon thisside of the House, ltwasheli
that upon the loyal people, and nporithfe !<SyaJ;
people alone, were to be reposed the functions of
government; that they were to hold the elective"
franchise; they to determine the character of the'
government; and that rebels were only to be-
" counted" that we might know what force may
be necessary for their subjection. But, sir, un-
der the administration of these men—ihitf army
of foreign officers, from him who- sits in the high
court of judicature, passing upon the rights of'
the people, down to the most insignificant oiScial -
—how long, under such instruction as that, tstth-;
mit to my distinguished friend, will it bebefore
that majority are won back to signify their dwsiW5
to exchange this form of government which h<6-
imposes for one of their own making? - '
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the people of Louisiana
have not, under the rule ofGeneral Banks, (whom
the gentleman designates as a foreigner, )organized
a State government which he has reported in fa-*
vor of recognizing?
Mr. DAWES. I will answer the gentleman
before I get through. That question falls within •
the line of remark which I propose to pursue.
The bill proposes, first, to introduce these for-
eign elements to constitute temporarily—not per-*
manently, I know—the government, in "vvhich
this majority shall have no voice; and this for-
eign administration are't'o administer laws which
were made foranotherstate of things—old, effete,
superseded by the inarch of armies and events—
without the slightest provision in this bill for
their amendment, amelioration, or adaptation to
the new state of things. I submit, sir, that such
a government, instead of winning back the loy-
alty of the people there, will create alienation
and heart-burnings, from the hour of its institu- :
tion till the hour when it shall pass away. It'
ignores entirely that great element of American
chaiacter which has had its play, and has never"
been suppressed from the day when one little
colony, struggling for the right of self-govern-
ment,entered James rivei',and another instituted
a government under-Calvert in Maryland, free
from the outset, and when still anothercolony
made a written compact of government upon the
deck of the Mayflower. From that day onward
this principle has been exercised by every com-
munity and every class m this land till it appears
in the fastnesses of the Rocky mountains among
themmers. WhereverSfband of men have come
together in this country the first and foremost
thing is for them to make, themselves, and adopt, the
regulations by which they are to be governed. .
You can no more suppress it than you can wipe
out the instinctof liberty. The American people
will have the right to shape and alter for them-
selves the rules by which they are governed.
This bill ignores that principle. It doeS-not
provide for any process by which there shall be
any modification or repeal of a single law in any
one of those States as it stood in 1861 when the
rebellion broke out. Horace Maynard,a man"
coming up from among those people, knowing
them better than we can know them, suffering
with them and sacrificing for them, told me, with
the first draft of this bill in his hand, that-if the
provision requiring the loyal men to*)ie«sUbje4t
