1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thirty years in the contest between orthodoxy and
reformation, betweeninfallibilityand the insurrec-
tion offree thought. A re we to have trouble as long
os other nations in the, past? Shall the picture of
Hungary and Transylvania in the beginning of
the seventeenth century—"farand wide the land
lay waste, while the injured serf had to complain
equally of his enemy and his protector"—be re-
peated all over this land? Or the condition of
France before Joan of Arc defeated the English
at Orleans, and while the country, in a state of
anarchy, was subject to the brigandage of Eng-
lishmen, Frenchmen, and Burgundians? It is
related:
"There appeared noth/ngbut a horriblefaeo,coofu--ion,
povcity, desolation, soliuriutss, and /ear. The lean and
bare laborers in the country did teirify even thieves them-
selves who had nothing left tlleill to but tile carcases
of these poor miserably creatures, wandering up and down
like ghosts drawn out of their graves. Thele^t faimsand
hamlets were foitilied by these robber*, .English, Buigun-
dlaiw, and Ficnch, eyeiy one striving to do his worst: nil
men of war were well agreed to spoil the coutmyman (xnd
merchant, fiven the cattle, accustomed to the alaim belt,
the sign of the enemy s approach, would run lioim: ol'them-
selve-jj without any guide, by this; accustomed misery.
"While I a:n for a vigorous use of force, 1 am
for trying some of the "arts of statesmanship"
to prevent these bitter calamities; and this brings
me to a subject upon which I hope the House
will indulge me a few minutes. .We must have
a practicable policy of
• restoration.
If we can detect the quantities, numbers, and
relative proportions of the forces involved in tins
problem we may find a proper solution in states*
irianshjp sooner than others have found an unfor-
tunate one in brute force and sheer exhaustion.
a here lias to be an end of all wars, and I am not
afraid to begin to look for an end of this one
And as we are determined not to end it except on
the basis of our nationality, had we not better
begm to devise a way for the icturnof disaffected
and rebellious citizens,andif there is adisturbino*
cause in our politics remove that cause, and then
on other questions mark out a way plain and
easy for the return of States and citizens to duty
and to loyalty ? If the greatest temporal Power
, that iias held dominion over men deemed it wise
and politic in conquering her barbarian enemies,
rivals, and neighbors, to destroy as few of them
as was possible to accomplish her purpose, and,
having conquered, admitted them to citizenship
with as many of their former laws and customs
as were compatible with their new relations, how
much more should wc pursue that lino of policy
with our own people J The country has rejected
the impracticable scheme of" reconstruction "con-
tamed in the President's amnesty proclamation of
December, 1863. The President rejected the bill
passed by Congress at the last session, and now
the same scheme, somewhat modified, has been
reported from the committee on rebellious States.
I cannot go for that bill. If there were no other
objection to it I would fear that its extreme com-
plication would prevent its ever being- executed,
and I think I may now safely predict that not one
State government will ever be organized under it.
And behoving as I do in large national powers, I
cannot for the life of me see where this Con°rcss
gets power to abolish slavery in the States bv
statutory enactment,and punish slaveholding in
the future. If gentlemen really believe that can
be done I see no use m the constitutional amend-
ment. Then the mode of organizing- the State
governments, and the form which the bill reqimes
them to assume. If the first convention does not
do the job according to pattern and order, they
are prorogued, and a second called, and so 011
unti a convention offree men can be found obei-
sant y to offer up on a silver waiter a piece of
parchment written all over just according to the
copy set for them by this bill. If Confess can
do tnat, why can we not in the first instance pre-
scribe, establish, and put in motion a State gov-
ernment just to our liking? And if they can do
that why can they not abolish one that is obnox-
ious and set up another m its stead? Should that
bill pass and be sustained by the courts I should
teel very nneasy about the preservations of our
institutions of government.
No, Mr. Speaker, the case needs a simpler plan
ajuster plan, which the people can take hold of
and act upon without too much complication and
109
oppressive overseeing. If there is one thing
which the American people study more and un-
derstand better than any other, it is the erection
and running of the machinery of representative
government. Give them an opportunity, rely on
them, on their resources, on their ways and means,
then interests, and the work will be done in due
time and in much better order than under the di-
rection of Congress or military governors.
I believe I was the first one to propose in a
formal manner to leave this whole thing to the
people and the courts. Very early in December,
1863, I introduced into this House thoflpollowin°"
joint resolutions: * °
f'V the Senate and House of Representatives
of the united Statcsin Congress assembled: i. That a com-
bination ot peisonf, in Uienanic oi a State, or an ds*uu>ed
confederation of States, for levying war agam&t the United
totaled, or for withdrawing j-ueh States from the Union,
doe* not alter the legal diameter of the aot done, nor ex-
cuse those engctutiil in it, noi does any such combination,
levying ot \vai,ni uttemptrd withdrawal amount to any de-
struction, forfeiture, or abdication of the right of those who
at any time acknowledge allegiance and render obedience
to the United States, to administer, amend, or establish a
Statu jrovetnment.
<"2. That a formal return or rendmission of any State to
the Union is not nec'cssury. It is sufficient that the peo-
ple, or thObe who are loyal in any State, and Qualified by
the election laws thereof m force before the rebellion, shall
at any tune resume the functions of a State government
compatible with the Union and with the Constitution and
law* ofthp United States, and doing this is sufficient evi-
dence oi loyalty for the purpose of doing it.
<k 3. i hat all question* touch in? piopertv rights and inter-
est* arising out of confiscation and emancipation, and the
effect of^ any law, proclamation, jmlitaiy otder, or emer-
gency or war, or act ot rebellion, upon the title to any prop-
em, or upon the status of any p'-r.-ons lioretofoie hold to
somce or labor in ,u\y State, ate left for the judicial de-
teimination oi the courts ot the United States.
4. That the whole powci of the nation is pledged for the
suppie^ion o( tli o l obeli ion, the execution ol tlu  laws, the
d_i-ten>e oi'lovui citizens m any Suite, the teiutouai integ-
nty ot the Hi-public, and the nationality of the Constitu-
tion.
'• '> That nothing hcrHn contained shall be construed to
abtidge or lessen any valid detente, oi as waiving the ri ht
ot theGuverumeiitto mfhet punishment; the pinhole bem-'
to dcchue the nullity or&cce : ion as a State oidjnanre, to
define the object* ol the war, and to express the sen^e of
Congress a* to the piopcr mode of lestoring harmonious
leiations between the Government and certaiu of the States
and the unaffected people thereof."
1 he House novel* came to a vote on them, and
it was somewhat indicative that they were not
promptly negatived. In September last, Mr.
Seward made a speech at Auburn, in celebration
of the fall of Atlanta, and in advocacy of Mr.
Lincoln's reflection, in which the following pas-
sago occurs:
" When the insurgents shall have disbanded their armies
and laid down then arm-;, the war will im-tantlv cease,
and all the war measures th.-n exiling, including tho>e
v, Inch alloct r-laveiy, wili ceaseaUn, and ail the moral, eco-
nomical, ,u>d political qnc^rwuS, as well question* affect-
ing slavery as others, which shall then be existing between
individual ami Stntcoaud the Fedeial Government,whether
they arose heioie ihe civil wai began or whether they grow
out ot it, will, by force of the Constitution, pass over to the
ailntiament ot eoints ot law and to the councils of legisla-
tion." ®
This was the only part of the speech which its
distinguished author thought itnecessary to itali-
cize in the pamphlet edition. Coming from the
premier of the Administration this was hoped to
be a long- stride in the right direction.
Soon after the resultof the election was known
General Butler made a speech at New York,which
most people thought wag made on purpose and
with an understanding, and to prepare the pub-
he mind for the things which it was supposed to
foreshadow. And lastly, the President m his re-
cent message, though not quite coming up to the
pattern set by General iiutler, which embraced
general and complete amnesty, and an offer of the
olive-branch, yet very well says "abandonment
of armed resistance to the national authority on
the part of the insurgents" is the "only indis-
pensable condition to ending the war on the part
of the Government," and "in stating a single
condit/on of peace, I mean only to say that the
war will cease on the part of the Government
whenever it shall have ceased on the part of those
who began it." Barring a little mixture with
other matter found just in that part of the me.s-
snSc> I do most heartily and thoroughly approve
of the sentiment. As it is natural for meto think
I have been right all the while, 1 do most cordi-
ally congratulate the Piesident and his Secretary
on their conversion to my views. Thoughahule
late in seeing it, there is time yet for them to in-
dorse and encourage the plan of restoration em-,
bodied in the bill I introduced on that subject at'
a former day of this session:
A bill to provide for the restoration of the civil authority of
the united States in certain States,
/?.e t!ie Senate and House of Representatives,
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
whenever a civil government, repubJican in form, and com-
patible with the Union and the Constitution of ihe United
folates, shall be established by the people, or administered/
as it existed on the 6th day of November, 1860, in any State,
now or since that day not represented in the Congress of
the Umted states, such State shall, in' all matters,lie held
guarantied ** * * °f ^ Union> aTld its government
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That, in orsanizin^or ■
administering any government in any such State, no per-
son &hal( be entitled to vote except citizens havinn the
qualifications prescribed by the lawsthereot in force on the
6th day of November, IfcQO,
Sec. 3. Jind be Ufinther evaded, That no law or usage
of any such State shall be held to defeat or abridge the right
totreedom which any person or class of persons may be
adjudged entitled to, under any Jaw of the United States,
or any order oi proclamation of the President thereof, bv a
court of competent juiisdiction.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all questions
touching the status of persons in such States and the titles
to pioporty are remitted to the courts of competent iuris-
diction.
This is an appeal to the people, and a way
offered to them; and it is the peace which will
ultimately be adopted out of necessity,
i regret that the provisions of the committee's
bill compel me to vote against it, for I do desire
to support, in some form, that clause of the bill
which recognizes the State government of Louis-
iana. But if the bill meets its deserved fate that
can be done by a separate resolution. The only
objection I have heard to my bill is that it allows
everybody to vote. And what if they do vote,
just so they first lay down their arms and vote to
organize and cairy on a loyal State government?
Itwill come to that at last. Those people cannot
be forever disfranchised and held as conquered
colonies. I would not vote a man nor a dollar to
execute such a policy. This House is less prac-
tical—1 had almost said less wise and Jess just—
on tnat one point than any otherorgan of opinion
on the continent. 1 affirm that the^President, the
Secretary of State, the American press, nine
tenths of the American people, and nearly the
entire Army, would to-day stop this frightful war
if it could be done on the President's condition
of the rebels laying down their arms, and on my
plan of allowing the people to form their own
governments, with no restrictions except loyalty
to the Constitution and Union.
DUTY OF CONSERVATIVES.
What consistent course is left for those who
have at once opposed the rebellion and many of
the measures of the Administration? Our duty
and our interest alike demand a proper answer.
The contest is between nationality and voluntary
disintegration. If in that contest the old order
of things has already been lost, there is a tend-
ency toward an issue between central power on
one hand nnd local and-personal license on the
other. We have tried to avoid these two ex-
tremes and to hold the State in the deep water of
the middle channel of the Constitution. We have
failed. It is possible that one of these two ex-
treme ideas will for a while succeed. That is his-
torical. It is equally historical that in &uch con-
tests the middle and conservative men are de-
stioyed by the hostility of both extremes. What
now iRour duty to ourselves, to the country, and
humanity? Shall we retire absolutely from the
contest, or adopt the lesserjof two evils and re-
i Inctantly accept one of tho two antagonistic and
extreme ideas of government, or continue ko to
discharge the duties of citizens and legislators as
to deal with facts as we find them, and not with
theories as we would have them; make the best
of events and circumstances as they overtake us
or fail in our way; round oft* the angular points
of a transition period, and restrain, if possible, the
current of revolution when it would involve all in
a common ruin r The latter seems tome the part
of wisdom, of duty, and of interest. We cannot
retire from the contest if we would, and lam per-
suaded we ought not if we could. As to voting,
writing, and speaking, we could; but as to fight-
ing^ and paying taxes we cannot, any more than
Union men within the lines of the enemy ure able
to avoid fighting us. When society so exerting
il&elf as to demand and develop the maximum .
