1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
were within those linesin 1860, and a much larger
majority of the blacks, yet their condition now-
anil in 1860 is so widely different that no reliance
can be placed on any such basis as that.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to ask a question which,
perhaps, will be answered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kei.let,} if the gentleman
from. Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will permit
him.
, Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
Mr. SMITH. It is right on this point 
■ Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will allow me to put one other question 
Mr. DAWES. Let me go on. My own opin-
ion, and all the evidence I can get, is that quite a
large majority of the white and of the black pop-
ulation of the State of Louisiana is embraced
within the limits of our lines; and that all that
portion of the territory lying outside of our lines
is the sparsely settled portion, the desert portion,
the swamp portion. 1 have no doubt myself, and
I think the evidence that comes to us shows, that
a large majority of the white population of the
State are within our lines. That does not, how-
ever, quite answer the gentleman's question,
which is, whether these people acquiesced in the
formation of this State government.
Mr. ICELLEY. 1 referred to that portion of
the people whose civil and political rights were
guarantied by the treaty of 1803.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman means
the colored Creoles.
Mr. ICELLEY. I do.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that there
is anything in the new constitution of the State
to deprive the Creole of his rights. It leaves the
question ss to whether he shall be entitled to the
right of suffrage to the Legislature to dispose of.
But Ido not considerthatasdeprivinghimof his
rights. If that were so, I suppose that every fe-
male in the State of Louisiana is deprived of her
political rights by the fact that no right of voting
is guarantied to her. I know of nothing else
that would lead to the gentleman's inquiry, and
I presume his inquiry covers thatground. There
is no feature of the law of the State of Massachu-
setts which I admire more than that which pro-
vides that no distinction shall be made on any
other foundation than that of character and intel-
ligence. I wish it were so everywhere. I hope
to see the time when it shall be so in Louisiana.
If it were so there to-day I should greatly rejoice
in it. Whether it shall be so depends upon the
wisdom of our legislation on this very bill, in a
great measure; for, if we leave this people to
manipulate and form their own State government,
by that means sooner than by any other will
they come out of their troubles and constitute a
form of government in harmony with those ideas
of equality which are the glory as well as the
fundamental basis of the Republic.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me one npoment further?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not understood the
gentleman to deny that a majority of the people
of Louisiana are outside of the parishes repre-
sented in the convention that framed this consti-
tution, though he asserts that a majority of the
rich bottom-lands are within the lines. The best
information I have been able to obtain is that only
about two fifths of the white population of the
State were within these lines and three fifths out-
side of them, and that a very large majority of the
colored population were within them. I would
now inquire of the gentleman whether the terri-
tory outside of these lines is not to-day in the
armed occupation of a belligerent power?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken as
to the facts. I wish, however, before closing, to
say a word to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
touching the point which he has raised in relation
to the light of suffrage of the freedmen of color
in Louisiana. I have stated my own opinions and
my own views. I cannot, however, fail to recog-
nize a republican government in Louisiana that
does not quite come up to my standard any more
than I can fail to recognize a republican form of
government in your own State of Indiana, Mr.
Speaker, where colored people are not permitted
to vote at all; or in Pennsylvania, which the gen-
tleman so much honors m his representation here
upon this floor, but which denies to the colored
man the right to vote. 1 would just as soon in
stitute measures here to declare that the constitu-
tion of the State of Pennsylvania is not repub-
lican in form, inasmuch as it does not permit all
persons of color to vote, as I would put a bar
upon the people of Louisiana in the formation of
their constitution because they do not make the
right of suffrage as universal as they do in my own
State of Massachusetts, which I am happy to
know my friend has taken as his example in this
regard.
Mr. KELLEY. I thilHt the gentleman fails
to perceive the point which I made, which is
whether they have not made a constitution which
violates the express stipulations of the treaty of
1803, by which that territory was ceded to us,
and excluded the descendants of a large portion
of the then population, whose political rights were
expressly guarantied by the terms of that treaty.
Mr. DAWES. With all due deference to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, 1 do not propose to
involve the discussion of this question, in which is
wrapped up the destiny of these great States, and
upon which I believe the fate of the nation in a
great measure depends, in any new construction
of the treaty of 1803, which the people of Louisi-
ana and the people of the whole United States have
failed to perceive the necessity of till this hour.
And when I say that, I admit to the gentleman
the full force and power of all his reasoning upon
the right of every man capable of self-government
to exercise the privileges of citizenship.
Mr. MALLORY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a ijuestion about a
matter which 1 have not heard him touch upon in
his discussion to-day. It is this, whether the
constitution of Louisiana, which it is claimed hy
the gentleman now exists, and under the provis-
ions of which Representatives have been elected
to this Congress, was made in pursuance of the
provisions of the previous constitution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I had devoted
some little time to a feeble attempt to show that
the people of a State had the capacity to make a
new constitution, even if the method that they
pursued in making that constitution did not con-
form to any previous existing law of the State,
and I instanced the State of Rhode Island, I in-
stanced the State of Massachusetts, I instanced
repeated cases in the Territories of the United
States ofthe people voluntarily coming together,
and in convention, or by whatever term you have
a mind to call it, making an organic form of gov-
ernment, and bringing it here to receive the rec-
ognition and sanction of the Government; and
therefore I did not stop to inquire whether this
constitution conformed to a previous provision
existing in the old constitution of Louisiana, for
although the bill itself recognizes that constitution
to be in full force, and all laws made in pursuance
of it excepting laws holding men in bondage, I
mustsay for myself thatif outofthe chaos of this
rebellion, and out of the upturning and upheav-
ing of the very elements of society, there can be
found any considerable number of loyal men so
united and harmonious in their action as to be
able to form a framework of organic government,
republican in form, and that shall receive the ac-
quiescence of the loyal men of that people over
which it is to be enforced, and they have also
strength and power enough within themselves to
suppress domestic violence if left to themselves,
just such a State we should open our arms to and
welcome back with rejoicing and clapping of
hands.
Mr. MALLORY. Would not the gentleman
designate the movements to which he has called
our attention revolutionary movements in those
States?
Mr. DAWES. I call them the great and grand
and glorious results of a revolution; not the revo-
lution itself, which was begun in injustice and in
treason, but which, under the guidance of a Power
■tfhich holds the issues of nations as well as in-
dividuals in its hands, is working out a glorious
deliverance of the land into a more perfect and
glorious republican form of government.
I have trespassed upon the indulgence of the
House too much. My only purpose is to impress
upon this House the very conclusion which finds
sanction in the last section of this bill, namely,
that no form can be prescribed, no law laid down
here, no unbendirg iron rule fixed by the central
Government, for the governing of that people, or
prescribing the method in which they shall make
their organic law. Each of them shall workoul
that problem for itself and in its o wn way. That
form and system which is best adapted to* Louisi-
ana and Arkansas is quite different that
which is ultimately to be adopted in South Carb-'
lina and Georgia. These are a people unlike in
their habits and pursuits, in their notions, in "tlieiy
loyalty or disloyalty, whichever it may b<S,.; Ift'
each one of these States the condition of ttiing^
and feelings is unique, and finds no counterpart
in any other. In the States more particularly
under consideration the people are struggling to
rise from chaos into the form of republican or-
ganic law. The others to which I have alluded
are still wandering in the wilderness of treason
and rebellion, and rolling as a sweet morsel tinder
their tongue the sin which has brought all this
calamity upon us.
What extreme medicine shall bring them back
to their right minds—what sort of constitutional
measures or further military treatment shall be
found necessary to bring them back from treason,
and to bring out from among them a true and
loyal people, it is as unnecessary as it would be
difficult or impossible to tell in this discussion..
Time must furnish the great solution of all these
embarrassing questions. Time has already proved
the best solvent of questions which have seemed
to us incapable of solution. No rule which we
may here attempt to adopt, no rule we have eveV
adopted, has been or will be found adapted to the
exigencies of particular cases. As they have
arisen they have found their own solution; and,
whenever any one of these States comes up here,
presenting a constitution republican in form, the
workmanship of the loyal men of the State, and
which is generally acquiesced in by them, and
they have power enough within themselves to
maintain it against all domestic violence, then 1
submit that in whatever form, by joint resolu-
tion, or by the admission of members into either
branch of Congress, may seem best to this House
or to the other, or to both Houses together, I
care not; the result is one and the same. To me
it is sufficient to present this evidence, and I am
ready to welcome them back into the sisterhood
and full communion of the States.
Therefore I hope that this bill, which attempts
to prescribe an iron, unbending rule for all these
Stales, will fail to become a law.
EVACUATION OF CHARLESTON.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the following
dispatch, just received from the War Depart-
ment, be read for the information of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Was Department,
February 20, 1865—'2.45 p. m.
Sir: The inclosed telegram from General Grant, an-
nouncing the evacuation of Charleston, has been received
by this Department.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of IVar,
Hon. 11. C. Schenck, Chairman Military Committee.
[From City Point, February 20,12.30 p. m.]
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
The following dispatch iust received.
U.S.GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
The Richmond Examiner of to-day, just received, says
Charleston was evacuated on Tuesday last.
G. WEITZEL,
Majoi General.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
have listened wiLh much satisfaction to the speech
of the gentleman prom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] and I congratulate this House and the
country that at last %e hear the language of con-
ciliation in that quar^r. When we consider the
party to which he bllongs, the Administration
which he sustains, aid the section of country
that he represents, it ii with no little surprise that
I hear that gentleman |efer to our southern ene-
mies as "agreatpeopl4,"and "use thelanguageof
kindness, respect, and conciliation toward them.
Sir, from that side of the House thus far we
have heard little but of subjugation, devastation,
and of annihilation when speaking of the enemy.
Judging from the tenor ana temper of the major-
ity, the inference was that that peof^e had no
rights, and were entitled to no mercy, no quarter,
not even to the respect due to humanity.
Hence I say that I have listened with pleasure
to the gentleman; and I congratulate this House
