172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
a northern substitute agency, who wisely pre-
ferred a direct personal interview with Joe to a
formal correspondence with General Sherman on
the subject, and the other went to the Army, (I
hope he is a better soldier than he was a farmer,)
leaving me minus some things which I had inno-
cently supposed were mine and not his, leaving
myplace in the weedsand my hire note outstand-
ing and unpaid. And now that they have all
gone I feel so much better that I deem it but polite
and neighborly to invite the whole world to try
the experiment.
THE NEGRO AS A SOLDIER.
There can be no doubt of the legal power of
the Goverr^ment to use the negro. Slaves are
either persons or property, or both combined.
Whether they maintain to the Government either
relation solely, or both combined, the relation
implies duty and liability. As persons they may
be-called into the service; as property they may
be taken, subject m both cases to the question of
the liability of the Government under the Consti-
tution to compensate the owner for the service
and labor as for property taken for public use. I
opposed their use on the grounds of expediency,
sound policy, and public safety. Prom my own
stand-point some of my arguments .and appre-
hensions have been answered by the event and
some have not. But the rebellion is answering
them all. The South will put him directly in the
ranks, and have long been doing it indirectly by
putting him to such uses as would enable a larger
proportion of the whites to carry arms than other-
wise could do so. If he may be used to fight in
the cause of the-rebellion, and anarchy, and vio-
lence, and to fasten the chains upon the remainder
of his own race may not we who fight for order
and a nation cease our objections to using him
on our side ? The spectacle of an army of slaves,
to be emancipated at the end of their term, if they
survive the perils of war, arrayed in deadly con-
jflictagainst the sons and soldieisof the Republic,
fighting, bleeding, dying, to effcct the double ob-
ject of establishing a government of which the
fundamental principle is the light of a part to
destroy the whole, and of which one of the chief
aims is to perpetuate the slavery of the race now
called to its help; a man, a father, standing amid
the fires of war to rivet bonds upon his own race
and blood, and kindred, it may be forcing chains
that shall hang forever upon the limbs and clank
forever in the eais of his own offspring, is a sight
so offensive to Deity, and so revolting to human-
ity, that I would prevent it by all the means al-
lowable to a Christian people. I would do it by
inviting the slave to fight for a Government that
would secure freedom to him and his race for-
ever, depriving him of all motive and interest for
fighting for our enemies, imbuing him with the
highest motives to fight for us, and with every
motive and reason to doubt and distrust, and it
may be to abandon with arms in his hands a
dynasty that proposes to do so great a wrong.
But the matter may adjust itself. The result of
all the examples of the use of servient classes in
war, and they have been used freely 111 nearly all
the Governments where there have been dominant
castes, show an entire incompatibility between
military service and servile labor. To the slaves
of Greece and Rome, the serf of Russia, and the
villetri of England, the South will now add the
other example of the Alncau slave in America.
NOW ANI> THE FUTURE.
We will accept the inevitable meaning of pass-
mgevents, loolcdesfiny in the face, deal with facts
as they are, smooth the rough points on a new
road, and not kick against the pneks. Twenty
years, or much less, after slavery is gone, the
country will be more prosperous without it than
with it, and while many will continue to condemn
the illegality of some of the measures that led to
its destruction, few, I think, will then be found
to daplore the fact of its death. It is the process
of change that irritates and really injure? the com-
munity. But the change is coming without and
against our seeking. Then if it be possible let us
order it for the best in a political and economical
view. Emancipation is now the true economy
in Kentucky. Right^or wrong the Government
lias taken lier able-bodied slaves for the service,
and will continue to lake them, leavingthe women
and children on our hands for support. Being
deprived of the benefits of the system must we
cling to its burdens? If there is a part of that pop-
ulation yet desirable as laborers, consider whether
emancipation is not now the "only means left of
secui ing their services, and whether this being re-
fused or deferred they will not all leave, with the
hope of procuringfreedom elsewhere,and whether
upon the whole a! reasonable hire is not better for
both parties, the tfegro feeding and clothing him-
self, paying hfs own doctor's bills, with all the
stimulus to industry andeconomy springing from
the compensated labor system?
Labor is like any other thing of value; it "is
worth whatit costs,and will cost whatitis worth,
and will find its commercial level. It is therefore
impossible m the nature of things that slave labor
can be cheaper than free. An able-bodied man
in fair times would readily command $1,200. The
interest on that at ten percent is $120. His food,
clothes, and medical attention would not be worth
loss than $120 more, in all $240. How much
more would free labor cost? With the disadvan-
tage on the part of the master, that the slave may
die or run off, and will surely wear out, while his
cash value might have been made a permanent
investment in something else.
Our lands will increase in value, our roads will
multiply, and we will have a great commercial
emporium in our own State. I will not stop to
argue these advantages, but only point to other
States, and younger States, to verify the belief.
I repudiate the absurd doctrine that slave labor is
the foundation of a higher type of civilization.
Commerce, roads, manufactures, agricultuic, sci-
ence, arms, the census do not say it.
LEGALITY OF TIIE AMENDMENT.
It has been urged that as slavery was m exist-
ence when the Constitution was framed, and was
by that instrument recognized and guaiantied, it
thus became a vested interest, and that it is in-
competent by subsequent amendment to divest
that interest, especially m States refusing to adopt
the amendment; and that it is incompetent for the
Genetal Government in any form to regulate do-
mestic and State institutions. To my mind this
is a singular misapplication of legal reasoning.
The argument is based on the cxtremest point of
State lights, State sovei eignty, compact, league,
&c. It is well known 1 (Jo not belong to that
school. Jt is applying to the constitutional, fun-
damental legislation of the people, acting in their
sovereign capacity, the same rules and limitations
which do apply to statutory enactments and to the
legislative" powers of Congress as delegated and
limited by the people. This is in the nature of an
original compact of government, spiinging from
the source of all power, the people. It is compe-
tent for them to construct a Government as they
please. Surely, in theoriginal instrument, orcon-
tract, they could have declared all slavery abol-
ished. The contracting power is inherent in them,
and they have pointed out the mode by which the
instrument may be amended. Itis equally com-
petent to do by amendment what might have been
done by original compact. 1 f it was competent
to declare that three fifths of the slaves should
be represented in this House, it was equally com-
petent to declaie that none of them should be or
that they all should be. It is not a question of
construction or of legislative power. The argu-
ment I am combating would limit the power of
the people in framing a Government. It would
deny to the people of a State the power to alter
a fundamental law once made and interest acquired
undent. I have not a particle of doubt as to the
competency and finding effect of the amendment
when ratified by the requisite number of States.
The Constitution is but a law, the law of original
institution by the people, as distinguished from an
enactment of Congiess. They made it,and they
can change it. It they can change the tenure of
office or enlarge or restrict the elective franchise,
they may piescrihe what shall be property and
what shall not. Is it not better to satisfy this de-
mand for this one amendment than by the aggra-
vation of a refusal provoke the tailing of a con-
vention that may overhaul and remodel and pos-
sibly disfigure our entire constitutional fabric?
PEACE BETWEEN" TIIE RACES.
Tfce system of slavery, as 1 have observed it in
Kentucky, wears none of those traits of cruelty
and brutality that have been pictured on the north-
ern mind. The household of kind master and
contented slave has something of advantage and
attractiveness'in it. But the' content, the quiet,
and the mutual confidence have passed away. 1
need not stop to tell- why. We all know. It is
palpable that so long as the war continues slavery
will continue to tumble to pieces. When the war
is over and the freed slave returns to intermix with
the others, the institution could only be preserved
in the form of a modified state of war, resulting
at last in open war between the races. Who so ,
simple as to want for a slave a man who has borne 1
arms as a soldier under a promise of freedom for
his services? Who would undertake to keep in
subjection a family of slaves constantly exposed
to the infinence of the returned freedman who had
learned confidence, sagacity, and boldness in the
school of war? It cannot be, it will not be, and
we had as well prepare to preserve the peace be-
tween the races. I look for the large slaveholders
who have had numerous and expensive families
left on their hands soon to become the mostmgent.
emancipationists from motives of economy and
justice to themselves. I will not now stop to dis-
cuss the final destiny of the black man. I ex-
pressed myself clearly and at length on that sub-
ject last session, and have seen no cause to change
my mind.
Mr. Speaker, I have done what I deemed best
for my immediate constituents, for my whole
State, and for the nation. If I am condemned it
will be with the proud consciousness and sweet
satisfaction that I have emancipated myself from
the unmanly fear of censure and saved myself the
embarrassments of a false position. If my vote
be the means, in this close contest, of determin-
ing this greatquestion,and thereby in some meas-
uie assisting in the restoration of peace, 1 will be
more than compensated for any sacrifice I may
have made. If it be a virtue to emancipate four
million slaves, I claim not the credit. Their
bonds were broken by the blind rage of their mas-
ters; and if it be a crime or an error, I say we
have only smoothed the pillow of a dying man,
and substituted law for violence. And when it is
ended it will be written of the institution and its
mistaken friends, as one of the most charming
historians has said of one of the greatest disturb-
ers of the peace of Europe in the seventeenth cen-
tury, who fell in his own house, under the hal-
berds of ins own men, who solately were obedient
to his every nod:
'• Tims \Yniion<5tcni foil, not because he wa« a rohel, but
ho became a rebel because he tell. Uufomm.ue in hie that
be made a vtetouous party btf enemy, and -Uill moie un-
fortunate m death that the eaiw; party sutvived him and
wrote his lu&lor>
Mr, MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, if the vote on
this question had been taken on Saturday, I should
have said nothing, and to-day 1 intend only to
occupy a few minutes in what may prove a fruit;
less attempt to obtain something more than a
mere party vote in behalf of a measuie which
will mark an era in our history, and should en-
list the couhai favor of every lover' of the gre.it
piineiples upon which our Government was v
founded. It is no occasion for passion, but the
times call for direct and unequivocal action.
Every vote will explain itself, with no aid from
any other, and will admit of no commentary.
There is a reluctance upon the part of a portion
of this House to even propose, for the subsequent
action of the people, this amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, that to mi: is sur-
prising. There is not the smallest doubt of the
constitutional power or of the legal regulauty of
the proceedings contemplated. Any objection
must, therefore, apply to the merits of the meas-
uie and not to the measure itself; to the end and
not to the means. ! How can any man, educated
in any of the schools of party to be found in our
country, be opposed to the utter and complete ex-
tinguishment of slavery ? There is no party whose
cieed is not fundamentally thoroughly hostile to
this most deservedly hated institution, and none
which could not, consistently with all its theories
of good government, hail with joy its final oblit-
eration, unless it be within the now contracted
limits of the so-called confederate States. Can it
be that gentlemen are unwillmgeven to allowthe
people of all the States to pass upon this propo-
sition ? For that will be the whole extent of our
action, or merely to give the people an opportu-
nity to show whether two thirds of all the Stales
will decide that there arc reasons of sufficient
gravity to inducc them to adopt the amendment.
