938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
and the country that at last there appears to be a
disposition toward a more conciliatory sentiment
in this House. This gives me more hope for my
country, considering the class of men that gentle-
man represents, than anything that has transpired
recently.
Sir, if I could be surprised at anything in this
Congress, or at any report from any committee of
this House, it would be at the introduction of a
measure like this; and were I disposed to depart
from my rule to treat every question with respect
and courtesy, 1 should pronounce this an infa-
mous measure, unconstitutional and unpatriotic,
the emanation of the worst species of fanaticism.
It is a bill,according to its title, " to guaranty to
certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment." It was reported originally by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] who, as if him-
self ashamed of the child he had produced, lias
subsequently submitted two modifications of the
original proposition, while other members of the
special committee of which he is chairman have
presented three more, making in all five distinct
measures now before the House, all proposing
"to guaranty to certain States whoso govern--
ments have been usurped or overthrown arepub-
lican form of government." Upon the assump-
tion that the States in rebellion have not repub-
lican forms of government, this bill proposes to
make for those Statesa government which it calls
republican. And, sir, it is claimed that the power
to do this is found in the fourth section of the
fourth article of the Constitution, which provides
that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government."
Now, sir, in the discussion of this proposi-
tion it is necessary to consider first what is a re-
publican form of government. 1 presume there
will be no difference on this question. A repub-
lican form of government is that form which
is distinguished from the imperial or monarch-
ical or more absolute; it is in short the mode se-
lected and adopted by the framers of the General
Government, and its essence lies in self-govern-
ment, through the representative principle. It is
the right of the people to govern themselves.
Our form combines the democratic feature with
sufficient centralization to give vigor of execu-
tion. Republicanism does not lie altogether m
forms, nor can it be imparted. It is a govern-
ment made, regulated, controlled, and to be mod-
ified only by the people themselves. No other
powercan conferit. Republicanism in tlris coun-
try, as I understand it, means the right of the peo-
ple themselves to con struct their ov/n Government;
and when a central power, or any other power
than the people themselves, attempts to make a
government for a community, it is a usurpation,
however free in theory. The States and the peo-
ple thereofare entitled, under our system, to make
their own forms of government.
.Now, sir, what is the character of the State
governments of those States now in rebellion for
which this bill proposes to provide governments?
Is there any difference in the form of the govern-
ments of those States from what they were five
or six years ago? Do not the people of those
States elect representatives to a State Legislature?
Does not that Legislature make the local laws of
the State? Have they not State Executives elected
by the people ? So far as the form of government
is concerned, there is not, in my judgment, the
least change to justify us in dictating a govern-
ment for them. If they are not now republican
they were not so at the adoption of the constitu-
tion or at any time before tiie rebellion.
But it is alleged that by passing ordinances of
secession and armed lesistance to the Govern-
ment these States have lost this right. How can
this be? The offense of the southern people is
treason. I lie Constitution declaies treason a
crime, and makes it a punishable offense. It is
not provided that treason shall be punished by a
forfeitureof the lights which the people of a State
have to regulate their own domestic affairs. It
is the offense of an individual, not of a State.
While you may deprive the former of civil rights
after trial and conviciion you cannot certainly by
legislation of this kind take from a sovereign
St.ne its inherent preiogatives of independence ,
over any question or subject not delegated to the I
Federal authority. |
- Again, the duty imposed upon the General
Government to "guaranty" a republican form
of government to a State cannot be construed to
mean that it conveys the power to create a gov-
ernment, or to do that which this bill provided
by superintending or directing the manner of
doing it.
The Constitution provides that we shall guar-
anty or see that their governments are repub-
lican in form, and shall protect each of them
against invasion. ThStrovernment of the United
States shall protect these States from invasion
- and shall protect the right of these States to make
their own government. It is underthis provision
of the Constitution that it is sought to defend this
measure and to perpetrate an outrage on the con-
stitutional rights of the people and States which,
though now m rebellion, will not be so when this
bill, if it becomes a law, shall be operative.
If completed, it will be the grossest and most
wicked usurpation that any central power has
ever attempted to exercise over any body of peo-
ple claiming to be free.
But, sir, admitting that we have the right con-
tended for, do we by this bill make a republican
form of government? Is it republican for the
President of the United States to appoint a*-pro-
visional governor over a State, with the power
that it is proposed to confer? Is it republican, as
tiiis bill provides, that nearly the whole popula-
tion of the rebellious States, though assenting to
the Constitution, laws, atid authority of the Uni-
ted States, shall be disfranchised m the making
of their own local form of Slate government, for
Congress to declare for them who shall vote and
who shall not, and under what circumstances the
resident populations of those States shall have
any civil rights whatever? What are the powers
proposed to be conferred on the President? He
appoints for each State in rebellion a governor,
who makes all the regulations for the calling of a
State convention; designates the voters; fixes at
pleasure the plan for holding conventions; super-
intends all the preliminary arrangements for the
election of delegates; virtually declares who shall
vote; is to be the custodian of the enrollment of
voters, and thus is empowered to make the basis
upon which rests the least semblance of popular
rights. That basis is composed of the Army and
the followers of the Army. Every person in the
Army, every person m a military capacity con-
nected with the Army, is authorized to vote at
the election.
Itis also provided that a certain class whoshall
take an oath ostensibly to support the Constitu-
tion, but really to subvert the Constitution, shail
vote. Itis provided that those two classes shall
constitute the voting population of that State. The I
governor holds the enrollment himself. He then !
orders the election of delegates to the State con- '
vention, and he orders that convention to assem-
ble whenever and wherever he pleases. He has
the power to change the place of its sitting at
pleasure. He receives the names of persons to
compose this convention; and it is no stretch of
power for him to declare in advance who shall be
members of the convention, and who shall not
be. And when the convention has assembled he
is himself to preside over it. He calls it to order .
and he then administersan oath to each delegate, i
an oath prescribed by the bill itself. The dele-
gate is made to swear that he has not done certain
things, and that he will not do certain things.
Assuming that he gets together some kind of
representative body representing the people of
that State, the constitution which they make falls
under the provisions of this act. It is provided,
for instance, that they shall vote for the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
which Congress recommended to the States the
other day. They are obliged to swear that they
will pass that amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. And if any proceedings of4
the convention displease this provisional gov-
ernor, tne tool and instrument of the President,
he can dissolve the convention at pleasure and ;
send them home.
This, sir, is the republican government which
it is proposed to give to the people of these States.
This is the substitute which you propose to give
to the States m rebellion for that form of govern-
ment which they, acting under the Consiilution
of the United States, have seen proper to adopt.
Mr. SMITH. I would ask the gentleman
from New York whether heconsiders that, when
a State now in rebellion went into rebellion, called
a State convention by which its original consti-
tution was changed and made to conform to the
constitution of the so-called confederate states,
there is any fundamental lav/ binding those peo-
ple to the Government of the United Slates? I
ask whether it does not require some actions on'
the part of the people to change that law which
has been introduced by the rebellion so as to
make it conform to the laws of the United States.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD, r will answerthe
gentleman with pleasure. I hold that itis the!
sovereign right of the people of every State to
meet together in convention and make any change
or modification of their constitution, or even of
their form of government, provided it is repub-'
lican; and that so long as the republican form shall
be preserved, and- so long as it recognizes, as in
my judgment it is its duty to recognize, the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws made
in pursuance and not in contravention thereof,
just so long the sovereignty resides there and no-
where else. I do not justify the so-called acts of
secession orordinances of secession passed by the
southern Slates. In my judgment they have
placed themselves criminally in the wrong.
"Grievously have they erred, and grievously
have they answered for it." But because they
have done wrong, because they have committed,
an error, because they have perpetrated an out-
rage, shall we do the same? Shall we follow their
example? Shall we subvertthe Constitution be-
cause they have disregarded it?
The Constitution itself answers the gentleman
from Kentucky. If they have been guilty of trea-
son the Constitution provides the manner and
mode of punishing treason. And now, sir, if at
this time, notwithstanding theirhaving passed an
ordinance of secession, notwithstanding their re-
bellion,^ you please, against the Federal Govern-
ment, if these people, the very same people of
either of these sovereign Status, see proper to meet
and amend their constitution and elect Senators
and Repiesentatives to this or the next Congress,
there is no power here to prevent their coming
back again. 1 hold that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States have no power to make conditions upon
which a State shall resume its proper position in
this Government; and were anyof these States to-
day to lay down their arms and recognize the
Federal laws and Constitution and elect Repre-
sentatives to Congress, I would like to see the
power that would constitutionally and legally pre-
vent them from coming into the Union.
Mr. SMITH. -The gentleman's "if" comes
in rather apropos. If the rebellious portion of
eitherof these States should lay down their arms
and ask forgiveness on the part of the United
States, 1 have no doubt that forgiveness would be
granted, save, perhaps, the punishment of some
of the leaders in these great tinnsactions. It has
been admitted, and it is true, that notwithstand-
ing the rebellious portions of these States have
gone into this rebellion, and formed new con-
stitutions, and enacted new laws, not in conform-
ity with the Constitution of the United States,
yet there has been left to each one of those States
a loyal population who love the country and Con-
stitution, and who obey the laws. Now, the
proper custodian of the rights and interests of those
people is the Chief Executive of the United States.
The question I wish the gentleman to answer is,
how we are to get at a reoiganization of those
States except through the instrumentality of the
Executive, who shall prescribe means through
the laws of Congress for that thing of establishing
a provisional government until these loyal people
can do it themselves.
Mr, FERNANDO WOOD. I deny the prem-
ises of the gentleman. I deny that the President
of the United States is the custodian of the inter-
ests, of the opinions, of the lights of any portion
of the States,
Mr. SMITH. Does not the Constitution re-
quire that the Chief Executive shall see that the
laws of the United States are executed in all parts
of the country ?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Yes, sir; and the
Chief Executive of the United Stales is to-day see-
ing that (hose laws are executed by force of arms;
and that is thcexercisp ofthe^xecutive power. Hut
when, in derogation of hts constitutional power
he interferes with civil rights, the rights of dec-
