THE. G0NGi^SS!0!f Aly
4on, the rights of the people, acting in their peace-
ful and sovereign capacity, to make their own
constitution and laws, subject to the Constitution
of the United States, he is guilty of usurpation.
The Constitution" imposes upon the President
certain executive duties, and he is prosecuting
this war to-day simplyasan executive authority,
and he does it to put down an armed rebellion,
In our Government there can be nothing like a
civil rebellion, and when this rebellion ceases,
either as the resuit of force of arms or by sub-
mission on the other side, the executive power
over that people ceases, and his armies must be
withdrawn. The only pretext for these armies'
and for the exercise of this military power, is the
military resistance on the other side,and the mo-
ment that resistance is withdrawn the people re-
sume their civil capacity, andall their civil rights
are returned to them. Of course the penalty for
treason remains punishable by law. All that we
demand of them is that they shall become again
members of our Government; that they shall re-
aped our Constitution; that they shall recognize
our laws and the authority of our Government.
Sir, as I said befoje, these States are in the
Union necessarily, and there is no power here, no
power under any act you can pass, to say upon
what conditions they can come in, because if they
come in at all they must come in on an equal foot-
ing with any other Stateof the Union, or else this
is not a republican form of government. There-
fore it is 1 contend that any attempt to impose
conditions is absurd. In the first place, the power
to do so does not exist; and in the second place,
the necessity for doing so cannot exist if these
States in rebellion submit to the Constitution and
the Government and laws of the United States.
If they have committed a crime, what crime?
The crime of treason, and the Constitution itself
declares what constitutes treason, and the mode
and manner of its punishment.
Mr. SMITH, upon the reorganization of the
State of Mississippi, according to the idea of
the gentleman from New York, it may come back
when it pleases and as it pleases; and nothing
here can be done to designate the terms upon
which it may come back. Now, if these people
by laying down their arms can elect Jefferson
Davis as a member to the United States Senate,
does the gentleman from New York believe it
would be proper to allow him to take his seat in
the Senate and participate in the legislation of
this country ?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The Constitution
of the United'Siates leaves the Senate, as well a3
the House, to determine the qualifications of its
own members. And I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether he would allow
it, or disallow it, if he were a member of the Sen-
ate?
Mr. SMITH. I answer very emphatically
that I would not allow it, but that I would hang
him without an " if" or an " and." J/*
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Sir, we cannot
disqualify m advance any man from becoming a
member of Congress. Except by the act of the
House itself judging of the case and of the qual-
ifications can a constituency be disfranchised. If
the Legislature of Mississippi elected Jefferson
Davis a Senator of the United Stages, it would
be for the Senate itself to determine whether he
was a qualified member of that body.
If he has been guilty of a crime, that is an act
punishable by law, and it would be a proper ques-
tion doubtless for the Senate itself to take into
consideration whether they would give him his
seat or whether they would not.
But, Mr. Speaker, I assume that the author of
this bill and every member of this House is earn-
est in the desire of securing a reunion ofour Gov-
ernment. I a,m not prepared to charge any man
here with an intention and design of disunion.
Therefore it is that looking to restoration, look-
ing to union, looking to that great result that we
all so much desire, that thesp States shall again
be within the Union, recognizing our Constitu-
tion, I submit, in view of the military results of
which we are continually hearing, and in view of
the successes of our armies, whether it is wise,
whether it is politic, whether it is magnanimous,
for this great people to add insult upon insult,
oppression upon oppression, and to do that which
will itself render it impossible for that people to
live in any kind of fraternal concord with us,and,
as now attempted,.in a condition of servitude and
dependence?
I was gratified, therefore, to-day to hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] say
kindly of these people that it is our duty to da
that which will restore them again to bring
them back with all their rights within the Union,
which are just as sacred to them ours are
sacred to us. . ' ,
Sir, a month ago when this subject under
discussion the aspect of public affairs \yas very
different from what it is now.. A month ago titer?,
had been no conference looking to reunion. Since
that period there has been a conference, and al-
though that conference lias failed, yet, in my
judgment, there was in it sufficient to give every
lover of his country hope that without much
further bloodshed these people may see the ne-
cessity and propriety of coming back to their
allegiance to the Government. Do not cut off the
last hope of reunion. Heap no coalsof fire upon
their heads when they are thus borne dawn and
weakened. Do not do that which will render it
impossible for so noble a race, consistently with
manhood and ordinary self-respect, to do else than
perish rather than submit. I would exhaust every
means of conciliation that we might have recon-
ciliation, and that this war might be stopped upon
the basis of union, of fraternity, and of concoid.
Let us hope that the language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to-day may be but the be-
ginning of the end, and that the fell spirit of de-
struction may cease. In the midst of power, of
success, and of victories, let us be generous and
just. If it be true, as alleged, that our foe has
fallen and lies prostrate at our feet, then with the
greater reason can we be magnanimous. Let us
forgive and forget the past and allow them once
more to resume their position in the Government,
sit here in full communion with us, and partici-
pate with us in carrying on this great experiment
of free Government on the American continent.
But if this cannot be, then, as we value our own
liberties, let us avoid doing that which is itself a
libel on republicanism. Under the pretextof fur-
nishing a republican government to States in re-
bellion, we are attempting to impose on them a
despotism of the most wicked and tyrannical
character. The people of Ireland, of Hungary,
and of Poland were free as air compared with the
condition of degradation to which you seek to re-
duce the noble men who, though in an unfortunate
moment of excitement and error they attempted to
pull down the fabric of our Government, are yet
blood of our blood, and a race of whom we may
well be proud as fellow-citizens of the United
States of America.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration asserts some very strange doctrines
and implies others no less marvelous. It implies
that all the States in rebellion are outof the Union.
It implies not only that they are outof the Union,
but that they had the constitutional right to go
out.
I am aware that the right of States to secede
has been a favorite doctrine with gentlemen North
as well as South, but never did it attain to any
great degree of notoriety till a very recent, date.
It is a doctrine fraught with the most serious con-
sequences to the American nation. It may sub-
serve the purposes of gentlemen for the time,to
accomplish certain political results, but when the
doctrine is once approved and acted upon by the
American people it then becomes a precedent, a
law for future action.
In the view I entertain upon this subject I by
no means harmonize with a certain few of my
own political faith; men, too, to whom I would
humbly yield my views upon all questions of
mere policy. But upon a question in my judg-
ment involving the future unity of the States, I
cannot allow myself for a moment to believe that
the founders of this Government meant less than
they expressed in the preamble to the Constitu-
tion:
" We the people of the United States, En order to form
a more perlect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution."
It is unreasonable to believe that they intended
that any State might at pleasure, through its Le-
gislature or a convention of its people, and eyen
by a mere majority of one, break the bond of
union, and thereby, if not .directly destroy, «t
least hazard tha" blessings of liberty " to-
selves and posterity. The paramount object tftey
had in view" was to secure the ."'bkssin'g^ilpC.
liberty," and not only make t.hcm,secure for tfe$.
time, but to make them perpetual, ■■ Any object
less than this would-have been unwise,-if not
wicked. Less than tiiia would not httve justified
the Revolution. Lees than this, would bernQokery.
of statesmanship., Less than <thi|> would not jus*,
tify ,an effort, to harmonize the present discordant,
elements. They intended the blessings secured
to be lasting; the Union mide perpetual. In short,
a State once in the Union is,always in, except
that Union is broken by successful revolution-^.-
resplt not to be prevented by legal or constitu-
tional enactments, The powergrarued.to the.FIeii-
eral Government" to provide for calling fortli,the
militia to execute the lawsof the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions," clearly im-
plies that it was neyer intended thatthe people of.
any State should put themselves beyond the con-
trol of Federal authority by even armed resist,
ance, mudf less by the more harmless means of
legislative resplves. Hence the Federal Govern-
ment is clothed with military power to enforce
its laws in every State of the Union.
Each one of the original thirteen States in its
sovereign capacity agreed to abide by the prin-
ciples of the Constitution and all laws passed to:
pursuance thereof. In order to make this com-
plianc&,of the States certain,the Union permanent,
and to avoid any conflict among the States, a ju-
dicial branch of the Federal Government was
provided, whose power and duty are to decide all
questions arising under that instrument when pre-
sented, and thereby prevent any conflict that;
might arise between States or the Federal Gov-.
ernment and a State. But, sir, despite all these
checks and safeguards, so wisely incorporated
into the Constitution, whereby every wrong may
be redressed and every infraction corrected, we
find ourselves involved in two wars—the one the
most stupendous and bloody the world has ever
seen; the other as yet bloodless, but no less de-
structive to the spirit and genius of our institu-
tions, if successful.
I shall not iudulge in any argument tending to'
show what has brought upon the country the
former, if it were even proper so to do in this de-
bate. Suffice it to say that when the impartial
historian shall record the causes of this rebellion
he cannot fail to give those who have with so
much pertinacity thrust upon the country their,
higher-law dogmas, a prominent position in its
pages. "Of the latter I speak, for it is more befit-
ting the time and the occasion.
Sir, since my appearance within this Hall as a
member of Congress many bills have been pre-
sented that were in my judgment unauthorized'
by the Constitution ana revolutionary in their
character. Some have passed this body, while
others are still pending with at least fair indica-
tions of their passing this branch of Congress.
Among the most prominent of these was the bill
known as the confiscation act, which was char-
acterized for its inhumanity and subversion of the
plain intent and meaning of the Constitution, and..
the bill which .has so recently passed Congress
amending the Constitution, and the bill under con-
sideration.
Without any violation of parliamentary usage
I may be permitted to speak in reference to each
of the two last-mentioned measures, though but
one is now pending in Congress, for the reason
that both measures seek to accomplish the same
purpose in part, and the argument applicable to
the one is alike applicable to the other.
My colleague, [Mr. Ashley,] in his argument
infavorof the billamendingtheConstilution, held
that the votes of the States in rebellion were not
necessary, for the reason that they were not in
the Union; and the evidence that they were not
ill the Union was that they were not represented
upon this floor; and no State was known to be -
in the Union except when acting in haimony with
the Constitution.
That I may fully present his views, I quote his
own language:
" If the theory that a State onee a State is always a State
is to obtain in the national administration there is nosafety
orsec'iiiity for the Government. I do not know, sir, bow
you would have decided such a question if "i£ had been
raised under circumstances sucli as 1 have suggested; but
1 have faith to believe that you would liave decided as I
