1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
This question will c.nme up. It is only a question
of time. When it does come before the people
will gentlemen then be prepared to take the stump
against it? if not, the harmony of the rccord had
better now be provided for.
I remember a party, existing in the North as
well as the South, who were but recently notafiaid
to tamper with the Constitution, butwere clamor-
ous for an opportunity by which further guaran-
tees were to be secured to slavery, and can such
a party now logically refuse to concede the same
oppoitunity by which further guarantees to liberty
shall be secured and by which the question of
slavery may be forever put at rest? I ask that
the people shall have the right to reach this ques-
tion once and, as I hope, forever. Let us take
the chanccs even with all the votes of the former
slave States included. Do gentlemen of the free
Noith intend to do battle for slavery after the
slaveholders themselves have abandoned or are
ready to abandon it? I do not believe that is the
attitude they desire to assume here or on the page
of that remarkable history we are now making,
wherein it should be the ambition of all, if they
cannot obtain honorable notice, at least to escape
the scorn of posterity by a voluntary disappear-
ance from the public gaze.
But it is said that this question of slavery is
one of the reserved rights of the States which we
must not touch. It may be a proved traitor, pirate,
and murdeier, but is still too sacred to be touched
by military or even civil authority! I concede
that there are many rights reserved to the States,
yet if it were the conviction of two thuds of the
States that any one of these rights would be more
safely or more wisely exercised by the General
Government,;who shall deny their power to sur-
render any «ueh right to the control of the United
States? jjut slavery is a wrong; so lecogmz.ed by
the whole civilized world; and cannot claim im-
munity as a right. There is now practically hut
one amendment to the Constitution which w<^ are
not at liberty to make,and that relates to n w hoi ly
different subject, namely, " No State without ns
consent shall he deprived of itsequal Kuifmge in the
Senate." Anything else than this is as much an
open question a s it would be if we were now at
work framing a Constitution for the first time for
a free people.
In all the agitations which the question of slavery
has from time to time foiced upon the country, tlio
lustiest upholders of the domestic institutions of
the South, while denouncing what, thoy styled un-
constitutional mterk'ienco, have claimed lor theni-
celves the e>:u*ernest doctrines of demoeiacy, ac-
cording to the philosophy of JelFoiaon; and also
that, if living iu slave States, they would be abo-
litionists; and if they could constitutionally leach
the question they would not, fail to maintain the
doctrines of the Declaration of Independence
Now, the time has come when the sincerity of
these decollations will he tested. Now, the lime
has come when we shall see how many we.tr a
name having no valid title to it. Here is a chance
to show whether we are for or against slavery jn
the abstract. I feel sure some at least will stand
the fire and come out like lefined gold. There aie
some who will set aside party and vote accord mg
to the dictates of the manhood with which God
endowed them. These will not keenly calculate
whether a little more sacrifice is necessary m order
to endear them to some paity now in rebellion by
which the ascendency of their own political asso-
ciates mav be hereafter secured. Thoy may be-
lieve that for such an object no party in the North
is in a cond ition to make further expenditures for
such an object. That course has proved a very
exhausting process, and the most extravagant de-
mand cvei made in this direction, being a vote
against this amendment, if complied with will
prove bootless,and may much better he declined.
It is by no means certain that the dominant party i
of the South, when the repentant rebels aie again :
brought under the old Hag, will be of the luabg- I
nant States right or secession stripe, and in that I
case'the conciliation proffered heie m behalf of!
slavery would prove stale and unprofitable. The
true Union men arid the poor whites of the South '
will hereafter prove a power that will be heard ;
from. j
A rebellion that fails loaves no place for its 1
leaders. These, if not banished by Government, ]
are driven into obscurity by the people they have I
unworthily misguided. j
However ready gentlemen may be to welcome
back such chiefs as Davis, Slidell, and Mason,
they will never have the opportunity, for these
and all such as these will be kept in suait-jackets
at home, or they will moie likely skulk away to
such congenial courts as that of Maximilian I
or Pedro 11.
If it had not been for the disclosure of the dia-
bolical purpose of slavery to destroy our Govern-
ment, the people of the United States would doubt-
less have tolerated the institution wherever States
chose to continue and shield it until the density
of population should have made the soil too valu-
able to support anything but freemen.
But since this disclosure we should be cowards,
after having witnessed its powei for evil, after the
countless Ueasure and priceless blood we have
expended m the struggle, for our own preserva-
tion if we were to surrender our grip upon the
throat of the monster and thus permit him to re-
cover strength to repeat the atrocities of the last
four years upon those who will succeed us. We
owe it to ourselves and the world to close up this
quarrel so that it can never be reopened.
If it can be closed by a constitutional provis-
ion, what fairer mode can be devised r Certainly
rebel slaveholders who have waged a war ofunex-
atnplod inhumanity and ferocity to break the Con-
stitution ciuinotcomplain that we should by peace-
ful and proper means attempt to mend it.
It is sometimes asked whether the Constitution
as it was could have been adopted if it had been
foreseen at the time an umendmentlikc this would
ever be proposed; and iu ) eply it might be asked,
if the growth and the past and present histoiy of
slavery could have been foreseen, whether iu that
case the Constitution as it was could have been
adopted? This pioves nothing, save that the
wot Id moves and is not precisely m the condition
now it was then. Then slavery was expected
speedily to die out, and Madison, and many other
soutlnn n men in Congress, sought to cripple it by
taxing the introduction of slaves, which, under
the Constitution, could not be prohibited until
. lb'08. When 16(J8 amved the law was already
on the statute-book to interdict the further intio-
duction of slaves at the first possible moment.
We ail know Madison, in diafung the Constitu-
tion, studiously avoided any woids that would
furnish to future generations evidence that shivery
had ever existed in the young Republic. He at
I'Msf honeetly looked forwaid to the time when it
would all disappear, leaving iiu blot behind. No-
body fouraw how it would disappear, and per-
haps no one expected in the hour ot its most
colossal growth, and protected by fresh and im-
pregnable secut ities, that it would commit sun-ide.
J hit that is its taw. it haped into the lied Sea,
atid, like Pharaoh and hie host, it will be d i owned
—a fate that would make the morning stars of our
Constitution sing for joy; and shall any of us
mourn and icfuse to be comforted?
To what, end should suivery be continued?
Manifestly only that one half of the slave States
may breed and sell their slave stock to the other half
In one half of the slave Ste'es that was the only
way in which slavery could be made productive.
1 may be mistaken, but 1 behove this to have been
so; and it has been fa- from cieditublo to us as a
nation. I do not wish to deprive any State of
legitimate prosperity, and llieie is not one slave
State which, ten years after slavery shall have
been abolished, will not have more taxable wealth
than they ever dreamt d of before.
It is urged with some vehemence, if not elo-
quence, by the gentlemen from New York [Mr.
IjHooks] and fiurn Ohio [Mr. Cox] that we should
iiist send commissioners South offeuug terms of
peace on the basis of the Constitution as it was, and
then, if that shall he refused, as thoy know very
Well it Would be, they do not exactly promise a
homogeneity ju the North, butthey intimate that
the rebels would uo very naughty to ieject such a
pioposal, and they might venture to tell them
thai their project of independence would fail.
They do not ^ay that even then thoy would con- i
tinue Grant, Sherman, and Thomas in the field, 1
or vote for this amendment. In all seriousness, j
did not the rebels bieak with us when they had i
the Constitution us it was? How, then, could ;
tiiey come back and accept now whattheygirded 1
up their loins to fight against ? This woilld sadly j
militate against the idea of the gentleman fiom j
.New York, that eight million people could not |
be conquered. But the signs of the times show
that tlus proud people have been humbled and
more than half conquered. Thoy would noWgivd
up slavery to save their own necks from the com-
mon doom of rebels. General Sheridan has qui-
eted the rebel army of the Shenandoah; General
Thomas has annihilated the army of the Ten«<
nessee; General Grant bides his time, abundantly
sure of his piey; and General Sherman marches
where he pleases through the empire State of the
South, and the people of Savannah, twenty thou-
sand strong, not more wise or more ready than
the people of scores of other southern cities? under
the call of their mayor, have resolved that the
war, so far as they are concerned, is at an end.
They urge the State to follow its exdmple.
Let me record the voice of the citizens' meet-
ing in Savannah:
f< Whereas by the fortunes of war and the surrender of
the city by the civil authorities, Savannah parses once
moie under the authority of the United States; arid
wheieas we believe that the inteicsts of the city will be
bp«t subserved and piomoted by a full and hee expression
ot'ourvww&in )elatmn toourpreseuteonditjon : Wethere-
fofe,ihe people ot Jfavannah,iu full meeting assembled,<lo
heieby -
" Iletolvr, 1, That we accept the position, and in the
language ot the President of the United States, seek to
have < peace by laying down our «rm& and submitting to
the national authority under the Constitution,' i leaving
ail questions whieh icmain to be adjusted by the peaceful
means of legislation, conference, and votes.'
"Rcsohcd, '2. That, laying aside all difteicncesand bury-
ing bygones m ilie grave ot the past, we will use our best
endeavois once moie to bung back the piosperity and
eoinmeiee we once enjoyed.
u Ilcsolve*l*3, That we do not put ourselves in the po-
sition or a conquered eitv asking terms of a conqueror,
but we claim the immunities and privileges contained m
the proclamation ami mts*as:e of the President ofthe Uni-
ted States.-, and m all the legislation of Congress in refer-
ence to a people as we are; and while we owe on our
pai t a stiiet obedience to the laws of the United States,
we ask the protection ovei our peisous, lives, and property
j >oco<;mzcd by tho-c huvs,'
I '• Rcsoh-rd, 4, That we leepeetfully request his Excel-
| lencv the Governor to call a < onvention of the people of
I Ueoigu, by any con>tmitional means' in his power, to give
ilium an nppoitumly of voting upon the question whether
they wi-h the war between the two sections, of the country
to continue.
" Jicsolved, 5, That Major General Sherman having
placed as military commander of this po^t, Bngadier Gen-
eial Coaly, who ha-\ by bio mbanity as a gentleman and
bis uiiiloim kindness to our ciu/.en-;, done ali m his power
to piotcct them and iheir piopeity iiom insult and mjuiy,
it is the unanimou' desiic ot all piesent that he be allowed
to lemasn m hid present position, and that for the reasons
above stated the thanks ot the citizens are hereby tend-
u<'d to linn and the ofheeis undei his command.
'* Rcsoli cil, fi, That a.i o'lu .al copy of the.->e ic<-o!utions
be to the !'ievident of the United States, the Govi rnor
ot CJi oimo, C( neial Mieiman, and to each, the mayots> of
Au^u^ta, Columbus, Macon, and Atlanta."
There is no halting about this. They are will-
ing to come hark now and upon the terms pro-
claimed by the President. The leading rebels will
have a diifeivnt and more selfish policy, but one
far less acceptable to the people.
The organs of JetT. Davis at Richmond an-
nounce that the time iias come for them to save
themselves by giving up slavery. They propose
to put the negro into the last ditch rather'than go
there them seives. They will throw this Jonah
overboard if France and England will only guar-
anty to them a separation from us. If the people
of the Sout& do not at present love us, they have
at least learned to respect us. Theieis little dan-
ger to be appiehended by us fiom foreign rivals
who having usked their hate will not risk their
love.
To show that the rebels themselves are at last
conscious of being on the road to ruin, f give an
extract from a late copy of the Richmond Sen-
tinel, as follows:
'• We think that our late reveiscs have done much toward
prepaiing the lmrul* of om people for the mo-n extreme
oacriiice^it thny shnil be adjudged neces-^uj to the success
ot <>m cau-e. And m trutii they are imt Micririees at all
when competed with our situation. If subjugated, it is a
question Hinplv whether we shall tj,ve forour~own uses or
whether the Yankees (-hall take tor thexis. Subjugation
means emancipation and eontiscatioru
'•All on i servant* and all om propeity yielded up to assist
in the (h-ien^e of uur country would mean no moie, but it
would be t'ai moif1 glnriou- to devote oni means to oui suc-
cess than to lo-e them as -poils to tin* enemy, Oursitua-
uon, too, stnpped ot oui piopeity but master of iliegov-
«'i niu< nt, would be infinitely better than it despoiled by the
enemy and weaung his bonds."
That this i* not the sentiment of a single editor
only, 1 will give a portion of the comments of
the Richmond Enquirer upon the article, a part
of which I have just read, showing that even
in the rebel capital they are almost persuaded
