1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
longer an evil to be endured for a while, but a
blessing to bo perpetuated through all future time.
From our present stand-point the error of thus
having yielded to the slave power of the South is
clearly seen by the nation and more keenly felt by
the Democratic party. I need not say to the in-
telligent men who surround me that if the party
North had resisted this encroachment upon the
religious belief and northern sentiment forced upon
u§ by the South the war now waging would never
have been inaugurated. Better far for our country
and the race had we exerted our power and man-
hood at an earlier period in our history.
By many it is believed that a time of war is not
opportune for amending the Constitution under
which we have had such unparalleled prosperity.
Upon this point 1 have a clear, unerring guide in
my conscience, which tells me in a clear and dis-
tinct voice that in war or peacc, in sunshine or
storm,in prosperity or adversity,it is bestforin-
dividuals and nations to do right. My inquiry
upon this point is simply in that direction. I have
ever believed slavery wrong. The North have
always believed it. None can scarce be nowfound
who will claim that slavery is now, or has ever
been, other than'an evil. Hence, with these con-
victions, if I live until the day when the yote upon
this measure shall be taken my name will be re-
corded in the affirmative.
The past history of our country clearly illus-
trates the effect of the system of slave labor.
We have but to contrast the growth and advance-
ment of the States South with the North, to mark
the progress of each section, as shown by the cen-
sus, in religion, education, agriculture, mechan-
ical arts, and especially in material wealth. The
results given are most conclusive.
The South by rebellion has absolved the Dem-
ocratic party at the North from all obligation to
stand up longer for the defense of its 44 corner-
stone." They arc now using the very system
which this amendment proposes to abolish for
the overthrow of our Government founded on the
broad principles of right, justice, and humanity.
In their prosecution of the war against us, thQ
master is compelled by the laws of their congress
to place his slaves at the disposal of the military
authorities for our destruction. The time is at
hand when in for greater numbers this class will
be used against us as indicated by the discussions
now going on at the South.
We have information that is credible and must
be believed, that the authorities at Richmond are
now ready to liberate their slaves, and are willing
to abolish an institution for which they began
this war that they may the more certainly insure
our overthrow and destruction by securing for-
eign aid and recognition.
Shall we consent to present the strange specta-
cle to the world that we of the North have no
interest in the question of freeing the slaves when
the men most interested are willing to do it?
With these facts before me i have no question
as to my duty. We had better far at this time
break down the force and physical power of an
institution that is being used for our destruction
by our enemies.
Again, why should northern men,representing
upon this floor northern constituencies, hesitate
to permit such constituencies to vote for the free-
dom of slaves, when southern men, representing
slaveholders, ask us to rid them of this evil?
Another objection uiged against the passage of
this initial measure is that the slave States are not
represented upon this floor. It is no fault of mine
that their seats are vacant. The North has no re-
sponsibility in that matter. Their seats are vacant
because they were occupied by men faithless alike
to their country and their party; who represented
States which chose rather to rebel against their
Government than to enjoy the rights and blessings
it guarantied to them. The country and the party
have a just cause of.complaint againstthe tieason
and the traitors that have vacated these scats.
Had the representatives of the South stood firm
in their allegiance to the Government and sub-
mitted to its laws and been governed by its wise
provisions, we of the-North would have been
spared far greater evils than will ensue to the
South as a consequence of the proposed amend-
ment if it should be constitutionally adopted. I
fully believe that the debts due from the South to
the North alone, which by the legislation of the
southern States it has been made a penal offense
to pay, are more than equal to the value of all the
slaves held in southern territory. In addition,let
the blighted hearts, desolated homes, and the debt-
burdened people of the North vindicate this state-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, the effect of this action by this
body is only in its operation to submitto the peo-
ple, to your constituents and to mine, sir, the
proposition of amendment of the Constitution. It
remains for them to decide it by their suffrage.
We shall then all have with them an opportunity
of expressing our opinions upon the question at
the ballot-box. I know of no good reason why I,
as a Democrat, believing in the right of the peo-
ple to rule, should arrogate to myself, in my po-
sition as a Representative, the exclusive right of
a voice upon this subject. They have, under our
Constitution, an equal right with myself; and I
will notdepiive them by my action of the priv-
ilege of exercising; it.
Mr, Speaker, 1 am fully aware of the fact that
my position and intended action upon this all-
important question will not be in accord with
my friends upon this side of the Chamber. I
yield to none of them in my attachment to the
party with which I have ever acted. I cherish
as fondly as any the memories of the great and
good men that have been its standard-bearers,
and many of whom have passed away; and I
have as much confidence in its future, as a power
for good in the government of this great nation,
as any man in the country. Yet 1 believe this
thing of slavery has lifted its hydra head above
the Government of my country. It has been for
years a dead weight upon our party. And the
time, in my humble, judgment, has now come
when as a party we ought to unloose ourselves
from this dead body. We ought no longer to
consent to be dragged down by its influence. We
ought to accept the fuels of history as they are
transpiring around us, and march on with the
world in its progress of human events.
The times now favor, and th<i way is open for
the great Democratic party to turn its back upon
the (lark'past and its eyes upon the bright future.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting to Congress a copy of two treaties
between the United States and Belgium for the
extinguishment of the Scheldt dues, &c., con-
cluded on the 20th of May, 1863, and the 20th of
June, J 863, respectively, the ratification of which
was exchanged at Brussels on the 24th of June
last, and recommending an appropriation to carry
into effect the provisions thereof, relative to the
payment of the proportion of the United States
toward the capitalization of said dues.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the President of the United
States, transmitting a letter from the Secretary of
War, with an accompanying report of the Adju-
tant General, in reply to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of December 7, 1864, request-
ing him to communicate to the House a report
made by Colonel Thomas M. Key, of an inter-
view between him and General Howell Cobb, on
the 14th of June, 186*2, on the bank of the Chicka-
hominy, on the subject of the exchange of pris-
oners of war.
The communication and accompanying docu-
ments were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CONTINGENT FUND OF TJII3 TREASURY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
report oC the expenditure of the contingent fund
in the Treasury Department, for the year ending
June 30,1S64; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill making impropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1866; and asked
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, ordered to be printed,
and made the special order for Tuesday, the 17th
of January.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire that the right shall
be reserved to raise points of order on the bill
when it shall be taken up for consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to bo printed, and made the special order
for Tuesday, the 17th of January, after the morn-
ing hour.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and Mean!
the Senate amendment to an act (H. R. No. 597)
making appropriation for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States, for the
year ending June 30, 1866; and asked that it bo
considered at this time.
There being no objection, the"*§Mendment was
read, as follows:
Jlnd be it farther e)uzc£e<Z,«That the following sums be,
and tile same are hereby, appropriated to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the present lineal yeat:
For the payment of pensions under the acts of March 18,
3818, May 15, 1823, June 7, 1832, the thiid section of the
act of July 4, 1830, July 7, lS38,June 17, 1844, March 3,
1843, Febmary 2,and July 29,1848, and tho second section
of the act of February 3,1853, $65,000.
For tho payment of pensions under the first section of
the act of July 4,1836, act of July 20,1848, the first section
of the act of February 3, 1853, June 3, 1858, and July 14,
1862, $-3,500,000.
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom-
mended concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI MILITIA.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to place the soldiers of the Missouri State
militia on the same footing with other volunteer
soldiers m the United States service, with refer-
ence to bounties and back pay; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
TAX ON IMPORTED SPIRITS.
Mr, WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill directing the Secretary,.of the Treas-
ury to refund the taxes collected on spirits im-
ported prior to March 7,1864, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY AGAIN.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, it is not my in-
tention to discuss at this time and place the causes
which have inaugurated the terrible rebellion
which has already cost the Republic such a
frightful waste of life and treasure. It is enough
for mo to know that a death-blow has been aimed
at the heart of the American Union to feel indig-
nant at the outrage and solicitous to avert it.
It is enough for me to know that a sacrilegious at-
tempt has been made to break up the wisest form
of government that human wisdom ever devised,
to feel it my duty to join in the effort to chastise
the perpetiators of so groat a crime. I have not
approved of all that has been done under the sanc-
tion of the war power, i have deemed it proper
to protest, in the name-of the loyal and law-abid-
ing constituency 1 have the honor to represent on
this floor, against certain acts of the Executive
and Congress, which, in my opinion, have been
the means of prolonging this sanguinary war, but
I am settled m the conviction that secession is
treason, and that as such it must be put down
at all hazards and at any cost. It secession suc-
ceeds, republican liberties are lost forever, and
the Government, failing to vindicate its power,
would forfeit the consideration and respect of
every civilized nation on earth. If the heresy of
secession were to be recognized as a canon of our
political faith there would be an end to our gov-
ernment. Let Louisiana secede unhindered,and
then, when that act has been accomplished, what
is to ptevent her from handing that State over to
England or any other Power, commanding as she
does the mouth of the great Mississippi? This
she most assuredly has a right to do if she has
a right to secede, thus closing up the father of
