176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
waters" and excluding all the States on its bor-
ders from a market. The same rule would apply
to any other seceded State. Hence the duty of
every American patriot, whatever his station or
condition, to uphold theGovemmentin its efforts
to compel the seceded States to respect the Con-
stitution and the laws of the country. _ Upon this
conviction of duty I have everacted since the first
insult to our flag was offered. The same abiding
sense of the responsibility which rests upon me
as a Representative of the people in Congress-will,
I trust, carry me unflinchingly through whatever
phase may yet remain undeveloped in the fearful
drama which has been so long in process of ac-
tion. If the conduct of the war had not been
marked by some of the most staitling usurpations
of power that ever made a free people tremble for
their liberties, my voice should never have been
raised except in the way of encouragement and
of sympathy.
Much wonder has frequently been expressed,
Mr. Speaker, that in this fearful crisis through
which our bleeding country is now passing, in
the awful presence of the grand and sublime up-
rising of the people of this nation, no master
Spirit has yet risen in the midstof ourassemblage
capable to stay the uplifted hund and gifted with
that peculiar sagacity which employs the acquired
light of yesterday in the selection of a path for
to-morrow. Whatever may be the cause, it can-
not be denied that the present crisis has most sig-
nally failed in the production of those towering
intellectualities whose impress never fails to mark
itself deeply upon the mold of their times, and
which during all our former trials as a nation
have been wont to direct the destines of the Re-
public triumphantly through the fiery paths of
sedition and conspiracy. Hence the blunders
and mismanagements which have characterized
the conduct of this war. The spirit which was
wont to kindle the voices of former statesmen as
if with a coal from the altar is no longer ^mani-
fest in the places of power. Under these circum-
stances, and in view of the obstacles which we
may yet have to contend with before the blessings
of peace can be restored to our distracted count! y,
it behooves every man 111 the position 1 have the
honor to occupy, however humble his pretensions
or capacity, fearlessly to piesent his views on the
great questions now at issue, in order that out of
the very multitude of counsels some good and
practical result may be attained.
I have observed that the more entirely the ob-
jects which stand in the way of the execution of
'any purpose are ignored the more easy it becomes
to lay driwn plans for the perfect management ot
the jiffairs of the country, military and financial.
Overlook the rivers anil the mountains, the dis-
tance and the atmospheric phenomena, the reluc-
tance upon one side and the resistance upon the
other, and to construct the most infallible pro-
gramme for the suppression of the rebellion is
one of the easiest of undertakings. To overlook
the laws of trade, the limits of the popular power,
and the propensity of mankind to preler their own
to any other interest, and to prescribe a financial
policy which shall carry the country safely through
the war and its consequences, is a work not above
the powers of the most ordinary capacity. Individ-
uals entirely able at a single effort or less to solve
all the problems of our condition are easily to be
found. The country is rather redundant ot them
than otherwise. They cross us on all sides, in the
newspapers and on the street corners. Rut that
which alike marks all their solutions IS the omis-
sion of more or less and sometimes of all the
real elements of the calculation. " On to Rich-
mond" is easily said. "Older a levy en masse
and advance all along the line" isa suggestion so
magnificent as to give an air of pusillanimity to
the inquiry whether its execution is practicable.
Issue legal-tender notes ad libitum, tax without
measure, and borrow without limit, arc pieces
of advice which arc all the more acceptable, per-
hans, because they who propose them refi.iin
from disclosing that there are points beyond which
neither of these sources of revenue can be made
available. For my own part, sir, I shall not take
upon myself the invidious tusk of attempting to
solve the perplexing problem of the war, nor yet
of suggesting any panaceas for the cure of exist-
ing evils. i "simply desire to offer a few remarks
which are forced'upon me by the constantly re-
curring deviations from the avowed object for
which this devastating war was originally and"
authoritatively declaied to be waged. I feel that
I am somewhat entitled to the indulgence of the
House when I venture to raise my voice as a
warning to those in power that the mass of the
people no longer recognize them as .their rep-
resentatives in a glorious struggle; that they no
longer consider the war as a war for the salvation
of the country, but as having degenerated to a
strife about a collateral issue utterly foreign to
the cause which they entered so heartily to sus-
tain.
Sir, when the rebellion first broke out I had the
honor of being a member-elect of this body, and
from the day that I took my seat on this floor I
have never sought to embarrass the Government
in its efforts to bring back the seceded States un-
der the glorious flag of that Union which had pro-
tected them all so long and so well.
In the extra session of 1861 Congress declared
by a solemn act" that the war was not waged upon
our part in any spirit of oppression, nor for any
purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor for the
purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the es-
tablished institutions of those States, but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution,
and to preserve theUnion with all thedignity,equal-
ity, and rights ofthesevetal States unimpaired."
Had the noble and patrioticsentimentsenunciated
in that resolution been made the rule of action by
both branches of the Government the war would,
I believe, before this time have been terminated,
for whatever may be said of the proud and indom-
itable spirit with which the people of the South
have carried on the war, and of their attitude of
haughty defiance, I am fully convinced that if the
olive-branch had been tendered in that spirit of
magnanimity which becomes a dignified Govern-
ment after it has vindicated its power, the repent-
ant rebels, at least the greatest portion of them,
seeing the folly of their ways, would long ere this
have returned to their allegiance.
This Government did not begin the war. The
seceded States, at the time the rebellion was in-
augurated, had nothing to complain of;.no overt
act had been committed by the Government, none
of their prerogatives had been interfered with,
none of their citizens had been burdened by tax-
ation, all their lights and institutions wore under
the protection ot the United States. They have
gone out from among us under the false pretense
that they foresaw in "the future that they should
lose their just political power and influence in the
Union, and acting upon this self-imposed delusion
they have drawn the sword wantonly and will-
fully upon the Government and loyal people of the
United States.
What I mean by the term olive-branch, sir, is
the exhibition of a generous and conciliatory
spirit, which I regret to say has nothitherto char-
acterized our invitations to the peofile of the se-
ceded States to come back and be restored to the
inestimable privileges of American citizens. AH
our legislation on the subject, whether we look to
the confiscation bill, or to those other severe en-
actments which have called forth so much bitter
acrimony on this floor, have been marked by a
spirit of vindictivenessand oppiession utterly un-
worthy of a great and a Christian nation. Even
the proclamation of amnesty of President Lincoln
fails to hold out any hope of satisfactory resul ts,
because its provisions are not m accordance with
thefundamental principlcof self-government,that
the majority must rule.
There is in this plan for restoration so triumph-
antly heralded by the friends of the Administra-
tion an attempt at usurpation so offensive to the
people that no mind regulated by the usual dic-
tates of sanity and guided by the wisdom of the
Constitution could ever have claboiated. The
proposition made by the sole authority of the
President to constitute one tenth of the citizens
of a State the whole State, is so preposterous that
it can scarcely be regarded as serious. Were
such a proposition to be acted upon, the Govern-
ment would find itself placed even ill amore awk-
ward position than it occupies now, for it would
have to maintain a standing army in each of the
States thus surreptitiously broughtinto the Union,
in order to protect the dominant mnioiiiy from
violent aets, oil the part of that overwhelming
majority, which by this anomaly in legislation
would be totally disfranchised.
Sift, I am as strongly opposed as any of my
compeers on the other side of the House to there-
admission into the Union, with the right of slave
property, of any State where slavery has been
swept away by the onwaid march of our armies.
Whatever may be the object of the war, the prac-
tical result is the same, and that is the overthrow
of slavery in all those portions of slaveholding
territory which our armies subjugate; m these the
relation of master and slave ceases to exist. The
masters retreat as our forces advance, and carry
with them a portion of their slaves, but the greater
part remain behind and take refuge within our
lines; and the question is, what shall become of
them, and what are our duties in regard to them ?
The American people have behaved admirably
since this war broke out. They have shown an
energy and elasticity of spirit, a power of organ-
ization and combination, a readiness to make sac-
rifices, a patriotic devotion, worthy of the highest
praise. Let us not forget the claims of those un-
happy freedmen whom we have deprived of their
masters, their natural guardians and protectors.
The war is no longer waged for the purpose
of restoring the union of all the sovereign States
that are and ever were in our great national
communion, with all the purity and strength of
our precious Constitution undimmed and untar-
nished, but for the newly-avowed object of subju-
gation, extermination, and emancipation, until
every Southron shall be reduced to the most
crouching and abject submission, not to the Con-
stitution, but personally to those who hold the
sword and the purse of the country. Sir, I am
not prepared to join in any such crusade. I oc-
cupy the same platform to-day that I did on the
breaking out of the rebellion. I am in favor of a
vigorous prosecution of the war, by all constitu-
tional means, for the purpose of destroying the
military power of the rebellion; butlam not will-
ing to prolong this war a moment longer than ia
necessary to effect its legitimate object. The con-
sequences of a mistaken policy are too serious to
suffer me to be governed by the spirit of faction
on the one hand or influenced by subserviency to
power on the other. We have now arrived at that
Stage in the progress of the war when we should
consider the question of offering to the people of
the rebel States such conciliatory terms as are con-
stitutional, just, and practicable, and most likely
to lead to the reestablishment of the national au-
thority over the whole country. The terms and
conditions offered to the insuigents in the Presi-
dent's proclamation of amnesty are only calcu-
lated to inflame their hatred of the North and
impel them to renewed resistance. They are fla-
giantly at variance with the declarations volunta-
rily made to the people of the loyal States and
published to the woild. 1 desire to see such terms
offered as a proud and already chastened people
can accept without positive degradation to them-
selves—terms which shall recognize the existence
of the States with constitutions and forms of ad-
ministrations—terms, in short, calculated to divide
our enemies and draw the hearts of the repentant
people of the decaying confederacy toward our
Government. When those honoiable terms are
rejected, then I shall be willing to leave events to
the harsh and cruel necessities of the justice which
is vindicated by the sword.
But, sir, although the beneficent spirit which
pervaded Mr. Crittenden's resolution, to which I
have referred, was not allowed to exercise its
healthy influence over the deliberations of this
body, its provisions were tacitly adopted as a gov-
erning principle in the conduct of the war; so much
so, that when Generals Fremont, Hunter, and
Phelps, issued their pioclamations of emancipa-
tion, the Piesident revoked them all, declaring
again and again that he had no right under the
Constitution to emancipate the slaves. Those who
spoke in behalf of the Executive, and in elucida-
tion of his views, stated everywhere—in the public
streets, in conventions, and in the Legislatuies,
that the President was determined that the seceded
States on reentering the Union should be protected
ill all their rights. Governor Stanley, who trav-
eled five thousand miles, it is supposed at the ex-
press request of the President, that he might tiy
to persuade the people of North Carolina out of
the rebellion, stated in his speech of June 17,
1882, delivered at Washington, North Carolina,
that Mr. Lincoln was no abolitionist, that he
was the best friend the South had, and that all
the Administration wanted was peace. Gov-
