THE CONGRESSIONAI GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS 0E CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY E. & J. IilVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Eightii Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1865.
New Series No. 12.
ernor Stanley spoke according to instructions, as
many others had done before him in every section
of the country, which had the effect of producing
a strong feeling of reaction throughout the border
States, and of adding thousands upon thousands
to recruiting lists.
These assurances, Mr. Speaker, concerning the
alleged objects of the war were of so broad and
distinct a character that no man of welt regulated
mind could avoid confiding in them. For my
own part, I relied as implicitly upon these solemn
pledges as the magistrates of ancient Rome did
on the sibylline books when danger pressed the
eternal city. I should frankly have despised
myself had I suffered a doubt to rise in my own
mind as to the integrity of purpose which gov-
erned the action of the President. All that I
paused to consider was, that when he took his
oath of office he swore to maintain the Union and
enforce the laws; that had he attempted to trifle
with the sacred rights of the people, and allow a
Government to be broken up which he had sworn
to preserve, he would have acted contrary to the
requirements of the Constitution, and deserved to
be impeached upon these solemn convictions. I
rallied all my feeble strength to the support of the
Government, the Constitution, and the Union,
looking upon secession as eternal war, and recog-
nizing this great principle: that we are one peo-
ple, that one we will remain, and one we will die.
1 am well aware, sir, that my course m sus-
taining the war policy of the President has sub-
jected me to considerable animadversion, and that
my motives of action have frequently, and some-
times wickedly, been misconstrued by those who
either could not understand the emeigencies of the
occasion or who preferred seeing this great Repub-
lic split up into fragments rather than yield one
iotaoftheirprejudices. But, sir, there is one tribu-
nal to which 1 appeal with feelings of pride and
confidence from the judgmentof disunionists: itis
the tribunal of my conscience. The verdict which
I find recorded there will sustain me under all cal-
umnies and vitupeiations. When the day shall
come for me to render an account of my steward-
ship to my constituents, I shall be able to show
them that in denouncing treason and in sustaining
the Government in its efforts to put down rebels
in arms i have been true to myself, to my coun-
try, and to the sternest requirements of the Dem-
ocratic creed. How much the Democratic party,
acting as a party, through its organization will
do to bring back peace to the country, it is im-
possible to predict. It will depend upon the
steadiness with which it adheres to what are ad-
mitted to be Democratic principles. To expect
to return to sound practices in the Government
through the medium of a party which, from any
suggestions of expediency, however plausible,
departs from its principles, is, of all expectations,
the most irrational. Peace will return; the war
fury is a passion which exhausts itself. But
however desirable peace may be, we ought to be
united in the determination that when it comcs
it should bring with it the union of the States
under the Federal Constitution. Those who fail
to recognize this national exigency are not imbued
with the true spirit of Democracy; they have read
the signs of the times to very little purpose. The
Democratic party is essentially a party'of prog-
ress, and those who aspire to be its leaders ought
at least to have common sense enough to know
that we are in the midst of a great revolution and
that revolution is progress.
The only issue before the people at this time is
the issue of Union or disintegration. I admit that
the country needs peace, and I am anxious to se-
cure it; but I do not want to getit by indirection.
In my judgment, the only feasible plan of res-
toration is a vigorous prosecution of the war, or
the proffer of conciliatory terms to those who are
willing to renew their allegiance to the Federal
Government. These are the only paths which
lead to peace, and 1 want the people to under-
stand the stern reality of the fact. It is a great
mistake, sir, to suppose that political truth and
naked fact are meat too strong for their digestion,
12
and that the reality must be largely diluted with
romance in order to render it patentable to them.
1 sinccrely believe that the best way to deal with
the people, in order to secure their support to a
just cause, is to place before them the true issue
in the distinctest manner. I believe, furthermore,
that good causes have failed moie frequently
through the cowardice and double-dealing of pro-
fessed politicians, under the presumption that the
people could only be made to do right by deceiv-
ing them and playing upon.their prejudices, than
from all other causes combined. In the huriy
and spirit of the hour men are a little too apt to
think doubt and consideration evidences of dis-
loyalty, and caution and patience vices rather
than virtues. This error has been made several
times since the war began, and has resulted in
great depression among the people, when the truth
dispelled the brilliant anticipations of enthusias-
tic hopes.
It would seem to a superficial observer that
rapid advances are being made m the overthrow
of popular liberty, that the people are supine and
indifferent on the subject, that one essential re-
quisite after another of a popular Government is
being swept away in the mad vortex of fanaticism
and passion, until hardly the form of our grand
old fabric of constitutional liberty remains as a
mournful memento of the glorious past. To
those, however, who more critically analyze pub-
lic events, it will be seen that all grave questions
outside of the restoration of the Union have been
merely postponed until the termination of the
war. The people have been taught to revere the
Constitution and the Union. The conviction of
their judgment is that the structure of our Govern-
ment is well adapted to develop the commercial,
agricultural, and industrial resources of the coun-
try, and to promote the general prosperity and
happiness. The Constitution in its operation prior
to the rebellion contained every safeguard requi-
site for a prosperous career. The history of
every nation demonstrates that its citizens will
accept the form of government best calculated to
give protection to per/son and property, and to
promote the general welfare. Trade, commerce,
agriculture, and all the industrial pursuits, thrive
under a stable Government and languish and
perish under the opposite one. Under the Con-
stitution the equilibrium is well preserved. The
passage of a law leqmres the cooperation of this
honorable body, the Senate, and the Executive.
If we pass an unconstitutional measure, the Sen-
ate operates as a check; if both bodies pass such
an act, the President can veto it; if all cooperate,
the Supreme Court can interpose its decision and
declare the act void. I know of no nation in
which the rights of the people are more carefully
and admirably guarded. In addition, this is the
only country m modern times that has thus far
successfully demonstiated the capability of the
people for self-government. This problem is now
on trial. For these reasons, when the rebellion
began, the people with great unanimity rallied to
the support of the Government without respect
to party; such unanimity continued until the pros-
ecution of the war was diverted from the original
object, the restoration of the Union, and a series
of measures was inaugurated, such as confisca-
tion, abolition, emancipation, suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus in the loyal States,and others
of a like character, which divided the North and
united the South; abolitionism abolished slavery
in the District of Columbia; confiscation merely
enabled property to be confiscated in such parts of
the country as have been recovered from the rebels;
the emancipation proclamation has done nothing
more, as yet, than the legitimate operation of the
war power would have achieved, that is, liberated
slaves where the Army has secured possession.
It is evident, in myjudgment, that the whole policy
of the Government has been, since the adoption
of the Crittenden resolution, to postpone indefi-
nitely the close of the war. Entertaining these
views, 1 deemed it my duty to oppose all these
collateral issues, such as arbitrary arrests, confis-
cation, suspension of the writ of/ia6«<w corpus and
the freedom of the press in loyal States, and
emancipation, as having a tendency to retard a
successful issue to this most deplorable war.
Many honorable members of this House for
whom i have great respect supposed that these*
measures, great in themselves, and especially that
of arbitrary arrests, were paramount in the publia
mind, and would overshadow alt other ques-
tions. I concede the gravity of the point involved,
but still, great as that and the other collateral*
issues are, the people regarded the life of the na-
tion and the problem of self-government as para-
mount, and desired these issues first settled before
Sermitting others to engross their attention. The
'nion restored orsepaiation accomplished,these
grave questions will then become a subject of
serious inquiry, and the culpable parties be held
responsible for the inroads made upon personal
rights and liberty.
In addition to the series of measures to which
I have referred, we are now called upon to sanc-
tion a joint resolution to amend the Constitution
so that all persons shall be equal under the law,
without regard to color, and so that no person
shall hereafter be held in bondage. I might ob-
ject to this amendment, sir, upon the ground that
to prohibit the establisliment or continuance of
slavery as a legal relation would be virtually to
admit that it may exist as such legal relation,
and that such an admission in the Constitution
would leave that instrument, in respectto human
liberty, in a worse state than it is at present.
Upon this point, however, 1 do not intend to cn-
latge; for, as 1 understand it, the fact of servitude
among a people will be little affected by any pro-
vision which their constitution may or may not
embody.
Sir, it would seem to me that the sum total of
the wisdom of the ruling party is contained in
the dogma that the negroisexactly like the white
man. To some it may seem that this is not very
much, hardly enough to constitute the foundation
of a political system and an administration policy
for a great nation and a numerous people; but tins
is a matter of opinion. Some may suppose that
the basis of apolitical system ought—observing;
the uses of science m geneial—to be laid upon
some fact the existence of which iscapableof de-
monstration; but, sir, we, the people of the Uni-
ted States, are trying great and sublime experi-
ments in politics, and if we can succeed in making
something stand upon nothing, will it not show
that we are justly entitled to that reputation for
political sagacity and adroitness which we have
been considerably more ready to. claim than the
benighted statesmen of Europe have been willing
to accord ? So far as I can see, Mr. Speaker, in
any form of civilization resembling our own, ser-
vitude will always exist; and servitude rendeied
necessary by circumstances which the servile
party cannot contiol, is bondage. Bondage will
differ in form, as it is modified by the character
1 of the pai ties between whom it exists, and i t will
differ in intensity as it is affected more orless by
external conditions. The relation of master and
servant in the South is natural to this extent: ilia
the relation into w-hich the white and black races,
being brought together, naturally fell under the
influences of mutual necessities for personal se-
: curity, social tranquillity, and subsistence. The
relation of master and servant in Great Britain is
affected by the pressure of a costly Government,
which diaws from labor, through capital, the
means to defray its annual expenses. Seivitudes
differ in degree and they differ in kind, but the
most important difference of the two—the one
that is at once the most significant and the least
changeable—is the difference in degree; a man
may be nominally fiee, but if he is a workman
i without capital, and lives in a state of society of
i which it may be said " once a peasant always a
. peasant; once a factory operative always a factory
| operative;"ifthe constant htborofhis body when
: in health is only just sufficient to provide him
I with food and clothing, and if old age, or a few
i diiys of illness, inevitably reduce him to pauperism
1 or starvation, he has little to boastof his freedoms
