1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
179
tions, and yet in almost the same sentence bo
Bays, " If you want a man as President who will
do otherwise than 1 have (lone on theslaveiy
question you must find him and put him here, for
1 shall not change my opinions.5' Arc we not as
honestly convinced that we are right, and were
right then, as the President of the United States
is convinced that he is light? Have we not the
same right, and is it not equally our duty to act
on our convictions, as it is his right and his duty
to act on his convictions ? 1 know of no obliga-
tion resting upon a member of this House to
change his views at the bidding of the Pres-dont
of the United States, or " any other in author-
ity, "notre&tingon thePresidenthimselftochange
his mind at the dictation of Congress; yet he
says he cannot change, but the gentlemen of the
House of Representatives can, and he hopes they
will. Well, 1 fear some of them will. The wish
or order of the President is very potent. He can
punish and reward. 1 repeat that the only potent
influence I have seen brought to bear upon this
House to induce them to change their action of
the last session is this request of the President of
the United States.
My colleague, [Mr. Teaman,] who addressed
the House this morning, in giving the reasons
why he should cast his vote in favor of this res-
olution of amendment, stated that he should do it
to end this rebellion, and to restore peace to this
land. He stated that lie did not believe that sla-
very was the cause of this rebellion; that he had
so announced in former times. But he believed
that the abandonment of slavery now would end
the rebellion and iestoie peace; and that this
could be done by this proposed amendment to the
Constitution.
1 can not see the matter in the same light m which
my colleague regards u. Sir, how would the
adoption of this amendment to the Constitution
end this rebellion and the agitation of the slaveiy
question? If, when Uwetedone, it were so well
done as my colleague supposes; if it would re-
store concord and harmony among the States and
people, then 1 should be willing to have it done
quickly, i would not oppose it any longer; i
would give in my adhesion to it, and take the step
that my colleague proposes to take. Uut I cannot
see it in that light. How will the adoption of tins
amend men tend this subject? Does the mere abol-
ishment of slavery thioughout the United States
by a constitutional amendment settle all the great
questions springing up in relation to that institu-
tion ? Does it not multiply and complicate the
difficulties which surround us? As the thing
stands now we know what it is; we know how it
is controlled; we know how it has been governed.
We h ave been accustomed to it. We know the
condition of the negro race. But, sir, adopt this
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and by one fell swoop declare this race
fiee throughout this broad land, and what are you
going to do then with these liberated negroes?
Mi. YEAMAN. My colleague will allow me
to say a word. He appears to have understood
me to have maintained that the death of slavery
would end the rebellion. 1 did not take that po-
sition. 1 took the ground that the adoption of
this amendment would remove from these [-lulls
one of the disturbing elements that now exist, as
well as take from the rebellion one of the princi-
pal sources of its suength. 1 have not contended
that the abolition of slavery would end the icbel-
lion. That, sir, must be done by the armies in
the field.
Mr. AlALLORY. Well, Mr. Speaker, my col-
league says that the adoption of this amendment
would lemove from these Halls one disturbing ele-
ment of discussion. 1 diiFei with him in that le-
spect. As I said before, we know iiow siuveiy
nowexists; we know what laws govern and con-
trol it; we know what rights maintain Jt. We
know all about it. We know the vxtntusof the
negro. But adopt this amendment to the Consti-
tution, and so far from removing a disturbing e!e-
mentof discussion, do we not introduce hundreds
of distiacting questions in the place of that one
which we propose to get rid of, and springing from
this very act necessarily? 1 renew the inquiry,
what does the gentleman propose to do with the
negroes if they be liberated by this constitutional
amendment? Does my colleague hold that they
should remain m the States m which they may be
when freed? Sir,! know hundreds of the Repub-
lican party—or I did know hundreds of them in
former times; 1 do not know what their opinions
may be now—who were bitterly opposed to this
policy; who would have fought to the bitter end
against setting free the negroes to remain in the
States where they were freed, and to control the
destinies of this Government by the exercise of the
elective franchise, maintaining an equality with
the white man, socially, civilly, politically. Do
they entertain that opinion now? Does my col-
league entertain it? Is he, are they, now in favor
of the negro remaining when freed in the States
whoie freed, enjoying the right of suffrage, polit-
ically the equal of the white man?
Whsit is to be done witl* the negroes who may
befieed? Is not that a disturbing question? Is
not that art exciting question? If you are to send
them out of the country, where are you to send
them ? What nation on the face of the globe would
be willing to receive them? Do you say, " Send
them toAfnca?'> How will you get them there?
This is a rich Government; it is a powerful Gov-
ernment; it is a Government that can, according
to the theory acted on by this Administration, do
whatever it pleases* provided the greenbacks will
hold out. But I ask the question, and I would
like the chmrman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, or the Secretary of the Treasury, or some
other distinguished man who knows all about
our financial condition, to answer it. 1 ask the
question, is this nation able to deport and col-
onize the three or four million slaves that will
be sot free by the amendment now proposed?
Can you raise the twelve or fifteen hundred mil-
lions, or the two thousand millions, that will be
necessary for this purpose? Millions have now
come to be regarded as so insignificant that per-
haps I cannot excite the alarm of gentlemen on
this subject unless I name some six or seven
thousand millions. I do notknow what amount
it will icquire; but the sum is enormous. This
Government now is oppressed with debt and la-
boring under financial difficulty. The wits of
its wisest financiers are severely taxed to devise
the ways and means to continue the present war.
Mr. Mai.lory's time having expired, Mr.
Yoorhkes was recognized as entitled to the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I am very much obliged to
my friend. I thought I would have concluded
by this time.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not expect to occupy
more than a small fraction of an hour. The gen-
tleman can either speak in my time or the House
can extend his time.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the gentleman
from Kentucky have leave to proceed.
The SPEA ivElt. For how long?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not expect to occupy
more than fifteen minutes.
Mi. KASSON. I wish to nsk the gentleman
fiom Indiana whether this arrangement will pro-
long the extent of his participation in the debate ?
I ptopoxe to speak on this subject, and I would
like to know whether my remarks will probably
be carried over to a very late hour in the evening.
Mr. VOORHEES. I shall not occupy the floor
more than fifteen minutes.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I have sug-
gested why, financially, we cannot agiee to the de-
piuMat ion of this clabs. But that is not the only one.
Humanity conies in and forbids tins thing. Will
you take tins man, for whose freedom you have
worla d so loci: and with so much pretended phi-
lai'thiopy; Will you take these beings whom you
piop-ise to iaise from what you call their present
abj'Ct condition to one of freedom and equality;
will you take them forcibly and carry them from
the land they love and place them whore they do
not want to go ? Is that your humanity ? Why
not let him stay in the condition when: he is con-
ten ted and happy? Wheie will you carry him-'
Oh, no; this is not your purpose! I know that
it was the puipose of some of the gentlemen on
that sid..-* of the House. Their number has be-
come "small by decrees and beautifully less."
I know that that party have been " whittled down
to the httle end of nothing.5> [Laughter.] Thete
is nothing of it scarcely remaining. But there
are some gentlemen who still think that they ought
to be colonized.
I now mak'- the docktwUion, and I believe that
time will piovc ujj mulu I know that gentlemen
arc unwilling to accept it as true at this time; I
make the declaration that the purpose of the party
in power is to retain them in the States where they
are freed by force and power if necessary, and to
preserve them there as an element of political
power, to be used through all time for the purpose
of keeping con trol of the Federal Go vernmen t, and
the control of the States in their hands. That pur-
pose has been indicated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] in his effort to pass
the freed men's bill, it has shown that it will be
the effect of that bill to erect an invpe'rvumin imperio
in every State in the Union where these slaves are
freed, to have m them ail a large class of men who
shall be kept from the control of. State laws and
held under the control of the Federal Government.
This has been proved recently in Maryland by
the interference of the military power to take from
the control of the orphans'court the young slaves
hbeiated there who were bound out to their mas-
ters in accordance with the laws of thatState; and
the announcement of the military commander
that these young freemen should not have their
status fixed by the laws and courts of Maryland,
but that it should be fixed by the authorities of
the United States.
Well, sir, having been freed by the party in
power they will during all time be the friends of
the party in power; and when their reconstruc-
tion policy comes to be carried out, and State af-
ter State is brought back by force, and not will-
ingly, into the Union, how long, I ask you, will
it be before this power will enable them to con-
trol the General Government and fix the destinies
of this Union indefinitely? That may be a strong
reason, Mr. Speaker, why they now urge this
amendment, i have no doubt that that is their
leading motive. And m the name ofGod, isit nota
motive for me, and every man who loves the insti-
tutions of his country, for every man who wants
to see thisagreat free Government, controlled by
the white men during all time, to oppose it ?
Sir, I am not indulging in a vain supposition
when I make this statement. Facts prove that I
am right. Already those who claim to be the
leaders of the Republican party, who claim to be
the guides of its opinions, those who have from the
time that that party was incepted, organized,and
came into power, manipulated, controlled, and
educated it to the stand-points wherever they
thought proper to carry it, have avowed this as
their purpose. And they will continue to lead it
to the attainment of their purposes and objects in
the future.
1 do not know but <4ic gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] contemplated such an end and such
a purpose. I do not know that he is not one of
the illumnali who are undertaking to educate this
whole land in the belief in thedestiny of the negro,
which is to place him not only upon an equality
with the white man but above him in ail respects.
Sir, that is the policy of a distinguished gentle-
man fiom Missoui i, (Gratz JJrown,) who recently
wrote a communication to the Democrat, pub-
lished m St. Louts, in which this purpose is
avowed. That gentleman, the ''higher law"
leader of that State, one of those who guide the
public sentiment of the Umt< d States; one of that
radical set, once so odious and now so powerful;
and which.has compelled the modeiate and con-
servative men of the pat ty to come into their views;
that gentleman has avowed this as his purpose.
I read that communication not with surprise, but
with horror. It was addressed to tUg State of
Missouii nnd to the convention which is to as-
semble theie. He tells them thatthree things are
necessary in order to secure that freedom to the
negro which they propose to give. The first is
a radical change in the judiciary of Missouri—
the putting upon the bench a man who will sup-
poit him in his view.4 of n"gro rights; the second
js that the elective fumchiso and freedom must
go hand in hand, and the negro who is made free
by the action of that convention is to be invested
with the right of the elective franchise equally
with the white man, and the right and power to
hold office; and in the third place, for fear that
this potent agency will not enable him to oarry
out his object of controlling that State, he goes,
further and lays down the doctrine that every
white man in the State of Missouri who opposes his
policy, every one engaged in the rebellion, includ-
ing not only those actually in rebellion but those
who go under the name of rebel sympathizers, mus$
