182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
by a two-thirds vote in Congress and by three
fourths of the States, which you are controlling
by your armies. Look at the State of Kentucky.
At this time and at the last election the Federal
soldiers were scattered all over the State. You
could not go to a town or cross-road or railroad
station without finding it bristling with bayonets.
The soldiers were there at the last election, in-
timidating voters and driving them from thepolls.
And yet you propose the mockery of submitting
this measure to the people under such circum-
stances. Let me relate a few incidents that have
taken place in Kentucky recently. Nearly every
public press in the State of Kentucky, so far as 1
know,that does notsustain thepolicyoftheAdmin-
istratiori, has been suppressed by military author-
ity. No paper is allowed to appear there that is
notbound to advocate their policy. I do not believe
there exists a public print m the whole State of
Kentucky that is not so controlled. Not by di-
rect military order, but by trade regulations, by
which no editor can buy paper and materials for
his office, or sell his paper when printed, without
suffering great inconvenience; for the in%n who
does not support the policy of the Administration
is denounced as disloyal and not entitled to sup-
port. You have your hands upon every man in
that country. Your officers say to this man and
to that, 1 want this property and that, and I
intend to have it; and you who do not vote for
Abraham Lincoln shall never receive a cent for
your property; while those of you who do vote
for him shall be fully paid." Even at this very
day, in the State of Kentucky, we are called upon
to support this amendment of the Constitution,
and to legalize what under the laws of the land has
hitherto only been robbery.
1 could enumerate many an outrage that has
been committed upon our people. We had an
instance in the last election foi judges of our su-
pieme court. Our candidate—Judge Duvall—
was a man who had served upon the bench, and
who was up for reelection. He was allowed to
run until two days before the election, when or-
ders went out to strike his name off the poli-
books, and he to be arrested and cast in prison;
and the orders were carried out in regard to poll-
books. It was probably thonghtthat there being
but two days before the election the people of
that district would not have time to nominate an-
other man for the office. But it so happened that
some men took an interest in the matter, put up
another gentleman—Judge Robertson—and by
telegraph endeavored to spread the intelligence of
the nomination all overJ,hedistiict,beingtwenty-
three counties, nevertheless he received more votcn
than the candidate of the Lincoln paity, who had
been many weeks a candidate, and probably been
all over the district, and known to the whole coun-
try.
1 myself have been called a rebel bccause 1
would not fc>w the knee to power, and vote the
.ticket according i<> dictation. Never, so help me
God, will I vote for anything winch I believe to
bo wrong; never will I bend the knee before the
footstool of power, although " thrift may follow
fawning."
In my district, under the pressure of military
power, two or three irresponsible men, hardly
known in the county, some of whom I confess I
did not know, although m my own county where
I have lived all my life, were put upon the boaid
of trade, and every man who desired to buy or
sell anything, a horae, or cow, or supplies of any
kind for his family, was compelled to go to them
and get a permit before he moved it.
What more? All the railroads in the State of
Kentucky are now in the hands of the Govern-
ment and Government agents, and throughout
the whole State they are taking every negro that
comes to She roads and running them olf to the
borders of the State. For what? • Is it for the
benefit of the Government of the United States?
Is it to aid in putting down the rebellion? No,
sir; many are taken to the North and put. into the
Army, that the men of the North may get lid of
serving in the Army, and thousands of dollars
are made by this stealing of our property by in-
dividuals for their own benefit.
Not long ago it seemed that the Government
wasaimost getting into difficulty with Great HrU-
ain about recruiting in Ireland, contrary to the
lawsofthat country, It turned our, if the news-
papers tell the ti uth, that Aitt^&achudutis liuU her
agents all through that country, and were ship-
ping men from there to save her own citizens.
With the means she had made by her trade with
the South, and the profits she had made upon the
products of slavery, she was enabled to send her
emissaries all through our country, and into Ire-
land, and buy up reciuits to save her own citi-
zens from going into the Army.
Now, why is this thing done? Why is the
Federal Government carrying on this system in
Kentucky and other loyal States? If you take
away from a man that which he considers to be
justly his own, you make him desperate, and
he will retaliate upon you. You can never by
oppression make a man obey willingly the laws
of his country. Act justly toward him; let him
see that he has a Government which will protect
him, and lie will love that Government. But op-
press and rob him, and he will despise and hate
you.
As I said before, you made a solemn declaration
to the State of Kentucky that you had no legal
power to interfere with slavery in the States. The
President of the United States said so m his in-
augural address. Mr. Seward, by the direction
of the President, in his letter to Mr. Adams said
that we had no right to interfere with this insti-
tution, and that it would remain the same after
this war, whether the rebellion succeeded or not.
And why? Simply because the. United States
Government,in its proper province, has no right
to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States. To be more accurate, I \v:'.i read a passage
from that letter, dated April 2S, 1861. He says:
"The condition of slavery in the several States will re-
main just the s atno, whether it ("the revolution] succeeds
or lails. There is not evui a pit-text lor the complaint That
the diMiffcM'U'd Suites arc to he conquered by the United
Statey it liie ievolution lail; foi the rigliN of the Stare, and
the condition of every human bring in (hem, will icinani sub-
ject to exactly the same law?; and lorins of administration
whether the revolution shall succeed or whether it shall
fail." * * * * "It is hardly nece-^ary to
add to thi* moon testable siatenir nt the iuithei fact that the
new Pie-ud'Mit, as well as the citizen--? through whose s-nt-
Irages lie has come into the Administration, lias always le-
pudiated all designs whatevei and whenever imputed to
him ami Uhuji, ot distil)Inn? the system ol slaveiy as it i^
e\isiin<* nndei the Constitution and laws. The eas>e, how-
evei , won hi not be fully pi evented if i were to omit to >ay
that any tnth cfjoiton hn part would be unconstitutional, and
at' h>a nctio7is i?i (hat dhection would ho pi evented hv the ju-
dicial i.utkonty* even though they weie assented to by Con-
gress and (he people."
Thus,in addition to the obligation imposed by
the Constitution, you have pledged your sacred
honor that you will not do this thing; and if now
you commit this act, which you have solemnly
declared you had no right to do, and would not
do, then you will commit a groat outrage on my
State, and my State alone, because it is the only
State now interested in tins question, the other
bouler States having already taken steps to abol-
ish slavery within their limits.
When you declared that you would not pcr-
peliate this outrage, we believed you—at least i
did. When these troubles broke out I declared
before my people that you would never mteifeie
with the rights guarantied to the States by the
Constitution; that you would stand by your
pledged honoi,your plighted faith. 1 had confi-
dence in your pledges,and I endeavored to infuse
that feeling of confidence into those of my fellow-
citizens with whom 1 had any influence. Sir,
when I come again face to face with the men to
whom I gave that assurance, many of them having
taken opposite ground to that which I maintained,
how shall 1 answer them when they say, " Did
we not tell you that when they got us in their
power they would oppress us as they pleased?*'
Mr. Speaker, in the adoption of tins amendment
you northern men will be merely carrying out to
the letter the charges made by your enemies; you
will bevenfying the predictions made by disloyal
men. You, by your own act, are now justifying
every chaige and insinuation made against you,
and which I repelled with ail my power. It is a
matter of justice to my State and to my people that
you should not perpetrate this flagrant wrong
upon them m defiance of all your pledges hereto-
fore made and as further evidence upon the subject,
let me read a resolution passed by the Congress
uf the United States in February, 18G1:
kiResolved, That neither the Confess of the United
Ptates nor tin* people noi soverninent^ of the non->la veliold-
liiir Sriies itavethe constitutional ii^ht to fe./Mate upon ut
mi'-nVre with tiavery ni any ot the tlavelioldmg SUtcaof
UUri Uiuo.4,'-"
That resolution was passed unanimously by the
Congress of the United States; and among those
who voted for it are many gentlemen, leaders of the
Republican party, who are now members of this
House. Where will these gentlemen stand to-
day when the vote is taken? Will they so vote
that the record will show they proved faithful to
their plighted honor and their solemn oaths to
support the Constitution; or will they prove that
they have been recreant to their duty?
This is not simply a question of policy. By
the adoption of this amendment you are also strip-
ping us of our political power; you urcstripping
us of our representation in this House. P>y the
Constitution, our representation m this House
depends upon the slave population of the State,
and if you carry out this scheme you will deprive
us of two members of Congress. -Thus you pro-
pose to violate, in a vital particular, the compact
into which the States entered.
When the constitutional compact was assailed
by armed treason, you called upon us to come
forward to assist in the suppression of the resist-
ance to the Constitution and the laws. We re-
sponded to that call. We sent forward our men
and contributed our means, relying on the pledges
which you gave us that those men and means
would be used only for the maintenance of the
Constitution and the restoration of the Union,and
that you would not invade any of the constitu-
tional rights of the States nor attempt to interfere
with their domestic institutions. But, in spite of
this pledge, you now propose to rob us of our
property and our political rights. I appeal to the
justice of this nation, I appeal to you as honest
men, to comply with your constitutional obliga-
tions and your promises on this subject. If these
outrages are to be perpetrated upon us, let mesay
that instead of putting an end to this war you
will protract it, and instead of putting an end to
these troubles you will multiply them a thousand
fold. Then, instead of making friends you will
only make enemies, and lose many friends you
now have.
1 had hoped, Mr. Speaker, that we would stand
together as brothers, that the rights of each State
would have been respected, that the Constitution
would not have been infringed. Hut such I am
grieved to say has not been the case. It is now
proposed to deprive the master of his shave with-
out compensation. It is wrong in every point of
view, trie, the master, has the same i ight to his
slave that he has to any other kind of property
whatever. It is protected by the Constitution of
the United States as well as by the State laws.
And it is no small matter to undertake to deprive
the people of Kentucky of all of their slave prop-
city. You propose to take all that many of them
have in the way of property, and then to call
upon them for taxes and for their quota of troops
to carry on this war. Kentucky has supplied
her share of taxes and troops willingly hereto-
fore, as willingly as any other State of this Union.
What will be the necessary result if these pro-
posed outrages be perpetrated upon her citizens?
When you have taken all they have, you cannot
expect taxes; nor can you expect them willingly
to fight a war for the purpose of taking away
from them their slave property.
I do not want you, Mr. Speaker, to understand
me as advocating the rebel cause. The rebels
have had nothing fodo with this question. It is
a question between the General Government and
a loyal State, and not a re be) State. It is m that
Ijoht that 1 am discussing it. As betwem the
Government and the rebels I take, as I have done
all along, the part of the Government.
Carry out the policy which it is now proposed
to be inauguiated, and this will be only the be-
ginning of a series of outrages. The whole frame
of the Government will be changed. You will
have revolutionized the Government to which you
try to compel the rebels to yield submission. You
go' to war to restore the Union and yet change the
oiganic, fundamental huvs of the Union. Von
whip the rebels back into the Union, and yet
when they are whipped back the old Union has
departed. Is it not a strange anomaly ? I want
the Constitution and the Union as they were.
Mr. Speaker, I have hea.rd it contended that
theie is no such thing as independent States. Let
us go back a little. When the thirteen colonics
belonged to Great Britain—I mean the oiinitial
thirteen—they were independent of each other.
