948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
and for this reason: if the Senator from Nevada
- should happen to be wrong, and we at his instance
refuse to pass this bill, these parties suffer wrong,
.without the possibility of redress; we put an end
to any hope that their causes can ever be heard
by any tribunal. On the other hand, suppose
the honorable Senator from Maryland chances to
be wrong, if we pass the bill are these paities in-
jured? No; because these causes all arise in the
Supreme Court, where the parties can properly be
heard on tins very question, and as the honora-
ble Senator says lie has a decision of the Supreme
Court to sustain him in the position he assumes
the Supreme Court would at once dismiss the
causes for want of jurisdiction. There would be
no danger then that the parties to these suits would
suffer any wrong whatever; they would have their
day in court; and the Supreme Court are exceed-
ingly disposed to stand by their own precedents
and their own decisions. Let the parties go there,
therefore; let them be heard, and heard there,
where, as the honorable Senator says, there is a
decision against them staring them in the face;
there is no danger that the court will establish
any new principle or do any injustice. On the
other hand,if we refuse to let the cases be heard
at all, the honorable Senator suggests if it should
turn out that he is wrong, and he will pardon me
for supposing it is possible that he may be, the
wrong done is irremediable. Upon that distinct
proposition, therefore, it seems to me there is a
clear path for the Senate to follow, if they would
do justice upon this question; and that is,let the
parties be heard; do not say they shall not be
heard; let them be heard, and let us believe that
justice will be done.
Then, Mr. President, upon the other more un-
important question, that is, the fees of the district
clerk and the distiict attorney of Nevada, the
ho no rable Senator says that the expenses of living,
the cost of transportation, &c., are much greater
in Nevada than in other States, and the fees and
salaries should be proportionately higher. We
give to the district judge of the State $3,500, the
amount in the bill as it came from the House;
and I will say to the honorable Senator that the
judge, in my own district, with a salary but littie
mine than half of that, performs more labor, sits
more days in a year in court, as 1 believe, per-
forming judicial duties, than every district judge
on the Pacific slope all taken together. He is
also a judge who could command at the bar, and
would leceive if at the bar a very large profes-
sional income, five times as great at the very least
as his salary as judge. These offices of district
attorney and district clerk and marshal, it is true,
are somewhat important with reference to the
administration of justice; but it is not very diffi-
cult, otdinarily, to procure persons to fill ^hose
offices. 1 do not believe there will be any diffi-
culty in filling them in Nevada, and 1 do not be-
lieve it, among other things, for this reason: that
the honorable Senator presses upon the Senate the
importance of our legislating so that there shall
be but one clerk for both courts. If the compen-
sation is so small that it is impossible to get any-
body that is competent to take the officc, is there
any danger lest there should be two men ap-
pointed ? The danger is that nobody can be found
to take the office; and yet the honorable Senator
asks us to depart from the law universally exist-
ing elsewhere in the country giving to the district
judge Ihe power to appoint the clerk of his court,
and the circuit judge to appoint the clerk of his
court, and so by law require the clerk of the one
court to be the clerk of the other. If it is impos-
sible to get men to fill these several offices in con-
sequence of the compensation there will be no
necessity for that legislation, for the two judges
will have to agree on one man and appointhim, if
indeed they can find any one man who will con-
sent to take the office and peifoiin the duty. The
fact thai such legislation is deemed necessaiy by
the honorable Senator is, as it seems to me, a good
reason why there is no need now of doubling the
compensation. If there is need to legislate so as
to prevent two men from being clerks, it is appa-
rent there are men enough there who are willing
to accept the place and perform the duties.
Why, sir, the members of the profession, as
the honorable Senator well knows, are patriotic
and self-sacrificing everywhere. I am persuaded
that any one of the younger membeis of the bar
in Nevada, rather than that the court should be
embarrassed in the performance of its duties,
would volunteer to perform the duties of clerk
even without compensation; such is the patriot-
ism of the profession. We who are members of
it know this to be the fact. The other members
of the Senate who have had the fortune to belong
to other professions, or to be connected with otner
walks of life, may not feel the force of this argu-
ment, but all members of the profession know it
to be true. There is no danger, therefore, that
these duties will not be performed, and well per-
formed. There is nonecessity, then, to clog this
bill with any extra compensation to the clerk, or
to the district attorney, or to the marshal. I hope
the Senate will pass this bill with the amendments
as they came from the committee; and i surely
will not stand longer in the way of a vote upon
the question.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. It is a somewhat remark-
able fact, or at least a fact worthy of being re-
marked, that we all know a great deal more about
what is east of us toward sunrise than we know
what is west of ns. A man who never crossed
the Alleghanies does not know the valley of the
Mississippi. We remember that when Mr. Cal-
houn went to Memphis for the first time he found
the Mississippi to be a great inland sea. The
gentleman from Connecticut speaks of a judge in
his State. Why,sir, in the port of San Francisco
in the admiralty court and circuit court for that
State there is more business done than there is
in Massachusetts and Connecticut put together.
Theio is a latger commerce there, involving more
extended, moie particular, and more difficult in-
terests than belong to any of the old-settled com-
munities on this side of the mountains.
I make that remark en passant, for it is true that
our interests on the other side of the Siena Ne-
vada and beyond the Rocky mountains are almost
as much excluded as it'Mr. Benton had his invo-
cation realized when he said he would place upon
the topmost summit of the Rocky mountains a
monument to the god Terminus, and say, " Thus
far shall we go, and no further;" we are almost
as much excluded in consideration here. It is
assumed by persons who have never been beyond
the Alltghames that they understand the interests
of the plains and mountains and the coast of the
Pacific.
The bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives in my judgment was a proper bill. The
sixth section of the amendment is just legisla-
tion. I agree with the Sgnator from Connecticut
in that respect. It, however, should not at this
time have disturbed legislation. I do not agree
with my friend from Nevada that wc have not
the power to carry causes from the courts of the
recent Territory of Nevada. I think that the
rights of those citizens at the time of the enact-
ment of the law making it a State were rights
entitled to a hearing by appeal in the Supreme
Court of the United States. By, I think, faulty
legislation those rights rest in abeyance and may
at any time be extended to them. It is their right
to demand them and they should be extended to
them by legislation. I do not think, however,
that this is a proper way to do it, and am clearly
of opinion that the bill as it came from the House
should be passed substantially as it is. I would
like to amend it by adding this sixth section, as
it is a just one; but I would not move the amend-
ment because it may interfere with the passage of
the bill. I do not propose to make a speech on
this subject. I only wish to express my opinion.
1 hat what is put in here by way of amendment
as the sixth section is a proper piece of legisla-
tion, 1 do not doubt; but 1 do not think it should
be attached to this measure at the present time.
But I desire to express my opinion with regard
to this matter of compensation. In the Slate which
the gentleman from Connecticut represents,a man
can live, and live well, for one fourth of what a
man can live in the same way for in Nevada
The cost of transportation of subsistence itself
would be four times the cost of the production in
the State of Connecticut. In all mining countries
tills is to a greater or less extent true; but it is
particularly so in that State. They have no ag-
ricultural lands; they have but little pasturage.
A great deal of the stock that they consume has
to be driven on foot for four hundred or five
hundred miles. Many of their vegetables arc
transported from one hundred and'seventy-five
to two hundred miles, and across a mountain
range that reaches an altitude of seven thousand"
feet. AH these things go into the necessary ex-
pense of living; and to live comfortably there
will cost at least quadruple the cost of livin" in
any one of the New England States. °
1 think the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives is correct. I regretted to see the
amendments put on by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. The sixth section reported by Ihe com-
mittee I regard as a just provision; but if it in-
cumbers thebilland endangeis its passage 1 hope
it will be rejected. If it shall then be brought in
as a separate bill, it will receive my hearty sup-
port.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poweu.
in the chair.) The question will be on the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to strike out the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
and ninth sections of the bill and to insert two
other sections in lieu thereof.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DAVIS (when his name was called) said:
I am in favor of the first section reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary and am opposed to
the other section, and consequently, as the vote
is to be taken on both together, I cannot vote at
all.
The result was then announced—yeas 22, nayj
11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Clark, Collamer,Cowan, Doo-
little, Farwell, Pont, Fn>tei, FInilau, Harris, Howard, John-
son, Lane ot Indiana, Mor<i.ut, Morrill, Towell, IUidle,
S|>iaj(iie, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Willey, and WriRht—22.
N A V^—M.-vJ r.:. Chandler, Conner, Dixon, jYicDougall,
Ne>mith, iS'je, Richardson, titewart, Snniner, Wade, and
Wilson—II,
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, lluckalew, Carlile, Davis,
Grimes, Hiiie, liardin^. Henderson, Itendneks, Howe,
Lane of Kansas, I'oineroy, K:Ln!-<'y. Saulsbury, Sherman,
Van Winkle, and Wilkinson-—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire if the sec-
tions which have just been adopted are still open
to amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
in the Senate. The bill in still in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to offer an addi-
tional section to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be
in order to offer an additional section to the bill.
It would not be in order to amend the sections
just adopted until we get into the Senate. If the
bill be reported to the Senate, the Senator will
have an opportunity to move his amendment in
the Senate, as well as now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As we are now in llie
Senate, I desire to move that the section marked
as the sixth section be made the ninth section,
and the ninth section be made the tenth section.
Mr. FOOT. It is not^etin order. -The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendments
made in Committee of the Whole. Then it will
be in order for any Senator to move an additional
section.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to say a solitary word
in explanation of my vote. As regards the com-
pensation provided by the amendment of the
committee to the diffeient officers that are desig-
nated in their amendment, although I am not en-
tirely satisfied that it is just and politic ill relation
to the officeis in this new State, still I would not
be disposed to dissent from the proposition of the
committee; but upon the point of permitting the
Supreme Court to keep lis jurisdiction ot the
cases that have come up from Nevada while it
was a Territory, I enteitain a serious objection.
As stated by the Senator from Nevada, when the
Supreme Court decides that class of cases it does
it upon this general principle, that it recognizes
no property in the lands which may be the sub-
ject-matter of those suits in either of the parties.
I think tiiat would be unjust to the State of Ne-
vada, to the interests of the State and of the peo-
ple who have proceeded to that country and set-
tled it and developed their mining interests. I"
relation to all the older Stales this principle pre-
vails: that the laws of the States and the adjudi-
cations of the supreme courts of the United States
aie recognized and conformed to by the Supieme
Cotiri of the United States. In the State of Ne-
vada there was not and could hot necessarily
any legitimate and obligatory code of laws W
