9o0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. STEWART. I accept that modification.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 certainly have no disposition
to interfere with what may be 
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. President, this is a very important subject,
particularly the point now under discussion, and it
js too impoitantto be decided hastily. The ques-
tion involved in the whole bill before the Senate,
that of continuing the jurisdiction of the courts of
the United States in cases involving mining prop-
erty, is one of the deepest interest to the people
occupying; the mining Territories and States; it
involves an immense amount of property. The
Senate has decided, by the adoption of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
of this body, that they will continue the jurisdic-
tion of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Then, in th< further consideration of this bill, that
decision of the Senate is to be considcied as hav-
ing been folly accomplished. The question now
involved arises from the objection made by those
who opposed the passage or the amendment of the
Judiciary Committee m this: that it was obnox-
ious because, upon questions of appeal to the Su-
preme Ciautof the United States, wheie a fee
simple title was not 111 either party, plaint iff or de-
fendant, the Supreme Court of the United States
would not take jui isdiction, but would dismiss a
causc of that character, and thereby leave this
great mining; interest, exposed to the effictofa
declaration by the highest tribunal m our land
that there was no title but in the United States—
a fact, it is true; but a fact winch, if declared m
that form, must have the most serious effect upon
the value of mining propei ty now owned ovei the
length and breadth of the land.
What is aimed at now by the honorable Sen-
ator ft om Nevada is this: that since the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal courts is to be continued by an
act of Congie^s theie shall be such a provision
adopted as> shall put that question at rest and give
jurisdiction by this act to the Supreme Court of
the United States, which jurisdiction shall be ex-
ercised notwithstanding there is no fee simple title
in either party to the cause, but m accordance with
the rights of priority of possession which may
exist in eitlier party, plaintiff or defendant. I
submit that unless you do this you strike the
severest blow at the mining interestofthis country.
Jt will be rememboied by the Seriate that our
people, piecipunted on these wild lands, have no
opportunity under the laws of the United States
to obtain (tile from the Government, They there-
fore, by permission of the Government, take pos-
session. The I opal sentiment and opinion of the
American people who seek thus to establish in-
dustry, community, and society, respects in ail
cases priority of possession. If you, sir, take up
a mining claim, you being the first party to take
it up, and prosecute your labor upon it,"the apm-
mumty recognizes your first right as against any
subsequent claimant. The local courts have taken
up that opinion and they have declared it law;
and upon just that basis and on that local recog-
nition the entire mining property m the Pacific
States and Terriiories ies!s. This, it will be re-
membered, is a very insecure foundation for the
investment of millions upon millions of dollars.
Now, then, we ask in addition, that if you pass
this bi'l as the Senate have now amended it,you
shall incorporate in it a provision which, contin-
uing the jutisdietion of the Supieme Cuuitof the
United States, shall require that court to keep and
retain the jurisdiction and decide according to
that priority of possession. 1 do not altogether
like the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Nevada, i think we are hardly
prepared at this time to declare by a statute of the
United Slates thatall local mining mles and regu-
lations shall be law, because—and the honorable
Senatoi will bear me out tn that—the local rules
and regulations aie as multifai ious, as numerous,
as dilfeienf, a-id us many ns there aie localities
and communities; and it would be a pretty bioad
declaration to incorporate into a statute of the
United States that all this mass shall be law. You
would have a contrariety of law which even a Phil-
adelphia lawyer, as the expression is, would fail
to comprehend or understand. There would be
complications, I apprehend, impossible to recon-
cile or to be made understood.
The simple point needed,as I have before said,
is to lecture the Supreme Court of the United
States, when taking jurisdiction, to recognize the
rule of priority of possession upon which all in-
vestments in those countries rest. Therefore I
think this is a matter of too much importance to
be hurried through, as asked for by the honora-
ble Senator from Connecticut, arid time should be
given to prepare a section to cover this important
point. 1 have hurriedly written at my desk—I
will read it for the information of Senators—what
it appears to me would cover the case; and yet
not belonging to the legal profession 1 have no
preUnsions that I can sufficiently do this thing,
i will read this, however, which I suggest as an
additional section, so that at least what 1 mean
shall be understood:
Ami be UJutlher enacted, Tlmt in all cases which shall,
by the piovi-ion-s of tins act, come within the jurisdiction
oi' the Supreme Court, such jurisdiction shall not be lost by
rca on ot the parties, plaintiff and defendant, nut having
title in fee simple, but !?ueh jurifdietioii shall be exaciaed
in conformity to priority of possession.
If the legal gentlemen in the Senate will say
that that will cover the point, or will prepare
another section that will sufficiently contain the
same provision, it will be acceptablo to me. But,
sir, to confer this jurisdiction, and to reopen
causes settled and determined, to disturb rights of
pioperty which are recognized, and subject causes
involving them to be dismissed from the Supreme
Couit, because there is a want of title in neither
party to the suit, 1 submit would be as destructive
to us as though a tornado should pass over every
inch of the surface of our country. I will send
this amendment up to the desk and let gentlemen
examine it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think with the honorable
members from the Pacific States that it is very
desirable there should be some legislation by Con-
gress for the protection of those i ights; but as far
as 1 am advised they have been sufficiently pro-
tected. The Supreme Court of the United Siates
may have, peihaps, decided erroneously in some
cases in relation to those lights, and the efTcct of
those rights m the cases that have been before
them, but as far as the Government of the United
States is concerned I do not know that they have
ever interfered with any mining title.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to say one word right here, which will enable
him at least to understand me ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. No case involving mining
questions of the charactei here contemplated and
now discussed that I am aware of has come to
the Supreme Court of the United States, because
California began as a State and Oregon was a
State before mines were discoveu-d in it, and our
mines outside of those two States exist in land
which is oiganized into Territories of the United
States. Therefore you are now for the first time
providing for continuing the jurisdiction involv-
ing mining cases from a Territory just organized
and made into a State to the Supreme Court of
the United States,and the question involved comes
up for the first time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was aware of that, Mr.
President. Whatl said was that as far as the
decisions of the Supreme Court are concerned
there has been no interference with thosemming
rights: and the honorable member is correct in
saving that, except remotely, the nature and valid-
ity of those rights have not come in question in
any case before that tribunal. But as I have
stated, 1 concur with the members from the Pacific
and fiom the StatesandTerritoiiesin which those
mines are to be found that it is desirable there
should be some legislation by Congiess; but to
legislate now upon a subject of that description,
and particularly to legislate as the honorable mem-
ber from Nevada proposes, by the adoption of
the amendment which he has sent to the Chair,
seems to me to be in the highest degree impolitic
arid erroneous. Those mining usages are almost
as various as are the men engaged in the mining
They are one thing in one section, another thin^
in another section. 1 hey are changing fiom day
to day, or from week to week. There is nothing
^able in them.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator at this point that m many instances there is
no record of those local laws; they are merely
tiaditionary. In otherinstances there are records.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was aware of that, and I
was about to state it. There is not only in point
of lact a great diversity of rule and regulation and
usage, but there is, as the honorable member from
California informs me, no recoi d evidence of what
those rules and usages are. Now what does the
honorable member from Nevada propose ? That
the usages and customs of mining throughout the
States in which mines are to be found are to gov-
ern the courts of the United States in passing
judgment. What do you mean to say? Gov-
ern when? Are they to govern the controversy"
such of them as exist at the time the controversy
commences? Is the title claimed in the suit to be
maintained or defeated by usages existing at the
time the title was acquired? Or is the Supreme
Court of the United States, if the case should come
before the Supreme Court of the United States
to affirm or reverse it upon usages or customs'
adopted, not only after the title in the controversy
may have been acquired, but after the decision of
the court below may have been rendered ? It cer-
tainly must appear to the Senate wholly improper
unexampled, and unjust in practical operation to
adopt an amendment of that description.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the Sen-
ator as holding that the amendment I offered and
the views I presented are obnoxious to those ob-
jections.
Mr. JOHNSON". I was not replying to the
proposition of the honorable member in that par-
ticular, but it was to the amendment of the mem-
ber from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] and that is
the only amendment before the Senate. The
subject is quite an interesting one, not only to the
States in which this property is to be found, but
to the United States. It presents very compli-
cated questions. It requires a great deal of prac-
tical knowledge and a great deal of theoretical
scientific knowledge. What the usages should
be, or whether it is possible to adopt usages to act
uniformly throughout these mining interests, is a
matter that requires a good deal of meditation.
The idea of legislating now upon this subject, at
this period of the session, in a bill of this kind,
the purpose of which, as far as the particular sec-
tion is concerned, is merely to say that the Su-
preme Court of the United States is to decide the
cases before it as if the State of Nevada had not
been introduced into the Union, seems to nu
highly improper, obviously improper.
I suggest to the honorable member from Nevada
that he had better withdraw his amendment, and
that he and the Representatives from those States,
if no others will engage in it, should, in the inter-
val between now and the next meeting of Con-
giess, determine upon some system which is to
have the forcc of law throughout these mining
regions. It would be, I admit,exceedingly hard,
when these mining possessions have been taken
by the explorers, or, as they are termed in that
country, the prospecters, and after they have
given time and money and labor to the develop-
ment of the mining interests, that the property
should be taken from them by the United States
or by any party claiming by "the United States;
but it is equally improper, if not more grossly
improper, if I may be permitted to use such an
expression, to suy that persons who have rights,
and that the law assumes, aie not to have those
rights passed upon by the law in force, whatever
that may be, by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The honorable member from California thinks ^
it would be wrong to have these cases decided by
the coui ts of the United States upon rules known
only to the common law. That does notarise
under this bill. This bill, so far as the particu-
lar provision is concerned, applies only to cases
in the Supreme Court of the United States. There
are no territorial courts now in the State of Ne-
vada; they have expited by opeiation of law;
that is to say, by the bringing of the Territory as
a State into the Union. That, upon the author-
ity of the decision cited by the honorable member
from Nevada, teimmates in the territorial tribu-
nals.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know whether
I fully comprehend and understand the purpose
aimed at by the Senators who represent the mining
region; but 1 desire to state as briefly as I can what
I think,with due deference to them and to the Sen-
ate, will be the necessary legislation to secure the
rights of discoverers in these mines. We have had
this question presented in the western States and
the decisions that Senators have referred to, and on
the same points to which they have refeired. It
was decided that where a man went on and mads
