1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
Mr. FOOT. What is the jfresentcompensation ?
Mr. HALE. The present compensation is
$9,000.
Mr. President, there are a great many consid-
erations that would govern th.e action of the Sen-
ate in this respcct of a personal character, relat-
ing to the consul himself, which could with much
more propriety be stated to the committee than
they could in open Senate. The fact that the
committee decided against the proposition last
year I think will not be conclusive of it this year,
for the same committee, as I am informed, and
the two Houses followed it, did recommend a
similar increase in regard to the consul at Nassau
owing to the increased duties and responsibilities
of the consulate at that port growing out of the
rebellion that now exists in the country.
Halifax at the present time is the great depot
for southern commerce on the Atlantic ocean. It
lias been full of blockade runners constantly; it
is their great resort; and the consul is constantly
and vigilantly and vigorously employed all the
time. In my humble judgment it is of more
consequence to have this Government properly
represented at Halifax at this time, during thea
rebellion, than it is in three fourths of the king-
doms of Europe. Our consular agent there has
more to do, more duties to perform than, I ven*
ture to say, the ministers of the United States at
three fourths of the places where we support a
foreign minister. He is paid $2,000 a year, out of
which he has to pay his own house rent, clerk
hire, and iiis messenger and porter. No allow-
ance is made by the Government except simply
for office rent. I need not say to the Senate, be-
cause they lenow it very well, that the usefulness
of a representative of the Government depends in
some degree upon the manner in which he is sup-
ported. You throw him into society, you con-
stantly subject him to intercourse with the rep-
resentative of the Crown there, officially and
socially; and it seems to me it is pooi economy
for the Government to require its representative
in such a port to live in a manner that a gentle-
man thus situated ought not to live. But I am
trespassing on ground which I did not wish to
occupy.
I culled upon the Secretary of State after a recent
visit to Halifax, and represented the state of the
case to him; he suggested to me the reference of
it to the Committee on Commerce, and said that
if the Committee on Commerce would icfcr it to
him, as they probably would, he would give the
subject an investigation and be prepared to give
a recommendation. Accordingly, at the earliest
moment, I did introduce a resolution; it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; the Com-
mittee on Commerce have addressed the Secretary
of State upon it, and will probably receive an an-
swer from him in season to take action at their
next meeting, which will take place on Thursday.
I do not want to expose the private affairs of such
a gentleman as this consul, in the Senate; and if
I cannot make a case to the Committee on Com-
merce, on which they will unanimously recom-
mend an increase, (if not exactly the one I pro-
pose, something like it,) I will not trouble the
Senate, again; but if* the Committee on Commerce,
upon examination of the subject, shall think that
there ought to be an increase made, I trust the
Senate will repose confidence enough in theirjudg-
ment to follow it on this subject. I move that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
until next Friday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the amendment
is not in order unddr the rules, unless it comes
from a committee, involving, as it does, an ap-
propriation; and as it will be my duty to make
that objection on all similar amendments, I feel
bound to do it now. If under the circumstances
the Senate think proper to postpone the bill until
Thursday or Friday,very well. Myimpressionis,
considering the action of the last year, that the
Senate will scarcely increase the salaries of con-
suls abroad. There are many arguments m favor
of an increase of the compensation of employes
at home that do not apply to employes abroad.
This matter was very fully considered at the last
session of Congress; an application was made j]
on behalf of this vei y consul, which was referred ;1
to the Committee on Finance, and also to the •
Committee on Commence, and I b^lie^e reported !'
adveisely upon by both comir.i ttr  s. It m .scarcely •
probable that the Senate will change its action .j
from any new lights we have before us now. It
is my duty to object to the amendment now of-
fered, because under the rules it is not in order,
on the ground that it has not been reported from
any committee,
Mr. MORRILL. I recollect this case, and I
recollect the general fact in regard to this class of
cases. There was a very general application last
year for an increase of consular salaries, and we
reported against them all with one or two excep-
tions, and those exceptions were founded#upon
some peculiarities of the cases. In the case which
has been mentioned at Nassau the duties had been
very largely increased, and the expenses of living
had also been very largely increased. My rec-
ollection is, however, that there was nothing pe-
culiar in this case to distinguish it from the great
majority of cases where an increase of salary had
been asked for, and the Committee on Commerce
came to the conclusion that there was no good
reason in this case which did not apply to the
vast majority of cases.
I think that was the state of the facts last year.
I do not understand the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to change that relation which it bore to the
general class, by any statement of new facts ex-
isting. From what I know of that port 1 should
doubt whether the facts were susceptible of chang-
ing thatrelation. Itdid not appear, I believe,last
year that the expenses of living at that port had
been particularly increased. That the dutieshad
been somewhat increased is undoubtedly true, but
not very largely increased. There is a very gen-
eral demand throughout for an increase of pay in
the consular seivie.e, and in ordinary times 1 am
inclined to think that the demand might be rea-
sonable; but the committee adopted as a rule, on
which they were very inflexible last year, that
unless for particular reasons shown they would
not recommend an increase of salary; and I say
to the Senator from New Hampshire that unless
he is quite sure that he can make out a very strong
rase, unless this case is peculiar in its character,
I doubt whether he will succeed in gettinga favor-
able report from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
Hampshire is of the opinion that this ease is pe-
culiar, and he asks to be heard before the Com-
mittee on Commerce in relation to it. In private
conversation with me I thought he made out a
strong case, and I told him there would be no ob-
jection to his being heard before the committee,
i do not ask for a postponement of this bill m
order to consider this particular case; but still,
as he represents it, and as the facts were pre-
sented by him to me, it was a case very similar
to that of the consul at Nassau, whose salary
was raised from &2,000 to §4,000 without a dis-
senting voicc in that committee.
If tins case should, upon examination, appear
to be similar to that, I have no doubt the com-
mittee would recommend an increase. The facts
are unknown to me further than they are pie-
sented by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression
of the Chair is that the amendment suggested at
this time is not in order, unless it be moved in
pursuance of the direction of a committee or the
recommendation of the head of a Department, in-
asmuch as it would increase the appropriation.
The motion to postpone the bill until Friday,
however, is in order.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to postpone it for the
purpose of getting the action of the committee on
the subject.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote postponing the action on the deficiency bill
until to-morrow, and to take it up now. My mo-
tion to postpone it was based on the fact that I
understood theic was a special assignment forto-
day; but it seems I was mistaken m that, and I
think we may as well act on the bill now.
Mr. GRIMES. Has it been printed?
Mr. SHERMAN. The House bill has been
printed, and there are not many amendments.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. (520) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
si rvice of the fiscal yeai ending the 30th of June,
1^65,
The frpst amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert after line twenty, on page %i
To supply a deficiencv for the compensation dfclerkff in
the Denver branch mint, $450.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the.
one just adopted, the following;
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation, for the branch
mint at San Francisco, $134,889 68.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines thirty-four to thirty-seven, as follows?
For the support and maintenance of t!ie convicts trans-
ferred fioin Hi«iDiMriclofColumbia,ats9Uch place or places
as may be ^elected by the Secretary of the Interior,$30,OOG.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout the fol-
lowing clause from lines one hundredand two to
one hundred and fourteen:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
execute the resolutions of the House of July 4,1864, direct-
ing payment of additional compensation to its officers,
cleiks, and other employes, and to the House reporters for
the Congressional Globe, a sum sufficient for the purpose,
being $37,991 40, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in theTieasury nototherwise appiopriated, and the same is
hereby added to the contingent tuiul of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; but no payment shall he made under this pro-
vision to any other persons than the clerks, officers, and
other employes of the House and the reporters for the Con-
gressional Globe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from lines
one hundred and thirty-nine to one hundredand
forty-three, as follows:
For salary of thp commissioner for codifying the naval
laws, under joint resolution of March 3,1863, lrom July 1,
1864, to Match 3, 1865, §2,025.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the bill:
Navy Department, Bureau of Navigation:
For binnacles, binnacle lamps and alidades; for bunting,
muslin, and sewing materials for ensigns, jacks, distinctive
flag* and marks, signal flags, mid foreign flags,and for mak-
ing flags of all kinds; for logs, log lines, log reels, log slates,
log paper, log books, and tand glasses ; fo'rleads, lead reels,
lead lines, armings for leads, and sounding cups; and for
signal apparatus other than signal flags, $1*25,000.
For freight and transportation of navigation materials,
instruments, books, and stores; for postage on public let-
ters; lor the telegiaplung of proposals; for packing boxes
and material; tor blank-books, forms, and stationery at
navigation office j for maps=, drawings, models; and for
incidental expenses not applicable to any other appropri-
ation,
For the purchase of nautical and astronomical instru-
ments nautical hooks, maps, and charts;and for repairs of
instruments; and t'oi binding and backing books and charts,
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add:
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting :
Foi fuel for the Navy, and for the transportation and ex-
penses thereof, #5,3-1?,400.
For equipments of ven&els, $500,000*
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add:
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing :
For provisions, $!.f>00,0j0.
Foi clothing, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Agricul-
ture have instructed me to offer the following
amendment to come in on page 5, after line one
hundred and one:
For the expenses inclined in sending Jo^pli A. Wriaht
as ConmiisMoner of the United States to the international
exhibition at Hamburg, Germany, m the year 18GH, $6,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot object to this
amendment in point of order, because it comes
fiom a committee; but it is proper for me tostate
that Congress refused to send a commissioner to
the fair named after a snuggle of some duration,
and notwithstanding that Adr. Wright, formerly
a member of this body, well known to us ali, did
go, and I have no doubt performed valuable ser-
vices. That is the whole of the ease. Whether
under the circumstances it is now proper to ap-
propriate for that which was refused beforehand
is a question for the SejuUe. I have no doubt
that Mr. Wiight, whom we nil esteem highly,
rendered efficient services to the Government, and
that his serviees wcro valuable to the country;
but the fact still stands that Congress refused to
nppiopnate money for this purpose before the
fair took place, and, notwithstanding our refusal,
