952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
and enter them in small quantities,say amounts
of one acre each, thu system or plan wi^piovide
that the United States shall transfer its title with
or without a consideration to ilie citizen. How
shall it be with regard to the particular mine in-
volved in the appeal that is now pending in the
Supreme Court of the United States? Who shall
buy the land upon which that mine is located?
Will you provide that the j.lainuff or defendant
in that case shull buy that particular mine? They
cannot both buy it, for they cannot agree as to
their ownership. It would be unjust to allow
either of them to buy it while a question is pend-
ing and unsettled in regard to it.
Let me say. to the Senate now that when they
shall adopt a system for the disposition of the
mines, it must necessarily involve in it a conces-
sion to the present possessors of the mines, and
the United States must recognize existing pos-
session, and title by possession, by granting the
mines possessed free to the parties who possess
them, or by exacting from the possessors a con-
ssdi ration of value for them. You can never
adopt a system by which you shall takeaway
from our citizens what they have possessed for
fifteen years last past, and you have allowed them
to enter upon and to invest their capital in, and
transfer it to others. You must determine upon
whut terms they may buy from you or may
legally possess fiom you. Any system that may
be adopted must contain such provisions. Now,
I ask again, what will you do in regard to the
cases pending?
Mr. President, you cannot legislate in regard
to cases pending. Whatever plan you adopt
must contain a provision that shall say that the
right of possession, according to the rules of
priority of possession, shall give the party m pos-
session a right to buy from the United States, or
the right to possess legally, and in cases of con-
test, where the right of possession is yet open and
not determined, those cases shall be allowed to
be considered by the courts until one party or the
other is determined to be the party having the
best right to possession, and he shall be allowed
then to obtain the title of the United States.
It you do not adopt, in connection with this
bill, in continuing this jurisdiction from the courts
of the Territory to the United States Supreme
Court, a provision which shall give the jiiiisdic-
tion to the Supreme Court of the United States
notwithstanding the tiilo in fee simple is 111 either
party, plaintiO or defendant, you expose us on
tile one hand to be driven out of couit, and you
expose the entire mining stocks held all over your
country to the dreadful consequences of such a de-
cision, which I apprehend is something that we
are not justified in doing. Why notadopt a pro-
vision in this act, when you continue this juris-
diction, which shall not only continue the juris-
diction, but shall require the recognition of the
only title, so well desci ibed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, the title in the citizen by his
right of possession under the United Suites, his
prior right of possession. We say the Govern-
ment ot the United States own all these lands.
We go out and enter upon them. I take, in ac-
cordance with the rules of local recognition, a
certain possession. You recognize it, every man
in the community recognizes it; but finally a dis-
orderly man comes along and says, " Sir, you
have got too much then1," or " You have got
what you do not own," and he undertakes to
eject me by force; or when I am absent from the
possession—as has absolutely occurred to me
personally, for I have labored in the mines—be-
fore I rise in the morning, before the break of
day, a party comes and violently seizes that which
was mine by quiet, peaceable possession. If I
do not see fit to exercise force in ejecting him,
what is my remedy? I bring an action m one of
the local courts. How is the case determined?
Witnesses are summoned, called in, and sworn;
the testimony goes to the first possession. The
case is decided according to the testimony, and j
according to the priority of possession. The j
party who loses feels aggrieved arid he appeals. |
ihc lecord is sent up, and the case is still main- i
tamed in the upper court upon the rule of prior- 1
ity of possession and the equity of it; and it is, !
as I said before, upon this equity and upon this 1
jule tnat all our lights of property in the mine '
now rest. Will you disturb them ? Will vou '
not adopt a provision) when you are continuing !
this jurisdiction, to prevent the causes from being
sent outof court for want of jurisdiction, because
the property is in another, namely, the United
States, and notin either party, plaintiff or defend-
ant? I am sure there can be no objection to that.
The gentlemen who ask for the passage of this
act, as 1 understand the honorable Senator from
Maryland does, desire the Supreme Court to pass
upon it. Am I not right in that ? The honorable
Senator from Maryland responds that I am. Then
let us guard ourselves against being rejected from
that court, and above all against the terrible con-
sequences to all mining property of such a re-
jection. i ask Senators to pause, and I ask Sen-
ators who have charge of this bill and who have
reported it here, to pay attention to the great in-
terests that are involved in the decision they are
about to make. I agree with Senators who have
spoken, arid especially with the honorable Senator
ft om Indiana, that at an early day it is our duly to
enter upon the question of the disposition of these
lands.
It is almost a crime, Mr. President, in the United
States Government to permit communities to grow
up,Territories to be organized, States to come into
bt'ing, now three mining States in this Union,
within the next quarter of a century to be perhaps
twenty States, built upon what ? Upon the basis
of the right of possession to their property. To
my mind the picture of twenty Status in this Re-
public, whose people shall not be bound to the
Government by the ownership of the soil they live
upon, is pei fec'tly frightful. It is a premium upon
vagabondage; it is a reward to itineracy; it isagamst
all social, moral, and political advancement.
I admit, sir, that in the remaiks I have made I
have gone away from the exact point before the
Senate, but 1 have been tempted to do it that I
might call theattention of Senators seriously to all
that is involved in this question of the disposition
of the mineral lands, to the question of where the
title shall remain. I hope again, in closing, that no
Senator will object to continuing specifically the
juiisdictjon of the Supreme Court, since we are
about to adopt a bill to that end, so as to make it
certain that in the court of lastresort we shall not
be ejected because there is title in neither party to
the suit.
Mr. JOHNSON. At the proper time, or now,
if it is in order, 1 will propose an amendment as
an additional section.
I lie PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powell
in the chair.) Tiie amendment of tile Senator
from Nevada is now pending,and an amendment
to that amendment is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. ] move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting for it the following:
J3nil he it further enacted, That no possessory action in
of the courts! of the United States lor the reeovetv 01
any mining title, or for damages to any such title, shall he
affected by the fact th.it the paramount title to the land m
winch euch mines are is in the United States.
Mr. STEWART. The more I think of this
question, the more thoroughly satisfied i am that
we have not met it fully by that amendment,and
the more thoroughly satisfied 1 am that when we
are legislating upon a question which must bring
up and produce important results upon the. min-
ing titles, we should meet the whole question in
some form so that those titles may be protected.
I think that if the bill be laid over we can agree
upon something that will protect the parties. On
examination it will be seen that this section not
only provides for cases that are now pending m
the Supreme Court on appeal, but it provides for
bringing up all the litigation from Nevada Terri-
tory from its first, organization until now, and I
assure the Senate that all the important claims in
Nevada have been through the courts; and to
bring them up here without some legislation as to
the mode of procedure when they get here, some
recognition of our local customs, would be de-
structive to our rights, and would certainly injure
U3 a gieat deal during the coming year. I renew
the motion—I regret to do it—that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until some
amendments may be perfected to it. I piesume
we can soon agree to the amendments if we have
time to perfect them.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make a motion which
will be a substitute for the motion of the Senator,
that the Senate now proceed with the consideration
ot the report of the committee of conference on
the freedmen's bill. ["Oh, no/']
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This whole debate hag
gone on by the courtesy of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. A bill of that committee is pending
before the Senate, and I have been waiting, exl
pectiiig that the Nevada bill would come to u vote
for about two hours. The bill of the Indian Com-
mittee to which I refer was discussed yesterday
and was regularly in order before the Senate at one
o'clock to-day, and I wish to have it disposed of
before we take a recess at half past four o'clock
Mr. SUMNER. I wish also that the reportof
the committee of conference be acted on. That
ought to take precedence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is out of order, be-
cause the other is in order. I suggest to my friend
from Connecticut as there are several amendments
to his bill, one by theSenator fiom Maryland and
one by the Senator from Nevada, that he letitnow
go over and be the regular order of business for to-
morrow in the morning hour, so that i may call
up the Indian bilJ to which I have referred arid
have it disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the amendment which
I have read, as J understand 1 can do, as a sub-
stitute for the amendment offered by the Senator
from Nevada. 1 say to that Senator and to the
Senate that in my opinion it will cover the case for
which he desires to provide, i understand thathia
difficulty is that the possession in mining privi-
leges is not protected by suit because the courts
here hold that the paramount title is in the United
States, and no title except a title acquired under
the United States by patent can beprotected. This
amendment says thatin no suchcaseshall thefact
that the paramount title to the land in which the
mines are is m the United States have any influ-
ence.
Mr. FOSTER. To the amendment offered by
the Senator from Maryland to the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada I have no objection.
I am not authorized to speak for the committee,
because it has not been before them, but I doubt
if the committee would object to it. It seems to
me that it will protect the claim of the Senator
from Nevada as fully as his own amendment; and
if it be adopted and the bill be passed with that
amendment, we may get rid of what appears to
me is likely to be a very protracted discussion.
The Senator from Massachusetts wants to get
up another bill; the Senator from Wisconsin
wishes to proceed with his bill; and there are
various other bills that are equally pressing. If
we drop this bill now, it is dropped until it will
be too late to act upon it. There is not another
bill before the Senate which if passed at any time
before the session closes will not have all the
effect that it will have if passed to-day; but un-
less this bill is passed and passed through both
Houses before the 27th, this being the 21st of the
month, it might as well not be passed. I may
suggest, therefoie, to Senators that it seems to
me they are attacking a bill which is certamlyof
great importance and which is more pressing in
its necessities than any bill before the Senate. I
hope there will be no disposition to put it off, and
that Senators will not be disposed to discuss it
more than is necessary; I by no means suggest
that they do, but I trust our words may not only
be chosen but few.
Mr. STEWART. T call for the reading of the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland again.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That no possessory action in
any of the courts of the United States for the recovery of
any mining titJtsor for damages to any such title, ehall be
affected by the fact that the paramount title to the land on
which  ueh mines are is in the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. T think that will meet the
case.
Mr. FOSTER, J have no objection to that.
The amendment to the amend ment was adopted,
and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I am not fully satisfied that
the provision covers the case. Jfunder it the prin-
cipleofpriorpossession would berecogmzed with-
out any controversy by the courts, if it would
prevent the pleading of outstanding title in the
United States 
Mr. JOHNSON. Jt does that.
Mr. S fEWART. But I do not think it quite
meets the case of allowing pi ior possession to be
set up.
Mr.JOHNSON. Certainly it does. Itmeeta
that very case.
