1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
Mr. DAVIS. I surest to the Senator from
Maryland that he add these words, or something
equivalent to them, " but each case shall be ad-
judged upon the law of possession."
' Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
I understand that to be the effect now.
Mr. STEWART. With the words proposed
to be added by the Senator from Kentucky, I
have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let those words be added.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time,and passed.
COMMITTEE SE11VICE.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Vice president
■was authorized to appoint a member upon the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Mr. Hicks, and Mr.
Nve was appointed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. SUMNER. If I may be permitted, I move
now that the Senate take a recess at half past
four o'clock until seven o'clock, for the purpose
of considering public business.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope not. 1 shall have to
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to proceed with the
consideration of the committee of conference on
the Freed men's Bureau bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powell.)
The regular order of business is the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 38) relative to a certain payment
to the Pottawatomie Indians of Michigan; but
before putting any question the Chair will ask the
indulgence of the Senate to present some bills on
the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 771) for .the relief of the
personal representatives of Jonas A. Hughston,
deceased, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill (H. R. No. 7G3) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to aid in the cpnstruction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same forpostal, military,and
other purposes," approved July 1, 1862, and to
amend an act amendatory thereof, approved July
2, 1864, was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the Senate
that the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Raihoad is familiar with the bill, and he has sug-
gested that it is useless to refer it to the commit-
tee. It relates merelyto the companies organized
in California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie on the table for the present.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 389) relating to clerkships
in the Post Office Department, and to the bill (S.
No. 390) in relation to the postal laws, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
KECESS.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate take a re-
cess from half past four to seven o'clock this
evening.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 17, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. FOOT called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Huckalew, Cliamiler, Clark*
Conness. (Jowan, Dixon, Farwell, I'Yml, Foster, Harian,
Howaid.Laneof Kansas, Morgan, Nve, I'omerny, Ram.-ev,
Sprague, Htewait, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, and
W'iUon—'34.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittle, Grimes, Hale, Harris.
Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Powell, and Ten
Eyek—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,Carlile, CoJlamer,Harding,
Henderson, Howe, McDnugafi, Monili. Nesiruth, Richard-
son, Riddle, Saulsburv, Sherman, Van Winkle, Wilkinson,
aiul Wright—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 414, relating to a railioad in my State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate as the order of the day, being Housejoint
resolution No. 38.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to postpone all other
business for the purpose of taking up that bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot consent to that.
I have refused to consent to a similar request of
my honorable friend from Massachusetts. My
good nature in consenting to allow the Nevada
bill to occupy almost the whole of the day, when
the Indian'bill was really the order of the day,
was rather severely taxed. I do not object now,
because the thing is disposed of, but 1 think I
must not allow myself to be carried away by these
appeals any further.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My poor Indians have
occupied very little of the attention of the Senate
at this session.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not going to press my
motion now against my friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, who has in
charge a bill which is already under considera-
tion and the Senate is midway in its discussion;
but it is my duty to remind the Senate that there
is another measure which is likewise under dis-
cussion, in which the Senate is already midway,
and on which, indeed, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is in the very middle of a
speech; and that is the report of the conference
committee on the Freedmeu's Bureau bill. I must
insist that the Senate shall proceed to the con-
sideration of that measure as soon as they have
finished the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Sir, the measure is one that ought to be acted
upon 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to say to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs tluit
I desire him not to call up his bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to say that I had
telegraphic dispatches from different parts of the
country relating to the report of the conference
committee, one, for instance, from an eminent
citizen of Chicago, who says to me, " Entreat the
Senate to pass the Freed men's Bureau bill." Now,
sir, if 1 had any power of entreaty, I would use
it on this occasion with my honorable friend from
Wisconsin and with every Senator present. 1
do think that the Senate ought to proceed with
its consideration. It is my duty to urge it upon
the Senate. Let the Senate vote upon it, and so
far as I am concerned my duty will then be done.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a single word in re-
ply, with reference to the personal allusion which
the honorable Senator has made to me in connec-
tion with this matter. The session of Congress
is drawing rapidly to a close; there are but few
days of the session remaining,and there is a great
deal of important business, some of indispensable
importance, to be transacted. The Senator re-
minds us that on his favorite bill I am in the midst
of a speech. Well, sir, the Senate ought to act
upon this motion of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, with a full understanding that the
subject of that speech is inexhaustible, and that
whenever it comes up again before the Senate I
shall be entitled to the floor; and if these consid-
erations are not sufficient to induce the Senate not
to take up that bill at all, 1 am altogether incapa-
ble of comprehending the case. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Therefore, Mr. Piesident, I
think the Senate should take up that bill this af-
ternoon, and give the Senator the whole evening
in which to make his protracted speech. Let him
speak till midnight, till the cock crows, if he will,
but then let na vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the best disposition to
make of the case would be to postpone indefi-
nitely the Senator's bill, and all the speeches that
the Senator may make on that or any other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, being the joint res-
olution (H. It. No. 38) to pay to the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, residing in
Michigan, the sum of $192,850.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that subject the
honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was
upon the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I had said about all I wanted
to say when 1 gave way yesterday. If anything
was not then said, I have forgotten entirely what
it was, [laughter,] and so I shall forego the priv-
ilege of addressing the Senate now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Iowa and myself are associated upon the
Committee on Indian Affairs; wegjjfserally agree
in our views; and whenever there Sany disagree-
ment of opinion between him aiji myself, I con-
fess that it tendsvsomewhat ^destroy my con-
fidence in my ownVpimon; tajt in this instance
I think the honorab% Senators proposition does
not meet the case as groperly%nd as justly as that
which is proposed Ky the tiiajority of the com-'
mittee; and now, if I (gin haye the attention of the
Senate for^ibout five ^linufes, I think I can state
to them all that I desft'e t6 say in answer to the
views expressed by hflon jpsterday.
He suggests as one reason why hi looks upon
this appropriation witli pstrust, that there have
been agents employed the prosecution of the
claim, and that if this amount of §50,000 is paid
over, a considerable portion of it will go to those
agents. The Senate, if they will look into the
joint resolution, will find that by its provisions
the money is to be paid over by the agent of the
United States for the Indians in Michigan, who
is Hon. Mr. Leach, with whom most of the
Senators are acquainted personally, and it is to
be paid over by him to the Indians themselves
personally in Michigan. These Indians, or most
of them, are said to be farmersin Michigan of con-
siderable intelligence and advancement in civiliza-
tion, many of them very good farmers. Under
these circumstances, [ think that there is no danger
that this appropriation will not reach the Indians
for whose benefit it is designed.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state thatl have been informed from asourcc
that I think reliable, that very soon after the re-
port of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate in favor of paying $50,000 to these Indian??,
one of the agents here in Washington telegraphed
to a friend in Michigan residing in the neighbor-
hood of these Indians, and that he went to work
immediately and bought them out before they had
any knowledge of what the Senate committee had
done, for a very trivial consideration, that ho now
holds those contracts, and if the money shall be
paid under this proposition of the committee, it
will probably go to those agents, or the most of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is a rumor of which
I have never heard anything,and, of course, have
no knowledge.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to know who
that peisoti was. I never heaid of such a fact
before.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There has been another
rumor whispered about in relation to the claim in
regard to the Pottawatomies thatreside in Kansas.
Alter the joint resolution was passed by the House
of Representatives proposing to allow §192,000
to the Michigan Indians it has been rumored that
certain agents who opposed thatclaim agreed that
they should be emitted to one half of all the reduc-
tion from $192,000 which shall be made on the final
passage of the resolution; but as to all these rumors
I know nothing, and will not undertake to vouch
for the truth of any of them. In the discussion of
the question, and in the examination of the claim,
my purpose has been simply, so far as we can
arrive at it, to do justice between these two sec-
tions of the same indian tribe. It is not a matter
which concerns the Treasury of the United States.
What we pay to these Michigan Indians we pay
out of annuities which go the Indians m Kansas.
Mr. President, 1 come now to the discussion
of what I regard the material point in the case,
whether there is anything due to these Indiana
under the treaties. It is alleged on the one hand
that nothing is due to them because they did not
remove from the reservations in Michigan and go
to the northern part of the peninsula of Michigan—
that is the language of the treaty—to l'Arbre
Creche. I admit that the Indians did notgo there
to reside. 'J'liey went there, but for some reason
they returned. Upon that subject there is sonie
evidence as to what the reason was why the In-
dians did not remain. The superintendent of
Indian affairs, in his letter of March 25, 1843,
to the Department, eays:
"A delegation of the Pottawatomie*, who resided on the
resejvation in Michilmii prior to the tieaty held at Chicago
in 1833, ami who have always iclu^ed to emigrate, called
upon i2ie a few wee!;-: mmc'i1 fo K'jirof-cnt thou ^tievau^es
also. They -.rated that the olw<M, Pokaifon, (utiter oi one
of them,) as als-o sevoial of his baud, were Catholics at the
lime of Minting the tieaty, and infused to emigrate west, as
it would cause them to roeede again into barbarism; that
