1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•1-87
trine that because there had not been a legal pro-
vision for such cases we were never to allow them,
we might as well dismissal! consideration of pri-
vate claims. So much for the general principle.
i acknowledge that I do not tike the looks of
things, when, after having had the subject before
them, the Senate have refused to authorize a thing,
and then the President makes an appointment to
do the thing which the Senate have refused to au-
thorize. On the first impression it looks like a
want of courtesy; butthat is all there is of it. The
President still has the power to make appoint-
ments, and he may trust to the generosity, if you
please, or the sense of justice of Congress to
make the appropriation. Now, the result of this
mission to Hambuig has been so marked, so ben-
eficial m its consequences lo the section of coun-
try in which I live, that 1 cannot think it proper
to let the subject entirely drop without any re-
marks of mine upon it.
For many years our people had been in the
habit of going to Europe—to Spain, to Franco,
to Germany, as well as to England—for the pur-
pose of obtaining breeds to improve their sheep,
and to impiovc the condition of the wool-growing
interest of the country, a very impoi taut interest.
Great sums of money had been expended in that
way; great numbersof different vatletiesof sheep
had been from time to time imported in to this coun-
try; but I need notgointo thathistoiy. American
ingenuity and enterprise, imptovmg upon these
materials \v hich they had obtained from Europe, in
point of fact finally produced a character of sheep,
of wool-growing animals, which was of superior
oidcr toany in Europe. In the region from which
1 come we had known this for several years,but
the whole people of the United States did not
know it. The people of California did not know
it. It is true they had begun to send to Now
England for sheep, and to take them fiom thence
to California; but they did it, not, because they
thought it better than to go to Europe for them,
although they had been to Europe for some, but
because it was easier for them.
This improved breed of sheep, improved upon
by American enterprise and Ameucan ability,
were carried to the Hamburg fair. They there
came in competition with the best breeds of Eu-
rope—flocks brought in by their nobility from nil
the different parts of Germany, from Spain, from
France, and from Holland—and on full and fair
investigation, undei the supervision of this com-
missioner, it was there decided that those sheep,
carried indeed from Vermont, were superior to
any sheep on eaith. It was so decided in Eui ope
by their own committees. The sheep wore taken
from Vermont, and were sold by Mr. Campbell
in Europe after that decision. Though thatllock
went from Vermont, it is not true that that kind
of sheep is confincd to Vermont. They i re to be
found all over New England, and they are getting
West now much more than they were formerly.
Amei icans were t hen informed by Eui opean de-
cisions, " You need not send to Europe any more
afier sheep to improve your breeds; you have
got the best at home." Now, I undertake to de-
clare that there ha\e been thousands, and I will
not hesitate to say hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars saved to this country by that very decision;
preserved here instead of being sent to Europe.
To be sure, you may say that fabulous prices
have been and are being given. It is nut an
uncommon thing now in New England to sell a
single buck for $2,000 forthe purpose of carrying
him to California or to the West. Whole flocks
of the first quality of ewes mo sold for two or three
hundred dollars a head, entiiely for the purpose
of breeding and improving the condition of the
sheep of the country. That money foimerly used
to go to Europe, but it is now saved m the coun-
try; and it is saved, as I may say, as the result
of this very mission to the Hamburg fair.
Such having been the consequences in my part
of the country, I could not think it my duty to
let it diop au being a thing that did not call for
some recognition. The services have been ren-
dered; they were undoubtedly valuable; and
though we did not order the thing to be done, in-
asmuch as it has been done, and well done, I
think it better to pay for it.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand ibis to be a question whether we shall
pay a few thousand dollais for the benefit of the
agricultural inteiest of tho country or for valu-
able services rendered in an exigency which had
not been foreseen, and no payment therefor been
previously authorized by law. If it were either
of those questions, .Uphould find no difficulty in
voting for it. 1 understand it to be a question
totally different. It is in effect this: if a given
subject, which is not within the sphere of execu-
tive action, be brought before Congress where it
properly belongs, and Congress in their wisdom
or want of wisdom (whichever it may have been)
refuse to take any action, can the Executive still
go on in the face of that decision, accomplish the
object, and lay the foundation of a claim which
we ought to pay ? 1 think not. The Executive
ought not to do thus. I do not know that he has.
I am sure that it would be setting a very vicious
precedent if we were to make this appropriation.
What is the fact in this case? It has been per-
fectly correctly stated by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. An application was made
to Congress for an appropriation*for the purpose
of representing this country at an agricultural fair
in Europe. A resolution on the subject was seftt
to the Committee on Foreign Relations It was
reported favorably. It came back to the Senate,
and the chairman of the committee, representing
the committee, urged the expediency of making
an appropriation for the purpose asked. It was
discussed very fully in this body. In view of
the condition of the country at that time, the Sen-
ate did not deem it expedient to make the appro-
priation. We were m a state of war; we were
accumulating daily an immense debt. It was
thought an unpropitious time to vote even the
sum of §5,000 to represent the agricultural inter-
est of this country abroad; and after, as 1 say,
a very full discussion of the question, the propo-
sition was rejected. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] with his usual persist-
ency when he is right, us he generally is, at least
m his own estimation,and very frequently in the
opinion of the Senate also, not satisfied with the
rejection, attain pressed it on an appropriation
bill, having the authority of the committee for so
doing, and it was agam lejected; and I believe it
was again offered and still again rejected.
I am not about to say that the honorable Sena-
tor from Iowa had not a right to complain of this,
and representing, as he does to-wo me extent, the
farming inteiests of the country, I will not deny
that he had a light to say, " Why, this is very
nariovv and illibeial to the most important inter-
est of the country " 1 am not sure, however, that
we had the aid of the honoiable Senator's voice
on that occasion. 1 forget how it was; but atall
events, if we had his aid, we failed entirely to
cairy the pioposition; it was lost, ifhedidnot
come to the rescue I am sony for it, for with his
aid I think we should piobubly have carried it;
but whether we had it or not, the proposition was
defeated.
in this condition of things, I ask, if the Exec-
utive has appointed an agent to go to Europe, and
the bills for his salary or necessary expenses are
brought here to "Congress, and we refuse to pay,
ought it to bo said that we are inimical to the
agricultural interest? No, sir, it is not a fair
statement of the case. It is whether or not the
legislative department of the country shall be in-
dependent of the Executive, or shall be controlled
by and be subordinate to the Executive.
The honorable Senator from Iowa alludes to
the matter of light-houses. Suppose there was a
bill brought into this body to buiid a light-house
which should be the means of lighting ships into
the most important hftibor of the country; that it
was discussed here, and after full deliberation
was voted down as at the time, at all events, not
necessary, not a judicious thing to do; arid that
as soon as that had been done, the Tteasury De-
partment had gone on and built the light-house
and sent the bills here to be paid: would anybody
think that we were hound, out of regard to the
commercial interests of the country, to vote an
appropriation to pay those expenses? No, sir;
and yet nobody would say there was hostility to
the commercial inteiests because we refused, un-
der those circumstances, to pay the expenses of
building such a light-house, it was a legislative
matter beyond doubt; and if, under oeitain cir-
; cnmstances and in an exigency, expenses had
been incuned to erect a light-house, and the b1 tl
I ha-1 been Mint heie with a request to have it paid,
! that would be another thing; perhaps it would be
just and proper to pay it;- but if the matter had
been brought here in the outset, and it had been
examined, and the judgment of the Senate and of
Congress had been passed upon it that it ought
not to be done, I submit that the executive de-
partment could not then properly do it, and we,
with a proper sense of self-respect, and duty to
the Constitution and to ourselves coald not then
pay it or authorize it to be paid.
Thus this matter now stands. It has been
passed upon by the legislative department, passed
upon beforehand; the case has been decided; and
after that, executive action has been had con-
trary to the decision of Congress, and we, be-
cause the service is said to be valuable, are asked
now to pay for it. I submit, Mr.President, that
we have said, although the service might be valu-
able, we could not incur the expense; and under
those circumstances propriety, every principle
on which this Senate ought to act, requires us
now to refuse to make this appropriation.
Mr. HOWE, i am going to vote for this
amendment, and I desire to say that I arrugoing
to vote for it without the slightest regard to the
question whether the services ofGovernor Wright
in that convention were of value to one interest
oi another of this country, or to no interest. I
do not know, in fact, what was the value of his
services as an agent of the Government there.
Whether he was there in the interest of agricul-
ture in general, or the wool interest in particu-
lar, or whether he was there in the interest of
the mechanical or manufacturing industry of the
country, or whether he was there in the com-
mercial interest as an agent of the Light-Iiouse
Board, I do not stop to inquire at all. I am gov-
erned by the simple fact that he took a designa-
tion from the President of the United States,
and went theje in 18G3 to represent the United
States of America in a convention in which the
United States of America would not have been
represented if he had not gone there; and that of
itself I think of great value to this country. It
is a great gratification to my feelings to know
that he was there at all events.
When the resolution referred to by the Sena-
tor fiom Massachusetts was before tho Senate,
proposing to provide for just such a mission and
pay for it, I voted for it; and when the Senate re-
fused to make that appropriation I regretted it. I
knew that we were in the very morning of a strug-
gle, the end of which was intended to putan end
to this nationality. I hoped that it would termin-
ate differently. 1 knew that the very purpose of
the assault which was then made upon us was to
end this nationality. 1 thought it was excellent
policy for us to make believe we were a nation-
ality even then. There was a congress of the
nations, and I thought it was our business to
take our seat there, and to keep the flag flying;
and when this Senate refused to make an appro-
priation for that purpose I regretted it. 1 must
say that, individually, I felt humiliated by it, more
so than when our flag was pulled down fromFoit
Sumter. There was one place wheie the nations
were represented, and where we did not take our
seats. I wanted that we should appear every-
i where.
I do not think the President overruled Con-
gress or attempted to overrule Congress at all.
Congress simply said, not that we would not be
represented there, but that we would not make
any appropriation. Whether that decision was
at rived at from any doubt as to whether we were
an existing nation or not, I shall not undertake
to say. I presume it was not. Theysimply said
that under existing circumstances they would not
make an appropriation. The President never
said you should. The President has simply sent
an agent theie to represent us. lie lias imposed
no legal obligation upon the country to pay fur
those services. The question for us todeteimine
is whether we are glad to have been represented
there or not. if we aie, I think we should make
payment for it; and I «un willing to make pay-
ment because of the mere fact of being repre-
si nted theie. I would vote for this simple ap-
propriation if the President, instead of sending
Govurnoi Wright, had sent a photograph of the
goddess of Liberty there—anything to represent
this nation m that congress. That is what I am
willing to pay for, and that is what I shall vote
to pay for.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I can nearly
