954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
permission was granted them by said treaty to settle in
northern Michigan, wheie they would enjoy the instruc-
tion of priests, and receive their propoition of the aunui-
ue&; that they indue time applied to theOttawns of 1'Aibie
Cjoehf, near Mackinac, for permission to amalgamate wilh
them, winch, owinsr to the interference of some evil-dis-
posed whites-, was refused ; that they then puiehased lands
of Hie United States, which a portion of them still occupy,
(except forty acres appropriated to their mission.)"
Now, Mr. President and Senators, as between
the two brandies of the Indian tribe it is of no
earthly consequence to the Indians of Kansas
whether the Michigan Indians were permitted to
jive at t'Arbre Croche or at Lake Pokason. What
difference did it make to the Indians in Kansas?
The question whether they lived at Lake Poka-
gon or at I'Arbre Croche, or lived in Michigan at
ali, was a question as between the Michigan In-
dians and the United States. We have waived
our rights, if we had any, to compel them to live
at 1'Arbre Croche, and it does not affect the equi-
ties between the Indians of Michigan and the In-
dians of Kansas whether the Michigan Indians
went up to the northern part of the peninsula of
Michigan or removed to some other point in the
State of-Michigan. We by allowing them to re-
main,there, wc by confemnga title upon them to
land and allowing them to settle upon it in Michi-
gan, have waived any technical right we had to
insist that they should go and live with the Ot-
tawas at 1'Arbre Croche; and therefoie I think
that the equities of this ease as between the two
blanches of the Indian tube do not require us to
say that those Indians by remaining in Michigan
have forfeited their rights. That is the view which
pressed upon inynnnd,andl think it is just.
Although you may say technically they did not
live at 1'Arbre Croche as the treaty required, there
was yet an excuse for it, and we at all events have
waived that condition and allowed them to re-
main in Michigan. My fiicnd from Minnesota
in speaking on tins subject said there were some
Pottcuvatomies now wandering in Wisconsin.
Mr. RAMSEY. Winnebagoes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And theie are some Pot-
tnwalomies also in Wisconsin as well as some
Wmnebagoes that have never removed west; but
there was no provision in the treaty for the bene-
fit of those residing in Wisconsin, while there was
an express clause in the treaty in relation to the
Catholic band of Indians in Michigan, and the
purpose of this appropiiaiion is to carry into
effect the clause of that treaty.
The Senate understand, as I stated the other
day, that die House of Representatives proposed
to take $19;},000 lor this purpose and give to these
Indians in Michigan; not only their ri ht to a
share of the money annuities, (he #50,000 which
we propose to give, but also to give them a right
to a share of the lands which have been sold west
of the Mississippi river, and a right to their por-
tion of the school fund which was to establish
schools in their new homos, ami the mill fund
winch was to establish mills there also. The com-
mittee of the Senate rejected these propositions
and reduced the amount to $50,000,and, as I have
Raid, we propose to divide it into five equal an-
nual installments; and lest there should be any
danger of the money getting into the hands of
agents here in Washington or anywhere else, we
require the money to be paid over into the hands
of the Indians in Michigan by the Government
agent there, who is Hon. Mr. Lead), with whom
most of us arc personally acquainted.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will endeavor to state as
briefly and clearly as I am able the ground of
this claim. The bands of Indians called in this
joint resolution and these documents the Michi-
gan Indians constituted a part of what is known
as the United nation of Pottawatomies, Chippe-
was, arid Ottawas. At the date of the treaty of
Chicago of September 27, 1833, these Michigan
Indians owned and possessed within the limits
of Michigan, then a Territory, one hundred and
sixty-four sections of land. On the 26th of Sep-
tember, 1833, the United nation made a treaty
with^the United States by which they ceded to
the United States about five million acres of land
lying within the limits of the State of Illinois.
The Michigan Indians did not intend, it seems,
to remove west of the Mississippi river in pursu-
ance of the policy of the Government which then
existed—it was under General Jackson's admin-
istration—and in order to quiet them there was
foimed on the 27ih of September, the day after
the main tieafy of Chicago was formed, a supple-
mental treaty, and in the supplemental treaty the
contracting part'es agreed as follows:
" And as since the signing of the treaty"—
That is, the treaty of September 26—
"And as since the ?ignins of the treaty a part of the band
residing on the reservations in the Territory of Michigan
have icquested, on account of their religious creed, per-
mission to remove to the northern part of the peninsula of
Michigan, it is agreed that, m case of such removal, the
just piopoitioh of ali annuities payable to them under
former tieaties, and that arising fiom the sale of the res-
ervation on which they now reside, shall be paid them at
1'Arbre Croche.''
What was their share in the annuities existing
under prior treaties? Nothing but their propor-
tional share as members of the United nation.
What was their interest in the reservations in
Michigan? They were the possessors and occu-
pants of one hundred and sixty-four sections of
land lying in Michigan which had been reserved to
them under prior treaties. By this supplemental
treaty they sold their one hundred and sixty-
four sections of land to the United States for the
sum of $100,000, $60,000 of which were paid down
to them in cash and ingoods, and there remained
to be paid to them the sum of $40,000, which was
stipulated by the treaty to be paid in annuities of
§2,000 a year.
Now, sir, it is perfectly easy to see, is it not,
that this §40,000 was part of the purchase price
of .the reservations which they sold by the sup-
plemental treaty of the 27th of September. That
sum has never been paid to these Indians, nor
have they been paid any sum whatever as their
proportional share of the purchase price of the
lands belonging to the United nation and which
were sold to the United States by the treaty of
the 26th of September. That balance due to the
Michigan Indians remains still to be paid, and
this is the basis to their claim. They stand, arid
stand solely, upon this stipulation in the supple-
mental treaty of the 27th of September, permit-
ting them, if they saw fit, to remove to the little
settlement called I'Aibre Croche, in the northern
part of the lower peninsula of Michigan.
I am not able to agree with what seems to be
the opinion of my friend from Wisconsin, the
chairman^ of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
when he intimates, or seems to intimate, that it
was a requirement of the supplemental treaty
that these Indians should go to 1'Arbre Croche.
I do not so read the treaty. It ceitainlyis not so
expressed in the terms of it; the terms of the
treaty being that " in case of such removal they
shall receive the just proportion of all annuities
payable to them under foimer treaties and that
arising from the sale of the reservation on which
thoy now reside," at that place. Is it notas plain
as the sun at noonday that this clause was incor-
porated in the supplemental treaty merely for the
benefit and advantage of thess Michigan .Indians,
and for no other purpose? Certainly it is to my
mind a very strained, unnatural,and absurd con-
struction to say (hat in case they refused to goto
and remain at 1'Arbre Croche they forfeited all
their right and title to the purchase-money which
belonged to them upon the cession of their lands
to the United States. Without intending any dis-
respect to the gentlemen opposing this claim, I
must say that it is certainly a very ingenious mode
of cheating the Indians by a mere interpretation
of a treaty written in a language foreign to them
and which most of them were totally ignorant of.
in a dispute between two white men, the one
having sold his land to the other, and agreed, if
you please, to take payment at a particular place,
what would be said if a defense to such a claim
as that were that because payment was not de-
manded at t lie place where it was due, it was there-
fore absolutely and totally forfeited ? Such a de-
fense would not be listened to a moment in a court
of justice. I dislike to occupy the time of the
Senate on a point which is to my mind so per-
fectly obvious, so incapable of argument.
I remarked yesterday that I supposed the reso-
lution from the House of Representatives, appro-
priating $192,000 to the Michigan Indians, was
founded upon a report of the committee of the
House of Representatives and upon an estimate
which had been furnished fiom the Indian Bu-
leau. I was contradicted m a very grave manner
•—certainly in a very sincere and courteous man-
ner—by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,)
who informed the Senate that I was " very largely
iueiT<M,,,in that statement, and that the resolution
really was founded upon no such report. Ibegto
refer the Senate to the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the House of Representatives
dated February 19, 1864, in which the committee
use the following language on this subject, and'it
contains a brief statement of the whole case.
Speaking of the Michigan Indians, they say:
"They continued their efforts and carried the matterta
Congress, and On the 2d day of March, 1601, a law was
passed ordering an examination, and rpport to Congress
which wa?completed and made hy the Secretaty ot' tue In-
terior on the lilth day of December, 1862. The records of
the Committee on Indian Affaus show that the claimants
-were not then ready for action, and the matter has laid over •
to the present time."
And again:
" Six himdiod and forty-three thousand dollars of this
money is now in the hands of the Government at five per
cent. The report of the fcSecietarv or the Inieuor shows the
ainouut due the claimants to be $19:2,845. which sum has
been panfcfftbe mam nation euoneously, and should be
reclaimed and paid to the claimants."
I hope the Senator from Kansas, before he con-
tradicts me again in a statement of fact will con-
descend at least to examine the documents con-
nected with the case.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield to the Senator from
Kansas?
Mr. HOWARD. In a moment I shall be
through. This document is not only a report of
a committee of the House of Representatives, but ^
it embodies'in itself the result of an investigation
and a report made in the Indian Office and fur-
nished to Congress, so that in both respects my
statement was accurate and true and was not
" largely in error,''as the Senator imputes. This
report shows that these Indians in Michigan are
entitled in justice and equity not only to the sum
of $50,000, which is the amount of the present
amendment, but to $192,000 as the just amountof
indebtedness to them on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
I hope, sir, that the joint resolution will passj
and that partial "justice at least will be done to
these Christian Indians who have waited so long
and so patiently for that which is honestly anu
legally due to them, but which has been withheld
from them-for some reason or other. I am asked
whether the Indians have made claim before. On
that point let me read from the very report which
I hold in my hand:
"The whole was properly ratified hy all parties. The
removal of the main nation vve&t did not commence until
three yeaisatter, namely, 1835. The lecords of the Depart-
ment show that up to this period Pokasron and his band
shared equally in all of the annuitiesmentioncd heretofoie.
From that date the whole of the moneys were paid out to
tne main nation we.-t until 1543. In thai year Rohet t Stuart,
then superintendent af Detroit, Michigan, addressed a let-
ter to the Coinmis-s-ioner of Indian Affair-', statins that sons
of'Pokagon and -ome of his people had applied to him for
their annuities guarantied to men, utidei the ueaiy of 1833;
that the} had been to the noitheri. pait of Michigan; that
Pokagon was dead ; that they had received no inonev*, and
that they numbered!about two hundred and fifty persons.
A pomoti nftlic $I6,GU0 peipetual annuity under the treaty
of July 29, IH29, was then allowed,.them, amounting to
,587 50, and has been paid to them annually ever since.
Thus the matter tested until somewhere about 1856, when
tht'&e Indians, being -^ati-lied that theyweic not having
their just lights, again importuned the Department lor ac-
tion in the matter, which was denied, except to admit
there was somethmgduc them fiom 1836 to 1843."
And fiom that time, 1843, up to the present
time, these Indians, poor, ignorant, dependent
wards of the Government as they aie, have by
their agents,at their own expense, and at a very
heavy expense, been prosecuting themselves their
just claim against the Government of the United
States. I remarked yesterday that the character
of the agents in this case has nothing whatever to
do with the merits ^of the claim. I presume it is,
hke hundreds of other claims, in the hands of
agents appointed by the claimants. I have a
knowledge of some of the agents who are con-
nected with the prosecution of this claim, and, so
far as I know, and so far as I believe, they are gen-
tlemen of honor and of veracity and of integrity.
Oneot them, who has been residing here during
the whole session, is a member of th ? Indian band
itself, lumselfan educated Indian, as honesta man
and as sincere a man as lives, it is very likely
that a portion of this money that may be recovered
will be given over to attorneys and to agents who
have assisted the Indians in the recovery of it.
It is not to be withheld on that account. If the
Indians have employed agents and attorneys, they
expect, like honest men, to pay them, and they
