190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the majority can change the Constitution, and that
the immense vote against any such proposed
change should have no influence, then 1 will give
up the contest. If he makes any argument atall
of the kind which I understood him to make,
should he not claim that two thirds of the people
of the United States sustained his candidate and
platform ?
Mr. KASSON. I will remark to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallouy] that he again
fails to appreciate the old Democratic doctrine,
that the will of the majority constitutionally ex-
pressed is the lawful indication of the course that
should* be pursued by the Democracy. But when
the proposition is not final, hut is to submit the
amendment thus supported by the majority to
the constitutional preponderating majority of two
thirds and three fourths, it is against u ue Democ-
racy to refuse that submission to the people.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, i will make another statement which he
can have the benefit of in his argument, and that
is that that form of amendment was voted for by
a minority of the people of the United States.
Mr. KASSON. I find that my friend has fallen
into another error which we have so often found
prevailing with him and his friends, and that is,
the recognition of the right of men who have re-
pudiated (he Constitution and sought to ovei throw
the Government to be allowed to press down and
resist the action of men who acknowledge their
just allegiance to it; a doctrine that is anti-Demo-
cratic, unjust, and, I think, against the future as
well as the present peace of this country. Aside
from that his statement is unfounded in fact.
The course of our national statesmanship upon
thisquestion has been somewhat remarkable. The
pendulum has swung first in one direction, then
by reaction in the other direction, and now it is
returning to the coutse of itsorigmal action. The
fathers of this country did consider this question,
and considered it in the same spirit in which we
are nowconsidenng it upon thissideof the House.
We are told here that the change is radical; that
we have no power or authority to make it; in
other words, that we are proposing to introduce
into the Constitution an element and doctrine bo
much outside of the scope of the Constitution, as
originally established, as to deserve the appella-
tion now of a radical "and unjustifiable change.
And one of tin.' gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, 1 think the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory,] demanded at the close of his argu-
ment yesterday, " If you do this thing what obli-
gation will exist upon the States or the people to
adhere to a Government thus tadically changed?"
To that I wish now to call the attention of the
House.
And first, I ask permission to read what oc-
cturedin the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution, and the reasons given for that action,
showing that the position taken by gentlemen
upon th.it aide of the House yesterday was in di-
rect contravention of the spirit of the fathers who
made the Constitution itself. For example, quot-
ing from the third volumeof the Madison Papeis,
when the very (juestion of the action of the Con-
vention upon this subject *vusrcfuirod to and was
under consideration, Mr. Madison declated that
he " thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution
that theie could be property in man;" and Mr.
Randolph moved that the word " servitude" bo
stricken out and the word " service" inserted;
and then follows the ieason,as given in the Mad-
ison Papeis, for the change:
"Theformer [servitude] being thought to expre^ the con-
ditio. \ of slaves, and tiic latter [scmtc] the obligation of
free persons,."
it was so done.
Not only that, but this subect was wrought into
the veiy texture of- the Constitution itself; for that
Convention prohibited the importation of slaves
into this country after the year named in the Con-
stitution; that its to say, ir authorizes the prohibi-
tion of that importation after the year 1803,*hnd
that prohibition was made effectual by subsequent
law. *•
1 refer to this to show that we arc only treating
upon one of the same class of questions which
weie treated by the men who made the Consti-
tution itself; and therefore it is now within the
legitimate scope of any constitutional amendment
affecting this subject.
I will now ask the Clerk to read to this House
the opinions entertained by Patrick llenry, as
expressed in the convention of Virginia that
met for the ratification of the Constitution. I
ask him to read the passage I have marked to
show that he opposed the adoption of the Con-
stitution, or expressed doubts of the propriety of
so doing, because it so far covered this subject,
in its terms, as to justify even the positive and
direct action of Congress itself upon it, without
any additional authority to be derived from a
future amendment of that instrument.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" If you give power to the General Government to pro-
vide for the geneial defense, the means must be commen-
suiate to the end. Ail the means in the possession of the
people inu<t be given to the Government winch 1$ intrusted
with tiie public defense. In tlu-3 State there are two hun-
dred and tlntly-bix thousand black?., and there are many
in several other Staff"; but there1 are few or none in the
northern States; and vt-t, if the noithein States s-hall be of
opinion that out numbfn-; are numberless, they may call
forth every national rcsouice. May Congiess not «ay that
every black must fight? Did we not «ee a little of this last
war? We were not so hard pushed as to make emancipation
geneial; but acts of Assembly p.is>ed, that every slave who
would go to the Aimy should be fiee. Another thing will
contribute to bring this event about. Slaveiy is deleted ;
we feel it& fatal effects; we deploie it with all the pity oi
humanity. Let all the-u considerations at nome future
period pie«*  with full force on the minds of Congress. Let
that humanity which, ] trust, will dis-tingm-fli Amettca, and
the necessity of national defense; let an tin^e things op-
erate on their mind*; tiiey will se.ucli that paper and «.ee
if they have power of nuiuunus&ion. And have they not,
sir? Have they not power to piovide tor the geneial de-
fence and welfare? May they not think that these call for
the abolition of slavery ?• May not they pronounce all slaves
free ? And will they not be vvananted by that power? There
is no ambiguous implication or logical deduction. The
papei speaks to the point. They have tho power m clear,
unequivocal terms, and will clearly and certainly exer-
cise it."
'Mr. KASSON. And in reply to objections of
that kind, made in the convention of Virginia,
another distinguished member of that convention,
Governor Randolph, rebuked them,and said:
" I hope that thcie are none here who, considering the
subject in the calm light of philosophy, will advance an ob-
jection dishonorable to Virginia, that, at the moment they
are securing the i i hts of their citizens, theie is a spark of
hope that these uuloitiinate men now held in bondage
mav, b> the operation of the Gcueial Goiet 7inient} be made
free.1'—3 Ell. Deh , p:igo 598.
Such, sir, was the doctrine, at that time, of the
futhei s of the country, regarding it as a consider-
ation m favor of the Constitution then proposed
for adoption that there was a possihiliiy that un-
der its operation, whether by laws passed under
it or by amendments that might be. made in ac-
cordance with it, there was a possibility,'' a spark
of hope," in the language of Governor Randolph,
44 that these unfortunate men held in bondage
might be made fiee."
Again, sir, at the same time when the Conven-
tion that framed the Constitution was m session
the Congress of the Confederation was sitting in
Philadelphia; and I quote from the act known as
the " oidmance of 1787," which established free-
dom throughout the great northwestern territory,
these words, declaring its put pose:
li For extending the fundamental principle of civil and
i*tli «ious hheity,winch hum the ba-is whereon these lepub
he.', llieu law-2, and cou-uisHion-, aie eiecud.'"'
Thus declaring that the very basis on which rested
thy ic pub lies then existing, the several States then
sovereign, was the fundamental principle of civil
and religious libei ty; and they desiied to extend it
to the northwestern territory by decluing every
slave free (that was the practical effect of it) in
all (hat vast territoiy. And 1 may state in this con-
nection that by act of Congress at that time, and
by its reennctment by the first constitutional Con-
gress, slaves were emancipated in that territory.
And 1 recollect well that subsequently there
came from Indiana, then uTeintory, (and, Mr.
Speaker, you will lumembcr the historical fact,)
petitions to Congress, praying for the suspension,
in regard to slavery, of the operation of that or-
dinance reenacted under the Constitution, the
object being, from the necessity for labor, to au-
thorize the people of that Territory to hold slaves
fpr a longer period.
Thus we find, sir, that in the very inception of
the Government, by its organic laws, by its de-
bates (and I could occupy hours in citing fiom
them to the same effect) this very subject was con-
sidered as a legitimate subject of U gisiation. And
when the other gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
C^ay] declares that by this proposition we pio>
pose to take from the people of Kentucky their
property, to deprive them of that which belonged
to them as property, I call his attention to the bet-
ter spirit of the fathers of this country, who de-
nied that it was property,and regarded it only in
the light of personal service, like that which an
apprentice owes to his master, except that this
continued for life and the other for a term of years.
And further, in connection with this charge of
robbing citizens of their property, I call attention
to the fact that, so far as 1 have been able to exam-
ine, all the emancipation that has taken place in
the United States of America from the beginning
of its history to the present time, whether by States
or by the United States, has been emancipation
withoutcompensation. Letany gentleman in this
House from any State in the Union where eman-
cipation has taken place, correct my statement if
I am in error, in Massachusetts there was no
compensation 
Mr. MALLORY. Emancipation heretofore
has been more gradual, and not immediate.
Mr. KASSON. No, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. And by the States, and not
by the Federal Government.
Mr. KASSON. I speak now of the principle
of compensation, if it is unjustifiable, there being
no express provisions of the Constitution against
it, if it be unjustifiable to take what they call
property without just compensation, then, sir, it
applies to the action of States exactly as it does
to the United States; and to gradual emancipa-
tion identically with prompt emancipation; for
gradual emancipation only takes away a smaller
proportion, a less amount of the property, it
would be just as much a violation of piinciple.
It is a question of degree, and not a change of
principle.
Now I afKrm, Mr. Speaker, that the State of
Massachusetts emancipated without compensa-
tion; that the State of New Hampshire emanci-
pated without compensation; so also the State of
Rhode Island; the State of Connecticut; the State
of New York; and the State of Pennsylvania; so
also the State of Missouri; so also the State of
Maryland, thank God,since the outbreak of this
war. And done upon this principle, not that it is
taking away property, but that it is dissolving a
relation; in other words, declaring that this is not
property nt all, but is a relation or an institution
wluch is always subject to the opetation of the
legislation of the country in proper form.
Now, sir, this being so, with what consistency
with the history of this countfy, I ask gentlemen
on that side of the House, can they rise hero and
say that this change is " unjustifiable," " uncon-
stitutional," " radical," so as even to dischtuge
from allegiance to this Government the States and
the citizens of the several States? So it was in-
timated yesterday by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mallory.] There is no basis for
the charge in history. There is no basis for it in
logic. Our fathers did not regard this as property
like that which is pioperty by the universal laws
of mankind. Why, sir, that thing winch is re-
garded as propei ty under the'Constitution of the
United States and by all civilized nations we all
understand. Remedies aie given in every eouit
in every civilized nation for the recovery and
protection of what is generally called property.
Tlus used to be called an institution. They used
to appeal to us, u Do not touch our domestic re-
lations; do not touch our domestic institutions."
But when they find that institutions and relations
are the subjects of legislation, they then change
the name and call it " property" and interference
with their " property."
From my own State I wish to cite a very remark-
able illustration of the point,a very solemn state-
ment of a citizen of Iowa, whom gentlemen on the
other side will acknowledge as authority, the very
gentleman who, if my memory is not in error, offi-
ciated in Iowa during the lust canvass upon the
Democratic Central National Executive Commit-
tee, a gentleman who was judge in the Tenitory of
Iowa, and whose judgments appear in the first
volume of our judicial decisions. This gentleman
still Adheres to Democracy in its strongest and
most obnoxious form, so far as I know. I icad
from the Ihst case reported in the first volume of
the reports of that Tenitory to show the position
that was judicially taken by a gentleman hold-
ing that relation to H and to the Democi atic pai ty.
it was a ease involving the right of a slave to his
freedom by virtue of a territorial law of Congress,
