1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95?
ment make the point upon Mr. Brackenridge that
he is not the agent of the Pottawatomie Indians?
- Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Brackenridge, how-
ever, lias filed his power of attorney with the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But has not been rec-
ognized.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He has been heard, and
his written statement has been filed; and this case
lias been fully heard,! think, by the committee
on both sides. As to my friend's apprehension
of an Indian war in Kansas, to grow out of the
fact that we take from Indians who have been
overpaid this money, without charging any inter-
est, and pay it over to those rightfully entitled
to it in five annual payments, are altogetherun-
founded. We simply say that the Indians in Kan-
sas shall refund to the Michigan Indians what be-
longs to them. Those apprehensions, it seems
to me, must be without any foundation.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will state to my friend from
Wisconsin that their being over p,aid is the very
question in issue.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course, as between my
friend and myself that is a question. He claims
that nothing is due to them.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr.President, is nothing in
this Government ever to be settled? Are we not
to accredit the official acts of our public function-
aries? They have decided and executed the treaties,
and paid the money due under the treaties for
thirty years past, and they have done it in this
case in pursuance of the principle and policy that
has been maintained in relation to every other In-
dian tribe since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. Now, with what propriety can a Senator
come here and say that this money has been
•wrongfully paid tothemain bodyoftheselndians?
& has been paid in strict pursuance of treaty stip-
ulations and in strict pursuance of the policy of
the Government m relation to this particular tribe
and in relation to every other Indian tribe with
which we are now in treaty relations from the be-
ginning; and the passage of this bill is to over-
turn the policy of the Government, is to set up a
Jiew policy at war with the principles that have
heretofore contiolled the executive branch of the
Government. Under this view of the case I
think it may well be suggested by the Senator
from Kansas that the Indians themselves will not
be satisfied with this, they not having been con-
sulted. You make a treaty with them, and agree
to pay them certain sums of money from year to
year. This money has been paid annually for
• thirty years last past; and now, without consult-
ing them, without entering into any treaty regu-
lations or bargain with them by which you ob-
tain consent to this diversion of one fifth of their
funds, you propose to pay it over to other people
that they say are not entitled to it, and which you
yourselves, through the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for thirty
years last past, say they are not entitled to.
The inteipietation that I place on this treaty
is in accoidance with the ruling of the Govern-
ment. This question has been decided over and
over and over again every year from the ratifica-
tion of this treaty down to the present moment,
and this bill proposes now to unsettle this policy,
to upturn these decisions, to go back thirty years
and take money from these Indians, or stop
future payments in the Commissioner's hands for
the purpose of paying it over to parties that are
not entitled to it according to your own ruling,
accordingto the uniform action and policy of your
own Government and your own executive officers.
I cannot see where this will end if we are to un-
settle the policy of this Government in this way.
You have the Commissionerof Indian Affairs and
the Secietary of the Interior from year to year
now paying outmillions of money to the Indians.
If that is to settle nothing, if it is ail subject to be
oveiturned by a committee of the House of Rep-
lesentatives, or of the Senate, on the suggestion
of some claim agent, when arc these questions
to bo ended, when are they to be terminated?
Among civilized communities an honest debt is
supposed to be barred in the course of six or
eight or ten years. Ought not such a principle
to operate in favor of savug&s with whom we are
in treaty relations?
It seems to me this question is too plain for an
argument, and I hope that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kansas may prevail. If anything is to
be done I prefer that the amendment I proposed
should be adopted. I think this is the nearest
fair of anything that has been suggested, but I
shall not be tenacious on this point.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa speaks of this bill as being a depart-
ure from the policy of the Government; he has
not shown in what respect it is a departure from
that policy, and I must still presume that what he
says on this subject is assumption without proof,
for certainly I have seen no direct proof of it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have referred to the pro-
visions of the treaties themselves, and I have list-
ened just now to the reading of the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, as recited by the chair-
man of the committee. The present Secretary of
the Interior says that these Indians are not en-
titled to anything under the treaties; and there
can be no question on that point in the minds of
those who are familiar with the provisions of the
Indian treaties. I knowa technical argument may
be set up, such as we have listened to to-day and
yesterday from the Senator from Michigan, as to
the literal or technical meaning of certain phrases
in a treaty; but then no one will call in ques-
tion that these treaties have been executed as they
were originally intended to beexecuted, in accord-
ance with their spirit and meaning, as understood
at the time and understood ever since for a period
of thirty years by the Government itself.
Mr. HO WARD. Mr. President, the policy of
the Government, if there be any such thing worthy
of the name, is to do justice and to keep the con-
tracts which the Government has made not only
with the Indian tribes but with foreign nations.
That is the true policy of the Government. Now,
sir, 1 know of no policy of the Government of the
United States which can set aside the plain, im-
perative language of a treaty into which the Gov-
ernment has entered. In the present case the Gov-
ernment has entered into a treaty which m direct
and positive terms engages to pay to these Michi-
gan Indians their just proportion of the purchase
price of the lands sold by the United nations in
Illinois, and the price ofthe reservations lying in
Michigan. That clause declares:
" It is agreed"—
Agreed not only by the Indians, but by the Uni-
ted States—
" that in case of such removal"—
That is, the removal of the Indians to I'Arbre
Croche—
" the just proportion of nil annuities payable to them
under toimcr tieanes, and that austng fioin the sale ofthe
reservations on winch they now reside, fehall be paid them
at I'Aibre Cruche."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator per-
mit me to inquire the date of that treaty?
Mr. HOWARD. The date of thdt treaty is Sep-
tember 27,1833, entered into at Chicago. Now,
sir, i stand, not on the policy or practice of the
Government merely; 1 stand not on the construc-
tion which an officer of the Government may have
seen fit to give to this treaty- 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield to the Senator from
Kansas ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, with my " native
courtesy." [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. For which, with na-
tive courtesy, I thank the Senator. [Laughter.]
The Senator has read from the treaty of 1833.
I read from the communication of the Department
of the Interior, office of Indian Affairs, Novem-
ber 35, 1862 
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed the Senator's
object was to put an inquiry; I certainly did not
intend to yield the floor for him to read long doc-
uments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire merely to
read a few lines to show that that treaty has been
settled.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 read:
" The attention of this office was called to this ease
while Mr. Greenwood was Commissioner, and lie le-
ported" 
Mr. HOWARD. What does the Senator read
from?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated " Depart-
ment of the Inteiior, Office of Indian Affairs,
November 15, 1862," and signed "William P.
Dole, Commissioner," in which he says:
"The attention ot this office was called to this ease
while Mr. Greenwood was Commissioner, and he reported
to Secretary Thompson, January 8,1861, and decided that
they were entitled to a proportion of the annuities! under
the treaties of July, 1829, a supplementary to that of Sep-
tember, 1833, amounting to $18,000, and pur annum of
§I,.%7 50, which sum was duly remitted and paid to them
lor 1843, being the Gist payment made to them thereunder
since the year 1836, and from which period they have
since been regularly paid irom yeai to year."
Mr. HOWARD. That document emanates
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and is
dated in November, 1862, if I heard correctly.
The Secretary of the Interior, the chief of that
Commissioner, on the 19th of December, 1862,
certifies in a report made by him that there is
these claimants the sum of §192,845, and
the report is dated one month subsequently to the
document from which the Senator from Kansas
read.
Mr. HARLAN. I think'I ought to state in
relation to the Windom report, as it is called, to
which the Senator from Michigan refeis, that
Mr. Windom told me in person that he did not
draft the report; he never wrote it; his name was
attached to the report as a mere matter of form,
and he requested me to ask our committee to look
into the subject more narrowly on that account.
Mr. HOWARD. I rely upon the official doc-
uments which are laid before the two Houses of
Congress relating to this claim. If there be any
error in that report of Mr. Windom, especially
if there be one so glaring as is now intimated by
the honorable Senator from Iowa, I beg to know
why he has not searched out the original mate-
rials for the purpose of showing and making ap-
parent this error. It certainly was worthy of his
utmost industry and labor, and still he rises in
his place m the Senate and assumes to contradict
a solemn official report, and to disciedit itutterly
upon his own assertion that hearsay evidence has
been brought to his ears contradicting it. i can-
not accept any such evidence as that to set aside
a solemn report made to one of the Houses of
Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator does me
injustice in intimating that I have not examined
this subject. 1 have certainly examined it from
the top to the bottom with what little capacity I
possess, and the conclusion that I come to is that
nothing is due to these Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have no doubt about-that.
The Senator need not have repeated that asser-
tion. That was entirely obvious at the commence-
ment of the discussion on this subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to my learned friend
from ■Michigan now to allow a vote to be taken
and let us proceed to something else.
Mr. HOWARD. One word more only, in
conclusion. Mr. President, standing on the sol-
emn stipulations of the treaty made between the
United States and these claimants, by which the
United States agreed to pay them so much money
at such and such times, an act which the United
States have not performed, it is in vain to tell me
and to tell the Senate of the United States that
the solemn stipulations of a treaty are to be set
aside and annulled by the mere practice of the
Government in refusing payment, or by any other
means except an act as solemn as the treaty itself
which shall annul it. Sir, these claimants have
been knocking at the doors of Congress for more
than twenty years; since 1843 they have made
this claim and kept it alive before Congress and
done all that was in their power to do to obtain
justice at the hands of the nation that ought to
be their protectors and friends instead of their en-
emies. It comes, it seems to me, with a very ill
grace from members of Congress or from those
who affect to represent the Government here to
set upa sort of statute of Iimitationsagainst these
Indians who have been kept out of their honest
dues, not by any laches or neglect of their own,
but by the omnipotent power of Congress, which
has refused to do them justice. Sir, go into a
court of equity and try this question, and it would
not be long before you would get an answer di-
recting the payment of this money to be made to
the Indians. I have no doubt about the justice
of the case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire for one moment
to call attention to the language of the treaty. My
friend from Iowa insists that nothing is due to
