1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
and without compensation. In answer to a part
of the argument, he said:
"The law does not take away his property in ovpre*^
terms but declares if. no longer to be property at all. Of
eouij-e those legal icmedies which can only be rcsoited to
upon the prusumpuou of a still >u bating owner.-Jnp i  the
ina>tt:r, became altogether annihilated."
Now there is the judicial opinion of a strong
and acknowledged Democrat that it is not talcing
away property, but simply changing a relation,
and declaring that that relation shall no longer
constitute property. Sir, it is a modern heresy,
introduced mainly by those who are now the
sworn and acting enemies of the United States,
that a slave is property as your horse, your ox,
and your ass arc property. It is no doctrine of
the fathers and no dpctrine of the Federal courts
of the country as administered in the early times*
Then, sir, i think I have shown by history that
we, at least, have the right to deal with this sub-
ject by amending the Constitution, provided we
do it according to its own terms.
Gentlemen say that we are interfering with
State rights. In this particular I call their atten-
tion to what the Constitution has already done to
interfere with State rights. They tell us this is
a " change" of the General Government. They
call the Constitution an " agency," a "compact,"
a " contract," all of which is contrary to a sound
judgment upon.themstrumcnt itself. I take issue
with that doctrine, and i appeal to those gentle-
men to meet the issue, that the Constitution cre-
ates a Government within the scope of its pow-
ers as absolute, as sovereign, as complete as is
the Government of any State in the Union, legit-
imately constituted by the people.
The Constitution reads in its opening clause,
thai—
£k \Ve< the people of the United States, in order to form
a moil* peif. ct Union, c^tabli^h justice, in^-uie domestic
tranqiullny, provide lor the common defense, promote the
geneial welfare, and secme the blowings of hbeity to otn-
selve-i and oui po^tenty, do oulain and e.-utjlislt thi> Con-
stitution for the United States of America."
Not that " we the sovereign States do make th is
compact;" not that "we the independent States
do agree as follows;" not that " we the people of
the United States create an agency subject to the
control of the States;" but that we the people of
the United States, for the objects named " do or-
dain and establish this Constitution." Now gen-
tlemen may be able to show me in what that dif-
fers from the organization of Use governments in
the States. Hut I challenge them to show me
one point of difference which constitutes this an
agency or compact in distinction from a constitu-
tional Government which does not apply equally
to any State constitution and government in this
Union.
Did not this Constitution interfere with State
rights ? Did it not take away from every one of
those States the right to com money and regulate
the value thereof; the right to establish post offi-
ces and post roads; the right of regulating their
commerce with foreign countries; the ught to
make treaties or alliances with other States; and
the light to do a hundred things which exist with
every sovereign and independent State ? And yet
we. are continually told hcie by gentlemen on the
other side that we are interfering with the right
of sovereign States when the very Constitution
itself takes away a large portion of the rights of
sovereign States and appropriates them to the nc-
tion and control of the Government of the United
States of Ametica.*,
Why, sir, it even compels those States, in their
cont' st with each other, to go into the courts of
the United States as litigants, and qualifies the
Supreme Court of the United States, now sitting
in the other endof this Capitol, to pass judgment
upon the respective claims of what they are pleased
to Ceil I the sovereign States of tins (Jnion. 1 say
that hi the light of these facts it is a logical ab-
surdity to affirm upon this floor that we aie inter-
fering with the lights of sovereign States when
we simply propose to take from the scope of then-
action one single subject more in addition to thore
which wete withdrawn by the original Conslitu-
ti on.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have been listening with
measure, hs 1 aUvays do, to the remarks of the
gcmleman from Iowa. 1 understand them to up- i
ply to something which 1 had the honor to sub-
mit yesteiday. With the gentleman's permis-
sion I will preface the question I desire to ask by
a brief statement. My doctrine upon the subject
of State sovereignty is this: they are sovereign
upon those subjects which were reserved to them
by the Constitution; that the Federal Govern-
ment is sovereign upon those questions which
were granted to its control by the States when they
formed the Union. Wherein the Federal Govern-
ment is sovereign, it is beyond the interference of
States, and equally the States are beyond the con-
trol of the Federal Government on all matters re-
served originally by themselves to their own ex-
clusive jurisdiction.
And now let me ask the gentleman from Iowa,
is his argument to amount to a denial that the
States are sovereign upon the domestic institution
of slavery ? If so, why is there found in the Chi-
cago platform a plank which denies to the Fed-
eral Government the powerto touch this question
in any State ?
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from Indiana
is too good a logician to consider that question as
one of radical importance. He knows very well
ftom the tenor of my argument that my object is
to show that we have the right to take, by amend-
ment of the Constitution, one additional element
of what otherwise would be the domestic power
of the States; because we arc only dealing with
the same kimWbf questions that were dealt with
in the formation of the Constitution which took
from them other of their rights, and I was pro-
ceeding to show that in this proposition we are
running in the legitimate line of a diminution of
State rights, for the better promotion of "the
general welfare." 1 will now read an extract
from a very solemn letter signed by George Wash-
ington, unanimously adopted by the Convention
which framed the Constitution, and addressed to
the Congress of the Confederation then in session,
in order to show in answer to the gentleman from
Indiana, and to a question propounded to me a
while ago by the gentleman fiom Kentucky, the
relative importance of the Union upon the one
hand, and those so-called sovereign rights of the
States upon the other In that letter, dated Sep-
tembei 17, 1787, adopted unanimously by the Con-
vention, as I beg gentlemen to remember, Wash-
ington says:
" it io obviously impiacticnhle in the Federal Govern-
ment ot these Smtes to :«ecurc all lights of independentsov-
eicignty to each, and yet ptovule lor t lie inteiest and safety
of ail. Individuals enteritis: into society miM give up a
shaic ofhheity to preset ve the ie-.t. The ma^uitudcof (he
saci iflci', must <leprurt as ?i l-IIou ^dwition and rh citmstance ns
OH Urn nh/ctt to he ohlaincJ. It is at .ill lime* difficult to
draw wuh pieeiMon the line between tho^e tights which
mu*t bo Mmenden'd and tlm^e whuh may be io--civcd; i
and on the pio-ent ocen^iou t'lK diilieulty w.is- ineica-ed j
bv a diUu'ence among the -evend State* a* to then Mtua- j
lion, extent, hubit-j and particular inteie-ts
'< In all oui dehbe] atioin on tin - subject we kept steadily 1
in our view thai which appeal- to us the mcate-t niteie-r !
of evety ti ue Ameucan—the, consolidation of oui Union—
in which is in vol veil our prosperity, lehcity, safety, pcihaps
our national existence."
Now, let gentlemen upon the other side of the
House consider that George Washington and the
Convention that framed the Constitution declared
"the consolidation of the Union" to be the su-
preme object of every true American, and ask
themselves where they stand if they oppose an
amendment that has for its express and acknowl-
edged object and effect the consolidation of the
Union by t he simpie act of tendering the institu-
tions in one respect in this country accordant, that
respect being the veiyone which has caused this
present war and brought about the very evils that
tho^e framers of the Constitution declared would
exist for want of a proper consolidation of this
Union. *
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman will allow
me one moment. I do not rise for the purpose of
distmbmg the current of his argument, and if it
is at all disagreeable I will not interrupt him.
Inasmuch, however, as this is a grave question,
and one not often discussed on the floor of this
House, I trust he will excuse me. I do not un-
derstand the authority winch the gentleman quotes
to conflict at all with the views which I have al-
ways entertained and have often expressed. 1
believe that the Constitution was made for tiie
pu rpose of forming a union of the States. Whether
! the term " consolidation" is happy or not, or
| faiily expresses the proper idea, I shall not stop
i now to consider. Out 1 hold that the Constitution
i foimtd a union not to be bioken at the will of any
I one State, if any one has ever supposed that I
[ upheld the right of a State to secede from the
Union, he has done me great injustice.^ I have
often expressed my views on this question here
and elsewhere.
But what I wish to call the attention-of the
gentleman from Io*.*a to now is this, does he hold
that the Constitution consolidated a Union whose
Federal power embraced the right to do as they
pleased with all the reserved rights of the States?
If that is his view now, how does he reconcile
that view with the doctrine laid down but a few
short years ago by the party to which he be-
longs? What new powers has the Federal Gov-
ernment obtained over the States within the last
three or four years? If new powers have accrued,
whence have they been obtained,and outof what
causes have they arisen ?
In 1856 and in 1860 the party to which the
gentleman belongs laid down this doctrine:
" Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of each Stato to
order and control its own domestic institutions according
to its own judgment exclusively, is essenUal to that balance
ot" power on which the perfection and endurance of our
political fabricdepend."
If the gentleman can square his present views
with that.assertion of principle, I will be happy
to hear him do so; and furthermore, while he is
upon that point, Ipt me call his attention to a res-
olution that passed this House by the votes of his
political friends within thelast three years. I do
not know whether the honorable gentleman was
a member of the House at the time, but I take it
for granted that if he had been he would have
supported the resolution as did his friends. The
resolution was offered by the distinguished-gen-
tleman who is now a Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
Mr. ICASSON". I will say to the gentleman
that I remember that resolution well.
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me read it.
Mr.'KASSON. It was cited yesterday,and I
propose to answer that point.
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me read it for my own
purpose and then { will not detain the gentleman
longer:
"Resolved, Th.it neither the Federal Government nor ths
people or governments of the non-s.|,iveliolding States have
the purpose ot the constitutional right to legislate upon or
interfere with slavery in any State of tins Union."
That resolution embraces a denial of three
sources of power: it denies that the Federal Gov-
ernment has any such power; it denies that the
people of the non-siaveholding States have any
such power; it denies that the governments of
the non-slaveholding States have any such power
—altogether constituting the broadest denial upon
this question that could possibly be put in the
English language.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from Indiana
[Air. Vooriieer] again fails to do justice to his
logical powers. When we declared m that resolu-
tion that we had not that right w'c laid the very
foundation which justifies this action to get the
right, to wit, by an amendment of that Constitu-
tion which then denied it. We propose this
amendment to the Constitution now in the light
thrown over the country by the horrors of this
war. We pi opose to amend it in order to get the
right, and to furnish the opportunity to avoid the
occasion of a future war, and to restore a per-
manent peace to this distracted country. We
passed a resolution in that spirit then, when
gentlemen were crying out for oiive-branches in-
stead of cannon-balls, and everybody was will-
ing to tender the olive-branch in advance of and
to avoid the shedding of blood.
But when war has come, notwithstanding that
when the olive-branch has been rejected, when
we have been met on the side of the enemy with
bayonets instead ofreciprocal olive-branches, this
country haslearncdanewlesson. Wehavelearned
that that class of men in the South must be treated
as well with iron as with what the gentleman's
friends have been pleased to style mere paper
fulminations.
So it was with the action of the convention at
Chicago to which the gentleman refers. It was
declared that the balance of power would be pre-
set ved by mutual non-interference. It was not
accepted by the South; the balance of power was
not preserved by non-action upon this subject,
but was overthrown m the face of it, thus show-
ing the necessity of some further actioh on the
subject in order that the balance of power may be
