958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
these Indians by virtue of this stipulation, that
they are not entitled to anything. We have f)aid
thorn all the while their share of two annuities,
of the annuity under the treaty of 1829 and of the
annuity under the supplementary article of the
treaty of 1833. By the treaty of 1829 we were
to pay to this tribe §16,000 annually forever, and
by the supplementary article of the treaty of 1833
we were to pay them their proportion of ali an-
nuities.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inform the Senator of
the distinction. Theannuity due under the treaty
of 1829 was payable to these Indians whether they
removed from Michigan or not. It was no part of
the treaty of 1829 that they should remove either
to I'Aibre Croehe or west uf the Mississippi
rivci, and hence Commissioner Grcenwqg^l, in
adjudicating the case, decided that they were en-
titled to the annuities that were previously due un-
der treaties the provisions of which did not re-
quire them to remove, but it was the supplement
to the treaty of 1833 which required .them to go to
the one place or the other.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. But why was not that in-
cluded in the payment? So there was a treaty of
1809 fot the payment of $5,000 annually. There
was '\o provision about lemoval in that; that was
not included. So there was a treaty of 1818, by
which we agreed to pay annually forever
lo tints tribe uf indians. That was not included.
So also there was the treaty of 1823, by which we
agiced to pay thorn $2,000 annually, and that was
not included, [he Uuth is that Commissioner
Crawford, when he admitted the right of these
Indians to their share ot the annuities, by mistake
did not look into the treaties to see how many
treaties theic were under which they had a ri^ht
to teceive annuities; lie just took one and omit-
ted nil the lest. That has caused the whole dif-
ficulty.
Mr. HARLAN. Thatisan assumption against
the Government that is not justifiable. The In-
dian department now withholds moneys from
Indians tor any misdeeds on their part, for any
vmluuotjs of the peace of the neighborhood in
which they live, for any lobberies that they com-
mit, and how now can a Senator stand up here,
altera lapse of more than fifty yeais, and say
that (hose annuities were not withheld on that ac-
count? It is a presumption against the fairness
ot the Government that is not justifiable on the
pat t of any .Senator here. The presumption is that
the Government did deal wnh them fairly and
m accordance with the treaties and the usages of
he GovernmenUs established in their intercourse
with these* Indians. Why, sir, to maintain that
the Government has not the right to withf^ld the
payment of annuities to an Indian tribe when thev
are at war, or when they ure engaged in robberies
ami tliellN, in, to unsettle the relations of tlieGov-
mimi'iilwith tin. Indians and render it impossible
lor tin; Government to maintain the pence of the
borders. suppose there is no man now living
W <> tail tcl why these minuities may have been
Withheld ,n, ,-NH it may be General Cass, who was
umiliar wuhtlie relations ol'theGovemment with
th<.se tubes I or halt a century past; but for an in-
dividual whose connection with the Government
does not reach back to exceed from four to ten
years to assume here that the Government has
o dealt fairly with those Indians, because he is
Iiotaide to kiiow the reason tli.it controlled the
1,'r? G0Verament'  • M U f me,
1 have but one other word to suggest in rela-
tion tu this matter. When our political friends
r r?5""'1'' ®iainis such as these> 'hey
ap .ta.-e.l to me, unjust and dirty claims, were
r imXr ','i P ' WC i"'0"'"-"' <he Admtnis-
I' 101 u sanction of any of them. 1 cannot
do now when my own political friends are n
power hat Which 1 should denounce if done by
bee,!', i m n°!,p0nemS" Thcse c,aims ««
-UII | .Ued by ourpohtieal opponents when thev
Z'u:^Tz^justfAbkandet the '«*£•
was too rotten
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to recommit
this joint resolution to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and on that motion I ask foi the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire to say that
I make this motion for the purpose of giving t he
Kansas Indians an opportunity to be heaid be-
fore the committee.
The yeas and naysbeing taken, resulted—yeas
19, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Brown, Foot, Foster, Grime,
Harlan, Hendricks, Lane of imiian.i, Ijaiieot Kau&as-, Moi-
tjan, Powell, Il«un«lv, Riddle, styiaauc, Sumner, Ten Es ek,
Ti tiiubull, Willey, ;uid Wihon—19.
NAYS—Messrs.J)uek.'i!<'W, Chandler, Conner, Doolit-
tle, Fartvell, Howard, Morrill," Nye, Ptniieruy, Stewait,and
Wade—11.
AliSFNT—Messis. Garble, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Hale. IJardjng. liarus, Hende^on, Howe,
Johns-oil, MeDougall, Nosfinili, Uiciiurdc<>n. Salisbury,
Sherman, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and VVnght—-20.
So the motion to recommit was agreed to. s^-r
rilEEDSIl]^^ BUIIEAU.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the report of the
conference committee on the disagreeing votes of j
the two Houses on the|bill (H. R. INo. 51) to J
establish a Bureau of Fi^pdmeu'a Affairs.
The motion was agreeikto. f j
Mr. SUMNER. The question is pimply on ;
concurrence wuh tlie committee. 1 hafre nothing J
to say. I believe every {Senator has made up las ;
mind. All I ask is for a vote. - j
Mr. HENDRICKS. Miv-:President,Idid not
intend to discuss tor a momerat the merits or tie- |
merits of this bill—I think thte,y ate quite well j
understood by the Senate—excepl'to call atten- |
lion lo the iact, first, that one of\$e sections of '
this bill proposes to do wiiat the President of the !
United States in a very Gcuefully prepaied docu- I
ment iwo or three years ago declared to be un- :
constitutional, and to be so cieaily so as that lie !
could not approve a bill containing the proposi- !
tion. 1 do not suppose, inasmuch as the Con- '
sutution lias not yet been changed m that respect, I
that the President can approve a bill which he !
has said is unconstitutional. |
But, sir, I wish to call attention to the mode of I
legislation that is now proposed. As 1 understand ,'
the lucts to be,ut the last {session the House passed >
a bill to establish a Bureau of Fieedmen's Affairs, i
it came to tins body. The chairman of the com- >i
nnttee of this body having it in charge reported '!
a substitute. That substitute was adopted, it '!
went to tiie House. The House did not agree to
the substitute. Then the whole matter was re-
ferred to a committee of conference; and that com-
mittee bring in neither bill, but, as 1 understand,*
a new bill I he committee of conference bnn 
a new bill before this body, which cannot be
amended, which must be adopted or rejected in
whole, and ask a vote upon a. Sir, I think that
is a mode ot legislation that this body ouWu not
r™to 1"<ior*e. It may suit the pleasure of some
1? to adopt it in this instance.
th™> S™NER. May I interrupt the Senator
' 1 k,|ow ll|e Senator s desire, of course
is to state the case precisely as it is. I ,l0 no;
know that wlmt i am aboutto state, with his per-
mission, would alter the case in his opinion; but
£> ti 11, in my own opinion, the Senator has not stated i
e case piecely. Thesubstitute brought"n by !
roted, will. une exception: Hinti„e,e0dof iilnTu,^
the bureau in the Treasury * l b ;
Senate did in their original
Department, as the House did in their original
andihe bill now reported by the conference com-
Of the facts to be incorrect 6
M," « .0  p Ml
t-sras t
of either House. It isihe bill of thp ^e.
of conference And now the Senator ,
tion to a very material point in winch the com 
rnittee of conference has not K pr« «entt*d either
the House or the Senate. The bill as it came
from tin* House placed this proposed bureau under
the charge of one Department of the Govern,
ment. The bill as adopted by the Senate placed
it under the charge of another Deptu (merit. The
committee makes it a bureau of no Department
but a Department of itself. '
Now,i ask the Senate it it id to be allowed that
a committee of conference can assume to make a
new bill, not representing either body, nota com-
i promise between the bodies, and fwiee us to a vote
| for or against that amendment. I should desire
| to propose as an amendment that this bureau, if
it must be created, shall !m placed under the
j charge of the Interior Depart ment, a Department
1 to which it seems to me to properly belon ,hav-
! ing reference to lands and to peisons. If u°e take
i charge of the colored people who become free
! during the prosecution of the war, then it shouid
i be placed under the charge (if the Interior Depatt-
| ment, as the Indians are under the charge of that
j Department, If we take charge of the hinds that
| become the property of the United Stales during
! the prosecution of the war, I hen the land^ ou^ht
j to be under the charge of the Interior Depurt-
j ment, the domestic Department of the Govein-
j ment, as the public lamiy me under the eimrgeof
| that Department. I should like to propose an
j amendmentof thotsort; but under this system of
| legislation, that I tiimk for the fnst time is nov
; to be adopted, I am dented and every Senator is
j denied the possibility of proposing an amend-
| ment. My purpose was (ft call the attention of
| Senators to tins important featuie of this proceed-
ing", and that it should not become a precedent
without a protest.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, as I shall feel
constrained to vote against a concurrence in the
repoi t of the committee of conference, I desire to
state why I shall sever from many friends with
whom [ usually act on this occu^on. Let me say
m the outset that I do riot think any person here
entertains any more sympathy with the colored
refugees or with tj^ white refogve-s than I do, and
I think no one is more anxions than lam to make
all adequate provision for their protection and
support; but I confess that I am afraid of this bill
should it be enacted into a law.
I he first objection that 1 have to it is that it cre-
ates an independent Department, which was not
contemplated by either branch of Congress tlmt
passed the original bills that were sent to the com-
mittee ofconferenee from whom this report comes.
My conviction is that it is necessary, in order that
these people should be properly protected and
cared for, that they should have military protec-
tion. 1 entertain to day the same opinion that I
entertained last year when this subject was under
consideration, that these persons should be, tem-
porarily, under the charge of military officers;
and itseemsto me that the committee of conference *
entertained that opinion in a measure, for they
have provided in the tenth section of the bill that
they have reported:
Tiiat t!ie Freedom of the United State-* is charged with
iurrnvini,<x the nnlnfuv and other Minport noediui u> c.irry
triisaet into effect, and .my military otiicer maj be appointed
under this act without increase <n salary.
■^ow^why not put it at once under the Secretary
u ' ^ We nrc have this bureau, why riot
allow it to be connected wuh the War Department
and make the officers immediately responsible to
the military auihoriries? in what an anomalous
position will these officers be whom it is author-
ized to select from the Army who are to be com-
missioners and supervising agents under this bill.
Are they to be civil officers troin the time they are
thus appointed, or are they to be military? |9
there any greater degree of responsibility that is
to attach to them than would attach if they were
selected from civil life ?
Another objection that I have to this bill is that
it only applies to the rebel States. Is it not known
tha.t there are at least twelve thousand colored
retugees m this city at this moment who are in
ic utmost distress? Is it not just as desirable that
this Government &h«uld take care of and protect
tnosc refugees as it is of those that are within the
e< "ne > or in the States in hostility to us? I
want the Secretary of War authorized to do by
some act what I know he is doing; at this moment*
iurmsshmg the proper provisions and clothing a"®
