194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
that the people can alter their fundamental, or-
ganic form of government, and so can the people
change entirely their Government. That is the
doctrine which the southern people assert. But,
sir, that is not this proposition. This is a propo-
sition to change the form of government, a form
adopted with certain theories, with certain prin-
ciples, for certain objects; and I contend that
while we may amend the Constitution in the
mode provided by that instrument, we can amend
it only to reach and cover those subjects or pow-
ers which were delegated originally to the Gen-
eral Government. The Federal Government was
* made by the States; the people collectively were
never called to act upon it; and while the Consti-
tution provides for its own amendment, ^o as to
enable the General Government to carry out the
objects originally delegated to it, still ail the re-
served rights are reserved to the States. If we
can amend the Constitution in this respect, we can
amend it so as tojfeach to the marital relations and
all other matters of a domestic character.
Mr. Speaker, i d*o not propo&e to repeat what
I said at the last session upon this question. I
should be glad to know that I was wiong; but
having: formed those opinions after careful study,
having deliberately and carefully and, as I think,
without partisan bias, reached that conclusion,
with all due deference to the President of the Uni-
ted States I am of the same opinion now.
But, sir, we are nearly a year later in the un-
fortunate and calamitous present history of this
country than we were at the time this question
was discussed at the last session. Events of mo-
ment have tianspiied since then, and therefore I
have taken the floor for the purpose of offering
for the consideration of this House a few practi-
cal remarks as to the policy of passing this reso-
lution; as to the effect if finally adopted by the
nccessary number of States; and whether, even if
the effect shall be to free the slaves, we shall have
given to that unfortunate race any amelioration of
their condition, any social or political elevation
of their status, or have advantaged them in any
regard whatever.
Sir, the President tells us in his annual messy go
atthe commencement of this session that lie hopes
we wiil now pass this resolution. lie refers to
the action of ihe people at the late election, and
tells us that if we fail to pass it the next Congress
will, and that as the next Congress will, why,
forsooth, we ought to pass it.
Weil, sir, that is very strange reasoning for
that functionary. We all know that death is cer-
tain, and yet should we anticipate it? Because
any evil that is hanging over the country orover
us as individuals is inevitable, shall we forsooth
meet it hurriedly and in advance? Sir, I cannot
agree to the Piesident's reasoning, that because
this is inevitable we should stultify ourselves, and
go counter to our principles and our honest con-
victions in voting for a proposition which we ut-
terly deplore and condemn. I am not sure that
the President's premises are correct. The next
Congress may hold a different opinion upon this
question. Slavery, as it now exists, may cease
altogether befoie the next Congress of the United
States assembles. The whole condition of our
country may be altered, North and South, before
the assembling of the next Congress. But as-
sume this should not be, and the next Congress
does recommend this alteration of the Constitu-
tion, do we not have Legislatures elected between
now and that time? Will not the people be called
upon then to act for the first time on this ques-
tion? Will not Legislatures be voted for and
elected on this question ? Because, sir, although,
as stated by the gentleman from Iowa, this was
an issue of the presidential election, according to
the Baltimore platform, it was no issue in the elec-
tions for members of the Legislatures; anri before
the Legislatures can be called upon to act new
questions may intervene for their consideration
and new reasons why they should not accede may
prevent their doing so.
But, sir, we will assume that Congress passes
this resolution; we will assume that the Legisla-
tures of the States carryoul the recommendation
of Con^ivs^ eiijtl agree to this amendment; what
then? Will any man contend that it will free
one slave? Did the President's emancipation
proclamation free one siuye? Was it not, in his
own expressive language, u like the Pope's bull
against the comet?" This alsy wouid be a mere
brulum f tilmen so far as the States in rebellion are
concerned. If they continue in rebellion as they
are now no action of this Congress can affect the
status of slavery within these States. They dis-
regard the action of this Congress; they will dis-
regard any action that we may take in an amend-
ment of the Constitution. In those States slavery^
will continue, except in the triumphant path ot
our armies. Therefore the practical effect of this
amendment will really be nothing. Withoutwe
hold their territory by military power it will free
no slaves; where our armies march, where their
tread is felt, there slavery ceases; but it ceases
only so long as our armies occupy slave terri-
tory; and when you withdraw that, slavery will
again exist if the confederate power so wills it.
But I go further, because I desire upon this oc-
casion to discuss this question freely and frankly.
And what I say 1 say for myself, individually. I
know the popular error is that it is politic for men
to go for the abolition of slavery. I know the
politicians of the North, looking for political pre-
ferment and the success of paitisan power, run
with this popular cuirentof the day. And the
man is looked upon as a fool who is honest and
frankly and boldly expresses his convictions to
the contrary. But whether it be right or wrong,
politic or impolitic, so far as I am concerned, I
will, as I have always done m this House, and
since the commencement of my public life, frankly
and freely express my honest sentiments.
Now, sir, we will assume that by an amend-
ment to the Constitution you abolish slavery:
what then? Why have you abolished it? The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] has to-day
attempted to tell you of some of the evils which
surround this institution. He calls it a social
evil; others call it a political evil. All the evil
acts bf the rebels are attributed to the fact that
slavery exists there. And it is assumed that this
rebellion never would have existed, that it could
not have been begun, that it could not be pros-
ecuted or sustained, except that slavery existed
Within those States.
1 will not stop to answer these fallacies. Our
revolutionaiy fathers went into a* rebellion and
were successful. The institution of slaveiy was
not any hinderance to their success. When they
threw down tlx* gauntlet to their masteis upon the
other side of the Atlantic the colonies all held
slaves, and yet they prosecuted a seven yeais'
war successfully, duiing which we lost all our
large ciiies. They all held slaves, yet no one
among our enemies in England declaied slavery
as among the evils of our rebellion, or that in
consequence of itsexistence we were prosecuting
a bad cause for a wicked and bad purpose.
Well, h-ir, we will assume that we have abol-
ished slavery. What then? Thegentleman fiom
Kentucky [Mr. Mali.ory] asked you yesterday
what do you propose to do with these people
when you have freed them ? Depoitthem? As the
gentleman told you, it would add $4,000,000,000
to your debt, but that, in his own expiessive lan-
guage, would not deter gentlemen upon the other
side of the House. The scheme of colonization
has been abandoned ; that scheme had for its sup-
porters such men as Henry Clay and Daniel Web-
ster. Our new lights have gone against that.
They desire to keep these negroes here for home
consumption. First, to use them as instruments
by which to obtain political power. Secondly, to
retain the power thus obtained. Thirdly, to grat-
ify vengeance against the slaveholder. Fourthly,
as an excuse for continuing the war, and thus to
continue the army of Government officials, and
finally, if possible, to elevate the negro to the con-
dition of the white man and give him suffrage,
and by that means to create a power which will
forever rule and control this country.
Sir, thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] thus presented a question which must be
considered and decided. Wendell Phillips, in
New Yoik recently, more fully developed the de-
sign. He boldly announces the doctrine. He
sustained it, assei ting that a crossing of the white
and black races would create the most superior
lace that has yet existed. And in reply to an
inquiry, the distinguished gentleman to whom I
refer boldly admitted that the object was to make
the highest and most glorious specimen of human
naturethatthe world has overseen. Mr. Speaker,
we may amend the Constitution; we may by
superior military force overrun and conquer the
South; we may lay waste their lands and destroy
their property; we may free their slaves. But
there is one thing we cannot do: we cannot vio-
late with impunity or alter the laws of God.
The Almighty lias fixed the distinction of the
races; the Almighty has made the black man in-
ferior, and, sir, by no legislation, by no partisan
success, by no revolution, by no military power,
can you wipe outthisdistinction. You may make
the black man free, but when you have done that
what have you done ? Have you elevated his con-
dition? Have you advantaged him physically,
socially, morally, or intellectually? I asserted
here at the last session, 1 now repeat the asser-
tion, that the condition of domestic servitude as
existing in the southern States is the highest con-
dition of which the African race is capable, and
when compared with their original condition on
the continent from which they came is superior in
all the elements of civilization, philamlnopy, and
humanity. Sir, look at the Afucan in his native
condition, where he is supposed to be not only
free, but "monarch of all he surveys." I will
ask the Clerk to read an extract from the volume
of Captain Carnot, published by the Appletons, in
1854, describing what he saw in Africa, and the
condition of the negro in his native wilds.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" In my wandciitigs m African forests, I have often seen
the tiger pounce upon its prey, and with instinctive thirst
satiate its appetite tor blood, and abandon the diained
corpse; but these Afucau nesresses were neither as decent
noras meieifulasthe beast of the wilderness. Theirmahg-
naut pleasure seemed to consist in ihe invention of tortmes
that would agonize, but not slay. There was, a devilish
spell in the tragic scene that fascinated my eyei to the spot.
A slow, lingeung, toimenting mutilation was piactieed on
the living as well as on the dead; and, in every instance,
the brutality of the women exceeded that of the men. 1
cannot picture the hellish joy with winch they passed from
body to body, digging out eyes, wrenching off lips, tearing
the ear*, and slicing the flesh from the qiuveung bones;
while the queen of the haipies crept aimd the butcheiy,
gathering the brains from cach several skull as a bonne louche
lor the approaching feast!
" Aftei the last victim yielded his life, it dul not requite
long to kindle a fire,produce the requisite utensils, and till
ihe air with the odor ot hwnonjUsh. Yet, beiore the va-
rious masses wcie half broiled, every mouth was teaung
the daintv morsels with shouts of joy, denoting the com-
bined satisfaction of levenge and appetite! In the. midst
of this appalling scene I heard a ft es.h cry of exultation, as
a pole was, borne into the apartment, on which was impaled
the living body of the conquered chieftain's wife. A hole
was quickly dug, the stave planted, and faggots supplied ;
but before a fne could he kindled the wietched woman was
dead, so that the hatbanans weie defeated m then licll.^h
scheme of burning her akve.
" I do not know how long these bintahties lasted, for I
remember very little after this lastaticmpt, except that the
bushmen packed in plantain leaves whatever flesh waa
loft from the orgie, to be conveyed to their friends in the
forest. This was the first time it had been my lot to be-
hold the most savage development of Afucan nature under
the stimulus of war. The butchery made me sick, dizzy,
paralyzed. I sank on the caith benumbed with stupor;
nor was J aroused till nightfall, whenniv Kioomen boieme
to the conqueior's town and negotiated ouneilemptiou for
the value ot twenty slaves."
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, 1
presume it will not be contended that the condition
of the native African is, in any teganl, equal to
that of the American slave. Sir, the Afi icans live
in their native wilds as slaves. The Africans are
sold into slavery by themselves. I contend that
their condition m this country is in every regard
improved. Prom barbarians they become civil-
ized Christians; fiom slaves they become free*-
men. Admitting all the sins with which slavery
is charged, it cannot be denied that it has been an
instrument in the hands of God by which to con-
fer a benefit upon that unfortunate race.
Now, sir, I contend that, if we desire to be
philanthropic—if we desire to confer a benefit upon
that people—let us afford every amciioiauon of
their condition that we can under the law; but,
sir, let us not forget that, evil though slavery be,
there is yet a greater evil for this unfortunate coun-
try, and that is its destruction, the disunion, the
consummation of the rum now before us.
The gentleman from Indiana [.Mr. Vooriiees]
said yesterday we may be anticipated in our
beneficent desires—that, in his opinion, the con-
federates themselves are preparing t'o abolish sla-
very. I know that it has recently been stated in
the South that, rather than yield to the North,
they would make terms with England and Fiance,
on the condition of the recognition of their inde-
pendence, with the abolition of slavery to follow
as a consequence. Sir, that may be; hut in my
judgment, it will not be. Neither England nor
France will interfere in this question upon con-
