THE
SIONAL GLOBE.
f'fj
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY P. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1865.
New Series.....No. 61*
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was mistaken in considering the motion of the
Senator from Illinois. The' motion of the Sena-
tor from Iowa was first made.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject un-
til to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. At what time ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care what time so that
there shall be a full Senate, and that we under-
stand what we are about. My purpose is to get
a Freedmen's Bureau bill that I can vote for. I
think we can accomplish it to-morrow. I there-
fore move to postpone the further consideration
of this report until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no post-
ponement. A motion to postpone at the present
time is a motion to kill, and such is the unques-
tionable object of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes]. He is against this bill now just as he
was at the beginning, and is acting according to
his sense of duty when he tries in every way to
defeat it. But are Senators who have thus far
by their votes shown a determination to do
something for the freedmen ready to follow his
example? *
The Senator says he wishes time. Perhaps.
But he wishes something more. He wishes to
arrest this legislation now at its latest stage. He
says that he wishes an opportunity for debate.
But, sir, has he not had this opportunity to ex-
cess and in largest measure? The Senate can-
not forget how carefully and conscientiously this
question has been considered—first, in a commit-
tee of this body, who gave their best attention to
it for weeks during the last session of Congress;
then for seven days in the Senate, during which
the Senator signalized his opposition to the bill;
-and then again in a conference committee during
the present session, where the whole subject was
most thoroughly studied in every possible light;
and then a^ain in the debate, running over several
days, which 1ms already occupied the Senate since
the report of that committee. Surely, if the
Senator is not satisfied with the labors of. the
committees of this body, he cannot complain that
opportunity of debate has been wanting. Sir, he
has had the opportunity, and has exercised it.
I am pained by this opposition. It is out of
season. I am pained by it especially from the
Senator from Iowa. I do not judge him. But he
will pardon me if I say that from the beginning
he has shown a strange insensibility to this cause.
He is for liberty, but he will not help us assure
it to those who have for generations been de-
spoiled of it. Sir, I am in earnest. Seriously,
religiously, I accept emancipation as proclaimed
by the President, and now, by the votes of both
Houses of Congress, placed under the sanctions
of constitutional law. But even emancipation is
not enough. • You must see to it that it is not
evaded or nullified, and you must see to it espe-
cially that the new-made freedmen are protected
in those rights which are now assured to them,
and that they are saved from the prevailing caste,
which menaces slavery undeir some new alias/ and
this is the object of the present measure.
^ Would you know the perils of freedmen ever
since emancipation? Listen, then, to the wordsof
that true patriot, General Wadsworth, who,after
his visit to the valley of the Mississippi, and per-
sonal observation of the freedmen there, wrote
thus:
" There is one thing that must be taken into account,
and tllat is, that there will exist a very strong disposition
among the masters to control these people and keep them
a subordinate and subjected class. Undoubtedly they
intend to do that. I think the tendency to establish a sys-
tem of serfdom is the gieat danger to be guarded against.
I talked with a planter in the La Fourehe district, near
Tib.idouville; he baid he was not in favor of secession ; he
avowed his hope and expectation that slavery would he
r^tored there in some lorm. I said,{If we went away
and left these people now do you suppose you could reduce
them again to slavery?' He laughed to .scorn the idea that
they could not. ' What' s-aid I,' these men who have had
arms in ilieir hands?' 1 Yes,' he said;' we should take the
arms away fioni them, course.'
But this.emphatic testimony is simply in har-
61
mony with accumulated testimony from' other
quarters. The free'dmen, now rejoicing in re-
covered rights, must for awhile be saved from the
traditional harshness-and cruelty to which, for
generations, they have been exposed. Call it pro-
tection ; call it what you 'will. The power of the
Government must be to them a shield. And yet
you hesital#.
The Senator from Iowa renews now the objec-
tions which he made at an earlier stage of this
legislation. It will not be forgotten that he most
earnestly protested against the bill as giving to
persons a control of the freed man. It was then
shown, I think, to demonstration, that he was
mistaken. But out of deference to his sensibili-
ties, and that nothing might seem to be wanting
to the protection of the freedman, other safeguards
were introduced, as amendments on his motion,
or in pursuance of his suggestions. But all this
is not enough to secure his favor. He objects
again.
Very well. So far as I understand his objection
then and now, it is twofold: first, that the freed-
man is placed under constraint, and that he is not
a freeman; and, secondly, that he is treated too
much as an infant or a pupil. Now, I undertake
to say that the objection in both these forms is
absolutely inapplicable.
The freedman is treated in every respect as a
freeman. Again and again in the bill his rights
are secured to him. Thus, for instance, in the
fourth section it is expressly provided that
" every such freedman shall be treated in all re-
spects as a freeman, with all proper remedies in
courts of justice, and no power or control shall
be exercised with regard to him oxcept in con-
formity with law." Language cannot go further.
•In face of these positive words so completely in
harmony with the whole bill, it is vain to say that
the freedman is not a freeman. Sir, he is a,free-
man just as much as the Senator himself, with a
title derived from the Almighty which no person
can assail. When the Senator finds danger to
the freedmen in this measure, he consults his
imagination, inflamed by these hostile sentiments
which he has allowed himself to nurse.
But the Senator complains that the freedman is
treated too much a§ an infant or a pupil. How?
Where? Let him point out the objectionable
words. Analyze the bill. The freedmen, it is ad-
mitted, are under the general superintendence of
the Commissioner. But are we not all under th&
general superintendence of the police, to which
we may appeal for protection in case of need?
And justsuch protection the freedmen may expect
from the Commissioner, according to his power.
The Senator himself is under the superintendence
of the Presiding Officer of the Senate, whose duty
it is to see that he is protected in his rights on this
floor. But the Presiding Officer can do nothing
except according to law, and the Commissioner
is bound by the same inevitable limitations.
But there are regulations applicable to the con-
tracts of the freedman. Very well. Why not?
To protect him from the imposition and tyranny
of the dominant race it is provided that " no freed-
man shall be employed on any estate above men-
tioned otherwise than according to voluntary con-
tract, reduced to writing and certified by the as-
sistant commissioner or local superintendent."
Mark the language," voluntary contract." What
more can be desired ? But this is to be reduced
to writing. Certainly, as a safeguard to the freed-
man and for his benefit. Then, again, the com-
missioners are to act as "advising guardians,"
in which capacity they are to "aid the freedmen
in the*adjustment of their wages." But do not
forget that the freedman is a freeman, and if he
does not need such aid or advice he may reject
it—just as much as the Senator himself. Look
at other clauses, and they will all be found equally
innocent.
But there is the section originally introduced on
the motion ofthe Senatorfrom West Virginia,[Mr
Willey,] providing that" whenever the Commis-
sioner can not other wise employ any freedmen who
may come under his care he shall, so far as prac-
ticable, make provision for them with humane apd
suitable persons at a just compensation for. tlieir
service." Here again is tyranny and outrage car-
ried to the highest point. But how? TheCpm- .
missioner is to act as an intelligence office.' That
is all; and everything that he does is to be "in
■conformity with law." This clause, even if it
were in any respect ambiguous, must be ruled
by those earlier words which declare tliit" every
such freedman shall be treated in 'all respects as
a freeman." What more can be desired r With
this rule as a touchstone 110 freedman can suffer
in his rights.
But the strange complaint is made that this meas-
ure is too favorable to the freedmen,and, indeed we
have been told that something is needed for the
whites. Very well; letitbedone. I trust thatanen-
lightened Government will notfail to recognize its
duties to all alike. Meanwhile, it js proposed that
abandoned lands shall be leased to freedmen, and
if they are not able and disposed to take the lands
for a twelvemonth, then they are to be leased to
other persons. A,ndwhynot? Tha freedmen for
weary generations have fertilized these lands with .
their sweat. The time has come when they should
enjoy the results of their labor at least for a few
months. This war has grown out of injustice to
them. Plainly to them we owe the first fruits of
justice. Besides, this provision is essential as a
safeguard against white speculators from a dis-
tance, who will seek to monopolize these lands, <
with little or no regard to the freedmen. Ay,
sir, it is too evident that it is essential as a safe-
guard against grasping neighbors who still pant
and throb with all the bad passions of slavery*
Mr. President, the objections to the measure
are vain. It is npt hurtful to the freedman. It
is not hostile to liberty. Its declared object is the
good of the freedman. Its inspiration is liberty.
Look at it as a whole, or in detail, and you will
find the same object and the same inspiration. It
only remains that the Senate should adopt it,and
give a new assurance of justice to an oppressed
race. In the name of justice I ask your votes.
Mr. GRIMES. It was hardly necessary, I ap-
prehend, for the Senator from Massachusetts,-in
order to round out his polished periods, to be in-
accurate in his statements. He was hardly cor-
rect in saying that for seven days this bill received
my opposition. If the Senator had refreshed his
memory he would have discovered that I voted
for the bill that was sent to the committee of con-
ference, and supported it during the last days that
it was under consideration in the Senate.
The Senator says, also, that this bill has,sub-
stantially passed this botiy. I think the Senator
is greatly mistaken. Did this Senate ever agree
to create an independent Department of this Gov-
ernment to take charge of freedmen? Is not that
a substantial change? Is this the same bill that
was sent to that committee? Did not the bill pro-
vide in the ninth section, when it went to that
committee, that these commissioners should pro-
vide, not for letting out these men, not for hiring
them out for a compensation to be fixed by the
commissioners, but should provide homes for
them? And the amendment, when it was under
consideration in the Senate, and when it was first
adopted in the Senate, provided that they should
open a correspondence with the Governors and
municipal authorities of the northern States in
order to find places and homes for them; but the '
Senator has changed that ninth section 
Mr. SUMNER, fto, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Sir, I have refreshed my mem-
ory on that subject. I have referred to the Con-
gressional Globe. I have discovered that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from West
Virginia [Mr. Willey] declared that these com-
missioners might provide homes for the freed-
men, and then there was an addition to it which
directed that they might open correspondence with
the Governors of States.. That last part of it, in
another stage in the Senate, was stricken off; but
the bill as it went from the Senate directed that
these freedmen should be provided with homes.
Mr. SUMNER. " Homes and employment;""
