196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
been prepared, to make any and every sacrifice,
personal to myself, which shall accomplish ob-
jects so great and desirable. I do so the more
readily because 1 recognize in the manner of pre-
senting these amendments one of the modes point-
ed out by the Constitution for submitting to the
States, or rather the people of the States, propo-
sitions for its amendment.
lam not unmindful, Mr. Speaker, that for many
years there have been those in the land who were
dissatisfied with the Union because its Constitu-
tion contained the provisions and compromises by
which slavery and its safety were secured from
violent or political assault. 1 have never other-
wise^han thought that this class of persons con-
tributed in no small degree to the breeding of those
successive and increasing irritations upon the
slavery question, which were finally seized upon
by the southern rebel leaders as sufficient pretext
for civil war, and which they have so powerfully
used as the incitement for consolidating and wield-
ing the southern mind in four years of gigantic
"war against the Government of their fathers.
But, Mr. Speaker, I, the Representative of a
slaveholding constituency, aver now, as I have
averred, when a prisoner in the rebel guard-house,
and as I have, amid all the scenes of woe and deso-
lation, that rebellious war has wrought in my dis-
trict and in my State, that the evils and dangers
which wero complained of were not so grievous
or threatening, nor could they be, as to justify a
resort to armed rebellion. 1 had ever been of the
firm conviction that, prior to this internecine war,
there was no effective power which could have
successfully arrayed itself against the constitu-
tional rights of each and every part of our com-
mon country. And in reference to the disturbing
causes which brought on the war, and superin-
duced the necessity for these amendments, )f the
South had planted herself upon her constitutional
rights, and stood shoulder to shoulder with the
men of the North disposed to regard them, then
there could have been no cause for the one nor
necessity for th^ other.
But, Mr. Speaker, in reviewing the history of
the last thirty years it is impossible not to per-
ceive that while there has been a party who have
•v furnished irritating pretexts, irritating to the pride
and nature of men, there has also been a party
who have as eagerly seized upon those subterfuges
for the sole purpose of inflaming and controlling
the southern mmd. They have used this power,
not more with the view of defending slavery than
for the purpose of carrying out a long-determined,
deliberate, and wicked aim of setting up an inde-
pendent power upon this continent for selfish and
mgloiious ends; and if in the end those using
slavery for this nefarious purpose shall find that
the people, by the adoption of these amendments,
destroy slavery, then it can but be evident to
them that they have been the architects of their
own fortunes.
Without any arguments, Mr. Speaker, as to
the good or ills of slavery a primary question,
and as it has all along existed under the sanction
of the laws of our ancestors, nevertheless it has
transpired during the course of this war that this
institution was the chief lever by which the rebel
leaders have wielded the southern mind; and for
that leason it has lost nearly all the sympathy and
support it once maintained. And to such extent
has it become a source of irritation that it seems
at length necessary, in order to secure the great
blessings of peace and union once more, that the
great question of its further existence or non-ex-
istence shall be submitted to the people for their
decision.
And here I am reminded by the arguments of
gentlemen upon this floor of our want of consti-
tutional power to pass this amendment. 1 aver
that if I had a doubt as to the right of Congress
upon this subject of proposing and passing this
amendment by two thirds of this House,and the
Senate as at piesent organized, I unquestionably
would vote against this amendment. I believe in
the existence of the power; and while I say that
I indorse the wisdom of that provision of the
Constitution which declares that all power not
delegated to die United States, nor prohibited to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively
or to the people. It has served as a guide and a
landmark heretofore, and I trust it will long re-
main there as a landmark in the future; and it is
Siot at all in conflict with that provision of the
Constitution which authorizes amendments to be
made to this Constitution.
Some gentlemen argue that we have no right to
do it because slavery was one of the reserved rights
of the States. 1 see nothing in the Constitution
which reserves that right to the States, but i see
from the proceedings which took place prior to
the adoption of the Constitution, and especially
in the provisions wh&h are in the Constitution
itself, that theConvention to frame the Constitu-
tion did take cognizance of this question of sla-
very. In the ninth section of the first article—
and that is what is declared as one of the senti-
ments of the great Dred Scott decision—all the
States were allowed, for twenty years after the
adoption of this Constitution, to buy, sell, trade,
and traffic in slaves in any manner they might
please. And they might have done so, so far as
any prohibition in the Constitution is concerned,
up to 1864. But after the lapse of twenty years
power was given to Congress to prohibit it in the
future; and they did so at a subsequent period.
Suppose we had here a proposed amendment to
abrogate that ninth section, giving Congress that
power after the expiration of twenty years, and
to say that Congress should have no such power
in the future, would gentlemen then quote the
very language of the ninth section giving to all
the States the power to trade and traffic m such
propei ty? Gentlemen would not have the power
to do that.
There is another provision which allows Con-
gress to propose amendments to the Constitution.
And the last provision is that Congress shall have
no power to propose amendments by which States
are deprived of their equal right of representation
in the Senate. Now 1 maintain that this House
has no right to propose an amendment to deprive
a State of its equal representation in the Senate,
because all our powers to propose amendments
are derived from the Constitution. That is really
the only existing prohibition that I know of in
the Constitution. Can it be said that, under that
restriction declaring the powers of the General
Government, and the powers reserved to the
States, Congress has no right to propose any
amendment to the Constitution at all? Legiti-
mately and logically, the argument would come
to that. And yet, on a moment's reflection, no
gentleman would take such a position.
Some gentlemen argue that we have no right to
make any amendment, unless it be in reference
to something already in the Constitution. The
answer to that is that the very first session of
Congress after the adoption of the Constitution a
number of amendments were adopted on the sug-
gestion of States to which the Constitution had
been submitted for ratification, some of which had
no soit of icference to anything in the Constitu-
tion as originally drafted. The most important
of these grew out of principles which had cost the
people of England oecans of blood—out of prin-
ciples which were asserted in the Revolution.
Theio cannot be any doubt of this;'but if any
gentleman should still have a doubt on the sub-
ject, let us see how this Constitution was to be
adopted.
In the very last article of the Constitution it is
declared that the ratification by the conventions
of nine States shall be sufficient for the establish-
ment of the Constitution between the States so
ratifying the same. Eleven of the States ratified
the Constitution at once. Nine would have been
enough to create and constitute a Government,
not only de facto hut dejure. The States of North
Carolina and Rhode Island did not agree to it for
several years afterwards; and according to my
view of it they were not parties to the Constitu-
tion. The Convention originated with the dele-
gates fiom Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware,
Virginia, and peihaps some other States, who rec-
ommended that delegates should meet in Phila-
delphia on the second Monday in May, 1787—to
do what? In order to amend and revise the Arti-
cles of Confedeiation. That was all the power
they had. But who will say thatafter these dele-
gates assembled in Convention they had not ple-
nary power? They exercised it, and nobody has
ever objected to it.
But the article of the Constitution which gives
Congress power to propose amendments is that
which declares that Congress, whenever two thirds
of both Houses shall find it necessary, shall pro-
pose amendments to the Constitution, and if
adopted by three fourths of the States they become
apart of the Constitution; or, on the application
of the Legislatures of two thirds of the States, shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, and
that these amendments, when adopted by three
fourths of the States, shall be valid to all intents
and purposes as part of the Constitution.
There are thus twomodes provided foramend-
ing the Constitution. If the proposed amend-
ments come from the Legislatures of two thirds of
the States, they are to be referred to a convention.
But if they come from Congress, I ask whether
Congress has not plenary powers to the extent of
the authority given in the Constitution to propose
any amendment it pleases, which is notexpressly
prohibited to it, or reserved to the States in the
Constitution itself. Certainly it has. Bull have
heard the suggestion that it cannot be done be-
cause, saysone gentleman, there are eleven States
that are not represented here. Why are they not
here? Is it our fault that they are not? We can-
not coerce States to send members here. That is
one of the powers of coercion which I deny. It
is a personal privilege guarantied to the States,
and if they fail to avail themselves of it, it is their
own fault.
This I-Iouse and the Senate, as at present or-
ganized, constitute Congress,and we have aright
to propose amendments to the Constitution. I do
not suppose that the framers of the Constitution
ever contemplated that eleven States, orany other
number of States, should, upon any proposition
which did not suit them, absent themselves. But
it is a plain proposition that Congress, whenever
two thuds of both Houses shall deem it neces-
sary, may propose amendments to the Constitu-
tion. If we have not the power to do so because
the Representatives of eleven States are absent,
then all our acts are void. They are not what
they purport to be on their face, acts passed by
the Congress of the United States. That is one
argument. Then, sir, the adoption of the Con-
stitution required the consent of all the States, or,
m other words, the States that did not agree to it
were not to be bound by it, because in ai tide
seven of the Constitution it is expressly declared
that all the States agreeingto it should be bound
by it. But that is not the rule when these amend-
ments are proposed. Three fourths of the Legis-
lating of the States, on the recommendation of
two thirds of Congress, can propose and ratify
amendments. Now, if the constitutional pro-
vision was that an amendmentshould receive the
assent of all the States, just as that was required
in the original adoption of the Constitution, I ad-
mit that the question might be raised whether or
not we could proceed in this matter without the
assent of those States that are now absent; many
gentlemen hero believing them yet in the Union,
although they have thrown themselves outside of
its pale for the time being. But that is not the
constitutional provision.
To my mind this proposition is so plain that I
had never studied much on this subject until I
heard the arguments of gentlemen here, but the
longer and more closely 1 look at it the, more I be-
come satisfied that that clause in the Constitution
amounts to nothing if such objections are to be
raised.
Why, sir, upon this subjest of slavery, I know
that Alexander Hamilton went home to New
York from the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution and told the people there that if they had
not compromised on this subject there could have
been no Union. I know that other men said so.
That goes to satisfy my mind that if the North
had held out there would,perhaps, have been no
Union. On the other hand, if southern men had
not demanded these compromises, m all prob-
ability a different Constitution would have been
presented to the American people.
I now leave the constitutional question. I have
endeavored to satisfy my own mind upon the
subject, for to me it would be a stumbling-block
if my mind was not clear upon it.
And now, Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the indulgence
of the House while 1 recur briefly to some of the
prominent facts connected with the history of
this agitation. Chief among those, to my mind,
appears the long-fixed purpose of the rebel lead-
ers to overthrow the Government without regard
to slavery, and, in fact, regardless of everything
which stood in the way of their own selfish ag-
grandizement.
