962
THE GONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
and the committee of conference having it under
sonsidccation deliberately adopted the phrase
"~mnke provision for" as upon the whole a bet-
ter expression.
Mr. GRIMES. I know the committee of con-
ference deliberately adopted it; but am I to adopt
their suggestion when I am satisfied that it is
wrong, and that the construction that may be
given to itby those who may come after us in the
administration of this Government would enable
them to reenslavo these very freedmen and attach
them as serfs to the soil? , The Senator says that
I have misconstrued the effect of this section. He
says there is another section that ia to be' taken in
' connection with it, and he refers to the fourth
. section, which declares:
And every such freedman shall be treated in all respects
as a free man, with all proper remedies in eourts of justice,
and 110 power or control shall be exorcised with regard to
him except ia conformity with law.
And then he goes on and in the ninth section
makes a law by which the officers created under
this bill may provide for letting him out for such
a period of time as the Commissioner chooses,
to whoever he chooses, wherever he chooses, and
at such compensation as lie chooses. That will
be the construction of the section.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish my friend would allow
me to ask him a question.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I really wish to ask my friend
whether he imagines that there is any rule of law
orof interpretation which would authorize a court
or lawyer or anybody else to interpret the ninth
section without reference to the rest of the bill?
Must it not be taken together, as a whole? Must
not one part be seen in the light of the other? And
can the person who approaches the ninth section,
and especially passing from that section to the
fourth section, find anything but liberty and sood
for the freedmen?
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I will make a
candid answer to the Senator, and say that any
court and any lawyer,aslapprehend.whomight
be called upon to construe this law, would find
in that clause in this ninth section or the latter
part of it, as they would find in a majority of the
other sections of the bill, nothing but rhetorical
flourishes.
Very well; those would not
P
In
Mr. SUMNER.
hurt.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, they would not hurt,
and they would not do any good. The Senator
claims that they will be beneficial; that they will
restrain and influence the construction to begiven
to the ninth section. I think they will not. I
say that the declaration, speaking of them in'an-
other capacity at another time, that theyshallbe
treated an freemen with all proper remedies in
courts of justice, and that no power or control
shall be exercised with regard to them cxcept in
conformity to law, will have no practical effect,
for what is this exception ? It is " exceptin con-
formity with law." -What law? The law that
is embraced in the ninth section of the same bill,
which gives to the Commissioner power to make
Provision lor these men at such compensation as
le pleases, with whomsoever he pleases, to labor
pie s"Br 'lU pleases,aiul "l whatever capacity he
Now, Mr. President, it will not do for the
senator to raise an issue with me upon that ques-
tion on the ground that I am not in favor of the
rights of the freedmen, or lo insinuate that I am
not as much in favor of liberty and freedom as
he is. Mr. President, if this is such a purely
humane bill, why is th,iu 110 jnuvwo.i tJ
the fieedmen in this District? Are they not suf-
fering.* Do they not need our assistance? Are
there not from ten to twelve thousand of them
starving iight under our eyes to-day ? I want a
bill such as that introduced by the distinguished
chairman of the committee on Military Affairs
« lIouse of Representatives, that will author-
ize'the beci etary of War to reach these persons.
No man has a right to suppose that because I
Mm l,° fdoPlion this conference
i pou 1 am opposed to any freedman Vbill. I
wan. an oppouunity to change it. I think that
H this question is postponed until to-morrow we
"" ?ut thM opporluuhy. I want to referTuo
another committee of conference. J want to in
corporate mto it the very provision "that is in this
House bill, which will authorize the Secretary of
War to provide for this colored people in this
District. Does the Senator claim that the work
of his committee on conference is immaculate?
Can it not be rectified"? Is it not possible to be
bettered? Is all judgment and wisdom in' this
world, as well as all anti-slavery sentiment and
the spirit of freedom, confined to this committee
of conference?
Mr. President, I am just as much in earnestas
the Senator from Massachusetts is; I am just as
much in favor of protecting these freedmen as he
is; I will go just as far and spend just as much of
my own money or of the money of my constitu-
ents as he will spend; but I want to be satisfied
that when I am doing it it is going: to, reach the
objects of my bounty, and L want to be satisfied
tfyat all their rights will be protected under the
law which I am going to adopt and vote for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
postpone the report under consideration until one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted
-yeas 13, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BuckaJew, Dixon, Dooiittiej Grimes,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, PowelJ,
Ramsey, SpragUe, Trumbull, and Wrijrlit—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness, Par-
well, Poster, Howard,"Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,
Nye,Pomeroy, Stewart, Suinner, Wade, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messi>. Anthony, Carliie, ColJamer, Cowan,
Davis. Foot, Hafp, Harding, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Mc-
DougalJ, Nesmith, Richardson, Riddle, Saulshury, Sher-
man, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Witiey—2i.
So the motion to postpone was hot agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring with the report.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I desire
to state before the vote is taken that in my judg-
ment the bill if adopted will, instead of benefit-
ing the freedmen of the South,be attended with
consequences sufficients time to reenslave therp.
If I understand this proppsition, it is to establish
an independent Department of the Government to
take into consideration the condition of the freed-
men, to take charge of them in every sense of
the word, to look to their comfort, to actasguard-
lans for them in every respect, to have a vast num-
ber of officers appointed for the purpose of over-
looking their condition, providing for them labor,
and in every way possible superintending their
welfare, and I think opening the door for the per-
fect reenslavement of the negroes of the South.
I am very well aware that the Senator from .Mas-
sachusetts does not think so. I am very well
.aware that he would not do anything whatever
which in his opinion would bring about such a
result.
,1 Mr. President, the commen t that was made upon
this bill by the Senatorfrom Iowa, I think is just,
and is amply sufficient to defeat it. What is the
ninth section of the bill? In substance it is that
whenever these commissioners cannot otherwise
employ any of the freedmen, they shall make
provision for them with humane and suitable per-
sons, and at a just and suitable compensation for
chXffJT'v8'- , Senator from Massa-
nf ,"\° ^"""deration the vast number
of fieedmen to be.found in (he southern States—
from three to three and a half millions? It is in-
tended that the eighty-eight superintendents who
are provided for in the bill shall go on to look into
the condition of these negroes, and wherever they
UU1IIUL nrnke otherwise suitable provisions on the
twnite^m-ay,sei2eufn in the S0li'hera States
anrt nm tl! -U.y 1° lo°k out homes f°r them,
and put them with those parties that they see fit
fo/inct 'e,rn er! for s«ch compensation and
tor such a time as thev mav desire "wi-io* *n
be the result of this? Will feebeen,3hV
doned lauds in the southern States upon which to"
place the negroes ? If that be the casej* us see
what „ t0 be done. Look at my
ass.-r£ iii :tr- «
thousands of individual fcom tta State of Ar-
kansas,and from the southwest oart -of ]vn<a<tsi
who arc refugees from their hom^Lico^equence'
of the fact that they were Union men. They are
just as poor as the freedmen. One of the sections
of this bill, if 1 remember it aright—1 have not
had time to devote much attention to it—provides
that the assistant commissioners shall take pos-
session of all abandoned property, real and per-
sonal, belonging to disloyal persons, and all real
estate belonging to the United States, or of which
the United States has possession, and shall rent
or lease such real estate to freedmen, or permit
the same to be cultivated by them, on such terms
as they may prescribe; and if the lands or other
property shall not be required for the freedmen
they may rent or lease the same to other persons.
Why not permit these commissioners to look
somewhat to the condition of those white men
who, inconsequence of their Unionism, have been
made refugees from home? The bill declares that
as long as freedmen may be found to place upon
the lands that are abandoned, so long freedmen
shall be placed upon them in preference to white
persons. Why make this distinction? 1 would
not make any distinction in favor of the whites
as against the blacks. Why is a distinction made
here m favor of the blacks as against the whites? •
I should like to know of the Sendtor what reason
there is for it. It is not all the people of the
southern Slates that are secessionists, not all the
people of the southern States that have everbe'en
engaged in this rebellion in any way whatever.
Many have fled from the oppressions which were
imposed upon them in the southern States, and
are refugees from home, and are just as poor as
the freedmen themselves, as I ^iave before said;
and why does the committee say that a preference
shall be made in favor of the freedmen over the
whites? I can seen no reason in the world for it.
There is no reason for it.
How is it in my own State? We have very
properly freed the negroes in the State. They
are upon our hands. In addition, we have thou-
sands and thousands of white persons on our
hands to be taken care of; we are compelled to
do it; humanity requires that we shall do it; and
yet this report makes no provision whatever for
them, but leaves them upon the people of a Stale
that has been impoverished by the war, and in-
vasions made upon it for four years, and no pro-
vision whatever is made for them, provided there
are blacks enough to take up the lands that have
been abandoned.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to refer to another
provision of this bill, and 1 wish to appeal to the
Senator from Massachusetts and to ask him why
it is inserted. These commissioners and super-
intendents are to act as guardians, and they are
to aid the freedmen in the adjustment of their
wages and in the application of their labor.
I do not profess to have been an anti-slavery
man a great while, but the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is certainly too old an anti-slavery
man to have been the author of a proposition of
this character. What was the old argument in
favor of the institution of slavery ? jDoes not the
Senator know; has he not heard it upon thefloor
of this Chamber often enough to know what it
was? It was that the African race is not com-
petent to self-government, that the negro is not
able to take care of himself, that he needs a
guardian. It always was the argument in favor
of the institution of slavery, and is the argument
to-day, that-he is not qualified to take care of
himself, that he needs a guardian, that he wants
a next friend in all his conduct in life. Though
I am not a very old anti-slavery man, I can say
to Senators here that I never believed a word of
that argument. I believe to-day that if you turn
loose the negroes of the southern States and tell
them to take care of themselves they will do it.
ihere is no doubt about it. They will make a
better contract for themsel ves than an y w lute man
who is their next friend will make for them.
•I hey will make their contracts and collect their
wages. They have sense enough to do it. They
are jntelligentenoiigh to do it; and, Mr. President,
1 tell you that so far as my experience goes they
are as industrious as the white man. They lake
Ca'J 'u "'eir wa8csas well as the white man does,
and they are just as capable of making contracts.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say to the Sen*
ator, then, that this bill will have no appli<iati®n
to such persons. No person need be aided J®
making a contract unless im stands in .need of A
V81T person under the bill will be as free as the
