1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
As early as 1832 we find the spirit of treason
abroad in South Carolina under the leadership of
Mr. Calhoun. The pretext for this demonstra-
tion and effort to destroy the Government was
the unequal and oppressive operation of the tariff;
but in fact the promptings of Mr. Calhoun, and
those of his political school, originated, not so
much in their opposition to the tariff, as from a
fixed design to sever the Union and set up a
southern confederacy. Calhoun, while Vice Pres-
ident, having early saw the influence likely to be
exerted by Mr. Van Buren in the administration
of General Jackson, sought means to drive him
from the Cabinet, and to produce a rupture be-
tween him and General Jackson, and to get him-
self m favor with the President. Failing in this,
and determined to push his schemes to the point
of a rupture with the*Governmcnt, he sought as
a pretext opposition to the tariff. I refer to the
opinion of General Jackson, expressed shortly
after the event, and which the history of events
since that time abundantly verifies. In a letter
dated at Washington, May 1, 1833, and written
to Rev. Mr. Crawford, of Georgia, he says:
u I have had a laborious trisd? hoic ; but nullification is
dead, and its actors and courtiers will only be remembered
by the people to be execiated fot their wicked designs to
sever and desttoy the oniy good Government on the globe,
and that pto-perity and happiness we enjoy over eveiy
other portion of the woild. Hainan's gallows ought to be
the fate of all such ambitious men who would'luvolve
their country in civil war and all the evilrf in tram that
they might reiini and rule on its whirlwinds and direct the
stoim. The free people of these United States have spoken
and consigned these wicked demagogues* to their proper
doom. Take caie of your nulhfiors; you have them among
you. Let them meet with liie indignant frown* of every
man who loves his country. The Uuiff, it is now known,
was a ni<*{epretc.\t." * * * * <cTheiefoie
the tarilF wa> oniy the pretext, and disunion and a southern
confederal the leal object. The next yrelcxl will be the
negro or blavei y question."
Thus wrote General Jackson nearly thirty-two
years ago. What says Colonel Benton, whose
whole history, from lfc>33 to the day of his death,
is filled with warning upon this subject, and who
sacrificed himself by refusing to worship the Mo-
Joch of slavery in Missouri, whose people are to-
day reaping the bitter fruits of their persecutions
and disregard of his counsels? In thesecond vol-
ume of ins " Thirty Years in the Senate" he has
furnished a truthful page for history upon this
subject, and which it may be useful to introduce
here. He says:
"The icgnlar inauguration of this slavery agitation dates
from the year It3."); but it had commenced two year* he-
fore, and m this way: nullification and disunion had com-
menced m lb<3U, upon complaint agvun-t piut-clive tariff.
That being put down in under President Jackson's
proclamation and energetic measures, was immediately
substituted by the slaveiy agitation. Mr. Calhoun, when lie
went home from Oongie-^ in the spuug of that year, told
his friends that the South could ucverbe united against the
Noitli on the taull' que-lioti; that the ^ugar infiest of
Louisiana would keep Isei ouf, and tli.it ihe'b.iMa of&outh-
ei n union mil -t be * hnted to the slave question. Then all
the paper" in hi-: mteie-t, and especially the one at Wash-
ington, published by IVh. Duff Gieen, dropped tauff agita-
tion and commenced upon slavery, and m twoyeas&had
the agitation ripe foi inauguration on the slavery question.
And in 1 incing this agitation to its present stage, and to eoin-
piehend its rationale, it is not to ho forgotten iluu it ^ a
jneie continuation or old tan ft' disunion, and pieterred be-
cause moie available/'
Those woids of Jackson and Benton were pro-
phetic, and we are now reaping the fruits of that
policy. I ask the privilege for a few moments
now to review as briefly as I can the course that
has been uniformly pursued by these southern men
in reference to this matter from that day down to
the day of the inauguration of this rebellion.
Mr. Calhoun, being thwarted on the tariff ques-
tion, early went to work in reference to the sla-
very question. The next agitation, as we have
seen, was to be upon that question, and my recol-
lection is that the action by the anti-slavery so-
cieties of the North commenced about the same
tune. They saw that the field was open; they
saw the purpose of those southern men, and I
admit that they fanned the flame. They went
side by side, seemingly at times cooperating to-
gether, each one of them, in every instance and
in every movement, tending to make wider the
broach between the North and the South. They
talked so mueh about the North and the South
that we who lived in the Westalmost came to the
conclusion that there was nothing; in this Union
but the North and the South. We never heard
of any question bemgdiscussed here unless it was
a northern and southern question, una that, too, in
reference to slavery.
Mr. Calhoun commenced his intrigues shortly
after Mr. Van Buren had been made President,
having an eye to Texas, and not being satisfied
with Mr. Van Buren's position on that question,
he intrigued against him, and Mr. Van Buren
was defeated in the next nominating convention.
In 1848 Mr. Van Buren was nominated by a con-
vention at Buffalo, and at that stage of our polit-
ical history arose what was called the free-soil
party. Up to this point of time the question had
not assumed a particular or definite shape as to
the mode and manner in which they should agi-
tate this question, yet it was continually broached
in every possible shape without seeming to have
any definite result m view.
But the administration of Polk passed off. Then
arose another branch of this question, or rather,
it was an addition to the old question. And what
was called the free-soil party, or the "YVilmot-pro-
viso party, then arose. And in 1848 General Tay-
lor, not upon questions and issues that sprung up
between the politicians, but upon the high appre-
ciation for his character and military ability, was
nominated and elected. After his time had ex-
pired there was a convention of the Democratic
party held in 1852,and nominated a candidate for
the Presidency.
And whom did they nominate? Franklin Pierce,
avowedly the candidate of southern men. 1 have
nothing to say against the administration of
Franklin Pierce; at least, 1 have no arraignment
of him to make. But he was unquestionably the
candidate of southern men, and could never have
been nominated or elected unless they had brought
him forward.
But let me refer here to some measures of im-
portance that preceded his nomination. The com-
promise measures of 1850 had been adopted.
Those measures were acceptable to the great body
of the people both North and South. I do not
think they were acceptable to the nullifiers of the
South, nor do I believe they were acceptable to
the abolitionists, who were fanning the flame of
discord in the North. But I say that to the great
mass of the American people, North and South,
the compromise measures of 1850 were accept-
able. And it became evident that there wasa dis-
position among the American people to drop this
slavery agitation; and when Mr. Pierce was nom-
inated, in 1852, there was an express agreement,
and stipulation, and understandmgbetween south-
ern men and northern men, that they would nomi-
nate and elect Mr. Pierre, and forever stop this
slavery agitation. Thetefore the barnburners and
Wilmot-proviso men came together, with others, !
in support of Mr. Pierce, and he was elected. j
But who denies, at this time, that his Secretary
of War, who is now the president of the confeder-
ate States, shaped his course and his policy with
an eye to the ultimate object that he believed was
appioaching? No one can deny it now. We can
trace it in all his acts and movements. And after
Mr. Pierce was elected, and before the electionof
Mr. Buchanan, there came up another question.
The Territory of Kansas was to be organized;
and what was the policy pursued by the south-
ern men then? They thought it was a trump in
their hands, if they could only force the principles
ot non-intervention, as adopted m the compro-
mise of 1850. The Missouri compromise R'ood
in their way, and non-intervention was one of the
aiguments winch they used for its repeal. They
believed that if they could get the Missouri com-
promise out of the way in the organization of the
Territory of Kansas, then they could play the
trump card in the great effort they were making,
and win a position which would enable them ul-
timately to get up such a state of feeling among
the people of this nation as to break it up.
A bill was brought in to organize the Territory
of Kansas. I have not looked at the Journals; 1
have never looked at them. But i know the im-
pression made upon my minil, and I will state it.
The Senate was not satisfied with the bill as fust
reported by the Committee on Territories, being
controlled by the Calhoun influence at the time,
and referred it back to the committee The com-
mittee reported a second time, and reported a bill
for the organization of Kansas and Nebraska. !
The southern members wure not satisfied with .
that, and it was referred again to the committee. (
1 well recollect the doolaratum mad" to me by our
Senator, Mr. Atchison, in r< frrence to that mat- J
ter. The committee had known very wellatthe i
first what they wanted, but they had refused to
give it. Mr. Atchison said to me that if the com-
mittee, when they reported the third time, had not
reported a bill to repeal the Missouri compro~
mise, they would have taken it out of the hands
of the chairman of thecommittee, (Mr. Douglas,)
and he, Mr. Atchison, would have reported it
himself. But they got their report at last. They
inserted in the bill, as a sort of justification of
their action, what Colonel Benton very properly
and forcibly characterized as " a stump speech
injected into the belly of the bill." They said
that they did not intend to legislate slavery into
or out of the Territory, but leave the people there
perfectly free to act for themselves, in accordance
with the principles of the compromise measures of
1850.
Then immediately after the organization of that
Territory and the wiping out of the Missouri
compromise—which was the worst measure ever
adopted as a party measure by the Democratic
paity since its first organization—the Democratic
party broke down for a time. 1 had belonged to
the Democratic party up to that time, and con-
tinued still to act with it, yet I declare here to-day
that if I could have found any other party which
would have suited me better, or even as well, I
should have gone into it; and I know that thou-
sands of good Democrats did abandon the party
on that occasion. By that act they had taken
away the only wall of defense, other than the
Constitution, that the slaveholders had against
which to plant themselves for the purpose of pro-
tecting their rights againstaggression. They had
wiped it out; but then they had a purpose to ac-
complish in it. And what was that? Directly
after the Territory was organized we in Missouri
saw, and no doubt you heard. There was a
Colonel Buford—[ believe they called him—from
Alabama, Georgia, or South Carolina, one of
those three States. He absolutely came with a
lot of young sprouts from South Carolina, from
Georgia, and from Alabama, up to Kansas. They
did not come as emigrants; but they came there
with arms in their hands. For what? To clear
the road and put slavery into Kansas. Great ex-
citement was aroused upon the border at that
time; and a number of Missourians joined in :
the effort. Thereupon the emigrant aid societies
sprang up. They, too, came not in the capacity
of emigrants; but they came trotting along with
black carpet-sacks in their hands, with very little,
seemingly, to live upon after they got there. Every
one understood their object. Each one of them
had, either in his wagon or on his shoulder, a
good Sharpe's rifle.
Now, that just suited the notions of those men
who had sent Buford and his gang to Kansas.
There was an issue. There was bloodshed there.
Many men were induced to go there from Mis-
souri. I dcprecated it at the time, just as I dep-
recate this rebellion as a wrong. I believed then,
and I believe now, that two wrongs never make
a right. The conduct of the Emigrant Aid Soci-
ety, and of those men who were trying, the one
party to whip slavery into Kansas, and the other'
to whip it out, could lesult in no good. Oh 1 sir,
if you could but know how the people of my dis-
trict on the border of Kansas are suffering to-day
and have been suffering fho bitter fruits of the
effort to whip slavery into Kansas and fight it
in there, those people would at least have your
commiseration. The men of Missouri who were
engaged in that matter were the identical men
who engaged in this rebellion. They joined the
army of the South. Marry of them are dead and
gone, and those who are living are afraid to come
back. But the honest inhabitants of the country
there—and there were thousands and thousands
of them who countenanced no such thing as this
—have been made to suffer; and the result is that
we are desolated, burnt out,destroyed. We have
been made to drink the bitter cup to the very
dre^s, not by our own conduct, but by the efforts
of those men who set out with the purpose to
break up this Union. These facts are well recog-
nized and understood in Missourinow. The peo-
ple all see und feci that the thing was brought
uporiud by the causes to which I have alluded.
But, sir, they failed to make Kansas a slave
Stale, although thfy had obtained the repeal of
the Mist ouri compromise. After they had failed
in that object, what was their next move? In
1856 a President was to be elected, and in the
