,200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
organized purposely, as all the world knows, to
give five judges to the slaveholding States, and
four to the free States, notwithstanding that the
free States exceeded the slaves States almost one
third in population and one half in wealth and in
business for the courts.
Thus do facts answer that assertion of the gen-
tleman. And hence it is the business, the high and
holy work of the American people henceforth to
* sunder these shackles, and no more to be con-
trolled by the system of slavery which was fast
bindingpus and defenseless to be cast into outer
darkness.
Mr. Speaker, I have noticed the agonies of gen-
tlemen over the tomb of slavery. 1 do not forget
how they agonized, even to the going down of the
sun, against the abolition of slavery in this Dis-
trict. There were, according to them, untold
horrors looming up from that measure; but what
has been the result of its passage? It has raised
the value of property in this District two hundred
per cent. It benefited a race and enacted justice.
Not one of the horrors which filled men's imagin-
ation have visited us. Then, again, when the en-
listment of negroes was proposed, we were told
that the negroes would not fight, and that if we
tried to make soldiers of them our white troops
would resist it, and the rebels would fight with
increased desperation. Neither assertion was
true. So, too, on the discussion of the confisca-
tion law, we were told that if it were passed rebels
would fight to the last ditch, and our last victory
was won. Twenty thousand people in Savannah
and a hundred and fifty thousand in New Orleans
have made your prophesy false. They came out
to take food from your hands and welcome the
old flag. You shed ink in great profusion in pro-
test and opened the lachrymal founts over unborn
children; yet the born children mock'at your fears,
and you are, gentlemen, m tolerable health to-day,
except in that sense political in which you seem
to be on the verge of dissolution. Hut there is
political health to be found in this grandest oppor-
tunity of the century which is given to make the
land of the Pilgrims and of Washington free; so
free that another rebellion will be impossible; to
make the nation's destiny^oglorious that Heaven
shall look down to see.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that there has bean
much coaxing outside and inside of this Hall in
effort to induce Democrats who have voted against
the Republican party and against the amendment
so long to come now and vote for the amendment.
I for one do not share the solicitude of many on
this point. I am in no coaxing mood. If these
gentlemen see no wisdom in giving orders for a
shroud, that there may be an early and decent
burial of that which is in its death-throes and ought
to have been hastened to the tomb long ago, wo
can endure its putrescence till the " ides of March"
at least, when at a called session of Congress, if a
necessiiy, a jubilant majority will give the vote
which they were elected to cast, and will ally their
names with the honored dead of the centuries.
We can pass the constitutional amendment then
without coaxing, thank God, The nextCongress
was elected for that purpose, and we shall have
an overshadowing majority which will open a new
page in m\r political history; and to vote for this
constitutional amend mentis just the feast to which
those members fresh from the people were in-
vited. Those who sunder party ties and vote for
it cannot fail of grateful remembrance, for slavery
and Democracy have been mutual supporters for
thirty years. They cling together like the Siamese
twins. And so theirs shall be the folly, theirs
%hall be the curse, if they do notresist the sorcery
of party. Let them abide together and go down
to the depths " with bubbling groan," for, pleas-
ant in their lives, in death they should not be
divided.
Mr. Speaker, I need notgive my reasons in full
why I shall vote for this constitutional amend-
ment. I will simply state a few of the reasons
that will impel me to do so. In the first place, I
will vote for it because the Constitution provides
for its own amendment. Secondly,! will vote
for it because it allows the people of the States to
exercise their sovereignty—that " popular sover-
eignty" which we have heard descanted upon, lo,
these many years. I propose to have a practical
illustration of the doctrine. I will vote for it be-
cause it is a measure of justice to millions in
chains, to hundreds of thousands fighting our bat-
tles. The country demands it. The people, al-
though their Representatives here heed not their
voices, demand it. They demand it by the voice
of four hundred thousand majority given in the
late election to the present Executive of the Uni-
ted States. Above all there is a voice sounding
out louder than the thunder if men would hear it;
it is the voice of God to this nation, " Break every
yoke and let the oppressed go free."
I rejoice, Mr. Speaker, to welcome so many
who are coming into the ranks of free men, and
to know that there is a breaking up of unholy
alliances. I rejoicenotinanymerepartyvictory,
but am gladdened in seeing men restored to their
right minds and placing themselves in the cur-
rents of intelligence and patriotism, so that when
there shall be a reorganization of the Government,
when there shall be an adjustment, when the war
is ended, we shall find men of all classes and of
all parties allied together invoking the blessing of
Almighty God to the end that this may be the
great, the glorious, the free, the mighty nation of
the earth.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I take pride in the
fact, and let it go down to history, that but one
gentleman on the other side of the House has
stood up here to advocate " the sum of all vil-
lainies,'' American slavery. Thank God, he did
not belong to a slave State. A thousand thanks
those who live in the midst of the institution do
not dethrone their reason and provoke the venge-
ance of the Almighty by standing up here in
defense of American slavery. But let him, [Mr.
Fernando Wood.] livingon northern soil and in
a mighty city, degrade, if he choose, his man-
hood, defame the African race, and thus bear olf
all the honors to which his pandering and vas-
salage entitle him. "Let him enjoy his solitary
ignominy," is said nil around me. Yes, sir, i
repeat it. That gentleman, born and reared in a
free State, has seen fit to stand up in this year of
1865 and declare that American slavery is the best
condition of the African race. He deserves the
shackles he would fasten upon others, and, as I
trust in God, I believe his posterity will at least
wear his brand of ignominy if not wear the chains j
which lie would forge for others. Reproaches of
scorn for slavery's defender, but thanks for those
who have broken the shackles of party and are
coming forth for their countiy! I rejoice that
this is their day of freedom, and that we are now
about to give liberty to millions who have no
voicc in this Chamber.
I will now yield the remainder of my hour to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] ;
who desires to speak upon this question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, « prop-
erty," " vested rights,'"* robbery,"are the dying
cries from the agonized hearts of the men who
defend man-stealing and women-whipping, and
who apologize for tieason. 1 do not use heie for
the purpose of making a constitutional argument,
but only for the purpose of briefly answering
those charges. It seems to me that they come
from the wiong side of this question when used
by the men who oppose this constitutional amend-
ment.
" Property !" What is property? That is
property which the Almighty made property.
When at the creation lie gave man dominion over
things animate and inanimate, He established
property. Nowhere do you read that He gave
man dominion over another man.
"Vested nghfs!" What vested rights so high
or bo sacred as a man's right to himself, to his
wife and children, to his liberty, and to the fruits
of hisown industry? Did not our fathers declare]
that those rights were inalienable ? And if a man
cannot himself alienate those rights, how can an-
other man alienate them without being himself a
robber of the vested rights of his brother-man?
"Vested rights "and "robbery, "forsooth, from
the slaveholder! Why, sir, it is passing strange
that men, from usage and familiarity with a crime,
will even get to using the very words and phrases
in defense of that crime winch legitimately and
properly describe the crime itself. There never
was a highwayman who had pursued his course
of crime for a series of years who did not regard
the execution of the law upon him for his crimes
as most unjust to him. The poet has well said
that—
" No man e'er felt the lialter draw,
With good opinion of the hur."
It has been truly said by the gentleman who
preceded me, [Mr. Grinnell,] that in the statutes
of no slave State in the Union can you find the
origin of slavery. There is not a statute in any
one of those States that ever established property
in slaves; not one. It is a carbuncle; it is an ul-
cer; it is a cancer which has grown up by stealth
upon the body-politic, and which has only from
usage become familiarized to men, and they have
surrounded it with the statutes protecting the re-
lation that we find in any of the codes of the slave
States. You cannot find in any statutes of any
civilized nation on the face of the earth where
property in things animate or inanimate is estab-
lished. Nowhere is that property defined; no-
where is it declared in any statute in the world
that man shall have propetty in this or that thing.
Because, as I have said before, the Almighty hav-
ing given property in these things it is only neces-
sary that civilized society should surround it with
laws to protect men in the possession and enjoy-
ment of it.
I trust we will hear no more of robbery, of
vested rights. Slavery commenced in robbery
and theft, and has been carried on by a trespass,
and no usage in the lapse of time can make that
just or legal or right which in its origin and in-
ception was a crime.
What is that we now propose to do? We pro-
pose to say in the organic law of the land that
there shall be no more involuntary servitude ex-
cept as a punishment for crime. And there is
another thing; we are now dealing with a class.
While there may be now and then a loyal slave-
holder in the rebellious States, as a class the
slaveholders are traitors, as a class they brought
on this rebellion, as a class they aie fighting
our soldiers in the field, starving our pnsoneis
in their dungeons, and by every high-handed
and ruthless outrage conducting tins war of trea-
son. That is the character of slaveholders as a
class.
But there is another class of people there de-
nominated slaves. What are they? Invariably
the fnendsof theUmon; invariably the friends of
the Union soldier, giving him aid and comfort,
secreting him on his stolen flight from southern
dungeons to the lines of our Army, furnishing him
food and shelter on the way, and diverting from
him the bloodhounds on his track.
It ih but a day or two since that I took by the
hand the adjutant of that grand old regiment that
I raised and took into the fiel<^ For a year and
a half he had been sojourning in a variety of
southern prisons. Escaping from Columbia with
a few others, he was for twenty days and nights
within the febel lines,traveling by night, and se-
creting himself by dtiy in the hut of the slave,
until he rcached the lines of Sherman near Sa-
vannah. In every instance, (and his tale isbuta
repetition of the tale told by thousands,) in every
instance he could with the utmost confidence ap-
proach the humble door of the slave, cither by
night or by day, and rap for admittance, and could
obtain there concealment, protection, and food.
He was never turned away and never deceived by
any slave from whom he sought assistance. The
slaves gtvxrded him; they fed him upon the best
they could piocure, and sent him on his way re-
joicing. And when the slaveholders,those men
who, according to the declaration of the member
from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] are a
brave, generous, and noble people, put upon his
track the bloodhound sand the bull-dogs, and when
their hoarse howling was heard upon his track, his
pursuers were, by the arts taught by the slaves,
diverted from the seen?, and he was protected.
Sir, it is said, I believe, that every man looks
upon and appreciates character from his own
stand-point. I suppose thata man who stands
upon the gallows and feels the halter drawn about
his neck would regard a very disreputable person,
if exempt from the doom of that punishment, as
very respectable; and I suppose that, if a man
lias escaped the penitentiary by the statute of
limitations or any other device, he would regard
as very respectable a character which others might
consider very ignoble. Men of a low class re-
gard the character of others from their own low
stand-point, and by a comparison with their own
position in the moral scale. But it is left for the
member from New York to justify and support
this batbarous institution of slavery, and to de-
clare that the slaveholders engaged in this rebel-
