1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
lion are, par excellence, the noble,gallant, and gen-
erous people of the United States. Mr. Speaker,
I do not so regard them. From the stand-point
which I occupy I look upon them in a very dif-
ferent light. I think that they are neither just,
generous, 1101' noble; and, sir, you shall find that,
wherever slavery has existed for a series of years,
it makes the slaveholder ignoble, unjust, ungen-
erous, and tyrannical. Such is the natural effect
of the institution everywhere.
The member from New York caused to be read
at the Clerk's desk a description, as I learned after-
ward, of some horrid scene in Africa as written
by a traveler. I did not know when it was read
from what source it was taken, nor had I heard
what was said by the gentleman in connection
with it. Forming my surmise on the character
of the description, I turned to some one near me
and asked whether it was a description ofthe horrid
atrocities committed by the denizens of the Five
Points and others, constituents of the gentleman,
during the riot in New York city a year or two
ago. It seemed so apt and complete a description
of the scenes which occurred duiing that riot, as
they were detailed in the New York papers, that
I thought it must be an extract from some history
of those occurrences. Wo all recollect that dur-
ing that riot colored orphan asylums were set on
fire, negro women with children in their arms were
murdered, and in some instances negroes were
burned. Those are scenes which were partici-
pated in by voters of that member's own city and
district. You need not go to Africa to find scenes
of horror.
1 think that we should deal justly with the
unfortunate class of people who will lie freed by
the adoption of this amendment. Justice, long
delayed, should be awaided to them. Why, sir,
suppose that by some turn of the wheel of for-
tune the slave should become the master, and the
gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who ad-
dressed the House yesterday, should become the
slave. Would he then cry out, " Robbery ! vio-
lation of vested rights!" if wc sought to strike the
Bhaeklcs from his limbs? Yet his slave is a man.
And Thomas Jefferson declared that it was by no
means impossible that some turn of the wheel of
fortune might bring about that state of circum-
stances; and he declared that in case of a contest
between the masters and their slaves the Almighty
possessed no attribute that would take sides with
the masters.
Mr. Speaker, I thank God that by the votes of
my constituents, who sent me here by over thu-
teen thousand majority, I have the privilege to-day
of standing up here and advocating this amend-
ment; and I know that when the light of the past
and the present and the future shall with their con-
centrated rays throw a focal blaze upon the page
of history that we are making to-day, it will be a
source of the highest pride for my children to point
to the record which 1 make and the vote which 1
give to-day; while I know equally well that as to
the men who may vote against this amendment,
and particularly those who apologize for the in-
stitution of slavery, their action will be an ever-
lasting disgrace to themselves and their children
and their children's children. Sir, we ore making
history, am! we aremaking ltfast. These things
will not be looked upon fifty years hence as they
are now. When this usage of slavery is abol-
ished and when we have ceased to be familiarized
with the clank of chains, then we shall look upon
this thing with the horror it deserves.
Mr. McBRIDE. Mr. Speaker, by the vote on
the motion of the gentleman ft om Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] this House will decide whether the proposed
amendment to the Constitution, by which slavery
shall be prohibited within the limits of the United
States, shall be submitted to the several States for
their action or not. No one authorized to speak
for the people of the State whose interests I repre-
sent upon this floor has yet spoken upon this
question in either branch of Congress, and I avail
myself of the privilege of giving expression to
my views with gieater pleusuie because my State
has been hitherto unheard; and secondly, that
they are in emphatic harmony with the clearly-
expressed sentiments of my constituents.
I shall ask the indulgence of the House for but
a brief time, while I present in concise form the
reasons which govern my vote on this grave ques-
tion. I have no wish to enter the broad field which
has been swept by this debate for the purpose of
gleaning after the myriad reapers who have en-
tered the harvest before me, but I will traverse
the limited scope which I have prescribed to my-
self with as much rapidity as is consistent with
the perspicuous presentation of the positions wh ich
I shall endeavor to establish by the way,promis-
ing to be (for I know how anxious mast mem-
bers are to close this debate) neither elaborate nor
diffuse.
The first question thatpresentsitselfin the con-
sideration of this proposition is whether we have
the power to take the proposed action of initiating
the abolition of slavery by a prohibition of it in
our fundamental law; if we have not the power
to do it, the rightful authority as an American
Congress, then all discussion as to the propriety,
the expediency, or even the necessity of the act
is of course idle folly.
" But, sir, I have listened carefully and atten-
tively to the arguments ofgentlemen upon the pro-
slavery side of this question, who deny our au-
thority to amend the Constitution as proposed,
without beingable to perccive thejustice orsound-
ness of their assumption. I perused with patience
the ingenious argument of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] made at the
last session of Congress, and reiterated Saturday
last by his colleague, [Mr. Bliss,] the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Proyn,] and a member
from New Jersey whom 1 do notchoose to name.
The gist of that argument being that slavery is a
State institution, ncversubmitted by them to Fed-
eral control, that it is an indefeasible right of prop-
erty conferred by State laws, and not to be divested
by any other sanction,is a fallacy which can, I
think, be most easily and conclusively met and
answered.
You assert that slavery is a local institution, de-
riving all Us right to exist from the municipal laws
of each State where it is acknowledged. I admit
the assertion. You assert that it was a subject
left by theframersof the Constitution to the States,
to be by them controlled, legislated upon, encour-
aged, fostered, or abolished in the States, as to
them seemed most expedient. That I also admit.
You assert that, owing its existence to State
laws and State authority, and being a subject left
by the framers of our fundamental law to the ex-
clusive control of the State authority, therefore
we have no rl£ht to so amend the Constitution
as to take Federal control of and abolish it. This
assertion 1 deny. The conclusion does not fol-
low fiom your premises, as 1 now propose to
demonstrate. This i3 a proposition to amend the
Constitution of the United States and to establish
in that Constitution a power hitherto not pos-
sessed. That Constitution is the existing funda-
mental law of all the States, having been assented
to and ratified by them. It contains among its
provisions one by which itprescrtbcs the methods
by which the instrument may be altered, changed,
and amended. Those methods are, that the two
Houses may, by a two-thirds vote, propose
amendments; or Congress may, on application
of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several
States, call a convention to propose amendments
to the Constitution; and in either case, whenever
the proposed amendment or amendments shall be
ratified by three fourths of the States, they shall
become valid and binding provisions ofthe Con-
stitution; and upon this power of amendment
there is one and only one limitation, and that is
that " no State without its consent shall be de-
prived of its equal suffrage in the Senate." The
lull and complete power to amend the Constitu-
tion in any and every particular is given and con-
firmed by the fifth article of the Constitution,
curtailed by the single existing limitation as to
equal State representation in the Senate. If the
States had intended, when the Constitution was
originally formed, to forever keep the institution
of slavery beyond Federal control, they should
and would have excepted that also, with the
right of equal suffrage in the Senate, from among
the subjects of rightful amendment.
I giant that the right to abolish slavery was
not given to the Federal authority as a legisla-
tive power, but the means by which the national
Government might obtain that power through an
amendment to the Constitution were given, and
those we now propose to apply.
If domestic slavery was beyond our control
originally, theX^onstitution points out the way by
which we may legitimately take it under cogni-
zance, and.we are following'strictly the" methods,
it prescribes. - . " :
Sir, we are told the}'by this amendment, if it
succeeds, we are encroaching upon the rights of
the States, and that we are taking a step "toward
consolidation. Certainly we are;, and if, the
States, in the mode prescribed by the Consfitu-
tion, choose to yield not only the righYwhiiE
they have hitherto enjoyed of controlling and per-
petuating the system of slavery, but every other
political right exercised by them, they can .un-
questionably do so. It may be very ijnwise pol-
icy for them to do so; but it can nevertheless be
done constitutionally; and that is the questioij I
am now considering.
I think, then, that I have established the prop-
osition that, as all the States have agreed by their
ratification of the Constitution to abide all amend-
ments which shall be made to that instrument
which receives the sanction of three fourths of
their number, having first passed the preliminary
ordeal of a two-thirds majority of both Houses
of Congress, or of a national convention, our pro-
posed amendment is perfectly within our province
and power.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I pass from the question
of our power to amend, and come to the equally
important practical question, the expediency of
the proposed amendment. Ought slavery in these
United States to be abolished? Is it our duty as
statesmen seeking the good of the country and of
posterity to put an end to this institution?. Is it
our dutyas citizens, loving our country and seek-
ing her glory and prosperity, and withal having
her good name among nations committed to our
care, to rid her of this institution?
Sir, itseemsto me that but one patriotic answer
can be given to these questions, and that is an
affirmative one. Yiew it in whatever light you
may, the answer must still be the same. Look
at it as a question of mere political economy, and
the aigumentof material prosperity alone would
say abolish it forever. The argument pf statistics
and facts, so triumphantly conclusive as to defy
all attempts at refutation, which my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Creswell] presented the other
day, ought of itself to determine every man who
seeks for the proper development of this fair
western continent, to vote for the abolition of
slavery on every proper occasion.
When an American citizen enters a foreign land
and sees the degradation to which the downtrod-
den masses are subjected by their kingly rulers,
his soul revolts at the injustice, but his mouth is
closed against remonstrance. If lie talks of the
beneficence of free institutions and the glory of
republican government he is told to learn toprac- x
tice what he preaches before he seeks to prose-
lyte abroad. If the American, indignant at the
wrongs he sees done to unhappy Ireland by the
proud rulers of England, expresses his hope to
see her emancipated from their rigorous rule,
he is asked to think of the millions pining in chains
beneath the starry flag of the country he so
proudly praises. If, burning with that instinc-
tive hatred of tyranny which finds new fuel in
the dark history that records the endurance of
noble Hungary, and the oppression of despotic
Austria, he ventures an utterance of the feelings
of his heart, he is shamed into silence by the
sneering suggestion that a more galling tyranny
and a more degrading slavery stain the prosper-
ity and dim the glory of his own fair land. If
then, sir, it were only to make our Government
consistent with itself, to make her an example of
freedom, to which all the nations of tlie world
might turn and be instructed, free her from everjf
stain, and wipe off every reproach based upon the
existence of human bondage; if it were only to
vindicate our good name with mankind, I would
vote to abolfsh slavery.
But, sir, I contend that the argument against the
institution asan offenderagainst the rulesof com-
mon justicc.os a felon self-convicted of ineffable
crimes, as a traitor-assassin seeking madly the
life of this free nation, demands that it be sum-
marily sentenced withoutbenefit ofclergy. Long
enough has it debauched and deadened the con-
science of the people; long enough has it shocked
humanity and defied Heaven by its violations of
every principle of truth and morality; and now,
having filled up its cup of crime and villainy by a
treason so rank and foul as to shame all historic
example and all criminal parallel, we, who hold the
