1865.
mxm
lands in the neighborhood for the construction
thereof; and the proceedings thereon shall be con-
ducted in the same manner as is provided in cases to
authorize the formation of railroad associations anil
to regulate the same by the State laws of Illinois
and Missouri respectively. -There a substati- .
tive power is given by this Congress to this asso- ■
ciation to go into the States and condemn prop-
erty lying within the limijts of the States. The
only thing necessary for t,l?em to do is to pursue
the course of proceedings indicated by the State
laws. Itseems to me that that is aprovision not
contained ordinarily in bills of thisftharact^r. I
beg the gentleman, without meaning to take up
time or interfering with his right to call the pre-
vious question, to have the bill printed so that we
may consider it.
Mr. NORTON. I have no objection to that
if it is made the special order for a day certain.
It seems to me that the gentleman's objection to
the bill is answered T>y the very language he
quoted from it. Whatever property is taken for
the building of this bridge is to be taken in ac-
cordance with the State laws of Missouri on one
side and the laws of Illinois on the other. The
bill waS framed with a great deal of care; and
while 1 feel willing to accommodate the gentle-
man,under the circumstances I must demand the
previous question.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to appeal to my
colleague to let this bill be printed. 1 am satis-
fied it will be defeated if he does not.
Mr. NORTON. Geritlemetiall aronnd me'say
1 cannot get this bill made a special order at this
stage of the session, and it seems to reiS the only
chance is to put it upon its passage now.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 shall then be compelled
to vote against the bill, not having had an oppor-
tunity to know what it is. Unless it is printed I
certainly shall do what I can to defeat it.
Mr. NORTON. I do not know that my col-
league wants to vote for the bill anyhow.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do, if upon examina-
tion I think it ought to pass.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow it to be printed.
Mr. NORTON. I would have no objection to
having it printed if it could be done withoutlosing
the bill. I should indeed prefer to have it done.
But the immense accumulation of business, and
the statement of gentlemen around me that ob-
jection will be made to having this bill made a
special order, forbid it, because the passing of it
over for the purpose of having it printed is tan-
tamount to having it defeated _ 1 witl Consent,
however, to have the bill recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed, provided that the commit-
tee may have leave to report at any time.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object. I have been try-
ing to get up the enrollment bill, which has been
a special order for some time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, for
the general information of the House, that there
are now, beside the special assignment for to-day,
six special orders and six motions to reconsider
pending. How soon they will be exhausted the
Chair cannot state.
Mr. NORTON. Very well; those who- are
most interested in the bill are satisfied that I ought
not to give time at present. I cannot get the bill
made a special order, and I cannot get leave for the
committee to report at any time; and 1 am conse-
quently compelled to insist upon my demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GRISWOLD. We want to know what
■ the bill is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has not the Committee on
the Posl Office and Post Roads the right to report
again to-morrow?
The SPE.&KER. Their time to report expires
to-day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall call for the reading
of the enrolt'ed bill, if it is put on its passage.
Mr. NORTON. I insist on my'demand for
the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. FINCK. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yca3 and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 46, nays 78, not voting 58; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Bliss, Olfty,
Coffroth,Oox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, DenP
son, Eden; EdRertOn, Eldridge, English, Finck, Gafison,
Grider, Griswold, Hall, Harrington, Charles M. Harris,
Herrick, Holman, Hutcbins, Kalbfleiseb, Kernan, Knapp,
LeBlond, Long, William H. Miller, James E.Mo'tris, Mor-
rison, Nelson, Noble, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, lingers,
Stevens, Stiles, Stroase.Thomas, Townsertd, WadsVorth,
Joseph W. White, Wtn'fleld, and Fernando Wood—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Bailv, Augustus C.Baldwin, Baxter, Beawah,
Biaine, Blair, Blow,Boatwell, Boyd-, Brandegee, Broomsll,
Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Dixon, Driggs,
Ecklcy, Eliot, Farnsworth> Garfield, Gooeh, Grinned,
Higby, Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jngersoll,
Jenckes, Julian,Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kel-
logfj, King, Knox, Law, Litllejohn, Marvin, McAllister,
MeClurg, Moorhead, Daniel Moms, Amos Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Onli, Pcrham, Pike, Price, William H.
Randal), Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice. Edward H.
IlollinS, Roys, Schenek, Seofield, Sloan, Smith, Smitiieis,
Starr, Sluart, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Webster,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Woodbiidge, Wortli-
ingtun, and Yeaman—78.
NOT VOT1NG — Messrs. William J. Allen, John IX.
Baldwin, Brooks, James S. Brown, Wiliam (i. Brown,
Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Deming, Donnelly, Dutnont, Frank, Hale. Harding, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kasson, Lazear, Loan, Long-
yi'ar, Mulloiy, Marcy, MeBiide, McDowoll, McXndoe, Mc-
"Kinney, Middleton Samuel F. Miller, Morrill,, Leonard
Myers, Odell, John O'Neill, Patterson, Peiry, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Radford, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Scott, Shan-
non,- Spaidrog, John E. Steele, William G. Steele, Sweat,
Tracy, Voorbees, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wlndom, and Ben-
jamin Wood—58.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
Mr. NORTON. 1 ask' that the bill may be
printed. -
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
" MESSAGE EROM.lHE SENATE.
A message from the Senate* by Mr. Hickbv,
their Chief Clerk, announced to the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment,a bill
of the following title: '
An ?ct (H. R. No. 222) to extinguish the In-
dian title to lands in the Territory of Utah suit-
able for agricultural and mineral purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, a joint resolution of thefollowing
title: . _
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title to
certain property in Carson City and Territory of
Nevada, for the purposes of a branch mint lo-
cated in said place.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed joint resolutions and a bill of the fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R.No. 85) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the Secretary
of the Interior $250,000, in lieu of certain bonds,
for feeding certain refugee Indians;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) to encourage
the employment of disabled and discharged sol-
diers;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) for the relief
of James B. Royce;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) for the relief
of Mrs. Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond, Vir-
ginia; and
An act (S. No. 38G) to incorporate the Na-
tional Protection Insurance Company of*he Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a concurrent resolution to continue
the joint committee on the conduct of the war.
RECONSTRUCTION BILL. '
The SPEAKER. The next bill in order is
House bill No. 602, known as the reconstruction
bill, upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Edgerton] is entitled to the floor for twelve
minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to extending the time of the gentleman
'half an hour.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object.
Mr. H*0LM AN.' Say twenty minutes. I hope
the gentleman will not object to that.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object to any extension.
Mr. EDGERTON. I do n.otdesire to occupy
the floor unless I c*an have twenty minutes addi-
tional time. ( - •
Mr. ASHLEY. There are half a dozen gen- •
tlemen upon this side of the House who,desire \
to speak, and I cannot yield.afyadditional mo-
ment.
Mr. COX. I,hope the gentleman will with-,
draw that objection. We granted the gentleman :
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] more addi-
tional time than that yesterday. '
Mr. ASHLEY. I have utterly refused to ,'
yield to any gentleman upon this side of the
House.
Mr. GANSON. I move that gentlemen who
desire to speak upon the subject have leave to print
their remarks.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to. '
Mr. PENDLETON. Doesthatcutoffdebate? i
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. PENDLETON. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York that he include in his
motion that there shall be no debate.
The SPEAKER. That will hardly be in order.
Mr. COX. How long does that permission to ,
print speeches last ?
The SPEAKER. Until the 4th of March at
noon. ^ ~
Mi\ ASHLEY. I withdraw the mbtirm which. *
I made to recommit the bill to the committee on
rebellious States; and I withdraw, by authority
of the committee, the bill which was the original
text, and introduce the following bill, in lieu
thereof;
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That in tlie States declared in icbellion against the United
States, the President shall, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appoint for each a provisional gov-
ernor, whose pay and emoluments shall not exceed that^of
a bngadier gcneial of volunteers, who shall be charged .
with the civil admmi>tratiou of such Slate, until a State '
government therein fe.liu.ll be recognized as hcieinafter pro-
vided.
Sec. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That until the United
States shall have leeognized a republican form of State
government, the provisional governor in each of said States
phall see that this act, and the laws of the United States,
and the Jaws of the State for the protection of persons and
property in force when the State government was over-
thrown by the rebellion, are faithfully executed within the
State; hut no law or u<age whereby any person was here-
tofore held in involuntary servitude shall be recognized or
enforced by any court or officer in such State; and the laws
for the government, trial, and punishment of white persons
shall extend to all persons, and jurors shall have the qual- -
ifications of voters under this law for delegate!! to the cor*- -
vemion. The president shall appoint such officers' pro-
vided for by the laws .of the State when its government •-
was overthrown as he may find necessary to-thecivil ad-
ministration 6t the-State,all which officersshall be entitled  
to receive the iVes and emoluments provided by the Statie
laws lor such officers.
Sec. 3. vSrid be it further enacted, That all persons lield
to involuntary servitude or labor in the States or parts of
States in which such persons have been declared frpe by
any proclamation of the President, are heieby emancipated
and dischaiged thereirom, and they and their posterity shall
be foiever tree. And if any such personsor their posterity
shall he restrained of liberty, under pretense ot any claim
to such service or labor, the courts ot the United States
shall, on habeas corjruSy discharge them.
Sec. A. Jind be U further enacted, That if any person
dcclaied free hy this act, or any law of the Untied States,
or any proclamation ot the l'residem, be lestrainod of lib-
erty, with intent to be held m or reduced to involuntary ser-
vitude or labor, the person convicted beforeacourt of com-
petent jurisdiction of such act shall be puni&hed by fine of
not less than $1,500, and b« imprisoned not less than five
nor more than twenty years.
Sec« 5. Jind be it further enacted, That so soon as the.
military resistance to the United States shall have been
suppressed in any State, and the people thereof shall have
sufficiently returned to their obedience-to the Constitution
and the laws- of the United State-, the provisional governor
shall direct the marshal of the United States, as speedily
as may be, to name a sufficient number of deputies, and to
enroll all white male citizens of the United States resident
in the State in their respective counties, arid to lequest
each one to take the oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, and in his enrollment to designate those
who take and those who refuse to take that oath, which
rolls shall be forthwith returned to the provisional governor;
and if the persons taking that oath shall, together with the
citizens of the United States from such State in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States, amount to a
majority of the persons enrolled in the State, he shall, by
proclamation, invite the loyal people of the State to elect
delegates to a convention charged to declare the will oftfre
people of the State relative to thereesuiblifehmentot a State
government, subject to ami in coniormity with the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Sec.6  be it futther enacted, That the convention
shall eonsiot of as many mt-mbert; a> both Houses df th««last
constitutional State Legislature,apportioned by the provis-
ional governor among the counties, parishes, or distncts-
of the Siate^m pioportioo to the population enroilediiy the
marshal, in compliance with the provisions of thisact* or
In the military ot naval service of the United States as
