202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
malefactor in our grip, owe it to humanity, to jus-
tice, to ourselves, and the world, to strangle the
guilty monster. If, instead of being guilty of the
indictment which I have presented, slavery were
only an element of political discord, a constant
subject of agitation and disturbance as it has un-
doubtedly always been, still the pence, order,and
prosperity of the country demand its extinction.
Glance at our brief national history and learn that
no danger to our national integrity has ever ex-
isted that is not chargeable to the irritating effects
of slavery. It was the one subject which in the
Convention to frame our Constitution was the most
difficult of ad justment, and threatened us with all
the evils of national disintegration and anarchy.
Its demands and exactions began then; they have
ended by a vain attempt to destroy the nation which
it could not longer keep in subjection beneath its
iron yoke. Not a single serious danger to our
nation has ever existed sincc we bccame one peo-
ple that does not find its origin and motive in the
institution. Foreign aggression we never feared;
subjugation from abroad we have always defied;
but domestic dissension, arising out of the dissim-
ilarity of ourinstitutions and the conflicts to which
these diversities have given rise, has ever been the
care and dread of our statesmen.
Slavery demanded those acquisitions of terri-
tory in 1803 which finally led to the fierce contro-
versy as to the admission of Missouri, which
came so near involving us in revolution and civil
war in 1820. In 1832, taking the guise of mere
commercial jealousy in the shape of nullification,
it again threatened the country with the horrors of
war and bloodshed. Demanding the annexation
of Texas,a demand yielded to against the moral
sense of the nation, and thrown to it as a sop to
Cebcrus," the war with Mexico ensued, and all
the fierce and bitter agitation of 1850. Not satis-
fied with having torn and distracted the country
by that fierce cxcitcmcnt before which in 1850 all
that had preceded it4'paled their ineffectual fires,"
and grasping with insatiate hunger at every ele-
mentof power and strength,the demon of slavery
again in 1854 roused the fiery tide of sectional and
political excitement by endeavoring to rob the free
Territories of the nation of the fair jewel of their
glory and prosperity and appropriate them for
its own base uses. And for the last ten years
we have had no other question in national politics
deserving the name or dividing politics save sla-
very and its incidents. It lias at every period in
our history, when our integrity as a nation has
been threatened, been the promptingenemy of the
public peace, the active offender against order and
quiet. It has filled the land with broil, with hate,
with intestine commotion and irreconcilable dis-
cord. When after six years of continual and
angry agitation it capped the climax of its crimes
in 1860 by letting loose upon the country all the
devastations of civil war—a war that has made the
world stand still with horror as it gazed upon the
desolation and the havoc that have maikcd its
gory track—it loft the hand of vengeance with no
further excuse for clemency. It filled up the
measure of its wickedness, and proclaiming itself
an open enemy, it henceforth became an outlaw
whom it is our duty to follow to utter extermina-
tion.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clav]
complains that this amendment is treating Ken-
tucky with bad faith. Sir, the charge comes with
bad grace. Why, air, in 1820 the North, confid-
ing in the faith of Kentucky pledges, agreed to the
compromise of the great statesman of the West,
Henry Clay, but when the time came that the
North was to realize the benefits guarantied by
that compromise, Kentucky, in the person of her
Senator, made the motion winch broke the plighted
faith of the nation and covered the national Legis-
lature with a stain of dishonor frojn which the
waters of time can never wash it clean. Sir, let
me ask that gentleman whether it is kind in Ken-
tucky to insist that her interest, if in antagonism
with that of her twenty-odd sisters, who he says
arc arrayed against her, shall be maintained and
theirs sacrificed ? Is it good faith to her sister
States to insist that her interests shall be main-
tained at their expense? That slavery is the mo-
tive of the rebellion we can establish by every
fact bearing upon our troubles. Why is it that
West Virginia clung to the Union while the chiv-
alry district went off in revolt? Simply because
slavery was the dominant interest in the latter,
and had little power in the fiist. Why did the
free mountaineers of Tennessee rally round the
flag of their fathers with an honest devotion
unsurpassed by any example furnished in his-
tory, while the planting regions of the same State
went frenzied into the dark abyss of rebellion?
Slavery explains the reason. Go to the mount-
ains of Kentucky and of North Carolina, where
the husbandman earns his scanty living by the
honest toil of his own hands, and where slave la-
bor is the exception and not the rule, and fidelity
and devotion to the Union burn as warmly and
as brightly as in any part of our land. Go to the
cotton and rice fields tilled by the sweat and moist-
. encd with the tears of the slave, and rebellion fierce
and bitter seems to reign in every heart. If then
lebellion is the result of slavery, let us destroy
slavery and thus destroy the motive to rebellion,
give peace to the country, and harmony to all our
future.
But we are met with another objection, that if
weemancipatc we must enfranchise also. I deny
the conclusion; but I should not be deterred from
the move, even if it were correct. A recognition
of natural rights is one thing, a grant of politi-
cal franchises isquiteanother. Weextend to all
white men the protection of law when they land
upon our shores. We grant them political rights
when they comply with the conditions which
those laws prescribe. If political rights must
necessarily follow the possession of personal lib-
erty, then all but male citizens in our country are
slaves. This illustration alone reduces the con-
clusion to an absurdity. Sir, let the rights and
status of the negro settle themselves as they will
and mustupon theirown just basis. If, as a race,
they shall prove themselves worthy the elective
franchise, I tell gentlemen they will enjoy the
right; they will demand and they will win it, and
they ought to have it. If, on the contrary, as a
lace, they are so far inferior to those with whom
they must compete as to be unequal to the high
and responsible position of free electors, any at-
tempt to elevate them to that standard will be a
signal failure. I have no faith in their ability to
contend in the race before them successfully,and
no fear of degrading my own race by contact with
them, for,sir, there is an antagonism between the
races which will preventanythmghke a complete
blending of them, and I leave all questions of the
consequences of emancipation to be settled by
justice and expediency as experience shall dic-
tate. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof,
and I will do what right and expediency require
now, and leave the consequenccs to be provided
for as they may arise. Conscious as I am that
the best interests of the country and posterity re-
quire a mitigation of the evils with which slavery
has afflicted this war-desolated and strife-torn
land, I will notsufiermyself to be prevented from
giving my aid to this beneficent proposition by
any imaginary evils that it may not provide for.
If the abolition of slavery shall still leave us the
dregs of this pestiferous question to be dcaltwith
at a future time, I am willing to trust the future
for their settlement, well convinced tlmtall others
are mere suboidinate difficulties which time and
statesmanship will enable us to wisely overcome.
Mr. C. A. WHITE obtained the iloor^
INSPECTORS OF STEAMBOATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce for
reference a bill to provide for two assistant in-
spectors of steamboats for the city of New Yoik,
and for two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois.
Mr. CHANLER. I object, unless the gentle-
man withdraws his objection to the bill I endeav-
ored to introduce yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 1 un-
derstand the gentleman objects to legislation for
New York city.
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD GRANTS.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill extending the time for the comple-
tion of certain laud-grant railroads in the State of
Minnesota, and for other purposes; which was
! read a first and second time, and referred to the
! Committee on Public Lands.
certain land claims; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee ot
Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. ASHLEY, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 31, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of offi-
cers in the military service of the United States,
with the army of the James, praying for an in- #
crease of the pay of Army officers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. CLARK presented a petition of citizens
of Virginia, setting forth the inefficiency of the
State government for the protection of the loyal
citizens of Virginia, and praying for the estab-
lishment of a territorial government; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories-
Mr. HARRIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of New York, clerks in the Ti easury Depart-
ment, praying for an increase of salary; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Lie also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, clerks in the Navy Department, praying
for an increase of salary; which was refened to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, clerks in the Interior Department, praying
for nn increase of salary; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, clerks in the War Department, praying tor
an increase of salary; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of officers in the
military service of the United States, piaying for
an increase of pay and thatthc commutation price
of the ration may be fixed at sixty cents, and that
the pay of officers' servants may be the same as
private soldiers in the Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a petition of real-estate agents
of the city of Albany, New York, praying that
there be refunded to them a proportionate part
of the tax paid by them as commercial brokers
under the act of 18G2; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commeice of the city of Milwaukee,
praying for the construction of a ship canal around
the falls of Niagara; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of medical
storekeepers in the service of the United States,
authoiized under the act of Congress appioved
May 20, 1862, piaying to be ailowed the pay and
emoluments of surgeons of the Army; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
lie also presented two petitions of military offi-
cers in the service of the United States, with the
army of the James, praying for an increase in the
pay of Army officers; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Muskegon county, Michigan, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of Mus-
kegon harbor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of the
local boaid of steamboat inspectors, praying for
an inciease of salary; which was refeired to the
Comtniuee on Finance.
lie also piesented the petition of Mrs. Denis
Sullivan, of Alexandria, Louisiana, p raying com-
i' pensation I'm* property destioyed by foices of the
'I United States; which was referred to the Cum-
•• mittee on Claims.
|| BILLS INTRODUCED.
■ I Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave tu introduce a joint icso-
j lution (S. R. No. 91) appointing General Richard
introduced a joint resolution for the adjustment of n Delafield to be a regent of the Smithsonian insti'
I LAND CLAIMS.
M Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent
