1865.
THE CONGEESSIOKL GLOBE.
Arkansas, unless I can secure that which I think
of paramount importance in the reorganization of
the other States, and which I felt confident would
follow in these States if they were recognized
even with their present form of government. For
these reasons) I have declined to offer the substi-
tute which I had printed on Saturday, and which
w a yesterday distributed to the Hoi^se in pam-
phlet form.
It,is very clear to my mind that no bill provid-
ing for the reorganization of loyal State govern-
ments in the rebel States can pass this Congress.
1 am pretty sure that this bilj and all the amend-
ments and substitutes offered will fail to command
a majority of this House.
We have learned, Mr. Speaker, in the course
of the debate on this question, how easy it is for
gentlemen to follow in the beaten track in which
they have been educated. The individuality of
the great majority on our side of the House is so
strong that no concession, no compromise, can
be made which will bring us togetheron this great
question. Many gentlemen on this side of the
House are capital leaders in the minority, are
good at pulling down, but not so good at leading
majorities, and building up.
' On this great question, a question of more mag-
nitude and importance to the people of this coun-
try than any other, the majority of this House, 1
regret to acknowledge, are utterl y unable to agree.
While I accord to other gentlemen all the ear-
nestness and all the honesty of purpose which
I claim for myself, I do not desire to put myself
on-the record in favor of admitting these States
which have no loyal populations at their back—
which have no established governments that 1 care
to recognize; and 1 only consented conditionally
to-recognize them because 1 knew we could hold
them up with the military power until the rebel-
lion should be crushed.
I did not expecft, Mr. Speaker, to participate in
the debate this morning. 1 did not intend to par-
ticipate in it at all. Until this debate was opened
yesterday I thought that we were all so nearly uni-
ted at the last session that when the concessions
which I have made in this substitute should be
presented to gentlemen, there would be no rleed
of argument, no need to consume the valuable
time of the House at this late hour of the ses-
sion, as we did yesterday, and have thus far to-
day. I am not, therefore, prepared to go on with
any lengthy remarks. I want to say, however,
one word in defense of the last section of the pres-
ent bill, which is the thirteenth section of my
substitute.
Some gentlemen think it strange that such a
section should emanate from me. Now, Mr.
Speaker, while I have always been earnest and
anxious for the restoration of these governments
in theSouth, I have desired, first of all, to secure
such governments as would be stable, such gov-
ernments as would be a source of strength instead
of weakness to the national Government. Hence
I desire their organization upon the ideas which
I have presented in my substitute of Saturday.
I have not been opposed, as some gentlemen have
seemed to think, to the recognition of any of these
States. This thirteenth section is introduced into
this bill for the purpose of sustaining the procla-
mation of the President, which is outstanding to-
day, embodying these very ideas, and to have it
go forth from this body in an authoritative form,
saying to the legislative and executive authorities
in the rebel States that if, before the rebellion be
suppressed by force of arms they will, take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and command the citizens of their States
now in the rebel army to lay down theirarms, the
President may lawfully and rightfully treat with
them and recognize them as the existing govern-
ment, provided they adopt the provision pre-
scribed in the eighth section of this bill and ratify
the proposed amendmentto the Constitution abol-
ishing slavery.
This much, Mr. Speaker, I think we have the
right to exact of the rebel States, after what
this nation has suffered from theiracts. Wecan-
not obtain indemnity for the past, but it is the
duty of statesmen, the duty of men charged with
the reconstruction of governments in these rebel
States, (o demand security for the future, and to that
extent I  propose to go in this thirteenth section
of the bill now befoie the House. If 1 were a
Union man in the State of Georgia or in the Slate
of North Carolina to-day, I would welcome a
declaration, such as is contained in the thirteenth
section of this bill, by the American Congress.
I would welcome it,and 1 would use it,as I know,
if this bill could be passed, it will be used there
among the honest Union men of the South, the
men who desire to return to the support of the
national Government and to be once more recog-
nized as part of thegoverning power of the country.
For these reasons the committee have added that
section to the bill. It is substantially the bill of
the last session with these modifications and ad-
ditions, and it is the bill on which I now desire
to bring the House to a vote. I want a record
made on all the propositions now before us.
Without consuming further time of the House 1
will yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. How much time
have I ?
The SPEAKER. Forty-five minutes'.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
merely rise to state the case for the House. If
I can find voice enough to do that I shall have
accomplished as much as I expect.
The bill which is now the test, to'which amend-
ments are pending, is the same bill which re-
ceived the assent of both Houses of Congress at
the last session, witli the following modifications
to suit the tender susceptibilities of gentlemen
from Massachusetts: first, the sixth section, de-
claring rebel officers not citizens of the United
States, has been stricken out; seconi.the tax-
ation clause has been stricken out; third, the
word "government" has been inse ;d before
" trial and punishment," to meet the refined crit-
icisms of the two gentlemen from Massachusetts
who suppose that penal laws would be in force
and operative when the penalties were forbidden
to be enforced; that discriminating laws could
survive the declaration that there should be no
discrimination between different persons in trial
or punishment. There has been one section
added to meet the presentaspect of public affairs;
that section authorizes, the President, instead of
pursuing the method prescribed in the bill in ref-
erence to the States where military resistance
shall have been suppressed, in the event of the
legislative authority under the rebellion in any
rebel State taking the oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, annulling their
confiscation laws and ratifying the amendment
proposed by this Congress to the Constitution of
the United States, before military resistance shall
be suppressed in such State, to recognize them as
constituting the legal authority of the State, and
directing him to report those facts to Congress
for its assent and ratification. With these modi-
fications, the bill which is now the test foramend-
ment is the bill which was adopted by this House
at the last session.
I shall not reflect upon the gentlemen of this
House so far as to go into any argument to prove
its authority to do what this bill proposes to do;
its vote of the last session for this bill, word for
word, is the sufficient proof of the right of the
House to adopt it. It is only the House itself
that can reverse that judgment and impeach its
assertion of its own powers. Nor need 1 trouble
myself to answer the arguments of the gentlemen
who at the last session voted for this bill, and
who, in the quiet and repose of the intervening
period, have criticised in detail the language; and,
not stopping there, have found in its substance
that it essentially violates the principles of repub-
lican government and sanctions the enormities of
the laws with which the existence of slavery has
covered and defiled the statutes of every rebel
State.
That these discoveries should have been made
since the vote of last session is quite as remark-
able as that they should have been overlooked
before that vote. But they were neither over-
looked before nor discovered since. The vote
was before a pending election. It is the will of
the President which has been discovered since.
It is not at all surprising, Mr. Speaker, that the
President having failed to sign the bill passed by
the whole body of his supporters by both Houses
at the last session of Congress, and having as-
signed, under the pressure of events, but without
the authority of law, reasons, good or bad, first
for refusing toallow the bill to becomes law,and
therefore usurping power to-executo parts of it
as law, while he discarded other parts which in-
terfered with possible electoral votes, those argu-
ments should be found satisfactory to some minds
prone to act upon the winking of authority.
The weight of that species of argument I am
not able to estimate. It bids defiance to ev^ry
species of reply. It is that subtle, pervading
epidemic of the time that penetrates the closest
argument as spiritpenetrates matter that diffuses'
itself with the atmosphere of authority, relaxing
the energy of the strong, bending down the up- "
right, diverting just men from tjie path of recti-
tude, and substituting the will and favor of power
for the will and interest of the people as the rule '
of legislative action.
It is an evil which can be remedied only by the
people of the United States in the selection of
their Representatives, and when they send Rep-
resentatives here of stuff impenetrable to that
subtle essence, then reason and not the executive
wishes will illuminate them on the merits and
necessity of legislative measures. Till then I de-
spair of reaching the source of their conduct.
AH I desire now to do is to state the case and
predict results from one course or the other. The
course of military events seems to indicate that
possibly by the 4th of next July, probably by
next December, organized, armed rebellion will
cease to lift its brazen front in the land. Disas-
ters may intervene; errors or weaknesses may
prolong the conflict; the proverbial chances of
war may interpose their caprices to defer the na-
tional triumph; butevents nowpoint to the near
approach of the end. But whether sooner or
later, whenever it comes, there is one thing that
will assuredly accompany it. If this bill do not
become a law, when Congress again meets, at our
doors, clamorous and dictatorial, will besixty-five
Representatives from the States now in rebellion,
and twenty-two Senators,cioiming-admission,and,
upon the theory of the honorable gentleman, en-
titled to admission beyond the power of argu-
mentto resist it; forpeace will have been restored,
there will be no armed power but that of the
United States; there will be quiet, and votes will
be polled under the existing laws of the State, in
the gentleman's view. Are you ready to accept
that consequence? For if they come to the door
of the House they will cross the threshold of the
House, and any gentleman who does not know
that, or who is so weak or so wild as to suppose
that any declaratory resolution adopted by both
Houses as a condition precedent can stop that
flood, had better put his puny hands across the
flood of the flowing Mississippi and say that it
shall not enter the Gulf of Mexico.
There are things, gentlemen, that are possible
at one time and not possible at another. Tou can
now prevent the rise of the flood, but when it is
up you cannot stop it. If gentlemen are in favor
of meeting that state of things, then do as has
been already so distinctly intimated in the course
of this debate, vote agjinst this bill in all its as-
pects; leave the door wide open; let " our breth-
ren of the South," whose bayonets are now
pointed at our bfothers' hearts, drop their arms,
put on the seemly garb of peace, go through the
forms of an election, and assert the triumph of
their beaten faction under the forms of political
authority after the sword has decided against
them. I am no prophet, but that is the history
of next December if this bill be defeated; and I
expect it not to become a law.
But suppose the other course to be pursued;
suppose the President sees fit to do what there is
not the least reason to suppose that he desires to
do; su ppose that after he has destroyed the arm tea
in the field he should go further, and do, as I think
he ought to do, what the judgment of this country
dictates, treat those who hold power in the Sou th
as rebels and not as governors or legislators; dis-
perse them fromthe halls of legislation, expel them
from executive mansions, strip them of the em-
blems of authority, and set to work to hunt out
the pliant and supple " Union men," so called,
who have cringed before the storm, but who will
be willing to govern their fellow-citizens under
the protection of United States bayonets; sup-
pose that the fruitful example of Louisiana shall
spread like a mist over all the rest of the southern
country, and that Representatives like what Lou-
isiana has sent here, with such a backing of votes
as she has given, shall appear here at the doors
of this Hall; whose representatives afe they? I
