m
THl CCMGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21:,,
do not mean to speak of the gentlemen now here
from Louisiana in their individual character, but
in their political relations to their constituency.
Whose representatives are they ? In Louisiana
they are the representatives of the bayonets of
General Banks and the will of the President, as
expressed in his secret letter to General Banks.
If you admit such representatives, you must
admit, on the same basis and under the same in-
fluences, Representatives from every State from
Texas to Virginia; the common council at Alex-
andria—which has just sent two Senators to. the
other House and has ratified the amendment to
the Constitution abolishing slavery in all the rest
of Virginia, where none of them dare put his
portly person—would be entitled to send ten Rep-
resentatives here and two Senators to speak for
the indomitable "Old Dominion." If the rebel
Representatives are not here in Decerolier next
you will have here servile tools of the Executive
who will embarrass your legislation, humble your
Congress, degrade the name of republican govern-
ment for two years, and then the natural majority
of the South, rising indignantly against that hu-
miliating insult, will swamp you here with rebel
Representatives and be your masters. These are
their alternatives,and there is no middle ground.
To meet that state of the case, the honorable gen-
tleman, whoso ably heads the Judiciary Commit-
tee [Mr. Wilson] has proposed a declaratory res-
olution, and that is all—a declaratory resolution,
with no provisions of law to execute it, with
no power to arrest the flood at our door,a very
bubble born amid the hubbub of the waters and
floating with the flood—that Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall not be received from any State
heretofore declared in rebellion until a joint act
or resolution of Congress shall have declared that
they have organized a new government.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maryland what there is in the bill which he
is now advocating to prevent the House of Rep-
resentatives or the Senate from admitting mem-
bers or Senators from those States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Nothing; noth-
ing. This House is the ultimate judge of who is
elected, and can always determine for itself, and
therefore the resolution of the honorable gentle-
man is waste paper.
Mr. WILSON. Let me ask the gentleman
another question. Suppose that notwithstanding
the provisions of this bill, the people, loyal or
disloyal, as the case may be, or both combined,
should, within the limits of any insurrectionary
State, organize what they would call a local State
government, and in pursuance of the constitution
and laws adopted by them send Representatives
and Senators to Congress; what is there in this
bill, or what power would the President have, to
prevent this House and the Senate from admitting
the persons so elected?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If they have
elected their Representatives, there is no power
anywhere to prevent this H&use from admitting
them, if they see fit to do it.
I hope I answer the gentleman intelligibly.
But if such an election is held anywhere in any
such State it is an assertion of sovereign power
without authority of law—it is rebellion itself;
and this bill directs the President to disperse the
electors and prevent the election being held. If
this law should be passed, and the President
should sanction such an election, it would be an
impeachable offense; and if he did not sanction it
the question would never be here to trouble us.
I trust I have answered tne gentleman intelli-
gibly.
Now, a word upon the criticisms upon this bill
and I have done. Provisional governors are to
be appointed. That is a point of objection to
thegemleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
who first spoke. Why, sueh governors are ap-
pointed now without law, and all we propose is
that they shall be under the responsibility of law and
subject to the control and confirmation of the Senate.
Piovisional governors illegally appointed, and
judges of provisional courts unknown to the law,
and whose appointments have never been sub-
mitted to the Senate, are nowusurpingauthority
iti Louisiana, The v<-ry landmarks of the law
are swept from the land. My effoi t is to restore
them, and to that the gentleman objects.
Why, sir, suppose this bill be not passed; sup-
pose this machinery be as objectionable as the
gentleman supposes; what is the alternative ? The
President remains in power with no law to guide
him. I am attempting to lay down a law for his
guidance. The gentlemen prefer arbitrary will
to a written law, and they cannot avoid that state-
ment of the issue.
Sir, when I came into Congress ten years ago,
this was a Government of law. I have lived to
see it a Government of personal will. Congress
has dwindled from a power to dictate jaw and
the policy of the Government to a commission to
audit accounts and to appropriate moneys to en-
able the Executive to execute his will and not
ours. I would stop at the boundaries of law.
When I look around for them I seem to be in a
waste; they are as clean gone as the division
fences of Virginia estates from here to the Rapi-
dan.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] said yesterday that by this bill we are
reviving the hateful black laws of the South. I
drew the section that refers to that subject, and I
am content to take upon my shoulders all the re-
sponsibility connected with the revival of all the
laws that are revived by the bill which I had the
honor at the last session to report, which both
Houses of Congress approved by their votes, and
which to-day 1 am here to maintain. I took some
credit to myself for putting in a brief space the
shortest possible declaration that all men should
be equal before the law, when I drew the clause
declaring that no law which recognizes the right
to hold men in involuntary servitude shall be
recognized, and that the laws for the trial and
punishment of white persons shall apply to the
trial and punishment of all persons whsletver.
I had ignorantly supposed that if the negro had
to be tried by the same court, under the same law,
upon the same evidence, for the same crime, for
no other crime, upon no other evidence, and by
nootner tribunal, 1 had come, in those words, as
near annihilating the black laws of the South as
gentlemen could have done if they had spent tomes
in writing out the provision for that purpose.
' But in order to meet the refined criticism of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
upon this bill, my friend from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
and myself put our heads together, and after great
contortionsof the brain we thought we might pos-
sibly make the effectiveness of the law visible to
gentlemen whose eyes had failed to discoverthe dif-
ficulties of the law of the last session, by inserting
before the words "trial and punishment" the
word "government." And as " government"
means the provisions and execution of the law
which defines the rights of persons and property,
and the responsibility of men to the law, I take
it that the gentleman will withdraw that objection
now, and vote for the bill, because it does effect-
ually, even to his satisfaction, annul the laws to
which he has objected.
But says the' gentleman [Mr. Dawes] who
spoke yesterday, and the one who spoke several
days ago, [Mr. Eliot,] " There is no time fixed
within which the provisional governor must call
upon the people to elect whether they will organ-
ize a State government or not." Certainly not.
Nor can there be any. It is necessarily left to
the judgment of those whom we charge with the
execution of the law. If the President shall ap-
point provisional governors who will not execute
his bidding nor take his word for it that the re-
bellion is suppressed, and that the people have
sufficiently returned to their allegiance, then there
is no remedy except to change the President, and
that remedy I fear is impracticable. I take the
men I find in power; the men who muBt .execute
all the laws we pass, if they be executed at all.
But the real grievance is not expressed. I pre-
scribe a rule; and it is my imposing any rule
that is the offense, and not the execution of it, nor
any doubt about its meaning,still less the uncer-
tainty of its beginning. Theie is no uncertainty.
The bill says that there shall be no government
organized until armed resistance issuppressed and
the people have sufficiently returned to their alle-
giance, the test of which is to be that a majority
of the people have taken the simple oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States. But
there are those who would have one tenth of the
people govern all the people. There are those
who would organize in to oligarchies, like the com-
mon council of Alexandria, to suck the blood of
great States, degrade the character and exasperate
the temper of the people of proud Commonwealths,'
and send their tools here to legislate for my con-
stituents.
Sir, my successor may vote as he pleases. But
when I leave this Hall there shall be no vote
from the third congressional district of Maryland
that recognizes anything but the body and mass
of the people of any State as entitled to govern
them, and to govern the people that I represent.
And they who may wish to substitute one tenth,
or any other fractional minority, for that great
power of the people to govern, may take, and
shall take, the odium.. Ay! I shall brand itupon
them that in the middle of the nineteenth century,
in the only free Republic that the world knows,
where alone the principles of popular government
are the rules of authority, they have gone to the
dark ages for their models, reviving the wretched
examples of the most odious Governments the
world has ever seen, and propose to stain the na-
tional triumph by creating a wretched, low, vul-
gar, corrupt, and cowardly oligarchy to govern
the freemen of the United States—the national
arms to guaranty and enforce their oppressions.
Not by my vote, sir; not by my vote!
If the majority of the people will not recognize
the authority of the Constitution of the United
States, what does the gentleman say who pro-
poses these declaratory resolutions? That they
shall come here without it? No, sir; but I would
govern them for a thousand years first by the su-
preme authority of the Constitution which they
have defied and will not acknowledge. And gov-
ern them how? Not by the uncontrolled will of
this or any other President that ever lived, George
Washington included. 1 would govern them by
the laws that in tlie hours of their sanity they
enacted, unaltered excepting so far as the progress
of events require that they should be altered; to
the extent that we have proposed to alter them
in our bill, and no further. I leave their own
rules for their government,.make the President
appoint, under his official and public responsi-
bility, the officers who are to execute them; and
if they do not like to be governed in that way,
let us trust that the prodigal will come one day
to his senses, and 'humbly kneeling before the
Constitution that he-has vainly defied, swear be-
fore Almighty God that he will again be true to it.
That is my remedy for the grievance. That
is what we propose. It isfor this House to say
whether it prefers arbitrary discretion or legal
rule; whether it prefers that anarchy shall reign
or that law shall be supreme; whether it prefers
that we shall be overiun by men who do not rec-
ognize the Government and who yet insist on
taking part in our legislation, or whether it will
erect a barrier now, at this lime, to prevent th6
question tieing forced on our successors, who,
wiser it may be, firmer, better republicans than
we, will, from the mere fact of the pressure of the
times and the clamor of the day, be absolutely
incompetent to deal with these things which we
now, before the event, can ealmly and deliber-
ately adjudicate. Sir, I have done.
The question was first on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause of the bill,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to lay the bill and
amendments on the table, and on that motion I •
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 64, not voting 27;
as follows:
\i.   i iivs  i, tjuiy, ouuii, <^f>uruui, t <>x. i. njvf'rj-3, t ,notii?U' * *
Davis, Dawes, Dawson. Denton. EcKlev, kdi'tu Kitgc-non,
Eidririge, Knghsh, Finek. Gnu im, (ioocii, fowifM," tiris-
wold. Hale. Hall. Hanlm#. BenjftmUi G. harris,
Charles M. Harris, Herrtrk Jiuiburd, lluu-hins,
Julian, KalbflHi-ch, K>nmn. King. KxKpp, Law, l,axear,
he Blond, Lmiejohn, MaUory. Mmcy, Marvin, Mc-
Ailieier, McKinnej, William II. J.uno U. Morn*,
Morrison, Nohtf. OJHJ. IVndS.-ton. Pike. Pom-
e.roy, Pruyn, Radford, J, lUndali,'William If.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Jome? P. KoHm-s,
Ross, Jolm jB, Sstefiie, William t*. sieHr.
Siiiesj^trod^o, Smart. .Sweat, Thomas, TowHt^nd. Tiacy*
Van ValkfMihurgii, Wad>worih. William  . WaoMmrn,
Webmer, VViiah'y, Jo^pli W. White. VVmfidd,
Hrnaiwin UV>od. and YVatnati—9t.
XAY£—Arnold, Ashley. John
D. Ba.dvvm, Haxur. tfeumau, liiauir, BouiWi'Hj
Brmidi'goe, BioumaH, Ambrose W. Cterk, Cole,
Witifei Dnvh, fVriung, Donnelly, l>um«nt,
Efioij Famdworih, tiarfivld, Gfiiineii, Higby, Hooper,
