972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
members of the committee. Itis hardly to be pre-
sumed, Mr. Speaker, that a gentleman of the age
and experience of Mr, Field would have selected
such a time and used such means to accomplish
his purpose; certainly not at a table surrounded
by ladies; certainly not in the presence of two
members' of the House, to whom his conduct was
apparent, and whose votes would necessarily be
recorded against him; certainly not by any at-
tempt toinflict serious personal injury on the Rep-
resentative from Pennsylvania. I think, there-
fore, it must be evident to the House that if Mr.
Field bad been in possession of his right mind,
and if his purpose had been such as is charged in
the resolution, he would not have taken such an
occasion or used such means.
In order to confirm this impression, I will read
the testimony of Colonel Clark, on the staff of
General Banks, a gentleman who had known Mr.
Field in Louisiana, who had been in his company
on repeated occasions, and had opportunities to
judge of bis character and habits. He testified
as follows:
" On Thursday I thought lie was not in a condition to be
left alone a moment. I advisfd his friends, and it wa« un-
derstood that he wa« not u> be left alone. The judge prom-
ised me himself that he would not leave his room. On
Friday lie made the same promise, and I was with him
from the early part of the evening until half past eleven
0 ctock. lie was much excited; his mind was much dis-
turbed, arid at times I considered him to bea delirious and
c^z/ -A* som* moment's he seemed to he conscious
of hh condition, and foegjjed me not to leave him alone. I
told him that I would not leave him alone. I was that
evening with Mr. Wells. Thejud e said he was Mek, arid
that hedul not know what lie vvonki do,oi wa« doing. He
mjiu a message to his particular friend, -saving that he was
not to leave his room, and lor him to come and see him,
telling him that he was sick. 1 ascertained during the
evening that lie had not left his room during the dav. He
Mid that he had not left his room. At hall past eleven I
- nude an arrangement with Mr. Wells to stay with him, as
1 was going to bed, not feeling very well. I went to bed,
ami next morning foundth.it this difficulty had occurred
pome twenty minutes after I had left him. He spoke of
«. udjre Kelley ^evt;ral times during the evening, showing
no waltce, no feeling, making no threats, but only s-nvni"
that he would answer his arguments on the floor. During
the conversation he declared that he had never carried
arm? during his Jifu, but that some people thought he was
armed."
I allude to thisevidence, Mr. Speaker, to prove
from the opinions of a highly intelhgentand com-
petent witness that he left Judge Field in bed too
unwell to be left alone, in a highly excited condi-
tion, made arrangement with a friend to remain
with him, as he supposed, this being eleven o'clock
at nrght; it was after this time that the unfortu-
nate occurrence took place.
i hold, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that in view of
the fact that Judge Field was not in a condition
to be held responsible for his acts at that time,
that the case is partially removed from the juris-
diction of the House; for it will not be supposed
that we are to take cognizance, as members, of-
what transpires outside of this House unless it
can be proved that the action of a person is with
the purpose and determination to interfere or em-
barrass a member in the fearless exercise of his
rights. As 1 hold political opinions at variance
with the gentleman claiming a seat, 1 feel less re-
luctance in expressing myself as 1 do; and 1 am
actuated solely by a desire to perform what I
consider my duty to thegentleman and to my own
vie ws of the case. I hope, therefore, Mr. Speaker,
that, in this imperfect attempt 1 have convinced
tlie House that this is one of those unfortunate
occurrences which may happen at any time, and
that as the gentleman has made every reparation
in his power, the House will adopt the follow-in*
resolutions as a substitute for that of the com-
mittee;
Resolved, That thf Speakerissuc his warrant directed to
tny bergeaut-at-Arius attending thU House, commanding
!timA t0,>1'^<J !!,Uo cViod-v<- to be found, the body
j A. 1. rieid, and forthwith bring him to the bar of the
ii and that thereupon the said A. P. Field be repri-
njdii<led by the >^peak<T.
Rewloed, That the sti«ppusion of the privileges of i!ie
iunbe? action'of Z House.' *' rtcW' bc co""«u,s<1 u"U1
The SPEAKER, That is not in order, the
man) question having been ordered.
Mr. TOWNSEND. 1 ask the Clerk to read
the letter of Mr. Field to Mr. Kelley.
The Cieik read, as follows:
Washington City, January 25, 1865.
Hon. W. T). KkT.LiiTf ;
Theoc.Minene^ between us atWill.ird'somhe evenine
oi the JJJi msuni I am ?ure are more deeply r^rem-il i
me than they euu be by you or any other j>cr«o«r '
T wa% at the time iaboring undpr much excitement, and !
have but very little recollection of what transpired. I only }
know that I had the impression that you intended to insult ;
me, and this was no doubt a misapprehension on my part. :
I am very conscious that r entertained no feehnys of un- 1
kindness toward you, and no thought of attempting in any
way to interfere with your official duties; or to hold you to an-
swer to me for the manner In which you discharged them,
and deeply regret that i was betrayed into any rudeness or
incivility of conduct toward you.
Satisfied that I am blamabie In the affair, X feel it due to
myself, as well as to you, to offer this explanation, which
is the best reparation in my power to make.
With high respect, your obedient servant,
A. P, FIELD.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
say that that letter was not sent to my colleague
until the following Thursday, five days after-
ward.
Mr. TOWNSEND. That appears in the evi-
dence; but it was not until some days afterward
that Mr. Field was able to be out, and in fact this
was written at Mr. Field's dictation by a friend,
Mr. Field being too unwell to write him'self.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. It was not
received until after this committee was raised.
Mr. NELSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for ten minutes.
Mr. BEAMAN. I yield to thegentleman from
New York.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Speaker, I have read the
evidence which the committee has reported in this
case; and while I have no desire to justify the
conduct of the gentleman now arraigned before
this House, I cannot assent to the conclusion at
which the committee has arrived. I say to the
members of the House that if they will read the
testimony they will find that this man who is now
arraigned or to be arraigned, has, for a long se-
ries of years, won for himself by honorable .con-
duct the reputation of a high-minded gentleman.
At the time of this unfortunate occurrence, and
unfortunate occurrences atise in every man's iife,
he was surrounded by circumstances over which,
for the time being, he had no control. In the evi-
dence before you, gentlemen, who are to pass
upon this man's rights, and the punishment to be
administered to him, it is fixed, and conclusively
established, that by the useofintoxicating liquors,
which is only occasional in his experience, reason
was entirely overpowered and overthrown. And
there is but one question in my mind that this
House should pass upon and determine. We are
not calied upon as a jury to pass upon the guilt
or innocence of the accused. We are not to say
whether he has violated a provision of the crim-
inal law; but we are to say, as the Representa-
tives of the people, whether he has interfered
W a l • Pr'v^e?eso^a member of this House.
A briefstatement of this occurrence is as follows:
this man, with reason tottering and destroyed, as
the evidence shows, met the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania at a public table. This
man, the evidence in the case establishes beyond
a question, when guided and controlled by that
reason with which nature endowed him is a" hi<*h-
toned and honorable gentleman. Reason totter-
ing, as it was, he was guilty, admittedly, of a vio-
lation of the criminal law. We are not to admin-
ister punishment for such a violation. We have
but one duty to perform. If he has interfered
with the privilege of a member of this House,
then we are to punish, but not otherwise But
let me ask, without the least feeling one way or
the other, because every feeling I have is one of
Kindness and liberality, let me ask the gentlemen
oi this House to read the answer which was given
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
to a question submitted by Mr. Field, of Louisi-
ana. It will.be found on page 2 of the report:
Kp'iei1' in a low-an<1 ""bdacd t"ne
voice, Judge Field, my constituents wi|| n0l rebuke
mefor exclu,in* fro,,, Vongr,^ a man vvh„ bol,av,.s a,
do d man like you—one who behaves 111 the presence of
iddiea as you are now doing.'   i«u>tuce oi
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman from New
York will refer to the evidence, he will find that
there is a slight mistake in the report.
Mr. NELSON. I would not under any cir-
cumstances do the gentleman injustice. But I
find the substance of the evidence here collected
by the gentlemen of the committee, and I must
presume that they have reported it correctly
Hut i desire to say one thing more; and that is,
did the subsequent conductor thegentleman from j
Pennsylvania justify the remark which the com-
I mittee says he made ? As a public officer and a J
a Representative in this House, he had no right,
under any circumstances, in any way or for any
reason to pass upon the rights of the genth'rnati
from Louisiana to a seat in this House, for reason
of conduct before election, or by reasonof conduct
subsequent to the time of election. In the letter
which the gentleman from Louisiana submitted
he tells us that feeling injured and wounded by
the statement made by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, he went further than the Jaw '
or those rules which guide and govern organized '
society would justify.' ,
Now, sir, i suggest that in this case there is
nothing to be found that shows that the gentleman
from Louisiana had the least idea of encroaching
upon the rights or privileges of the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I suggest a care-
ful reading of tilts evidence. Clearly and beyond
question there was a violation of the criminal law,
and to the criminal law thegentleman from Lou-
isiana must answer. This is an extraordinary-
proceeding. The rules of this House in the pro-
tection of its members go to an extent somewhat
doubtful, some say; and some say well defined.
But in the remark the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania made, that his constituents would justify him
in excluding this Representative, not because be
was not elected in due form of law, not because
he was not entitled to a seat, but simply for I113
recent conduct ata public table subsequent to the
election, in my humble judgment, isa violation of
the privilegesof thegentlemanfrom Pennsylvania.
The attack of Mr. Field upon the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania is entirely unjus-
tifiable in the law, and the law officers, in the
administration of the criminal law, will deal out
even-handed justice, with blinded eyes, between
the people 011 one side and the gentleman from Lou-
isiana on the other. 1, for one, am disposed to be
extremely careful in our action, in extending a
doubtful power which we here possess under the
form of a question of privilege. Here, then, was a
violation of law; Itis one to be punished by the
criminal courts." In the evidence taken by the
committee there appears nothing that indicates a
desire on the part of Mr. Field to interfere with
the vote of the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania upon the question that he is to deter-
mine hereafter.
One thing further. It is suggested in this re-
port that Mr. Fifld thought that Mr. Keliet was
a block in his way to a seat in tins House, and
the committee consider that important in deter-
mining the intent Mr. Field had at the lime he
committed this breach of law. Now, Mr. Speaker,
is there anything in that that determines the ques-
tion that is important here, and the only one that
is important? Did Mr. Field attempt to overawe
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania in
the action he should take in this House? If he
did he should be convicted by the House, if he
did not, and has merely been guilty of a breach
of the criminal laws, he should not be convicted
1?0Vf' br;n" lh° ct,'millal courts of the country.
Mr. BEAMAN. I do not propose on this
occasion to put myself into the position of a piibl/c
prosecutor. i should have been better pleased
had the House seen fit to confine the duty of the
committee simply to an investigation and report
of the facts end circumstances of the case. But
the House saw fit to do otherwise. The com mittee
were instructed not only to report the facts and
eticumstances,but they were also required to re-
port what order should betaken, if any, for the
•vindication of the privilege of the House. Having
discharged that duty, I desire now to say no more
than may be necessary to vindicate the action of
the committee.
Now, sir, the evidence taken in the case is full
and minute, and its examination will show that
an offense has been committed. This is not de-
nied; indeed it is conceded by the respondent
himse.f; and I understand that my colleague, who
Uitl not agree precisely in all particulars with the
majority of the committer.,8dmus that an offense
has been committed. If 1 understand the gentle-
man fiom New York [Mr. TowNsENDlcorrectly,
e agrees that the facts set forth 111 the report are
substantially true, though he differs somewhat in
regard to the propriety of the resolutions.
Viiat, then, is the case as it stands before the
rtouse .* Xhere has been an assault committed
upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
ivellcy,] such an assault as might have produced
