206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
their own honor and the most friendly purpose
to serve us has been done, and is being done at
this moment. If we abrogate this treaty at this
time, while those who are favorably disposed to
this country are endeavoring to do ail their duty
and their whole duty to us in this hour, in what
condition shall we place them ? Sir, I will tell
you just exactly what we shall do: wo shall
strengthen the hands of the rebels and weaken
the hands of our own friends.
I think it is a tolerably well settled fact that
Canada and the United States will continue for
some time, to say the least, to be contiguous and
conterminous in territory, and that no action of
the Senate can by any means alter that. I take
it that the relative relation on the face of the globe
of Halifax and Boston will remain very much as
it is now for some time to come. The question
is, how shall we conduct ourselves in regard to
these neighbors, and what is our interest?
Among the reasons that were suggested for ab-
rogating this treaty, or among the consequences
of it, it was suggested by one member of the Son-
ate, I believe the honorable Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] that it would reduce the great in-
terests of that country, their railroads, &c., to a
state of bankruptcy if not of pauperism. Sup-
pose il would; suppose that that suggestion ema-
nated from the profoundest political wisdom,and
was eminently true, is it our interest to reduce
our neighbors to poverty and to bankruptcy, or is
it the inteiest of this country, a commercial coun-
try, that tiie Canadas and our neighbors, as long
as they are our neighbors, shall be prosperous,
and eminently prosperous, if they do not by that
prosperity impoverish us? What was the great
argument with which Henry Ward Beecher elec-
trified England in his visit to Great Britain ? He
asked them, " What is your interest? To have
the country filled up with slaves that buy no cloth,
no luxuries,or to have it filled up with an indus-
trious and enterprising free population, who, for
their own use and their own interests, will make
a market for your productions and your manu-
factures?" The argument had infinite force in it;
and if it had force when it applied to the slave
States in their relations to the rest of the world,
does it not eminently have force when applied to
our colonial neighbors? Isitforourinterestthat
they should be rich, prosperous, wealthy, and
enterprising, enabled to buy of our manufactures,
and go on as they have, m the short space of thir-
teen years quadrupling what they buy of us, ot-
to reduce them to bankruptcy and poverty? In
doing that we injure ourselves quite as much as
we injure them.
These are some of the reasons which induce
me to oppose the abrogation of this treaty; but I
see that it is a foregone conclusion. I think that
gentlemen take counsel of their passion rather
than of those broad reasons which relate to the
present and the progtessive welfare of the coun-
try. Our welfare and our progress is bound up
with that of the rest of the wot id, and it is more
eo with those neighbors that are near and proxi-
mate than those who are far off. I believe that
this treaty, as has been shown by the tables which
have been exhibited, has been eminently wise and
salutary in its effect; that under it commerce has
grown up and prospered as it has in no other
country under heaven. Notwithstanding the vast
increase of free goods which we have sent to Can-
ada and Canada to us, the amount of duty-pay-
ing goods has increased at the same time; so that
all these millions are absolutely added to the com-
merce of the country by the operation of this re-
ciprocity treaty.
i hope, sir, that until somegentleman can point
out some gieat injury that has been wrought, or
has been threatened, or is in store for us, the
Senate will pause before passing the measure be-
fore it. I hope, at least, that it will not be rushed
through at this time. I hope that the Senate will
wait until they can hear from the city of New
York, which pays so very large a proportion of
the revenue collected from customs, and her mer-
chants who feel a lively and vital interest in this
matter, and who are now taking counsel upon it,
and will perhaps at a very eaily day be prepared
to suggest their views to the Senate upon it.
As 1 said at the commencement, 1 have not
given this subject, an claboiate examination.
When it came up it was not my purpose tu do it.
The most thatl wanted was delay that those who
were better able to present their views on the sub-
ject than I was might have an opportunity to be
heard; andJ am of the same opinion now. I
think that they should be heard upon it. There
certainly can be no reason for this haste. If the
notice is given, I believe a year must elapse be-
fore it will have its effect, and notwithstanding
we give the notice the treaty will exist for a year.
Does anybody suppose that the abrogation of
this treaty in this manner will have a tendency
to make these people listen favorably to any sug-
gestion of ours for another or a new treaty? I
believe not. The Committee on Commerce ofthe
House of Representatives not long ago made a
report on the subject, in which they made a sug-
gestion which I think is an eminently wise one,
and one winch I think should be listened to at
the present time. I desire to read an extract
from the report made in the House of Represent-
atives on this subject. The committee say:
"The Committee on Commerce believe with the Legts-
latuie of New York that <fice commercial intercourse be-
tween the United Suites and the Bnti^h North Ameucan
provinces and possessions, developing the mutual geo-
graphical ami other advantage* °f cach for the good of all,
is conducive to the present inteiest^ of each, and 1-. t'ue
proper basis of our intercourse foi nil time to come,' and that
such mcasuies should In: adopted as will !u!ly canv into
eflect the piineiples announced by the Ouii-li minic-tei at
Washington in 1H09, 1 ior tin: eonfiimation and expansion
ft!'free commercial relations between the United Slates and
the Butish province.*,' and to 4 iej ul.ite the commeice anil
navigation between her Majesty-?, possessions in Noith
Amenea and the United States in such manner as to render
tin: same reciprocally beneficial and satisfactory,' as was
intended and exploded by the treaty made between the
United States and Cheat Biitam, and commonly known as
the 1 reciprocity tiealy.'
tCThe Committee on Commeice would therefoie recom-
mend that tbtee cotmui^-nonei-. be appointed b> the Presi-
dent of the United States to eonter with prisons duly au-
thorized by Gieat (hitam in that behalf, with a view to
enlatging the basis oi'tho iotrnei treaty, and lor the lemo-
val of existing dillicultie-i."
If the treaty isimperfectand needs amendment,
that is the tiue, statesmanlike, Christian way of
amending it. I have no doubt that if this Gov-
ernment came forward in such a spirit and with
such a proposition, it would be leciproeated by
Great Biitnin. But if, on the other hand, smart-
ing as we now are under what we believe ,und
what we feel to be injustice on the part of these J
colonies, wercsoitto this, legislation at this time, ,
in this hour, under such impulses, it will tend to
increase and intensify all the bud feelings that have
unhappily existed; will, in fact, retard, if not render
utterly impossible, any future progress in the line
of reciprocity between these two countries. "For
these reasons, sir, i hope that the treaty will not
be abrogated.
Mr. SUMNER. The reciprocity treaty has a
beautiful name. It suggests at once exchange,
equality, equity; and it is because it was supposed
to advance these ideas practically that this treaty
was originally accepted by the people of the Uni-
ted States. If, however, it shall appear that while
organizing an exchange it forgets equality and
equity in any essential respect, then must a modi-
fication be made in conformity with just principles.
I mean to be brief, but I hope, though brief, to
make the proper conclusion apparent. It is a
question for reason and not for passion or senti-
ment, and in this spirit I enter upon the discussion.
The treaty may be seen under four different
heads, as it concerns, first, the fisheries*, second,
the navigation ofthe St. Lawrence; third, the com-
mcrcc between the United States and the British
provinces, and fourth, the revenue of the United
States.
1. The fisheries have been a source of anxiety
throughout our history, even from the beginning,
and for several years previous to the reciprocity
treaty they had been the occasion of mutual irri-
tation, verging at times on positive outbreak.
The treaty was followed by entire tranquillity,
which has not been for a moment disturbed. This
is a plain advantage which cannot be denied. But
so far as 1 have been able to examine official re-
turns, I do not find any further evidence showing
the value of the treaty in this connection, while j
opinions, even among those most interested in the
fisheries, are divided. There are pattisans for it
in Gloucester, and partisans against it in Maine, i'
if the treaty related exclusively to the fisher- jj
ies, 1 should not be willing to touch it. But the 1|
practical question is, whether the seeming advan- ij
tage in this respect is sufficient to counterbalance
the disadvantage in other respects. j;
2. Next comes the navigation of the St. Law-
rence. But this plausible concession has proved
to be little more than a name. It appears that
during the first six years of the treaty only forty
American vessels, containing 12,550 tons, passed
seaward through the St. Lawrence, and duiing the
same time only nineteen vessels, containing 5,446
tons, returned by the same open highway ! These
are very petty amounts when we consider the value
of the commerce on the lakes, which, in 1856, was
$587,197,320, or when we consider the carrying
trade between the United States and the British
provinces. Take the years 1857-62,, and we
shall find that duiing this period the shipping of
the United States which cleared for the British
provinces was 10,707,329 tons, and the foreign
shipping which cleared during this same period
was 7,391,399 tons, while the shipping of the
United States which entered at our custom-house
from the British provinces was 10,056,183 tons,
and the foreign shipping which entered was
6,453,520 tons. I mention these things by way
of contrast. In comparison with these grand
movements of value the business which we have
been able to do on the St. Lawrence seems to be
trivial. It need not be considered as an element
in the present discussion.
3. The treaty may be seen next in its bearings
on the commerce between the two countries. This
has increased immensely; but it is difficult tosay
how much of this increase is due to the treaty
and how much is due to the natural growth of
population, and the facilities of transportation in
both countries. If it could be traced exclusively
or in any large measure to the treaty, it would be
an element not to be disregarded. But it does not
follow from the occurrence of this increase afttr
the treaty that it w son account of the tieaiy.
Post hoc ergo propter hoc is too loose a rule forour
Government on the present occasion.
The census of the United States and of the
Bntish provinces will show an increase of popu-
lation which must not be disregarded in deter-
mining the ot igin of this increase of commerce.
Theie are also the railroads furnishing prompt
and constant means of intercommunication which
have come into successful operation only since
the treaty. It would be difficult to exaggeiate the
influence they have excrcised in quickening and
extending commerce. I cannot doubt that the
ruihoad system of the two countries has been in
itself a icciprocity treaty, more comprehensive
and equal than any written on parchment.
The extent of trade before and after the treaty
may be seen in a few figures.
In the three years immediately preceding the
treaty the total exports to Canada and the other
British provinces were $48,216,518, and the total
imports were $22,588,577; being of exports to im-
ports in the proportion of one hundred to forty-six.
In the ten years of the treaty the total exports
to Canada and the other Biitish provinces were
$256,350,931. The total imports were #200,399,786.
According to these amounts the exports were m
the proportion of one hundred to seventy-eight.
If we take Canada alone we shall find the change
in this proportion greater still. The total exports
to Canada in the three years immediately preced-
ing the treaty were $31,846,865, and the total iin-
poits were $16,589,624; being in the proportion
of o^ie hundred to fifty-two; while the total ex-
ports to Canada alone duiing the ten years of the
treaty were #170,371,911, and the total imports
were $>161,474,349, being in the proportion of one
hundied to ninety-four.
I present these tables simply to lay before you
the extent and nature of the change in the com-
merce between the two countries. But I forbear
embarking on the much-debated inquiry as to the
effect of a difference between the amount of ex-
ports andof imports, involving as it does the whole
perilous question ofthe balance of trade. In the
view which 1 take on the present occasion, it is
not necessary to consider it. The reciprocity
treaty cannot be maintained or overturned on any
contested piinciple of political economy.
4. I come, in the last place, to the influence of
the treaty on the revenue of our country; and here
the custom-house is our principal witness. The
means of determining this question will be found
in the authentic tables which have been published
from time to time in reports of the Tteasury,
and especially in the report made to Congress at
this session, which I have in my hand. *
