1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
Looking at these tables we find certain unan-
swerable points. I begin with an estimate founded
op the trade before the treaty. From thisitappears
that, if no treaty had been made, and the trade had
increased m the same ratio as before the treaty,
Canada would have paid to the United States in
the ten years of the treaty at least $16,373,880,
from which she has been relieved. This sum is
actually lost to the United States. In return Can-
ada has given up $2,650,890, being the amount it
would have collected, if no treaty had been made.
Here is a vast disproportion, to the detriment of
the United States.
Here is another illustration, derived from the
tables. During the ten years of the treaty the
United States have actually paid in duties to Can-
ada alone $16,802,962, while during this same pe-
riod Canada has paid in duties to the United States
the very moderate sum of $930,447. Here again
is a vast disproportion, to the detriment of the
United States.
The same inequality may be seen in another
way. During the ten years of the treaty dutiable
products of the United States have entered Can-
ada and the other provinces to the amount of
$83,347,019, while during this same period duti-
able products of Canada and the other provinces
have entered the United States only to the amount
of ^7,750,482. During this same period freepro-
ducl.s oi tiic United States have entered Canadannd
the other provinces to the amount of $118,853,972,
while free products of Canada and the other prov-
inces haveentered the United States to the amount
of $178,500,184. Here again is a vast dispropor-
tion, to the detriment of the United States.
Add to these various results the statement in
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, which
has been just laid on our tables, in the following
words:
"The treaty has ielca*ed tiom duty a total suin of
in value of goods of Canada more than of goods
tin; piotluce of the United States."—Foreign and Domestic
Commoce, 1^04, page 93.
This conclusion is in substantial harmony with
that which 1 had reached from an independent
examination of the tables.
From these various illustrations it is clear that
the revenue of the United States has suffered by
the treaty in question, and that in this important
paiticular its advantages have not been shared
rqually by the two countries. Here, at least, it
lo^os all title to its name.
But the onerous character of this treaty has be-
come manifest in other forms since the adoption
of our system of internal revenue. I need not
remind the Senate of the extent to which we have
gone in seeking out objects of excise, and now
there are various propositions still pending in the
same direction, seeking new objects; but it is no-
torious that such taxation is always graduated
with reference to the tariff on the same objects
when imported from abroad. But here the reci-
procity treaty steps forward with its imperative
veto. Thus, for instance, the lumber of our coun-
try is left fiee from excise, though 1 am assured
that it might well bear it, simply because no coun-
tervailing tax can be imposed upon lumber from
the British provinces. Had a tax of five per cent,
been imposed upon the lumber of our country, I
am assured from those familiar with the subject
that we should have received at least $5,000,000;
all of which is lost to our annual revenue. But
this is only a single illustration.
There are other ways in which the treaty and
our excise system come into conflict. Practical
difficulties, I am assured, have already occurred
in the bureau of internal revenue. But this con-
flict will be seen in the extent to which the busi-
ness of the country, and even us agriculture is
taxed now The farmer works now with taxed
tools. These considerations, with the increased
value of labor among us, must give new advanta-
ges to the productive interests of Canada as com-
pared with ours, and tend still further to the un-
equal operation of the treaty.
Mr. Ptesident, such is the result of a candid
inquiry into the operation of this treaty, as ltcon-
cerns the fisheries, the navigation of the St. Law-
rence, the commerce of the two countries, and the
revenue of the United States. I have kept noth-
ing back favorable to the treaty that could be ad-
equately stated in the brief space which I have
allowed myself, nor have I exaggerated its un-
equal operation.
And now the question is, shall this condition of
things be reconsidered? The treaty itself, as if
anticipating this exigency, furnishes the oppor-
tunity by expressly providing for its termination
at the expiration of ten years on notice of one
year from either party. Great Britain is free to
give this notice, so are the United States. Con-
sidering the present state of the country, it would
seem to be improvident not to give the notice.
We must husband our resources; nor can a for-
eign Government justly expect us to continue a
treaty which is a drain upon our revenue. In
every direction we are now turning for subjects
of taxation. Our own people are contributing in
every way largely. Commerce, manufactures
in every form, are obliged to come to the assist-
ance of the country. I know no leason why the
large amounts enfranchised by this treaty should
enjoy the immunity which has been thus far con-
ceded to them. An inequality which in ordinary
times would have escaped observation becomes
too apparent in the blaze of present responsibili-
ties.
Something has been said about accompanying '
the proposed notice with instructionsto negotiate a
new treaty. This is entirely unnecessary. A new
treaty may not be advisable. It is possible that
the whole matter may be settled by Congress
under general laws. In all events, there is a full
year from the 16th March next in which to pro-
vide a substitute, either by negotiation or by
legislation. And this remark is applicable to
the fisheries as well as to every other interest
touched by the treaty. I cannot doubt that the
two contracting parties will approach the whole
question in the determination to settle it on the per-
manent foundations of justice and equity; but the
first step in this direction is the notice to term-
inate the existing treaty.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, a persistent
effort has been made to excite hostility against the
reciprocity treaty, by enlarging upon the advan-
tages to Canada and the other British provinces
of North America under its third article, as if that
article, and the commercial exchanges which it
authorized, was the total scope of the negotiation
of 1854. We hear nothing, or next to nothing,
of the extension of our American rights in the
Newfoundland fisheries; nothing of the free navi-
gation secured to the western States both of the
lower channel of the St. Lawrence river and of
the ship canals of Canada; and yet, sir, these are
leading and vital provisions in favor of the United
States, and were the consideration rcceivedfor the
free exchange of natuial products across the north-
ern frontier of the United States, I-cannot think
that the discussion here or elsewhere transpiring
of late has fully considered the historical bear-
ings of this subject; and I propose to present a
simple narrative in response to the question, what
is the reciprocity treaty? In the answer to this
question 1 shall comprise nearly all that I desire
to urge in opposition to the resolution reported
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, which is
now before the Senate.
Mr. Pierce was inaugurated President in March,
1853. He was immediately confronted by a se-
rious dispute as to the rights of American fisher-
men upon the banks of Newfoundland and the
adjacent fishing grounds. At the conclusion of
the peace of 1783, the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain had secured to Ameri-
cans the same rights in the cod and mackerel fish-
eries of the northeast Atlantic coast which they
had possessed prior to the Revolution. After the
war of 1812 a controversy arose whether the stip-
ulations of 1783 upon the subject of the fisheries
were abrogated by that war. It resulted in the
convention of 1818, wheieby the general liberty
of taking and curing fish, although yielded by
Great Britain, was most seriously impaired by a
provision that the United States renounced for-
ever any liberty previously enjoyed or claimed
by the inhabitants thereof to take, dry, or cure
fish on or within three marine miles of any of the
coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors of the British
dominions, except certain districts of Newfound-
land and Labrador. Thecoloniesalways claimed,
and the English Government finally adopted the
construction, that these three marine miles were
to be measured from headland to headland, and
not from the coast line; while, on the American
side, it was contended that American fishermen
had a right to enter and fish in any of the bays
which indent the shores, provided they never ap-
proached for the purpose of taking fish wrtfrm
three marine miles ot the coast by which such
bays were encompassed.
The danger of collision, unavoidable from such,
a provision, culminated in 1853. In that year, as
Lord Elgin once said in a speech at Liverpool—
"A British admiral and an American commodore werfc
sailing on the coast with instructions founded upon oppo-
site conclusions, and a single indiscreet act on the part Of
one or the other of those naval officers woald have brought
on a conflict involving all the horrors of war."
President Pierce was from a region of the coun-
try deeply interested in the Newfoundland fishery,
himself regarding it as " apursuit connected to no
inconsiderable degree with our national prosper-
ity and strength;" and he was naturally solicit-
ous, while avoiding collision with England, to
restore the rights secured to our citizens by the
liberal treaty of 1783. This feeling prevailed in-
tensely among the people of New England. Mr.
Webster, on the 25th of July, 1852, said to his
• neighbors at Marshfield:
" The most important consequences are involved in this
matter. Our fisheries have been the very nurseries of our
Navy. If our flag-jjhips have met and conquered the en-
emy on tho sea, the fisheries are at the bottom of it. Tho
fisheries were, the seeds from which those glorious tri-
umphs were bom and spiung."
So much for the special interest of New Eng-
land, and the grave national complication which
its embarrassment involved. From an opposite
quarter, from the grain-growing Northwest, there
came simultaneously a most urgent demand for
tho free navigation of the river St. Lawrence
from its connection with the chain of great lakes
to the ocean. On the 2d of May, 1850, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Repre-
sentatives, A. W. Buell, of Michigan, J. A. Mc*
demand, of Illinois, andE. G. Spaulding,ofNew
York, presented §.n elaborate report, asserting the
natural right ofgreat inland communities, situated
upon the sources of a navigable river, to pursue
itschannel to the ocean without material obstruc-
tion from any community organized over the
mouth or lower sections of the stream, and asking
that the application of this principle to the St.
Lawrence might be the subject of concurrent legis-
lation or a treaty between*the United States and,
Great Britain, thus transferring a natural right tq
an international obligation. Others enlarged uporr
this recommendation, and no one with more elo-
quence that John A. Dix, while Senator from
New York. He said:
" T have no hesitation in predicting that ve^eh will be
laden with wheat at Chicago, (Jreen Bay, Detroit, ami
Cleveland, and unloaded at Liverpool. Ship-owners, pro-
ducers, all will be greatly benefited by this tiee conmieice,
which will have an advantage in avoiding tianslnpm«nt
between the point of embaikauon and the sea or the foreign
market."
It was evident long before 1854 that the free-
dom of the St. Lawrence, with all its immense
expansions into lakes, was inseparable from any
commercial treaty by or on behalf of the British
colonies with the United States.
As early as 1849 the British colonies on this
continent sought admission to American markets
with their products, which were then, as now,
almostexclusively agricultural, animals, and their
produce, or products of the forest, mines, and
fisheries. Great Britain,by the repeal of all dis-
criminations in favor of the importation of colo-
nial breadstuffs and lumber, and the surrender
of all revenue regulations by the colonies m favor
of British manufactures, had gone far to establish
the commercial independence of the provinces;
but there was no alternative after the home Gov-
ernment had definitely established Sir Robert
Peel's policy of 1846 repealing the com laws
Even the navigation acts were made to yield to
the new impulse, England proudly asserting her
ability to compete with the merchant marine of
the world, notwithstanding the commerce of
every port in her vast dominions, European and
colonial, was placed for the ships of all countries
upon the footing of an unrestricted coasting tiade.
Under such a change of circumstances our colo-
nial neighbors naturally sought to buy and sell
in Ameiican cities and manufacturing towns. Can-
ada came forward with an overture for the free
admission of certain articles, the natural produc-
tion of Canada and the United States, into each
country respectively; but Congress would not
entertain the proposition unless extended to the
other Atlantic provinces of England, and unless
it included an adjustment of the fishery dispute,
