208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11.
ami also a provision, in the interest of the north-
western States, for the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence.
•Thus the measure took the form of a tripartite
treaty, negotiated between William L. Marcy
and James, Earl of Elgin and Kincardine, con-
firmed by the Senate of the United States on the
5th of June, 1854, and passing into operation on
the lGth of March, 1855, It has since regulated
the commerce between the United States and the
provinces of Canada, New Brunswick, Nova
Scotia, Prince Edward's Island, and Newfound-
land; but the district occupied by the Hudson
Bay Company, now called Central British Amer-
ica, and the Pacific colonies of British Columbia
and Vancouver Island, were not included in the
treaty. I proceed with a brief review of its stip-
ulations.
The preamble expresses the mutual desire of
the contracting parties " to avoid further misun-
derstanding in regard to the extentof therightof
fishery on the coasts of British North America,"
and " to regulate the commerce and navigation
between their respective territories and people,
and more especially between her Majesty's pos-
sessions in North America and the United States
in such manner as to render the same recipro-
cally beneficial and satisfactory."
By the first article it was agieed that in addition
to the liberty secured to the United States fisher-
men by the convention of October 20, 1818, of
taking, curing, and drying fish on certain coasts
of the British North American colonies therein
defined, the inhabitants of the United States shall
have, in common with the subjects of her Britan-
nic Majesty, the liberty to take fish of every kind
except shell-fish on the sea-coasts and.shores, and
in the bays, harbors, and creeks of Canada, New
Brunswick,Nova Scotia, Puncc Edward's Island,
and of the several islands thereunto adjacent,
without being restricted to any distance from the
shore; with permission to land upon the coasts
and shores of those colonies and the islands there-
of, and also upon the Magdalen islands for the
purpose of drying their nets and niring their fish,
provided that in so doing they do not mteifero
With the rights of private property or British fish-
ermen in the peaceable use of any part of the said
coast in their occupancy for the same purpose.
This liberty was confined to the sea fishery, the
salmon anu shad fisheries, and all fisheries m riv-
ers and the mouths of livers being exclusively
reserved for British fishermen.
The second article extended the same right of
fishery to British subjects on the Amencan At-
lantic coast north of latitude 3C°.
The controversy in regard to the fisheries hav-
ing been thus adjusted, that branch of American
industry is seldom mentioned, but its commercial
and maritime impoitanee is steadily increasing.
The census of 1850 leturned $U,067,G35 as tiie
value for that year of the cod and mackerel fish-
eries of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
and Connecticut, while the census of lufiO shows
the product of that year to be $4,183,5(W. Sub-
ject the northeastern fisheiies and fishers to the
hazards and obstructions of the convention of
1818, Instead of the liberal provision of the. reci-
procity treaty, and the whole country would ling
again, as it did in 1853, v/itli the importance of
the fishing iutcrestnnd the wrongs ofall interested.
The navigation of the St. Lawrence and the
Canadian canals was the subject of the fourth
article, which is as follows:
"Ttia agreed tint the cili/ens and inhabitants of (lie
United titutes shall have lilt: n^ht to navi<;,ite the nver St.
Lawrence and the e.uials in Can.t'ia. u*ed as the means of
comunuucatin^ lu'tweun the si<>nr lakes and the Atlantic
ocean with tlielr ve^el.s. boau-.and ei alt^ as fully am! Ireelv
us tile subjects other Bulannie .-ubjeinonlv to the
t-ane1 kill* and ether ;Es=r>Mi]Ciirs a-, now .tie or may be
hereafter exacted of hei V! aje-iy''; said subjects."*
A similar light of navigating Lake Michigan
•was secured to British subjects. The Govern-
ment of the United States engaged to urge upon
the State governments to sccure to British sub-
jects the use of the several State canals on terms
of equality with the inhabitants of the United
States. And the province ofNcw Brunswick was
restrained from the levy of any export duty or
other duty on lumber or timber cut m the State
of Maine and shipped to the United States through
the river St. John.
The State canals have never been opened, to
British subjects as above suggested.
Theimportanceof the navigation of the St. Law-
rence, with its Canadian canalage, to the western
producer, is every year more apparent. The val-
ues which passed through the St. Lawrence from
the United States, (mostly western products,)
were $3,505,511 for 1861, and $5,198,920 for 1862.
The piessure of western transportation upon the
Welland canal is very great, inducing a discussion
of the policy of its enlargement; and as the min-
eral resources of Lake Superior are developed, an
Ottawa ship canal will probably be added to the
public works of Canada. The West needs them
all, and every additional avenue which national
or State enterprise can provide, including a ship
canal around the falls of Niagara, and from Os-
wego to Albany. Already ocean vessels are seen
not unficquentjy at the wharves of Detroit, Mil-
waukee, and Chicago; and unless Congress shall
deprive the Northwest of the undisputed'posses-
sion of its great natural water communication with
the Atlantic, the foreign commerce of the lake
coast is destined to a rapid and most auspicious
progress. I trust no selfish or scctional crusade
* will deprive the interior community I representof
these advantages.
And now we come to the provincial side of the
account current of reciprocity. The third article
of the treaty agrees that the following articles, be-
ing the growth and produce of the British col-
onies or the United States, shall be admitted into
each country respectively freeof duty: grain,flour,
and breadstuff's of all kinds; animals of all kinds;
fresh, smoked, and salted meats; cotton, wool,
seeds and vegetables; undiied fruits, dried fruits;
fish of all kinds; products of fish, and of all other
creatures living in the water; poultry, eggs; liides,
furs, skins, or tails undressed; stone oi marble in
its crude or unvvrou^litstate; stale; butter, cheese,
and tallow; lard, horns, manures; ores of metals
of all kinds; coal; pitch, tar, turpentine, ashes;
timber and lumber of all kinds, round, hewed,
sawed, unmanufactured, m whole or in part; fire-
wood; plants, shrubs, and trees; pelts, wool; fish
oil; rice, broomcorn,and bark; gypsum, ground
or unbound; hewn or wrought or unwrought
burr or grindstones; dyestufTs; flax, hemp, and
tow unmanufactured; unmanufactured tobacco;
rags.
1 checi fully admit, Mr. President, that our pro-
vincial neighbors have jeceived great and sub-
stantial benefits from the facilities of trade secured
by this article, but I deny, I entirely fail to per-
ceive, that wc have been in any sense losers. The
Register of the Treasury Department reports the
aggregate of exports from the United States to
Canada and other British possessions in North
America, from 1852 to 1860, inclusive, to be
$195,303,384, of which §140,393,956 have been
the growth or manufacture of the United States.
Dining the same peiiodof nine ycais (three be-
fore and six subsequent to the treaty) tho value
of imports into the United States from Biitish
America amounted to $135,555,671.
The couise of trade with Canada is fully illus-
trated by tables of statistics communicated at the
last session of Congress by the Secretary of the
Tieasury. They show an average export trade
to Canada of $16,826,797 for eight fiscal yeais fol-
lowing the foirnation of the lecipiocity treaty,
while the imports from Canada into the United
States for the same period show an average an-
nual value of $16,643,825. The Canadian move-
ment to American markets is almost exclusively
of natural productions, admitted free of duty,
while upon the imports from the United States to
Canada, largely consisting of manufactures and
foreign pioductions, the Canadian people have
been charged by their Government with an aver-
age taxation (by the collection of customs duties)
of $1,747,526 per annum.
As one result of the war, and the advance in
the prices of manufactured goods, our exports to
Canada are now mostly free of duty. We ex-
ported m 1863 from the United States into Can-
ada, $12,339,367 free of duty by the reciprocity
treaty, and 516,795,599 free of duty by Canadian
tariflT—an aggregate of $19,134,966. As the'
whole expectation from the United States into
Canada was §23,109,362, this leaves only $3,974,-
396 subject to the Canadian tariff, of which the !
value of £.1,855,690 was of articles not produced j
or manufactuied in the United States. In other j
words, while Canada admitted free of duty $19,- j
134,396 from the United States, the whole amount 1
of our products and manufactures which were
subject to taxation by the Canadian tariff was
$2,118,706. The average taxation being tsventy
per cent, the Canadian consumers paid $423,741
into the treasury of the province. The importa-
tions from Canada during 1863 were$20,050,432,
or an aggregate of trade with the United Slates of
#43,159,794.
1 will not extend these statistical statements.
They concur with my former impressions, as a
citizen of the Northwest, that the treaty is mutual
and beneficial. To repeat the language of a me-
moiial from the St. Paul Chamber of Commerce,
presented to the Senate January 27,1862:
"All parties tu the treaty have observed its stipulations
in good fattli. The Ameueans posses and enjoy their en-
larged rights in the Biitish fisheries on the northeastern
coast, and the free navigation of th" St. Lawience; neither
Government has interiupled the exchanges of the free list
presciibed by the thud, athcle ; while upon a subject prop-
el ly excluded from the provisions of the treaty—namely, the
tariffs of the United States and the adjacent piovinces in
respect to articles of manufaotme and foreign production—
there is no legitimate ground of complaint in any quarter.
Prior to 1861 the duties by the Canadian tariff wne eou-
sideiably eulaiged after l&5i> (from sixteen pci cent, to
twenty per cent, avernce ;) butreeently the Amencan .-cale
of duties has been advanced in a still gieater proportion.
In both cases the changes have been entorced by financial
necessity and do not conihct with the spit it or terms of the
treaty ol 1804."
With these views it seems to me that a recent
recommendation of the Detroit Board of Trade,
that the treaty should not be disturbed at this
time, but that the Department of State, or a joint
commission of the Governments 111 terested, should
proceed with a revision of existing stipulations,
is woithy of our consideration.
1 appreciate fully, Mr. President, our financial
necessities, but I doubt whether we shall largely
increase the revenue on the northern frontier by
substituting a duty of thirty per cent, ad! valorem,
or whatever may be the average of the piesent
tariff. Suppose we substitute a duty of five per
cent, upon the free list of the treaty, (or any rate
which will not materially restrict present com-
mercial inteicourse,) as might be readily stipu-
lated by a supplementary treaty, and observe its
effect upon the revenues during a period of five
yeais. 1 have an impression that we should re-
ceive far more revenue from such a minimum
duty than we would do under a duty six times
greater.
Nor can I agree with the opinion so confidently
advanced that the British provinces are entirely at
our merey in the matter of their communication
to advantageous markets. We may exclude them
by restrictive legislation from our cities and thor-
oughfares, we may subject their people to tempo-
raiy inconvenience, but under the federal union
now proposed of British America, and which is
certain to be accomplished, such a policy on our
part will force the speedy construction of a rail-
road to Halifax, and other measures of commer-
cial and industrial independence.
The State of Minnesota has repeatedly urged the
revision of the reciprocity treaty, but always in the
interest of further freedom, not additional restiic-
tions, of commercial intercourse. Such, if I mis-
take not, will be the public sentiment of our Pacific
States. As already stated, the present treaty is in-
operative west of the great lakes. Since its date the
provinces ofVaneouver Island and British Colum-
bia have been organized on the Pacific coast, and
are valuable extensions of the trade of California
and Oregon. All these communities should be rec-
ognized as parties to any commercial arrangement
between the United States and the English prov-
inces of North America. East of the mountains
the immense and fertile basin of the Saskatchawan
nver, whose sources are now ascertained to flow
from a gold-bearing region as productive as Brit-
ish Columbia or the adjacent American Territories
of Idaho and Montana, is soon to be the scene of
a systematic colonization from Canada and Eng-
land. This region, which, with the Red river
settlement, is becoming well known,and is desig-
nated as Central BiUish America, will be closely
related to Minnesota. The year 1866 will witness
the construction of a telegraph from St. Paul
through Selkiik settlement, the Saskatchawan val-
ley, and the Rocky'mountains, to the northern
boundaiy of British Columbia, destined at no dis-
tant date to be extended through Russian America
and connect with the line from St. Petersburg.
An emigrant route from Minnesota to the Sas-
katchawan and Cariboo gold fields will be imme*
