1865.
mi • o(wmmm¥m globe.
tend not to increase the enrollment, but rather to
create discontent and ill feeling more than, any
Other provision which could be embodied in theact.
The object of the people has been declared over
and over'again, and their.feelings in the contest
in which the nation is engaged. They are de-
terrawed. that the rebellion shall be put dow-111 but
I wish to suggest that this large class ofmen-liable
to entailment,.and who work- necessarily every
day, pjiy no hoed to the enactments of Congress,
..except as they are brought to. Cbsir notice-by .the
-'•newspapers. Will this add strength to the Army,
*,will it add to the good feeling -which prevails in
all the States, to provide that every.man who
\ehall willfully.and .knowingly negject to enroll
himself shall be liable to pay a fine? How will
. he prove the fact? He pleads notguilty;.and you
prove the fact that he has lived, a certain time in the
district, that he has voted, thathe was previously
enrolled under former acts; and as every man is
presumed to know the law, there is no means by
which he Qijii. escape conviction, because he can-
not prove a negative, and prove that he had not
read the act of Congress. Will it not, I suggest,
create trouble and excitement and injustice, rather
than result in any benefit?
, it is suggested to me that negroes are all liable
to enrollment, and they cannot read or write.
. That comes in as another illustration. The re-
sult will be injustice and dissatisfaction to parties
who are entirely willing to bear their part in sus-
taining the law and making others sustain it; but
for a mere neglect they ought not to be held to be
guilty of crime.
Mr. SCHENCIt. There would be force in the
remarks made bythe gentleman from New York
if it were not that he overlooks, as it seems to me,
although to some extent he commented upon those
words, the provision in the bill that the neglect or
refusal of the parties to return themselves for en-
rollment mustbe^ willful and knowing neglect or
refusal. It seems to me to be absolutely essen-
tial that we should go further than we have yet
gone to securea full,complete, and actual enroll-
ment of those subject to draft. While it may be
a hardship to the man subject to enrollment that
he is not permitted to escape, it really is none, for
every one owes personal service to the Govern-
ment. In favoring one, you may be doing injus-
tice to all the rest of the community in which he
lives. While it may be the interest of the party
not to perform his share of personal service, it is
on the other hand the inteiest of every othor in-
habitant of the community in which be lives that
every one liable shall go upon the list. I hold,
therefore, that it is a matter of justice that as com-
plete and perfect an enrollment as is possible should
be obtained in every district and sub-district.
Conceding that proposition, then the question
arises-whether we need any further legislation to
enable the officers to accomplish a more perfect
enrollment. I think we do, and the Committee
on Military Afftuis thought we did in introducing
this proposition. ,
Mr. NELSON. I agree with the gentleman,
of course, as to the object which we have in
view, but could it not be reached by a provision
requiring every person who knows of a person
subject to enrollment who is not enrolled to give
notice of that fact? Does it not strike the gentle-
man that there are thousands in the cities who
will innocently neglect to repwrt their names, and
how will they escape conviction?
Mr. ,SCHENCK. The committee thought this
an efficient way of compelling enrollment. It
operates directly upon each individual who knows
himself to be liable, to the performance of this duty.
It requires him, under penalties, to report him-
self. The gentleman says that persons may be
liable to punishment for not doing so when they
are perfectly innocent. I ,do not'think he allows
sufficient force to the words " knowingly and
willfully," when he makes that assertion. Of
course the burden of proof would be on the Gov-
ernment undertaking to convict a man of having
failed to enroll himself when he should have.done
so, to show that he knew he was liable to be en-
rolled. It would be fo'r the Government to show
that he had a willful purpose of saving himself
from enrollment before he could be subjected to
the penalties provided for. That is the reason
why the words "knowingly and willfully" were
inserted, in order to prevent the punishment of
innocent persons.
The gentleman [Mr. Nelson] has proposed a
substitute for this section by a motion suggesting
a different mode of proceeding. He asks why it
would not do to require every person who knows
of one liable to draft to report him. I think it
would be very invidious to require all the com-
munity to turn informers, while we refuse to act
upon the man himself whose duty it is to have
himself known as liable to draft. I think it is
much better to -compel the; man who is liable to
duty to give the proper information', rather than
to compel, by law, all the rfest of the community
to turn informers. The gentleman may move a
direct provision of that kind tp this section, and
perhaps it may meet the sense of the House. But
1 very much doubt that it would answer as well
the purpose, or whether it would be as just in
principle as that proposed in the section.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the section
by striking out the word " ten" and inserting the
word "thirty;" so that it will read:
And any person wlio for thirty days lias been so liable to
he enrolled, and shall willfully and knowingly neglect or
refuse to report himself for enrollment, slmli be deemed
guilty of a miademeanor, and sliail- be subject to a fine of
$100.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of opposing the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ganson] so as to
suggest my view in reference to the original mo-
tion submitted by the other gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Nelson.] 1 fear that this section, if
incorporated in the bill, will make the enrollment
system very offensive. It is true that no person
could be convicted under the section unless the
Government could show that his failure to enroll
himself was willful and knowing. But every per-
son who fails so to enroll himself will be, under
the provisions of this section, liable to indictment.
We must liaverand doubtless will have, scores of
men in every district in the country who will not
be informed of what the law requires them to do;
and every man who, because of that want of
knowledge may fail to enroll himself will be liable
to indictment, so that we will have indictments
pending in the courts of the United Statesagainst
persons in every neighborhood throughout the
whole country. The tendency of it will be to
dissatisfy the people with the system which we
have adrpted for filling up the Army. I think
that ourfirst care should'be, inasmuch asthesys-
tem itself is a hardship, to put it in such form as
will render it as little burdensome to the people
as possible, as palatable as possible, ltisavery
bitter pill to a great fiartof the people, and should
have a sugar coat on it. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Nelson] will prevail, and that the section
will be struck out.
Mr. GANSON. I withdraw the amendment
to the section.
Mr. KERNAN. I renew it. I fear that the
effect of this section will not be to add to the
strength of the Army or to the perfection of the
enrollment. Indeed I think we will get more
men in the dock and the jail than we will get in
the Army. 1 do not believe that the performance
of such a duty can be enforced by indictment and
penalty. I therefore hope that the motion to
strike out the section will prevail. I wish to
suggest, what must have suggested itself to any
gentleman who has attended our United States
courts since the great number of penalties im-
posed by the internal revenue law, that a great
number of cases will be brought before the" courts
with a view to make fees for the deputy mar-
shals rather than with a view to punish offend-
ers. I think that under this section every dep-
uty marshal would be able to get up prosecu-
tions and greatly increase the expense of the
administration of the law. But I do not see that
you will get any considerable number added to
the enrollment list by this section. There will be
great dissatisfaction; a great many innocent men
will omit to report themselves, and I do not he-
lieve that it will remedy whatever difficulties
now exist. Indeed, if the enrolling officers in the
enrollment districts, which are small ones, are
required to perform their duties, there will be no
difficulty in getting an accurate enrollment, par-
ticularly as it is the interest of every man wliose
name is on the list to give information of those
whose names are not down in order to lessen the
chances against him.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say but few-
words upon this point. Of course, unless it will
increase the Army without increasing the trouble
of executing the law, then this is a bad section.
But what are the difficulties how? I would call
to the attention of the gentleman from Iowa,£Mr.
Wilson,] who made the point, that it would,l^e
difficult and troublesome to Execute this lawj'th^t
probably the most unpopular provision in the
whole enrollment bill of the last summer, that
which caused the mostcbmplaint, the most heart-
burning among, the people, was this: thai' when
a draft was ordered m any community, and; t^ie
men ran out of the way or dodged, the enrollment
anddidnotappear,so that the Government could
not get hold of them, the provost marshal imme-
diately 'ordered another draft. Instead of seeking
out and arresting the deserter, or bringing up the
drafted man who did not come when drafted,,®
new man was taken ill his place, a|id the result
was that honest, willing, and loyal men who re-
mained at home and took the chances of the draft
had to bear additional burdens m consequence of
rascals who escaped. That made more discontent
and complaint against the Government than any-
thing else in the last draft.
The gentleman who has just taken his seat says
the sub-districts are small. I remind him that
the sub-divisions are of congressional districts;
many of them in some parts of the country coyer
fifteen, sixteen, and eighteen counties,and cover
a very wide range of country ; and unless the law
makes it obligatory for a man to report himself
for enrollment it will be impossible to get an
accurate enrollment. 1 think the section is care-
fully guarded, and no man need be punished un-
less he purposely avoids the duties imposed upon
him by the law.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I would like
to ask the gentleman one question. I believe it
is a well-settled principle ©f law that no man can
plead ignorance of the law. 1 understand the
argument of the gentleman to be that he can be
excused if he pleads ignorance of this law, or that
he does not understand it. „
Mr.GARFIELD. 1 did notsay so. I think if
anything isuniversally understood in this country
it is that there is such a thing as a draft, and that
men within certain ages are liable to the draft.
No ignorance can be pleaded upon that point.
. In regard to this section I would say that we
might very readily have put-this matter into tl)e
hands of the military authorities, and let,the man
not reporting himself as here required be tried by a
military court. But we thought there was already
too much jealousy of military courts, and we,
therefore, proposed to leave the matter to be tried
by the civil authorities. For my own part, I do not
think theie will be a dozen trials to be had in the
United States under the draft if this section is
adopted, and I do not believe thata very large num-
ber of the persons who now seek to escape the
enrollment would report themselves, or at least
not seek to keep themselves out of the way of the
enrolling officer. If thisisa hardship,asgentle-
men say, then let us seek to make it as little of a
hardship as possible.
Mr. KERNAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. While 1 am inclined to believe,
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
although he seems to urge it, that it would be a -
severe measure to require a man to come forward
voluntarily and report himselfforenrollmentand
draft; yet 1 think it would be but right to punish
any willful and knowing avoidance of the enroll-
ment and draft. I therefore mpve to amend this
first section by striking out the words " neglect
or refuse to report himself for," and insert the
word " avoid." So that the section will then read,
" and any person who for ten days has been so
liable to be enrolled,and shall willfully andknow-
ingly avoid enrollment^ shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor," &c. It seems to me that it is
sufficient to ask of persons who are subject to
draft that they shall stand still and allow the
officers of the Government to look them up &nd
enroll them, and punish them if they are guilty of
any means or devices to avoid the performance
of that duty on the part of the officers appointed
for that purpose.
The gentleman flom Ohio seemed to argue that
this section would impose a penalty upon those
only who willfully and knowingly seek to avoid
enrollment; but that is not the,readingof the sec-
