THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1865.
New Series No. 14:.
diately established, indicating the track ofa future
international railway; while a new and vigorous
policy is announced by the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, promising all possible encouragement of
settlements and representative institutions in dis-
tricts hitherto excluded from the world. Central
British America will seek close trade and commu-
nications with the United States. Why multiply
barriers and restrictions against our commercial
intercourse in that direction?
The Committee on Foreign Relations have sug-
gested on the face of the resolution now pending
an additional reason for the postponement of this
subject. They have embodied in the terms of
their resolution a declaration that the reciprocity
treaty went into operation, " took effect," on the
16th of March, 1855. 1 accept the authoritative
declaration of the committee. Then I turn to the
fifth article and find a stipulation that—
« The treaty slml! remain in force for ten years from the
date at which it may come [came] into operation, and
further, until the expiration of twelve months attcr either
of the high contracting parties shall give notice to the
other ot its wish to terminate the same; each of the high
contraeiiuji paitico b.enig at libeity to give such notice to
the otiiei at the end of the said term of ten years, or at any
time afterwards.'-*
I assume, Mr. President, that the concurrence
of both Houses of Congress and the approval of
the President, as usual in legislation, are essen-
tial to constitute the evidence ofa" wish" by the
United States " to terminate the treaty," and that
the " notice" above referred to would doubtless
consist of an authenticated copy or an equivalent
recital of the resolution which Congress had
adopted. The date of such a resolution is there-
fore a matter of importance; it is the period of
time when the " notice" is actually given. If the
day upon which the Government of the United
States, as one of the high contracting parties, con-
curs in the final passage or adoption of a resolu-
tion of abrogation (or the expression of such a
wish) be neither the term of " ten years from the
date at which the treaty went into operation" or
the 16th of March, 1855, are Senators certain that
we are not violating the obligation of a treaty?
We arc at liberty to give such notice on the 16th
of March, 1865—so says the fifth article—" or at
any time afterward." The implication is una-
voidable that we are restrained fiom doing so pre-
viously. It matters not that the ministerial act of
the President is after the 16th of March, 1305—
the act of notice, the expression by this Govern-
ment of its wish and determination will be before
that date, and therefore premature and a violation
of a treaty obligation.
For this reason, Mr. President, and on account
of the general considerations of public policy to
which I have adverted, I am opposed to the res-
olution in its present shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will not detain the Senate
by any extended remarks on this subject, because
I have not investigated it as carefully as probably
I ought to do if 1 attempt to instruct the Senate
upon it. My vote shall be controlled by one idea
alone; and that is that it is now the interest of
the United States, in a pecuniary sense, to termi-
nate this treaty, if we have the right to do so
under the treaty, and under the temporary ar-
rangement made between the two Governments.
The treaty gives us the right to terminate it in
about a year from now, and upon the present
condition of facts as they exist in the United
States it is plainly and manifestly the interest of
the United Slates to terminate that treaty.
Nations in their commercial intercourse are
always governed by their interests, and especially
is this so with Great Britain. It is admitted to
be so by all her distinguished statesmen. She
has always been guided by herinterests as a na-
tion, precisely as an individual in the ordinary
affairs of,life would be guided by his interests.
They established for a long time a system of ex-
clusive legislation and tauff laws. They have
now adopted a system of fiee trade. Ail their
laws on the subject of tariffs, and all their com-
mercial regulations, have been based upon their
own interests; and they cannot object to us if in
14
pursuance of the treaty with them we should now
adopt a policy to carry out our own interests.
When the reciprocity treaty was adopted in
1855, there was then a state of things existing
along the border which induced both parties to
cultivate kindly relations and the exchange of
commodities between them. I have nodoubtthat
Great Britain got a great deal the best of the bar-
gain, especially in the schedule of articles named
which should be exchanged free of duty. The
treaty has operated from the beginning against
our interests; and it can be plainly demonstrated
by the tables which are furnished by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, that from the beginning our
trade has fallen off and theirs increased, compar-
atively. I have here a single statement which
will show that very clearly:
" The amount of coods exported to Canada in 185o, sub-
ject to duty, was $11,449,473, and in 1862 no more than
$6,128,783."
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him where he gets that statement from?
Mr. SHERMAN. I read that statement from
a specch made by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, a
year ago in the House of Representatives on this
subject.
Mr. HALE. I want to remind the Senator that
in 1855, when it was $11,000,000, half that time
or nearly half, there was no reciprocity treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 take 1855 as the first year
before the reciprocity treaty. Our exports then
amounted to over $11,000,000, and since that time,
in 18G2, they had itillen off to $0,000,000. These
tables are taken, Mr. Morrill says, and he is
very accurate on the subject, from the official state-
ment; and I find them more convenient to refer to
m his speech. The tieaty also operates very in-
juriously to us in many respects. Take, for in-
stance, this statement:
"Canadian tables show that for eight years, from 1855 to
1862 inclusive, an aveiaqe of $D,34U,G00 of our exports to
Canada paid duty, and §10,720,000 were free."
While the goods we receive from Canada come
to us duty free, except to a very insignificant
amount, they charge us duty on more than half
of what we send to them. Can that be said to be
reciprocal ? Our exports and our imports, our
trade with Canada is about equal; we send to them
nearly as much as they send to us, but they
charge us duties on one half of what we send to
them. We substantially admit all that they send
us free. Such a statement as that—and it cannot
be gainsaid and cannot be denied—shows that the
treaty is unequal, and that there is no reciprocity
in it.
But, Mr. President, 1 do not base my vote upon
this question upon the trade as it existed when
the treaty was made. 1 have nothing to say as
to the wisdom of the treaty. But it is manifest
that now in the present condition of affairs this
treaty is to our injury. We are compelled now
to increase our revenue agents along the lakes
moie than treble. We are compelled to establish
a cordon of posts from the Atlantic coast clear
across the continent to prevent smuggling from
Canada. We are compelled to increase more than
tenfold the expense of the collcction of customs
on the border by the multiplicity of our agents.
We are compelled to establish this whole system
without receiving one ccnt for it. The duties we
levy upon colonial produce will not pay one tenth
of the expense of our cordon of posts along the
line to prevent smuggling. Only the other day
the Senate and Congress passed a bill appropri-
ating §1,000,000 to provide revenue cutters to pre-
vent smuggling from Canada; and yet our duties
levied on our commerce with Canada will not prob-
ably pay this year $100,000. I do not give the
figures accurately. I only give them generally.
Under these circumstances, as we are involved
in war, when we are compelled, in order to pre-
vent smuggling from Canada, to establish a cor-
don of posts, a line of custom-house officers, and
increase our revenue agents, it seems to mc we
ought to levy corresponding duties, so that at
least our duties on our trade with Canada will
pay the expenses we incur.
  1 Ill 11,1 IIH1."":. liJl'J'U1
But there is another consideration. We have
necessarily adopted a system of internal taxation.
The reciprocity treaty is entirely inconsistent with
our present internal taxation. It is an express
discrimination against our own industry. The
farmer in the West is compelled to pay an iiroome
tax; he is compelled to pay a large tax on the trans-
portation of his produce; he is compelled to pay
tax in various forms on every commodity he con-
sumes and on everything he raises; while by our
treaty with Great Britain all the products of Can-
ada come into our markets free of this duty. While
this treaty stands it is a discrimination against
every farmer and every mechanic and every in-
dustrial interest of the western States. The farmer
in Canada may raise his grain and produce and
send it to our markets free of duty, and it pays no
tax. We cannot reach their railroads; we cannot
tax their transportation; we cannot affect them in
the least; and yet every interest of our farmers is
taxed. It is manifest, therefore, that while we
maintain our present system of internal taxation
the reciprocity treaty isadirect benefitto the Cana-
dian producer, farmer, and mechanic, and it is a
discrimination against our own farmers and me-
chanics. Itseems to me, therefore, for this reason
alone, if there were no other, that this treaty ought
to fall, or at least ought to be suspended until the
time may come when we may abandon the system
of internal taxation.
Cases are occurring along the border—I am so
informed by persons who are very intelligent—
of the gieatest hardship. Wc formerly exported
into Canada a large amount of manufactured to-
bacco. It was more convenient to be made here
and sent over there. I believe the exportation
before the war was something like four or five
million dollars. That whole exportation has
ceased, or at least it has fallen off until it is now
less than a million. While we send across the
line tobacco in the leaf, it is manufactured in Can-
ada and it is smuggled back into our own country,
thus evading the very heavy tax we put on to-
bacco. I am told that a single little vessel cross-
ing the narrow streams that divide us and Canada
may bring back into our country enough tobacco
made from our own leaf, the duty on which would
amount to $100. The tax on some kinds of man-
ufactured tobacco is thirty-five cents a pound; so
thjit a smuggler, or an Indian trader, in a light
canoe running across the border, may in a single
hour cheat the Government out of an internal tux
of at least one or two hundred dollars.
Take also the case of whisky. We expect to
derive a very large revenue from whisky. We send
over our corn to Canada free of duty. Itis there
manufactured into whisky; and being an article
of small bulk, it may be put into vessels and
brought back to us, smuggled in, and it comes in
substantially free of duty. In consequence of this
system tobacco, whisky, and many other articles
are manufactured in Canada merely for thej>ur-
pose of being smuggled into the United States. It
is plain that that system of commercial relations
ought not to exist. It is against our interest, and
we should not and ought not to tolerate it. With-
out extending the discussion of this question any
further, it seems to me plain and manifest that it
is our interest to abrogate this treaty, and either
to make another or at least to postpone a recipro-
city treaty for some future day. I shall therefore
vote for this resolution with great pleasure.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
desire to occupy the time of the Senate at much
length. I have, however, some views about this
treaty which, perhaps, do not exactly fall within
the remarks of any gentleman who has spoken
upon it. I have been somewhat conversant with
the history of the treaty. I had occasion to be.
I know that many efforts were made by the Cana-
dian people to secure this treaty from the United
States which were unsuccessful. 1 know why
they were unsuccessful. I know that this treaty
was finally made, and I think I know why it was
made.
In the first place, I wish to have it understood
that for myself I am utterly opposed to the reg-
