210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
ultuing of duties or imports by a treaty in any
case, whatever. 1 think it at war with the theory
of ourGovernment. When the Constitution pro-
vides that bills for raising revenue shall originate
in the House of Representatives, no measure reg-
ulating revenues should originate any where else;
and all treaties made with a view to shape that
revenue, to my mind, are contrary to that pro-
vision of the Constitution. I do not mean to be
understood as saying that if a treaty is made
which provides that it shall be adopted by law to
go into effect, and that law is made agreeably to
the treaty making the duties, that that law is not
constitutional; but I object to that mode of in-
itiating such measures. I object utterly to the
House of-Representatives ever being invited by
the treaty-making power to throw out of their
control and out of their reach the shaping of their
tariff duties as the circumstances of the country
may require them. They should be held in the
hands of Congress. The exigencies of times de-
mand it. It should always be there. If we make
a treaty providing for duties and discriminations,
and even if the House and Senate pass a law pur-
suant to it, do you not perceive that the House
have their hands tied up while that treaty lasts?
They cannot repeal that treaty and make a new
one whatever may be the exigencies of the coun-
try. The honorable Senator from Ohio has very
well remarked how we are embarrassed now in
relation to our internal duties, which the exigen-
cies of the time require, by the operation of this
very treaty. Itis to me a matter of astonishment,
and always has been, that any House of Repre-
sentatives ever could be found that would agree
to tie up their hands in that way; but they have
done it by this treaty, and I think the sooner we
get rid of it the better; and I hope that by the
lesson which this teaches us we shall be sure to
guard against its repetition.
It was that reason which governed my mind,
when I had the honor to be in the Cabinet of the
country, in rejecting altogether nnjPproposition
of a treaty of this character; and I believe the
sentiment of the Cabinet at that time was unam-
- mouaon the subject. I know that when it was
talked ofthen m conversation with southern friends
they were entirely unwilling on policy to make
such a treaty, on the ground that they did not wish
the Canadian productions to compete with their
own in our market. They had sense enough,as
we all have, I apprehend, to see that you could
not go and make an advantageous or reciprocal
bargain with Canada by agreeing to givo them the
market of this country of thirty million people
for the purpose of our getting their market of three
million people for the same productions; for they
produce the same things we do, with the exception
of cotton, I believe. Those articles enumerated
in the treaty that are to be passed free of duty are
the common productions of the two countries. We
open to them a market of thirty million people, and
they give us a market of three million. What sort
of reciprocity is that?
I have said that southern gentlemen with whom
I talked on the subject understood that as well as
we did. But how came it about that they ever
agreed to it afterward when they were in power?
1 think I understood the reason. There had been
a great deal of restlessness and uneasiness in the
people of Canada for a long number of years.
There are some elements of that to be found in the
French population there at all times; but it had
been increasing and had led to open outbreaks in
most of them. Much of that was to be asciibed
.to this feeling: "Wo are crippled; we have no
market for our products; they are taxed in going
the United States so much that we can not com-
pete there; they do not mean to have foreigners
compete in their own market against their own
people, iujd therefore we cannot make a maiket
there; and as to England, sincc she got rid of her
navigation acts and entered upon the system of
free trade, we get no advantage from being colo-
nies of England at all; her markets are open to
All the world, and we have no advantage in being
colonies. We are cut off and competed with there
by the United States productions, and yet we
cannot compete in the United States." Well
might they complain, for they were penned up in
that way.. That was their condition. They were
restless under it; and a very extensive feeling of
a desire of annexation to the United States pre-
vailed in Canada. It is very well known. Was
it not the policy of England to quiet that feeling
if she could? Was it not to the advantage of
Canada to get a market of thirty million peo-
ple here without paying any duties? Certainly.
If you could give to Canada a treaty of that kind
by which the people of that country might have
all the advantage of our market, and not pay any-
thing to our Government, would they not be con-
tent then with their situation? Of course they
would. And, sir, from the date of this treaty you
have never heard of a whisper of discontent in
Canada. They can have the whole sweep of our
markets, all the advantages of this Government,
without contributing a cent for its support. That
is their condition. '
I remember well that on one occasion here after
the making of the treaty, and soon after I had
the honor of a seat in this body, when this ques-
tion came up collaterally, I plainly stated that
that was the motive with which that treaty had
been made; that it had been madewith a view to
quiet the people of Canada and prevent their an-
nexation to the North, which might disturb the
" balance of power" of our southern friends, and
Mr. Toombs, then sittingon the other side of the
Chamber, bowed very low to me and said, "We
have got the treaty; they have been quieted."
• These remarks will show what was the his-
tory of it; how it came to be made, in my opinion;
why it was made by those who were then in power.
It was made for the motives and purposes which
I have thus explained, and which they never
thought of denying:. Indeed they thought the
ingenuity with which they had concocted it was
rather a feather in their cap.
I acknowledge that I have some prejudice
against this treaty. I am a little situated as my
old neighbor Judge Chipmnn was when he was
called upon to testify whether a certain witness
was a man of truth. He said he was not. He
was then asked, " Sir, are you not conscious that
you labor under a prejudice against that man?"
lie answered, u f think it likely that I am; I have
detected him stealing two or three limes." [Laugh-
ter.] 1 am much jn that condition about this
treaty.
As to the operation of the treaty itself, I do not
think that a man living in a State contiguous to
the border and having intercourse with it, as I
have had, can be mistaken or need any tables
about it. He does not. need any of these statis-
tics. We know—the tables so state-^-that under
this reciprocity treaty they have taken from us in
eight years about $70,000,000, while we have
taken of those very same articles from that three
million people to the amount of §114,000,000.
I wish to be exact m my statement. The amount
received by them under the treaty free of duty
since it went into operation was $73,000,000, and
the amount received by us from them $115,000,000;
and yet we had thirty million people to produce
and they had but three million.
Sir, the treaty has been an embarrassment of
things here at ail times, in every respect. Take
an illustration of this kind, for instance: a very
large tax is collected in England to a heavy amount
on hops; we arc now compelled to look to every-
thing we can lay our hands upon in the way of
taxation in our present necessities; why do we
not lay a duty upon hops? They raise a very
heavy amount in excise in England in that way.
Ask the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and he will tell you that you cannot lay a duty
on hops because the Canadian hops are in the
way. That is one illustration; butl mightgoon
with a great variety. You cannot lay a duty on
hops because our farmers are borne down already
with their reciprocity treaty with Canada and the
price of labor, changing as it does. Sir, it is high
time we were rid of it.
Mr. President, I ought here to say in justifi-
cation of myself that I shall not vote for the re-
peal of the reciprocity treaty from any feeling of
resentment at the present moment, though there
has been much occasion for it; because in my
State there has been but one opinion about it all
the time. They have seen and know its opera-
tion there, and there has been but one opinion
of it. I believe our State Legislature some time
since passed a resolution directing us to endeavor
to get this reciprocity treaty ended.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will pardon me
for a moment^ J should like to be informed how
early the Legislature of Vermont did that?
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannotfix the date now;
it has escaped my memory; but it was more than
two or three years ago. It has not been since
these difficulties commenced.
Mr. FOOT. The sentiment of our State was
against it long before this war commenced.
Mr. COLLAMER. Oh, yes; it has nothing
to do with the present temporary excitement of
the.border. That has all occurred within a year,
anil the Legislature was not sitting then, and they
could not pass any resolutions in consequence of
that.
Now, sir, in relation to the fisheries, I do not
so well understand that subject as the people of
Maine do, and they will speak better on that sub-
ject than I can. I do not live near the fisheries;
I live in the interior, though not quite so far, 1
believe, as the honorable Senator from Minnesota,
who has spoken about it. But so far as I can
hear, although all the collectors of the ports on
the coast as low down as Connecticut have been
written to on this subject, I believe there was but
one single report that objected to the termination
of the treaty, and that was from Gloucester. I be-
lieve Gloucester entertained some different senti-
ment about it; but I believe that was the only
exception. Sir, can it be possible that the Cana-
dians, with their fisheries and their fishermen on
the giound fishing right at their door, with the
right to send their fish to our market, we having
agreed to give them the whole market of America
free, do not have an advantage over our fisher-
men, who have to go in vessels far up that coast
and bring them home, and who can only sell them
by paying duties at least upon the salt which they
have to carry out with which to salt the fish ? The
Canadians can bring their fish here free of duty
and free of taxes. AH the expenses of shipping,
all the expenses of the outfit and title, and every-
thing of that kind, rest on the American and not
on the Labrador man.
The same is true with regard to lumber, for
instance. Can our friends of Maine, or in the
western country, compete with these people at
the present price of labor, &c., in Ameiicn,when
they bring lumber here free of duty from Nova
Scotia and Canada? Why, sir, it is impossible.
But in relation to the fisheries, I would ask how
many fish do you suppose our people have sold
to the Canadians? I have not the means of know-
ing. But do you think it is a very good bargain
for a Yankee and a trailer to say to them, " Yuu
may bring here all the fish you catch on the coast
of Labrador, Newfoundland, and everywhere
else free of duty if you let us carry our fish to you
free of duty?" Of course they agree to that, and
they will bring their fish here; but we never car-
ried one there, and never will.
A word about the navigation of the St. Law-
rence. It has been my misfoi tune to know some-
thing about it. In the first placcl Will say that the
navigation of the St. Lawrence is not good for any-
thing to anybody, and never was. It is frozen up
six months in the year, to begin with; and m the
next place it is so dangerous from the icebergs
which form off the Gulf of St. Lawrence that I
believe the Canadians have lost no less than five
of their steamers within the last three years, and
the rate of insurance is from one to two per cent,
higher there than from any other port in America,
and always has been. They themselves are hard
at work subsidizing our friends in Maine to let
them have the use of a railroad to get away from
the St. Lawrence. How is a trader depending
upon the navigation of the St. Lawrence for for-
eign goods, by winch he can only get them once
a year, going to compete with a man sitting light
down beside him, who bungs his goods thiough
the United States, and can get them once in three
months? He has got to furnish his whole stock
for one year, and lay it by, because he cannot be
supplied but once a year. The truth is, this nav-
igation is not fit for anything. I know they have
sent out a few ships from the western country.
They thought it would be valuable. I did not
believe it would be of any value then, and I dc 
not believe it now. Very few of these vessels
have ever come back.
Something has been said about the use of the
canals on the river; that is, by the Niagara and
the Welland canal,and thus down the river. The
treaty gives us the navigation of those canals, or
rather it does nor give it, but says we are to have
it on the same terms with their people; that if?,
