THE CONGRESSKMAE GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1865.
New Series Isfo. i
tem has become simply a process of bounty jump-
ing and bounty swindling throughout the coun-
try. It demands more than the ingenuity even
o£<he chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs to prevent these creatures from battening
upon their fellow-citizens. And yet the gentle-
man proposes to place this matter in the hands
of the men whom I wish to oppose here, because
they have exercised the powers conceded to them
tyrannically. I believe that the class of men who
have been appointed as provost marshals through-
out this country, with many exceptions, perhaps,
but as a general rule, have been the subservient
tools of the Secretary of War.
1 believe that the system of centralized military
power organized under this bill would sap the
foundations of our Government. I believe that
every effort to remedy it would but perpetuate
the evil and the error inherent in this bill and the
system it establishes. I make no factious oppo-
sition here. 1 court nothing but an open debate
and consideration of this subject; and it seems to
me that the chairman of the Military Committee,
knowing and anticipating the position of the able
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means5
has rather dodged a full debate. I recognize, sir,
the apology which he made for limiting debate to
ten minutes; but it wa% done with a perfect knowl-
edge on his part of the advantage of his position
under such an arrangement.
Sir, a bill of this character, involving as it does
the depth and breadth of American liberty and
individual rights of every American citizen, can-
not be discussed section by section without the
extraordinary acumen possessed by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs who framed
the bill, and whose knowledge of tactics has been
heretofore manifested in his management of troops
in the field. There is aclass of distinguished sol-
diers who have left the field of glory for the cu-
pola of safety, and who now make it a matter of
boast that they are no longer soldiers. [Cries of
" Name 1" " Name !"] Sir, we might have hoped
that men of this class, who have carried the rank
and file of our Army into points of danger, would
have better appreciated their position before the
country when victory is crowning those who fol-
lowed after them,and when the cannon is baying
forth the victory of the soldiers they once led.
Sir, the crying evil of this whole system is based
upon the very fact which has been alluded to in
this debate; it is owing to the system inaugurated !
by the partisan leaders of this Administration,
which commissions as brigadiers men who are
utterly ignorant of military science and even un-
schooled in the knowledge of rnihua training, and
who lead their fellow-citizens to speedy death,to
the dishonor of their country.
The proper and available means of filling the
ranks have been neglected and unfit and incapable
officers have been allowed to act in responsible
positions. The confidence of the soldier in his
superior and of the citizen in his Government
have been lost by the reckless practices and par-
tizan policy of the republican leaders. We have
but to take the record of the promotions to high
commands from the beginning of the war to the
present. It is not my object to assail individu-
als. The system is at fault. Let the system
bear witness against those who abuse it, if it be
good, or let thesystembe improved lfthefault lie
at its door. Do not perpetuate error and evil in
. face of the terrible array ofconsequences known
to every one who reads.
A clear and good example of the evils of the
policy of the Administration exists in the bad re-
sults produced by catering to the ambition and kin-
dred virtues peculiar to the political swashbuck-
lers, Bobadils, Falstaffs, Bardolphs, Nyms, and
ancient Pistols; who traffickedm the military favor
and prejudices of the people to secure for them-
selves the rank of brigadier, armed and equipped
as the law directs, ignorant of tactics, swelled with
the afflatus that rises in the rear "of the pomp and
circumstance of glorious war." The brigadier
volunteers in embryo, raised zealously and well,
no doubt, regiment upon regiment, which they
62
offered to the Administration in exchange for a
commission for themselves. Some, but not all of
these, were generals and colonels in buckram, and
never led their men into battle; others did lead
their commands to distinction and extinction; or
wasted the military resources of the country in a
vain but crazy attempt to become heroes. Many
of those have happily relinquished the sword for
the gown, the pen, the plowshare, and politics.
They have left the Army for the Army's good, to
the true soldiers who learned their duty in the field
or rose from the ranks. The influence of such
men has been injurious to the service, not only
among the officers, but among the men, and has
been one of the prime causes of a lack of zeal
among the people to enter the Army under the dif-
ferent calls for troops.
Let the regular establishment be filled up to its
standard befoie this cruel system of draft is again
and again resorted to. The people look with
horror at its injustice. It paralyzes the energies
of our mechanical, agricultural, and commercial
industry, and almost depopulates certain districts
of their male inhabitants.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose
the amendment. I agree with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]and am opposed to
this whole bill upon the ground that there is suffi-
cient legislation already to enroll and call out all
the necessary force to put down this rebellion.
Why should we now, in this time of prosperity,
when the armies of the Government are success-
ful, when the principal cities of the South are being
taken into our possession, add to the despotism
and tyranny of this whole enrollmentorconscrip-
tion act by seizing upon citizens who otherwise
would not have been liable to any penalty if they
did not report to the provost marshal?
Mr. SCH ENCK. 1 make the question of order
that the chairman of the committee which reported
this bill should be permitted, as the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is always
permitted on appropriation bills in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, to respond
to propositions to amend, and to oppose amend-
ments offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has given the floor
three times to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] on this section, while the gentleman
fiom New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] had not yet
spoken. The Chair knows no rule by which the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is to have the floor to reply to every amendment
to an appropriation bill in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I have been mistaken
as to the right of a chairman of a committee to
defend the bill reported %y that committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to defend his bill, but not to reply to every amend-
ment. Otherwise the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means would have half the debate
on an appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 yield to the Speaker, but
I now raise the point of order that the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] is not opposing
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey must oppose the amendment.
Mr. ROGERS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment—not only opposed to the amendment but
to the whole bill. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment on the ground that there is no necessity for
this bill at all; that we have already sufficient
legislation on the subject; that there is no diffi-
culty in filling up the Army; that the people have
responded to the calls on them; and that such
armies as we have have never been produced by
any other nation in the civilized world. We can
raise men enough by volunteering. There is
enough of patriotism and of fidelity to the laws
and Constitution of the country existing in the
hearts of the people to respond freely and un-
equivocally to every call made on them for the
purpose of putting down the rebellion.
I am opposed to the bill on the ground that it
is despotic, that it is tyrannical, that it takes away:
the citizen without due proccss of law; that the
law, as it stands, lets the President of the United.
States hold in his hand the lives and liberties.of
twenty million people. He has a right to send
his provost marshals into every district in the
United States and to take every citizen between
the ages of twenty and forty-five, place him in
the ranks, and march him by the side of the
seething Ethiopian to the banks of the Missis-
sippi, to fight the battles of the country. It is
because it is degrading to the white race of Amer-
ica, because it saps the very foundations of lib-
erty, because it strikes away the safeguards of
life and liberty, that I protest against any further
legislation of this character. The people have
been ready to respond, and always have responded
on every call. It has been demonstrated clearly
to the mind of every reasonable man that it is
unnecessary to have these absurd, tyrannical en-
actments furtheragitated by amendmentsorextra
bills for the purpose of enforcing a power which
is already sufficient in the hands of the President.
There is no necessity for it at this time.
"X
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed ajoint resolution authorizing certain banks
in the District of Columbia to accept the provis-
ions of an act therein named.
enrollment bill—again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New Jerseythat he must confine
himself to the amendment. The point having
been made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] he must oppose, in good faith, the
amendment of the gentleman from New York, to
insert the woid "intentional."
Mr. ROGERS. It appears to me, Mr. Speaker,
that I am speaking to the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, thinks that the
gentleman has goije very far beyond opposition
to the amendment, /
Mr. ROGERS. ,VX will confine myself to it. If
I understand this section, M& Speaker, it renders
liable to a fine of §100 and.to imprisonment for
thirty days, in case of non-payment, any person
liable to enrollment who neglects to send, by letter
or otherwise, his name to be enrolled. It makes
no difference, in the way the bill is drawn,whether
the person be or be not aware of his liability.
If i understand it, the burden is laid upon the
person who is to be enrolled, and not upon the
Government, to show that lie did not know he
was liable to be enrolled. He is required to prove
a negative, which no man can be supposed to be
able to do. It does not lie upon the Government
to show that the person knew he was liable to
enrollment, but the burden of proof, contrary to
all the rules of law and evidence laid down in the
books from the " year books" to this time, is
shifted upon the person who is charged with
avoiding the enrollment. Under this bill how is a
man to know that he is liable toenrollment? Is it
to be supposed that every citizen knows what the
act of Congress is upon this subject? There are
hundreds of people in eveiy State where laws are
passed who are not aware of all the minutiae and
particulars of those laws. It would be harsh in-
deed to say that people shall be liable to impris-
onment and a fine of $100 when the fact may actu-
ally exist that they do not know they are liable
to draft.
They know that heretofore it has been the
business of the enrolling officer to go around to
take their names; and notwithstanding you may
put the law upon your statute-book that a man
shall be liable to punishment who does not come
forward voluntarily and give in his name for en-
rollment, it may be that thousands will not know
that any such thing is required of them, it im-
poses upon the citizen an obligation under which
he ought not to beplaced. It makes him respon-
sible for knowing the rule of law, when, accord-
