1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 21$
Mr. FARWELL. If the Senator will per-
mit me, as 1 do not propose to say anything on
this subject, I should like now to inquire of him
whether these figures as to the exports of the last
three years are not based on the currency value?
Mr. HOWE. They are the values taken from
both the Canadian and the Treasury reports.
Mr. FARWELL. But the currency value of
our exports is their basis, no doubt, which would
make quite a difierence.
Mr. HOWE. I have notconsidered that ques-
tion; but before we can judge correctly of what
this trade really is wemust take into consideration
what it was with the provinces other than Canada
during; the same years.
In 1860 we exported to the other provinces men-
tioned in the treaty,of free goods §7,502,839, and
we imported from those provinces of these goods
$4,227,819, a balance largely in our favor. In ISGTj
we exported to the same provinces $7,133,734,"
and we imported but $3,719,701. In 1862 we ex-
ported to these provinces $7,369,905, and we im-
ported from them but §2,856,990.* The aggregate
of our exports to those provinces for these three
years was $22,006,678, and the aggregate of our
imports was but §10,804,510, so that whereas
there was a balance against us for those three
years' trade with Canada in the articles made free
by treaty of $11,911,002, there was a balance in
our favor in the trade with the other provinces in
the same articles, almost precisely equivalent to
it, to wit §11,201,988.
Now, i cannot forbear to call the attention of
the Senate to one very peculiar fact, that during
these four years (and it was equally true of the
six years during which the balance of trade under
this treaty was undeniably against us, and largely
against us) we never heard a word of complaint
about it. It is only now when the balance is in
our favor, when we begin to derive some positive
advantage from it, that we witness this clamor for
the speedy and prompt abrogation of the treaty.
Put the statements of our trade with the Can-
adas and the other provinces together, and they
show that there was a balance against us in I860
of $5,956,259; there was a balance against us in
1861 of only §898,952; there was a balance in our
favor in 1862 of no {ess than $6,136,177.
Again,Mr. Piesident, it is said that what arti-
cles can now be exported to Canada free under
the treaty had the same freedom to be so exported
prior to the treaty; that mere self-interest would
have compelled an adherence to that policy
whether the treaty had been made or not. Here
we are told that we secured no advantages under
the treaty, but gave great advantages; that what
goods we can export free under the treaty we
could have exported free under ordinary laws be-
fore the treaty was made. If the fact were so,
this of itself wouid undeniably be a reason for
repealing the treaty; but the fact is not so, and
how the statement could have been made in view
of the official facts before us all, I cannot well
conceive. I will quote again from the report
which has been referred to so often, in 1855 we
exported to Canada $7,725,572 of the goods made
free by the reciprocity treaty. In the same year
we exported only $1,653,632 of goods which were
free by ordinary laws. "Without, reading the state
of the trade for each yearfrom that time down to
1862, i will content myself, having given the ex-
hibit for the first year, with referring to the last
two. In 1861 we exported of goods made free by
the treaty to Canada £,9,980,937, and of goods
which were free by ordinary laws we exported
only $1,878,510; in 1S62 we exported of goods
made free by the treaty ^14,430,626, and of goods
which were free by ordinary laws only ^2,083,451;
and with these facts before us we are told that we
get no advantages under the treaty, but that what
we can send free under it we could have sent free
under ordinary laws before the treaty wasenactod.
Again, it has been urged here and elsewhere
that hostile changes have been made m the Cana-
dian tariff since this treaty was enacted. Sir, I
shall notenterinto any defense of Canadian legis- i;
lation. I hope, for the honor of mankind, Can- |i
ada has legislated for her own interest; and I wish >1
to God I could feel that we were about to legis- Ij
late for our interests here. If Canada has taken ji
better care of her interest than she has of ours, h
her government have simply done their duty to jj
their people. I wish to-day I could know that h
the American Congress would take better care of
the interests of the American people than I be-
lieve, than I almost know will be taken of the
Canadian people by the repeal of the treaty. No
man tells us that Canada has legislated in viola-
tion of the treaty; and if Canada had legislated in
violation of the treaty, it would not have preju-
diced us; but outside of the treaty I suppose Can-
ada lias done what she could for the protection of
her own interest. Is not the field of legislation
as wide to us as it was to them? Do we need to
whine here before the world in order to obtain a
little sympathy because of Canadian legislation?
Besides, sir, we are told that the temper of the
provincial government is not such as to entitle
them to favor. This is undeniably true. Who
stands here pleading for favor to the Canadian
people? I am asking for favor for our own peo-
ple. It is in the name of American inteiests I
ask that this treaty shall not be struck down.
Who asks fur any favor to the Canadian people
or the Canadian interests? I admit they have
exhibited a bad temper; that is no reason why
we should not exhibit a good one. 1 admit that
they have not been always amiable; that is no
leason why we should not be sometimes judicious.
We need not lose sight of our senses because they
have lost possession of their temper. I have
heard, I believe, not of men, but of children, be-
ing mad enough to bite their own noses off. I
never saw the duty enforced by statesmen until
this debate sprang up.
Again, sir,- we are told that the pines of Maine,
of New Yoik, and of Michigan, must wait for the
ax until the black forests of the provinces have
been culled and exhausted; that the timber lands
of our own States, exposed to this unlimited Cana-
dian rivalry, arc indefinitely postponed, and will
not be cleared and fitted for cultivation while tim-
ber at a less cost can be obtained anywhere this
side of Labrador. That is a dark picture which
ought to frighten us, perhaps, and certainly it
would seem on the face of the thing that it ought
to frighten a representative whose constituents
are so largely interested in the value of pine lum-
ber as are my own. Nevertheless, 1 cannot con-
sent to look pale even before this picture. In
point of fact, the pine forests of Maine and of
Michigan and of New York are not waiting a bit.
The whole export of lumber from Canada, in
1859, was $8,556,091 in value. In 1860 it was
$10,051,147. In 1861 it was £8,693,638. This is
theexpoi tof Canadian lumber that is to submerge
the lumber interests ot the United States'. And
what aie these interests? In 1860 the value of
the product of lumber m Maine alone was not
less than $6,784,981, almost equal to the whole of
Canada. In New Enaland the product of that
year was valued at $12,069,895. New Yoik in
that year pioduced ^12,489,418. All the middle
States produced $26,455,005. "Wisconsin, the
State I represent, although in that year lumber
would scarcely pay the expense of manufactur-
ing it, produced $4,836,159, and I venture to say,
without any figures on the subject, that Wiscon-
sin has in the past year manufactured morejum-
ber than Canada ever exported in a year m her
life. The total production of lumber in the Uni-
ted States in 1860 was $95,912,286 in value. I do
not think our forests will have to wait till the
forests of Canada are exhausted. I think our
forests can stand m comp«tition with the forests
of the world.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consentof the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, he yielding the floor for
the purpose, I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday January 11, 1865.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. William H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIST OF HOUSE EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Clerk of the House, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the act of August 26, 1842, a list of
the clerks and other employee m his office; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENC0011ACBMBNT OF ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, moved
to take frorii the Speaker's table Senate joint res-
olution No. 82, to encourage enlistments and to-
promote the efficiency of the military forces of
the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent of the House to order the print-
ing of a report made from the Committee on the
Judiciary at the last Congress by Mr. Porter, of
Indiana—an elaborate report on a question of
public interest, which, from some oveistght, wag
not ordered to be printed. 1 only want the ordi-
nary copies ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. What is it about?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is in re-
gard to the right of the Illinois Central railroad
to charge freight on troops, arms, and other muni-
tions of war.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
RELIEF OP CHAMBERSBURG.
Mr. COFFROTHF, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and Jitt! !ier<tn, requested to i< porr, by bill or otherwise*
an act foi the ruliei ot the people of Ctmmbergbiug, Penn-
sylvania.
RELIEF OF NAVY CONTRACTORS.
Mr. CE-fANLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint iesolution
authorizing the appointment of a commission to
settle and adjust the claims of certain contractors
with the'Navy Department for reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All those
contractors are banded together in this joint res-
olution looking to extra compensation,a practice
in legislation to which I make objection. 1 object
to the introduction of the bill for that reason.
BRANCH MINT IN OREGON.
Mr. McBRlDE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to relocate the United States branch
mint provided lor by the act of July, 1864.
There was no objection, and the bill was read a
first and second lime.
Mr. McBRlDE. I ask consent of the House
to make a statement in reference to this bill. It
will be recollected that a bill passed at the last
session establishing a branch mint in Oregon, and
fixing its location at Dalles City, it is well known
that at the time of its passage there was consid-
erable controversy in regard to the proper location
for the mint. That controversy was in my State
one of a good deal of warmth, and, among the
friends of different localities, somewhat acrimoni-
ous. There were difiorcncesamonggentlemen on
this floor representing the rival interests as to the
proper point, but after full consultation we agreed
upon Dalies City as the most eligible, and it was
named in the bill. Subsequently the Legislature
of Oregon met, and, differing with myself in the
action taken, have memorialized Congress on the
subject, and have asked the removal of the mint
to Portland, Oregon. In obedience to their in-
structions I present this bill, and shall ask, when
the memorial arrives, which it has not, that it
may be referred to the committee having charge
of the bill. I thank the House for its courtesy,
and move that the subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
"WITNESSES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary, for
action at this time, a bill to amend the third sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865,
and for other piu-poses," so far aa the same
