1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
9?9
proper authority. Congress, sir, and Congress
alone, can remedy the evil; and unless it is speed-
ily remedied it will end in demoralizing and de-
bauching the whole system of enrollment and
conscription, bringing it into such popular con-
tempt, odium, and distrust, as to paralyze it as
an agency for raising troops for our Army.
My amendment, sir, is very simple and very
direct. It provides that no credit shall be given
to any town "except for men." Ay, sir, for
men ! Men " actually furnished by said town;"
and not " actually furnished " only, but " mus-
tered into the service on the quota of said town."
It does not require that the men shall be citizens
or residents of the town for which they enlist,
but leaves the law on that point unchanged, the
object being simply to require that men shall be
furnished when men are called for. Sir, if this
simple rule had baen adhered to we should have
had full ranks in our Army to-day, and the towns
could have procured the " men" for little if any
more than they have paid for these worthless
"paper credits." Conscription after conscrip-
tion, draft after draft, must ensue, if the Govern-
ment fails in getting men; and it thus happens
that this constructive mode of filling quotas reacts
upon and severely punishes the very towns and
districts that seem to derive a temporary advan-
tage therefrom. Sooner or later, the men must
come, and one man in good season often removes
the necessity of raising five men at a later and
less favorable juncture of military affairs. So
that the policy, besides being disastrous to the
Government, is equally disastrous to the towns,
even when viewed from the stand-point of local
interest, local jealousy, and self-preservation. I
repeat, sir, it is a policy that saves one man to-
day only to conscript five men to-morrow.
When it was originally resolved to allow credits
for men in the naval service I thought some ad-
vantage might accrue to my own State in having
her quota for the military service lessened there-
by. I knew that Maine had contributed a large
number of volunteers to the Navy; very large in
proportion to her population as compared with
other States; and I thought a fair recognition of
this fact might diminish the number of her citi-
zens to be drafted for the military service. And
if the matter could have been fairly decided, on
high and honorable grounds, that would have been
the result. But instead of that, sir, the allowance
of naval credits to the States, taken all together,
has been a positive disadvantage to Maine. And
for this simple reason: so many more have been
allowed to other States than they were fairly en-
titled to that Maine relatively lost in the distri-
bution. New York got some thirty thousand of
these credits, and Massachusetts, I believe, some
seventeen thousand, while Maine was assigned
only some thirty-three hundred by the War De-
partment. Other States, you will observe, were
thus relieved to so much larger degree than Maine
that the reaction was against us, and in the very
next draft we found ourselves with a larger quota
assigned to us than we should have had if no such
thing as credits for naval enlistments had ever
been allowed.
But, sir, aside from this injustice to my own
State, a very great evil has sprung up in the mat-
ter of these naval credits. So far as they were
assigned to the general credit of the State and
went to the reduction of the entire quota the bene-
fit was the same to all sections of the State, and
was in this respect impartial. But on top of this,
throughout the whole country we hear of substi-
tute brokers selling these credits obtained in some
mysterious way as one would sell town scrip in
the market; and from this source has risen a large
number of those constructive "paper credits"
against which my amendment is leveled, and
which, for the future, it will prevent. It may not
be in our power to remedy the wrongpractio.es of
the past, but from this time forward we can guard
against the repetition of these practices. We can
deal with equal and exact justice to all men and
to all sections—and above all, we can deal justly
by the Government in its struggle for existence.
In its hour of peril it calls for men; living, active,
resolute men, and it is wore than madness to
answer this call with anything else than men.
Let me say in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, that
nothing so discourages and disheartens the brave
men at the front as the belief that proper meas-
ures are not adopted at home for reenforcingand
sustaining them. Even a lukewarmnesa or a
backwardness in that respect is enough; but when
you add to that the suspicion that unfair devices
have been resorted to by those charged with fill-
ing quotas, you naturally inflame the prejudices
and passions of our veterans in the field in a man-
ner calculated to lessen their personal zeal and
generally to weaken the discipline of the Army.
After four years of such patriotic and heroic ef-
fort for national unity as the world has never wit-
nessed before we cannot now afford to have the
great cause injured or its fair fame darkened by a
single unworthy incident connected with it. The
improper practices of individuals cannot disgrace
or degrade the nation; but after these practices
are brought to the attention of Congress we shall
assuredly be disgraced and degraded if we fail to
apply the requisite remedy when that remedy is
in our power. Let us, then, in this hour of tri-
umph to the national arms do our dutyjiere, our
duty to the troops in the field, our duty to our
constituents at home, and our duty, above all, to
our country, whose existence has been in such
peril in the past, but whose future of greatness
and glory seems now so assured and so radiant.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to in-
sert the word "county."
Mr. BLAINE. I will correct ray amendment
by inserting the word "county." I endeavored
to get the nomenclature so as to reach the various
local designations in the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If 1 understand that
amendment, it will have the effect to make the
section retroactive.
Mr. BLAINE. No, it will not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The section provides
that credits shall only be given to towns, wards,
and other subdivisions for the men who actually
reside in them. We provide in that section that
it shall be operative hereafter. The effect of the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine will be
to require the whole enrollment for the impending
draft to be revised and corrected.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all. If any objection
lies in that criticism it may be removed by insert-
ing the word " future." I do notdesign anything
like what the gentleman states. I desire only to
correct this evil, and that the cities, towns, or
wards which have sent sailors into the Navy shall
have credit for them. My own State did not get
credit for one fifth that Massachusetts did in the
naval enlistments, when she sent two men for
Massachusetts' one.
Mr. W00DBR1DGE. I ask the gentleman
from Maine whether under his proposed amend-
ment the operation would not be, where a town-
ship on a former call had furnished more than its
quota, to prevent that township having credit on
the succeeding call for the surplus?
Mr. BLAINE. If they have furnished a sur-
plus it gives them credit for it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Vermonthas furnished
her own men.
Mr. BLAINE. I know she has, and I do not
mean to intimate anything to the contrary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am unwilling to cut
her off if she has furnished any more than her
quota.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not want to cut her off,
and my amendment will not cut her off.
Mr. A. MYERS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine that he insert the word " future "
before the word "call."
Mr. BLAINE. My object is to guard against
fraudulent certificates which are put in, as has
been the case in New York. I am perfectly will-
ing to insert the word " future," as suggested by
the. gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that the
section under consideration remedies that evilso
far as all future calls are concerned. It provides
that hereafter men shall be credited to the sub-
districts where the men actually belong by resi-
dence. That will prevent the shifting of men
from one locality to another, the taking of them
from the country districts, seduced by the offer of
large bounties, into wealthy districts, and credit-
ing them where they do not belong by residence.
The object of this section is that stated at the
close of it, that fair and just credits may be given
to every part of the country m proportion to the
number of men actually furnished. The present
plan has operated badly in some instances here-
tofore. Farming districts, and districts not able
to offer large bounties, although liable to have all
their men enrolled and subject to be drafted ac-
cording to that enrollment, have found a large
number of their men capable of bearing arms
seduced away to other States and districts, thus
working a very great hardship upon them.
Another effect of this section, and a very good
one too, will be to make the system of bounties
more uniform. One district not being able, by
offering larger bounties than another district, to
get men from other districts, the bounties will be-
come more uniform, and all men will be credited
where they ought to be credited—the place of
their residence.
This act cannot be made retrospective, for the
reason that it would require a complete going over
of all the enrollments of the whole country. It
would require a readjustment of the whole thing,
which would take months and months to accom-
plish.
And besides that, heretofore the muster-rolls
have not shown, in many instances,where the men'
did actually reside. They have simply shown
where they have enlisted, not where the men re-
sided; so that it would be impossible at the War
Department to ascertain from the muster-rolls
really where the soldiers resided who appear upon
the rolls. This section makes it the duty of the
Provost Marshal General to instruct the muster-
ing officers and boards of enrollment to remedy
that, so that the muster-rolls shall show where
every soldier that enlists resides, and where he
shall be credited. I do not see that the amendment
of my friend from Maine does anything more than
that. This section applies to the future, and t do
not see that he improves the matter by pulling
in the word " future" in his amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I would suggest to my colleague
that he would accomplish his object by repealing
the eighth section of the act of July 4, 1864.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think it would entirely
answer my purpose. I want to answer the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] very
briefly, and also to raise a question of order. Is
it competent forme to modify my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I recall my assent to
incorporate in my amendment the word" future."
I want it to apply to this call. No injustice can
thereby be done to any town in Vermont, because
on this call the excess on previous calls will be
credited to them. What I want to accomplish by
striking out the word " future" is, that under the
present call no factitious credit shall be allowed
to apply to it; but that, where there is a bonafule
credit, it shall lap over and apply to this cull.
Mr. GANSON. I suggest that the gentleman
use the words " present and future."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask leave of
absence for a few days.
No objection being made, leave of absence was
granted.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the last three lines. The amend-
ment proposed by my colleague [Mr. Blame]
seeks to attain a very good end, but I think it
will not accomplish his purpose. I do not un-
derstand that the present law allows any credits
to any locality unless the men have been fur-
nished in some manner, nominally or otherwise,
and for that reason I fear the amendment of my
colleague will be ineffectual.
It is singular that a naval State like Maine
should complain of naval credits, but such is the
fact. The law of last session, section eight, pro-
vided that the men then in the naval service, or
who had served in that service since the com-
mencement of the war, should be credited to the
States furnishing them. But unfortunately in
executing this law the States actually furnishing
the men did not get credit for them. Early in
the session I introduced an order directing the
Secretary of War to state in what manner and
in accocflance with what rule the apportionment
of naval credits was made. The reply was that
the men in the Navy were credited to the States
where they enlisted unless proof was made that
they belonged elsewhere. This rule would be
sufficiently hard on my State,because heretofore
the Navy Department has usually bad no enlist-
ing station in my State, and consequently naval
enlistments of men belonging in Maine have been
made in Boston and New York. But 1 have
reason to believe that even this rule has not been
