1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
relief of William Nichols; ^vhich was read and
■passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jane W. Nethaway,
praying for an allowance of back pay and bounty
claimed to be due her late husband,and the pas-
sage of an act allowing her a pension, submitted
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No, 470) for
the relief of Jane W. Nethaway, which was read
^nd passed to a second reading, and the report
-Was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on the
-Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
•89) in relation to proceedings in the courts of the
-United States, asked to be discharged from its
"further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE,from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
459) to provide for the consolidation of the Indian
tribes and to establish civil government in the
"Indian Territory, reported it with amendments.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
Preston Starritt, a messenger of the Senate, claim-
ing pay which he asserts has been illegally with-
held from him, reported the following resolution:
Resolvedi That Preston Starritt be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate the amount of his compensation
as messenger of the Senate from the 23d of July, 1861, until
the 17th of December,1861, tit which time his office is con-
sidered as vacated.
" COPYRIGHTS.
Mr. COWAN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office, to whom the
subject was referred, to report a bill (S. No. 468)
to amend the acts of Congress respecting copy-
right, and I ask that it may be put on its passage.
I think it is important. It will only require a
moment, and will lead to no debate.
, By unanimous consent the bill was read by its
title and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the provisions of the acts respect-
ing copyrights shall extend to and include photo-
graphs and the negatives thereof which shall here-
after be made, which are to inure to the benefit of
theirauthors in the same manner and to the same
jextent and upon the same conditions as to the
authors of prints and engravings.
A printed copy of every book, pamphlet, map,
chart, musical composition, print, engraving, or
•photograph for which a copyright shall be secured,
is to be transmitted, free of postage or other ex-
pense, by the author or proprietor, within one
month of the date of publication, to the Library of'
Congress, at Washington, for the use of the Li-
brary, and the Librarian of Congress is required
to give a receipt m writing for the same.
If any proprietor of a book, pamphlet, map,
chart, musical composition, print, engraving, or
photograph which shall be secured, shall neglect
to deliver the same pursuant to the requirements
of this act, it is to be the duty of the Librarian
of Congress to make demand thereof in writing
at any time within twelve months after the pub-
lication thereof, and in default of the delivery
thereof within one month after the demand shall
have been made, the right of exclusive publica-
tion secured to such proprietor under the acts of
Congress respecting a copyright is to be forfeited.
In the construction of this act the word " book"
is to be construed to mean every volume and part
of a volume, together with all maps, prints, or
other engraving belonging thereto, and is to in-
clude a copy of any second or subsequent edition
which shall be published with any additions,
whether the first editions of such books have been
published before or after the passage of this act;
butit is not to be requisite to deliver to the Library
« any copy of a second or any subsequent edition
of any book unless itshall contain additions, nor
of any book which is not the subject of copy-
right.
- Mr. SUMNER. So far as I have been able to
understand that bill in listening to it I agree with
•it, and I am glad the committee has reported it;
but I suggest to the Senator that, considering its
* importance and the subject to which it relates, it
should be printed before the Senate act finaHy
jipon it. 1 beg to assure the Senator that I do
not make this remark with any disposition to
^ throw any impediment in the way of the passage
$ of the bill, but simply because I think the Senate
i might to-understand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say to the gentle-
man, which may perhaps relieve his mind on this
subject, that the Committee on the Library have
had this bill before them and have examined and
approved it. It provides for including photo-
graphs in the copyright laws; and ail the rest of
it is merely for carrying into effect what used to
be the law formerly, that one copy of all these
publications shall be sent to the Library.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there are some state-
ments as to what is a book. There are legal defi-
nitions in it. As I listened to it, I thought upon
the whole it would be better that we should have
time to consider it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third ti|pe, and passed.
HOUSE BIM, REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the bill (H. R.
No. 763) to amend an act entitled " An act^to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1,1862, and to amend an actamend-
atory thereof, approved July 2, 1864, was taken
from the table and referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
NEW YORK JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 184.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that?
Mr. HARRIS. It is a bill to divide the south-
ern district of New York.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask, will it take
much time?
Mr. HARRIS. It may take a little time and
there may be some opposition to it. I cannot
say that there will be.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will understand
that at one o'clock there is a special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My colleague, a few mo-
ments since, introduced a memorial from the
Legislature of the State of Indiana in relation to a
matter of a great deal of interest to that State and
the State of Michigan. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands has reported a bill on the subject which
will not occupy a minute of the time of the Sen-
ate, and 1 will ask the indulgence of the Senator
from New York to let tliat bill be passed. It is
of great importance, else-ihe enterprise may fail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Indiana asks the
consent of the Senator from New York to have
the bill before the Senate laid aside for the con-
sideration of another bill. It is entirely at the
control of the Senator from New Yoik.
Mr. HARRIS. If my bill will not lose its
preference I have no objection.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It will lose its
preference.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I cannot consent, if it
loses its place; I must insist on my bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 184) to
facilitate proceedings in the admiralty and other
judicial proceedings in the port ofNewYoik,
and for other purposes, which had been reported
from the Committee on the Judietary with vari-
ous amendments. The first amendment of the
committee was in section one, line eight, after the
word " a" to strike out the following words:
Judge to hold a district court in the said district, who
shall reside therein, mid shall have all the powers and au-
thority which are now or may hereafter be possessed by
any district judge m the said State ; and the district court
hereby established shall have such original jurisdiction as
is now or may hereafter be vested in any oi the district
courts of the United States in the said State.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
District judge for said district who shall reside therein,
and who shall possess the same powers and perform the
same duties within said district which are now possessed
and performed hy the district judge of the southern district
of New YoiU. The said judge shall also receive the same
compensation as is by law provided for the judgp of said
southern district. District and circuit courts for the trial
of causes shall beheld in the city of Brooklyn on the first
Wednesdaj of every month. The courts so to be heldshall
have the same jimsdietion a«> is now or may hereafter be
vested in other district and circuit courts of the United
States.
So that the section will re&d;
That the counties of Kings, Queen*, Suffolk, and Rich-
mond, in ttee State df New-York,ivith" ^e-w ti*rs thereof,
are hereby constituted a separate judicial .district of the
United States, to be styled the eastern district of New-
York. The President of the United States, by and with
the advice and coosent'of the Senate, Shan appoint a dis-
trict judge for said district, who shall resSde therein, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
twenty-eight, after the word manner" to insert
the words "and with the same fees and emolu-
ments}" !so that the clause will read:
Such officers shall be appointed for said district and court
and iii the same manner and with the same fees aud emol-
uments as prescribed bylaw for otirerdistricts arid courts
of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike oat the sec-
ond section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That nothing in this
act shall in any way change or impair the jurisdiction or
powers of the circuit court of the United States held in the
southern district of New York, as now organized ; but the
said circuit court, so held, shall be deemed to he,and shall
possess all the powers of. a circuit court held within the said
eastern district; and appeals and writs of error from any
decree or judgment of the district court of said eastern dis-
trict shall lie to the circuit court to be held in the southern,
district of New York in the same manner and with like
effect as if said circuit court were held within said eastern
district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
nine, after the word " waters" to strike out the
following words:
The salary of the judge of said courts shall be #5,0tH> per
year, payable quarterly out of the Treasury of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of section
four to strike out the following words:
But he shall not, except when called upon by the asso-
ciate judge of the Supreme Court designated to hold the sec-
ond circuit, be authorized to act as circuit judge, nor to
hold the circuit within said southern district.
So that the section will read;
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case of the in-
ability, on account of sickness, of the judge of the district
court of the United States for the southern district of New
York, to hold any court therein, it shall be the duty of the
judge of the said eastern district of New York to hold such
court, and do and perforin all the acts and duties of the judge
of said southern district, without any additional compensa-
tion; and whenever, from pressure of public business or
other cause, it shall be deemed desirable by the judge of
said southern disttict of New York that the judge of said
eastern district perform the duties of a judge in said south-
ern district, art order may be entered to that effect in the
records of said district court, and thereupon the judge of
said eastern district shall be empowered to do and perform,
without additional compensation, within said southern dis-
trictof New York, and in the district court thereof,all the
acts and duties of the district judge thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout the fifth
section, in the following words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all cases of priz*5
biought in the district court for said eastern district shall
have prefeience over all other causes upon any calendar of
said couit or pending thereon; and a term of said court for
the trial of causes shall be held on the first Wednesday of
each month, in the city of Brooklyn. Such other terms
may be held at such other times and places within said dis-
trict as may be fixed by the judge of said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me very inexpe-
dient to pass a bill of this sort at this time. It
proposes to create a new district in the southern
district of New York, and to add, of eOurse, a
district jnd^e, marshal, district attorney, and
the other officers connected with a district court,
thus to charge upon the Treasury of the United
States, in the matter of expense, a sum of more
than $50,000 a year. I am aware that that by
itself is not a sufficient reason why the bill should
not pass, if the public interest requires it; but I
submit that the necessity should beapparent and
great in order to justify such an increase of ex-
pense at this-time.
The grounds on which it is asked are, as I un-
derstand, the great pressure of business in the
southern district and circuit of New York; and it
is true, no doubt, that in that great metropolis
there is a large amount of business m the district
court. But, Mr. President, 1 do not believe that
the creation of a new district court will work the
relief to the public that the friends of this bill an-
ticipate. To create a new district court, giving
to this new district court conouirelis jurisdiction
