982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
with one already established, and within, in ef-
fect, the same limits, is an anomaly in our juris-
prudence and in our legislation. This district is
not divided from any other district by limits as
all other districts in the United States are. The
northern district of New York is divided from
the southern district by a known, well-defined
line; and so in all the States where there is more
ihnn one district. The limits of each district are
defined by law; and it seems to me, I confess,
rather a necessity, to prevent confusion in the
transaction of business, that it should be so. But
tins bill gives to this new district court, the crea-
tion of which is contemplated by the bill,concur-
rent jurisdiction with the existing district court,
■which is called the court for the southern district
of New York, and this is to be called the eastern
district—not separated from the southern by def-
inite limits, but having concurrent jurisdiction
with it. There will be, as it seems to me, great
difficulty and great confusion inevitably growing
out of such a condition of things.
The reason urged for the new district, as I
have suggested, is the great pressure of business.
Mr. President, this will not relieve that pressure.
This proposes to have the court held in the city
of Brooklyn, which, although a large and pros-
perous city, is really a portion of the city of New
'York; and this new district is but a portion of
the southern district, the two courts having con-
current jurisdiction. The great reason of the delay
of business in the district court in the city of New
York, the southern district, is not so much the
great number of cases in court, although that
number is very great, but it arises from the fact,
more than any other, that the counsel who are
engaged in important causes in that district court
are leading counsel in most of the other causes of
importance which arise in the courts in the city
of New York, as well State as Federal. The
counsel thus engaged in the important causes in
the southern district have engagements in the
Siate and other Federal courts m session in the
city at the same time; and when a cause comes
up in the southern district for trial the counsel,
or a part of them who are engaged in it, are en-
gaged in trials in other courts in session in the
city. That works more delay and inconvenience
than any other single reason, if not more than all
other reasons, to delay business and prevent the
clearing of the docket. Members of the profes-
sion are courteous to each other, and when the
counsel on the other side are engaged in another
pourt, they do not press the cause to tiial; and
thus the cause is passed by, and so on until the
cause can be reached when the counsel are not
engaged elsewhere. The consequence is, that
business accumulates on the docket from term to
term, because the counsel whom the parties liti-
gant have selected to try their causes are really
not prepared to act, and cannot act at the time the
case comes on for tiial.
If this bill passes and this new court is cre-
ated, that difficulty, instead of being remedied,
will be aggravated. The court will be transferred
to the city of Brooklyn; but the counsel who will
be concerned in almost all the important causes
which will come before that court for trial are
distinguished members of the profession who re-
side in the city of New York; they will practice
m this court at Brooklyn; and when a cause
comes on there for trial, if these gentlemen are
engaged in the courts in the city of New York,
these causes will be postponed, and business in
this new court will accumulate, and will not be
dispatched any more promptly than at present.
This bill will multiply courts and embarrass busi-
ness rather than facilitate its dispatch.
Mr. President, the law now is that the circuit
judge may call to his aid in the southern district
of New York one or more judges of adjacent dis-
tricts in the same circuit, who may hold this dis-
trict court in the southern district of New York
from year's end to year's end if the necessities of
the public business require it. There is no limit
to the time that these courts may sit, and two
courts, or rather two judges, may be in session at
once. There is no conceivable difficulty in dis-
patching the business which may accumulate in
the court of the southern district of New York,
at least so far forth as having judges sit to try !
and determine all causes arising in that district. !
I repeat, Mr. President, that the occasion of
the accumulation of business does not arise from
the fact that there are not courts enough and
judges enough, but mainly because the counsel
that are engaged are also engaged m other eourts,
and cannot try their causes in two courts at once.
That is the grand difficulty. Although the city
of New York is blessed with a very large number
of the members of the legal profession, like most
other towns and cities in the United States, still
the important legal business of that city, the
great and important causes tried in that city, are
tried by comparatively few men. Some half
dozen men try most of the important causes that
arise in the courts in the city of New York. I
do not mean that they try all the causes, but that
great and important questions involving large
amounts of property are tried by comparatively
very few of the profession.
Now, Mr. President, if you create a new court
you aggravate the existing evil; the accumula-
tion of business is chargeable to our having too
many courts now. I honestly believe if there
was but one court in that city more business
could be accomplished than is accomplished by
the whole now, for then all the counsel of the
city would be in attendance upon that court; no
cause would be put off because counsel were en-
gaged in other courts. One single court, held
by competent judges, would dispose of more
business in a year than is disposed of by the
whole now.
There are a great many persons that desire the
passage of this bill; the honorable Senator from
New York, of course, is better qualified to form
an opinion as to the wants of his constituents
than I am; but, with defeience to his opinion, I
must say that I believe the better judgment of the
city of New York is against the creation of this
court. 1 believe that the sense of the profession
is against it. A very large number of the mem-
bers of the bar of that city deprecate the passage
of this bill. Many of them signed a remon-
strance against the bill, which has been received
here, and referred to the Judiciary Committee. 1
will not say that these remonstrants compose a
majority of the members of the legal profession
of the city of New York, but a very large num-
ber of the most prominent are on it. i am told
that some of them have since changed their opin-
ions; but I believe it is the settled judgment of
the profession that the creation of this court will
not be a public advantage, but will be a public
misfortune. I trust that the bill will not pass.
Mr. HARRIS. I am so anxious to have ac-
tion on this bill that I shall content myself with
stating a very few facts very briefly.
In this southern district of New York there
were commenced in the year 1863, as appears by
a report made in answer to a resolution which
was offered by the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, in April
last, two thousand one hundred and four causes.
It appears that in the whole thirty-two judicial
districts in the States that have not seceded there
were seven thousand and four causes. From
this it will appear that nearly one third of all the
actions brought in the Federal courts in the year
T8G3 were brought in the southern district of
New York. Much more than a quarter of all
the business of the Federal courts is in the south-
ern district of New York.
Now, sir, two sessions ago I introduced a bill
providing for the appointment of an assistant
judge in New York; but there were so many ob-
jections to it that it was thought besttodrop that
measure; and those who are most deeply inter-
ested in the performance of the judicial business
in the city of New York have thought it best to
provide for an additional district. Sir, the busi-
ness cannot be done in the city. The same thing
has been found true in respect to our State courts.
Our State constitution provided for a supreme
court in the city of New York, consisting of five
judges. The State of Neiv York has found it
necessary, in order to provide for the business
within tne State jurisdiction, to create a superior
court there of six judges, and also a court of
common pleas, consisting of three judges; making
one court of five judges, another of six, and an-
other of three, all of concurrent jurisdiction; and
it has been found to work well.
We contemplate by this bill simply to provide
a district to be composed of the three counties of
Long Island and the county of Richmond, Staten
Island, with a population of about half a million
and an amount of business far exceeding that of
almost any other district in the United States.
It is a little surprising that the Senator fiom Con-
necticut should feel it necessary to interpose in op-
position to this bill, for the purpose (1 will not say
that this is his intention) of having the present
state of things go on, and hav nig judges from other
districts brought in there to aid the judge in the
southern district of New York, it is true that
Connecticut furnishes a very able judge, who is
enabled in consequence of the very small amount
of business that he has to do at home to go in
there and hold court for a large portion of the
year. But, sir, it may not be improper for me
to add that for the duties that he performs in the
Slate of New York he receives much more com-
pensation than he does for his salary as district
judge of the State of Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator allow me to
inteirupt him him at this point?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. When the honorable Senator
says that the judge from Connecticut who siis in
court in New York receives more than he does
for his salary in Connecticut, 1 think, with great
deference to him, he is entirely mistaken. He
does not, I believe, receive one cent. It is true
his salary as district judge in Connecticut is very
small, very much smaller than it ought to be;
it is not remunerative; but it is something; and
inasmuch as in New York he does not get one
cent, I think the honorable Senator is mistaken.
It is true that his expenses are paid; his board
while there is paid; and I suppose his railroad
fare to and fro. If that is what the honorable
Senator calls receiving more than he gets for his
salary, I think lie is mistaken.
Mr. HARRIS. I hold in my hand a memo-
randum which I took from the records of the
Treasury Department,showing that Judge Ship-
man received for the first six months of last year
for his services for holding court in New York
$1,759 45.
Mr. FOSTER. Then he receives it without
law, because the law does not authorize him to
receive one cent; and I did not suppose that the
accounting officers, either at New York or here,
paid judges when there was no law to pay thera
one farthing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I imagine the Senator from
New York will find that the §1,700 is made up of
the per diem which thejudge receives, and is in-
tended to pay expenses and nothing else, and is
not intended as compensation, I suppose.
Mr. FOSTER. It is no compensation, and
there is no bill for compensation.
Mr. JOHNSON, i say I do not suppose it
was intended for compensation.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not understand that it is
compensation.
Mr. FOSTER. If it is not compensation there
is nothing between us.
Mr. HARRIS. It has this effect, however;
Judge Shipman can hold court in New York the
year round, and according to this rate he can
receive $3,500 for his expenses besides his salary
of §2,000 as judge of Connecticut. But I make
no complaint of that. Judge Shipman is an ex-
cellent judge, and has rendered valuable services
there.
But, sir, it is necessary that there should be
more judicial courts in New York. Any one can
see that with nearly one third of the business of
the United States done in that southern district
there must be some relief, and it is thought by
those most familiar with the circumstances that
this is the best mode of relief. Two sessions
ago the Senate was willing to pass a bill to create
a new judicial district in the State of Michigan,
neither of which districts has one quarter of the
amount of business, and each of which a far less
population, than the district now proposed. But,
sir, I am so anxious to have a vote upon this bill
that 1 will not detain the Senate further. I hope
it may be put on its passage.
Mr. FOSTER. One word only. As it regards
my interference on the ground thai the district
judge from Connecticut is called to New York, I
can assure the Senator that, so far as that is con-
cerned, it furnishes no reason to me to interfere,
and could furnish none. In the first place, I be-
lieve it would be greatly for the advantage of the
judge to be relieved from the labor, which, I
i again repeat, he performs without one cetlt of
