1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
compensation. There is nothing, therefore, of
Interest which the judge can have unless it may
be to labor and receive his board for his pay; for
that is all he gets. 1 will read a portion of a let-
ter of a highly distinguished member of the bar
of New York, who writes under date of Febru-
ary 3, in regard to this bill,as follows:
"This bill creates what is called an eastern district of
NewYork,aud supplies it with an establishment of judge,
clerk, district attorney, and marshal, iucurrmgan expense
of certainly $50,000 a year, beside rent and cost of court-
, room and officers. I can imagine no public ground for
such a measure, and mischiefs of the gravest character in
the administration of justice are sure to follow from this
- division of the port of New York into two judicial districts,
which is the effect of the bill. The whole supply of mar-
' iume, admiralty, or commercial business for the new court,
as at present f.or the existing court will come from the
port of New York; and we shall have the strange spec-
tacle of two Federal judicial establishments holding courts
within three miles of each other, bitting at the same lime
all the year round, and diaggiug the waters of New York
bay into concurrent jurisdiction in competition for busi-
ness. We suffer but one need in this district for the due
dispatch of business, and that is an additional judge, in-
volving no legislation but the creation of the office, no
expense but his salary, and no disturbance of the adminis-
tration of justice. The mere statement of the case has
heretofore been sufficient to prevent this measure from find-
ing acceptance with the inembeis of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, to whom I spoke upon the subject
' last year, and I supposed the project was abandoned, at
least while the general subject of remodeling the whole
judicial svstem was pending in Congress and before the
public. This latter measure is, I think, sure to be adopted
either by tins Cougi<*&  or the next, and I should suppose
this consideration alone would prevent the creation of a
new judicial establishment at present."
I will not take up further time, as I am surely
not disposed to prevent a vote being taken on the
bill.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. I a&k for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the first bill for
the division of a judicial district in the United
' States since I have been a member of the Senate
that I have ever supported. I have uniformly
opposed all bills for dividing the judicial districts
of the United States, and thereby increasing the
business in the United States courts. I have
thought the effect was bad in the creation of nu-
merous unnecessary officers, in adding to the ex-
pense of the Government,and in increasing busi-
ness in a court which is already overburdened.
The more of these courts you have, the more con-
venient it is for litigants to bring their suits in
the United States courts, the more cases you will
have; and we all know that the Supreme Court
is already overburdened with business. These
courts were not designed for the transaction of
the general business of the country; and I think
if no suits were brought in them other than such
as were contemplated to have been tried in the
United States courts by the framers of the Con-
stitution, there would be altogether less business
before the Supreme Court than theie is.
But, sir, only a year or two ago, contrary to
"the views which I entertained, Congress divided
the judicial district in Michigan, and created a
new set of officers ihete. I have before me a re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, communi-
cated to this body on the 6th of December last,
showing how much business there is in this west-
ern district of Michigan. I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to it. I opposed the creation
of that district at the time; I thought there was
no sort of necessity for it; and the official report
now shows that all the cases pending in the west-
ern district of Michigan are twenty-six, and not
one single case was commenced in that court
during the last year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair is obliged to request the Senator from
Illinois to suspend his remarks. The morning
hour having expired, the pending bill before the
Senate is superseded by the special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate not more than five minutes,
and [ think wo had belter dispose of this bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. If therecan be an understand-
ing that the special order be passed over inform-
ally, by unanimous consent, I shall not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the special order can be passed over in-
formally. The Chair hears no objection.
* Mr.TRUMBULL. Mr. President, that would
afford no reason for passing this bill, because we
improperly passed a bill to divide the State of
Michigan into two judicial districts. But the same
paper that I have before me, I think, contains a
reason for the passage of this bill. This official
report shows that in the southern district of New
York there were two thousand one hundred and
four cases commenced during the last year. It is
a fact notorious to the Senateand thecountry that
the business in the city of New York, it being
the great commercial port of the country, in the
United States court, is much larger than in any
other court in the country. The admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction alone there requires the ses-
sion of a court, I suppose, nearly the whole time.
The fact is that the judges from other districts,
from Vermont and from Connecticut, have been
compelled to go to New York to hold the courts
undera provision of law that authorized the jus-
tice of the Supreme Court presiding in that circuit
to call in the assistance of district judges any-
where within his circuit in order to dispose ofthe
business. There is an amount of business in the
southern district of New Yoik that cannot be done
by the judge of that district; it is a physical im-
possibility. You have an amount of business
in that district that cannot be done by the court
you have there. In order to remedy the defect,
other judges from other districtsare called in from
time to time to help. Here is a bill proposing to
divide that district so as to afford additional facil-
ities for the transaction of business that cannot be
done in the one district court. Sir, if there is an
occasion foranadditionaldistrict court anywhere
in the United States, it is in the southern district
of New York; and therefore, for the first time
since 1 have been a member of the Senate and a
member of the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which these bills have gone, I am found favoring
the division of a judicial district; and 1 do it sim-
ply upon the ground that the amount of business
there requires it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Coilamer, Conness,
Davis, Dooliule, Farwell, Foot, Hale, Harris, Hendncks,
Howe, Johnson, McDougall,Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Sprague. Siewait, Sumner, Trumbull,
Willev, Wilson, and Wright—28.
NAVs—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Dixon, Foster,
Grimes, Ten Eyck, and Wade—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Biown, Clark, Cowan, Harding,
Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Nesmitb, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Van Winkle, and Wilkinson—17.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, its title was
amended so as to read, " A. bill to create the
eastern judicial district of New York."
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain
the title to certain property in Carson City and
Territory of Nevada, for the purpose of a branch
mint located in said place, and m the amendment
to the bill (H. R. No. 364) authorizing and re-
quiring the opening of Sixth street west.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 240) for the relief of George A.
Schreiner;
A bill (S. No. 368) to incorporate the Sisters
of Mercy in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 376) to amend an act entitled,
"An act to amend an act to incorporate the in-
habitants ofthe city of Washington, passed May
15, 1820," approved May 5, 1864; and
A bill (S. No. 241) to amend an act entitled,
" An act to incorporate the Columbian Institution
for the instruction of tiie deaf and dumb and the
blind," approved February 16, 1857.
Tiie message also announced thai the House had
passed the bill (S. No. 88) regulating proceedings
in criminal cases, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was lequesu d.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 756) supplementary to the
several acts regulating pensions;
A bill (H. R. No. 774) to establish certain post
roads; and,
A bill (H.R. No. 776) concerning the Potomac
bridge and Center market.
freedmen's bureau.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate,
being the report of the committee of conference
on the bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau
of Freed men's Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. House bill No. 307 has
been put aside now for about a week. I desire
to get action on it to-day. The Senator from Ne 
vada [Mr. Nye] is prepared to make a speech
upon it, and has been for a week, and I hope the
Senate will be courteous enough to a Senator
young and inexperienced to grant him this morn-
ing to make his speech, and I appeal to Sen-
ators to put aside not only the freedmen's bill
but all other measures, and let us take up this
commercial bill, act upon it, and pass it to-day. I
move, and 1 hope the Senate will sustain me in
the motion, to postpone all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up House bill No. 307.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michigan
knows that 1 am for his bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I say «' let us have it,** but
I ask the Senate to let us have the other bill first;
let us have business according to its order. The
Senate adjourned last night with the report of the
conference committee under discussion; that is
the unfinished business, and I hope the Senate
will proceed with it to a final vote.
The motion of Mr. Chandler was notagreed to.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following ieport of the committee of conference on
House bill No. 51:
'The commutce of confercnce on the disagreeing vot«a
of the two Kou->es on the bill (II. It. No. 51) entitled "An
act to establish a Bureau of Freedmeit's AlF.urs," having
met, after lull and tree confeieuce have agreed to recom-
mend to their respective House* as follows:
That the Senate recede irom their amendment to the
said bill, and tue committee agree to the following as a
substitute :
An Act to establish a Department of Freedmcn and Aban-
doned Lands.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcnca in Congress assembled, That
there is hereby established at the seat of Government of
the United States a Department of Freedmen and Aban-
doned Lands, whose object shall be the good of the freed-
men and the admmistution ot lauds and other pioperty
failing to the national Government in the rebel Suites not
hereto.ore appropriated to other Uses. And this Depait-
inent shall he under thec.ue ol a Commissioner, whoshai!
be appoiuted by the President, by and with the advice and
consent ofthe Senate, with an annual salary of $4,000.
Sec. 2. AwI be it J wither enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Fieedmeti and Abandoned Lauds shall appoint^a
chief clerk, with an annual salary of £j,000, who shall act
also as? disbursing otiieer, and who in all cases during the
necessaiy absence ofthe Commissioner, or when the prin-
cipal othce shall become vacant, shall penoun the duties
ot Commissioner 5 and also such number ofch.uk->, not ex-
ceeding two of each class, as shall be necessary* And the
Commissioner and all p<*r*ons appointed under this act
shall, before enteimg upon their duuea. take the oath of
office prescribed in the act entitled "An actio prescribe
an oath of othce, and for other put poses," approved July
1156'2. And the Commissioner and the chici clerk shall,
before entei ing upon their duties.give bonds to the Treas-
urer ofthe United States, the lorim-r in thesum ot $100,000
and the latter in the sum of £10,000, conditioned lor tiie
faithful discharge of then duties lespeeuvely, with sureties
to he appioved a* sufficient by the AttomeyGencrai, which
bonds shall be hied in the office of the First Comptroller
of the Treasuty, to be by htm put in suit for the benefit of
any injured p<n ty upon any breach ot ttio conditions thereof.
Sec. 3. And be itfui ther enacted, That tiie Commissioner
shall, under the direction of the President, create dis-
tricts ot freedmen and abandoned lands within the rebel
States, not to exceed two in each State, so lar as the same
maybe brought under the nnlitaiy power ofthe United
States; and each district shall be under the supervision of
an assistant commissioner, with an annual salary ot ^2.o00,
under bond as required for the chief clerk, to be appointed
by the 1'resiclent ol the United States, with the advice and
consent of tile Semite, and with Jiuilioiity to appoiu' local
superintendent and clerks, r-o i'.ir tin; -a.nn   lie need-
ed, not, however, more than four in eac'.i ilis-tru t, eiieil of
wiioni shall have an annual compensation not exceeding
& 1.500. . .
S>ec. 4. Jindbe it fin !hr ■ t-nacled. That the Comim «iowr
shall have the geiuu.<l u,)*tmteudeuee ol ai! freedmen
throughout the sev> ( ii ....Met-, and he shall watch over
the execution of all !,.«•. proclamation.-, and miht.uy or-
ders of emancipation o .0 any w.iy concerning treedim'ij;
and he shall esiabti-n r.\.u\Uions from time l" tune, and
cau^e the kidh1 t<  b.- • n.u.ei d lor their n<'<-dml and judi-
cious freatnu  t, pniiemng them in tiie etijoymentof their
rights, promoting their vv« Ifaie, ami seeming to th MU and
tlieir posterity the bi of hberu. And every -uch
fieedman shail b * treated in all respect-, «<sa freeman, with
all pioper remedies in courts of justice, and no power or
contiol shall be exercised with regard to him exeeptm con-
formity with law.
Sec. 5. *dnd be it further enacted, That the assistantcom-
