THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
themselves and support their masters. Now let
them alone; take off their legal disfranchisement
and give them a chance to rise, and they will
show that they are competent and able to take
•care of themselves." But, sir, by this system of
legislation you virtually give the lie to the whole
teaching of the anti-slavery men and women of
this country so far as 1 have known anything of
them for the last twenty years. You now say
that the colored race are not competent to take
(jare of themselves, that they want guardians and
-iOfficers to protect them. But, sir, I would not
.venture to separate from my friends on that ques-
tion if the bill were free from obnoxious provis-
ions in other respects.
There is one other feature of the bill that is lia-
ble to great abuse, to which I wish to call atten-
tion. The ninth section provides that whenever
the Commissioner cannot otherwise employ any
of the freedmen who may come under his care,
he shall as far as practicable make provision for
them with humane and suitable persons at a just
compensation for their services. In other words,
these officers, if they see-fit and cannot otherwise
provide for the freedmen, may let them out on
hire to their old masters from whom they have
been liberated, or to anybody that they see
proper; and in that way, whenever the Govern-
ment comes to be administered by bad men, not
so pure and disinterested and patriotic as we are;
if we have to give place to other men entertaining
less liberal notions than we do on this subject,
what is to prevent those men under the operation
.of the ninth section from reducing the whole col-
ored population back again to slavery?
Mr.CONNESS. The amendment of the Con-
stitution will provide for that.
, Mr. HALE. The amendment of the Consti-
tution ! I am glad to hear that, because gentlemen
begin to understand the force of the Constitution.
But what is an amendment to the Constitution
worth if this bill passes? The Constitution says
that these men shall not be subjected to military
trial; you say " Very well, we willgetaround that
by providing that they shall be deemed so far in
the military service as to be liable to court-mar-
tial."
These are the reasons which will govern me in
my vote against the bill.
Mr.LANE.oflndiana. I shall be constrained
to vote .against concurring in the report of the
committee of conference, and my reasons have
been very fully stated by the Senator from Iowa,
.[Mr. Grimes,] and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale;] but I wish again to call the
attention of the Senate to a bill which has already
passed the House of Representatives upon the
pame subject, which I think in every respect far
better than the report of the conference commit-
tee. The alternative is not between thcreportof
the conference committee and nothing, but be-
tween the report of the conference committee and
the bill which has already passed the House of
Representatives, and is here upon your table.
That bill was passed by the House of Represent-
atives on Saturday last, after the report of the
committee of conference was known and under-
stood by the House of Representatives; and so
unacceptable was that report of the committee of
conference to the House of Representatives that
after that action, by a deliberate vote, they passed
that bill. Now, what are the distinguishing feat-
ures between the two propositions? The bill
which has passed the House simply proposes to
■give the Secretary of War, under the machinery
of a bureau to be controlled by that Department,
power to afford temporary aid and support to
refugees of all classes, black and white. That is
the proposition of the House of Representatives;
the proposition of the committee of conference is
to establish apermanent Departmentoffreedmen,
with a vast machinery, to take charge of the freed-
men, not temporarily, but, so far as we know,
for all time to come.
I am in favor of temporary relief and temporary
support to poor colored persons and equally to the
white refugees. But I have an old-fashioned way
<>f thinking which induces me to believe that a
white man is as good as a negro if he behaves
himself. [Laughter.] Now, sir, the report of
this committee of conference goes upon the suppo-
sition that the negro is wholly incompetent to take
care of himself. The reason assigned for slavery
by slave-masters for the last fifty years has been
that these people are helpless, utterly unable to
take care of themselves; that they have been un-
der the guardianship of their masters so long that
you cannot trust them with their own interests.
As long as you keep them under the guardianship
either of their masters, or of overseers to be ap-
pointed under this bill, so long will they be help-
less and unable to take care of themselves. As
long as you hold them up they will never stand
alone; but the very moment you make them free-
men and secure their rights in the courts of jus-
tice I believe they will be fully competent to take
care of themselves. This proposition of the com-
mittee of conference only proposes a change of
masters, under the provisions of the ninth section.
You appoint commissioners who have a right to
take possession of the farms, lease them to whom-
soever they please, and then they may hire out
these negroes at any price they shall agree upon
between themselves and the lessees of the lands.
That is what I understand to be the provisions of
the bill, and under such provisions, it would in-
troduce, in my opinion, a system of fraud and
swindling unheard of in the history of the world.
You give these poor creatures to the kind protec-
tion of broken-down politicians and adventurers,
and decayed ministers of the gospel, and make
them overseers to make fortunes out of these poor
creatures, and they will treat the negroes, in my
opinion, under this bill, far more cruelly than
their masters under the old slave system did.
I am opposed to the whole theory of a Freed-
man's Bureau. I would make them free under the
law; 1 would protectthemin thecourtsofjustice;
if necessary, 1 would give them the right of suf-
frage, and let loyal slaves vote their rebel masters
down and reconstruct the seceded States; but I
wish to have no system of guardianship and pu-
pilage and overseership over these negroes.
If this objection were not insuperable with me,
the constitutional objection to placing under the
Rules and Articles of War persons who have never
belonged to the naval and military service would
be sufficient; and if that reason did not stand in
the way, there is another reason: this bill comes
herein a questionable shape. The House of Rep-
resentatives passed one bill upon the subject of
freedmen, the Senate passed another; they dif-
fered in their provisions; and the committee of con-
ference instead of, under parliamentary law, tak-
ing into consideration the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, over which alone they had any juris-
diction, come in and report a substitute essentially
different from either the provisions of the House
bill or the Senate bill. In my opinion they had
no earthly power to do so. Is not the whole
character of the bill changed? The bill as it passed
theSenate provided simply fora Bureau of Freed-
men; this provides for all the machinery of a great
national Department of the Government, looking
to no temporary duration or consequences, but a
permanent system by which four million freed
Africans are to be billeted upon the Treasury for
all time to come. We make them free upon the
theoiy that they deserve freedom, that they can
take care of themselves. If I had believed these
four million people were as helpless and as un-
able to take care of themselves as the Senator from
Massachusetts seems to believe by his proposi-
tion, I should have cared little about their emanci-
pation from one master to place them in the hands
of another task-master under the forms of law.
The provision as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives is ample and sufficient to protect the
rights of these Africans. . .
There is another omission in this report which
would induce me to vote against it if every other
objection were removed; and that is, that it makes
no provision for white refugees; it makes no pro-
vision for the fifteen or twenty thousand Afri-
cans in the District of Columbia. This District,
first born to freedom under the grand revolution
made necessary by the progress of the rebellion,
contains fifteen or twenty thousand suffering Afri-
cans here. This bill makes not the slightestallu-
sion to them. There are moie than half a mil-
lion white refugees who have been driven from
theirhomes in the South for no crime except that
they loved their country, were true to their oath
of allegiance, and remembered the grand historic
traditions that cluster around the old flag. They
are beggars, dependents, houseless and homeless
wanderers, ana your committee of conference
makes no provision for them.
I cannot vote for this measure in any shape; and
no man will doubt my anti-slavery record who
knows me. I commenced more than twenty-
eight years ago. The first speech I ever made
in the Indiana Legislature was against the annex-
ation of Texas and the extension of slavery. I
have been true from that hour tp this. I left Ken-
tucky, my native home, the loveliest land Chat .
the sun ever shone upon, simply because I wished
to live among a people who had free institutions.
My grandfather and father before me Were anti-
slavery emancipationists in the State of Ken-
tucky. Nor will any man at home either mis-
understand or misrepresent my position; but
whether they shall or not is matter of sovereign
indifference to me. I stand here to discharge my
convictions of duty according to my own con-
science. If I stand alone, 1 shall vote against
this most mischievous proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand the force of the argument presented by
the honorable Senator who ha^just closed his
remarks, when he objects to the report of the
committee of conference because it proposes to '
take charge of slaves made free, and because in
that it violates the position generally held here-
tofore by himself and his coadjutors on this sub-
ject, that the slaves were able to take care of
themselves, while at the same time he proposes
to support a proposition which notonly proposes
to take care of them, but to take care of white
refugees also. It appears to me that if the negroe3
just discharged from a state of servitude are ca-
pable of taking care of themselves, there is scarcely
a necessity for organizing a bureau or for charging
a Department of this Government with taking
charge and care of half a million white refugees.
I do not know what the House proposition is,
but I should hesitate to vote for any proposition
that proposed to give organized subsistence to
half a million whites, for I am very much in-
clined to believe that both white and black persons
in this country who are in good health and of
certain ages are abundantly able to take care of
themselves. While that proposition may he true,
it is also true, I apprehend, that in the sudden
change from slavery to freedom there must be a
great many black people who require assistance
from us; and differing with the Senator last up,
I will vote for the report of the committee of con-
ference because it is the only proposition, I be-
lieve, that we can get, the best that we can get;
but that failing, if the House bill comes here and
is made acceptable to my mind, I will then vote
for that. I confess that I do not understand the
force of the reasoning 
Mr. GRIMES. The House proposition is here;
I have it before me precisely as it was passed by
the other House and as it now stands before the
Senate; and, with the Senator's permission, I will
send it to the Secretary to be read.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER, lthas been already read three
times in this debate.
Mr. GRIMES. Notatall. I read it last night
as it was first printed, not as it was passed by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator who spoke a
moment ago read it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I did not read it. I
referred to it.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no objection
to the rereading of the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I twill be read
as a part of the remarks of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
The Secretary read the bill (H.R. No. 698) to
establish in the War Department a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, as follows:
Be itenactcd hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Americain Congress assembled, That
a bureau be established in the War Department, to con-
tinue durin" die present rebellion, to which shall be com-
mitted the supervision, management, and control of all sub-
jects relaungjo refugees and freedmen from rebel States,
or fjom any district of country within the territory em-
braced m the operations of the Army, under such i ule^and
regulations as may be prescribed by the head of the De-
partment and approved by the President. The said bureau
shall have one chief, to be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and content of the Senate. who%e com-
pensation shall be $3,000 per annum, and such number of
clerks as may be deemed nccessaiy by the chief of the
bureau, and approved by the Secretary of War, not ex-
ceeding two of the fourth class, two ot the third class,
three of the second class*, and five of the first class.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President may
