1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
I had thought, sir, that no son of America could
speak thus of her judiciary, of whose distin-
guished members it has been said by one of the
purest of American scholars, they " distributed
justice with the same independence and impar-
tiality to the helpless alien and the mighty Napo-
leon, to the humble citizen and the corporation,
to public officers and to States. Neither awed
by power, nor influenced by patronage, nor se-
duced by talents and learning, nor corrupted by
wealth; serene, courteous, and dignified, amid
intimidation and calumny they have never for-
gotten what was due to their own honor and use-
fulness, or to the character of their country
they have been "the pride and honor as they
have been thegoodgeniusof theseUnited States."
Thus, sir, all that is pure, and noble, and vir-
tuous, must be blackened and turned into ashes,
and the very dead defamed, that the public faith
may be destroyed in the excellence of our Gov-
ernment, that party spirit may riot on the ruins
of its Constitution. How much more like a pa-
triot does John Gluincy Adams review the history
of his country for thirty-six years, which gentle-
men are now accustomed to characterize as a tis-
sue of infamy, corruption, and fraud:
"The year of jubilee since the first formation of the
Union has just elapsed; that of the declaiation of our in-
dependence i« at hand The consummation of both was
effected by this Constitution. Since that penod a popula-
tion of four million have multiplied to twelve; a tenitory
bounded by the Mississippi has been extended from sea to
sea; new States have been admitted to the Union equal to
those of the first Confederation; tieaties of peace, amity,
and commerce, have been concluded with the principal
dominions of the earth; the people of other nations, in-
habitants of regions acquired not by conquest but by com-
pact, have been united with us in the paiticipation ot our
rights and duties, of our burdens and blessinga; the forests
have fallen by the ax of our woodmen ; the soil has been
made to teem by the tillage of our farmers; our commcice
has whitened eveiy ocean; the dominion of man over
physical nature has been extended by the invention of oui
artists; hbeity and law have marched hand in hand; all the
purposes ot human association have been accomplished as
utFeetively as undei any other Government on the globe,
and at a cost little exceeding in a whole generation the ex-
penditure of other nations in a single year. Such is the un-
cxag^erated picture of our condition under a Constitution
founded upon the republican principle of equal rights. To
admit that this pictnie has its shades is but to say that it is
still the condition of men upon earth."
How different from the language of this hour 1
Now the shades and imperfections alone are seen,
and the rich blessings conferred by the Constitution
inspire no gratitude. My colleague would reform
the Constitution that we may have,il in truth and
in fact, a republican form of government." The
great statesmen who formed the Constitution be-
lieved that they were establishing, " in truth and
in fact, a republican form of government." Were
they or are these reformers deceived ? Whatlistof
names in the world's history compares with theirs,
Washington, Hamilton, Franklin, Madison, John
Rutledge, and all ? Yet politicians would question
their wisdom and leform the instrument which has
created this great Republic, and which, for sixty
years, even party spirit has not dared to assail.
Sir, that Constitution has been the source of our
greatness, and is now the only ark of our safety.
It is said, sir, that the doctrine of State rights
is the cause of the present war, and this amend-
ment, while apparently aimed at slavery, is in truth
an attack on the rights of the States; not of some,
but of all, at least by the establishment of a prece-
dent. Amend this Constitution now and future
amendments will be easily effected; the argument
of necessity is never wanting. Begin, and con-
solidation is inevitable, and then, sir, how long
will the public hbertysurvive? I deny, sir, that
the doctrine of States rights now so generally
sneered at by those who desire a strong Govern-
ment, has contributed to this rebellion. The pre-
tended right of' secession is a most infamous
perversion of that doctrnife. Mr. Madison de-
clared it to be "a colossal heresy." There is
not an intelligent man in America who in truth
believes that one State or eleven States have the
rightto destroytheGovemment. The proposition
is monstrous; it was a dishonest pretense that
could have deceived no citizen. The rebellion is
the offspung of the fierce partisan feuds between
the politicians of the North and the South and
the remorseless ambition of the southern leaders,
and slavery was the pretense, as the tariff was in
the days of Jackson. It was not the assertiou of
a right, but an appeal t® revolution. I have ever :
ns.v.itcd, sir, that it was the solemn duty of the '
Federal Government to maintain the Union, a
duty from which it could not escape; and if, sir,
in this appeal to arms on the dishonest pretense
of protecting slavery, which has moistened the
land with the best"blood of the Republic,slavery
has perished, there will be no tears shed over its
grave. It is ajust retribution foran unspeakable
crime.
Mr. Speaker, is it necessary to amend theCon-
stitution to abolish slavery? My colleague has said
that nothingcan shield it from its inevitable doom;
no act of ours is necessary to secure that result.
Viewing the present posture of affairs, I concur
in this opinion. Let us see the present status of
the question. Maryland, Missouri, and Louis-
iana have abolished slavery. The negroes of Ten-
nessee capable of labor have been enrolled into
your service; so to a great extent in Kentucky.
The proclamation of the President does in fact (I
do not argue the question,you assert its validity)
abolish slavery wherever our armies occupy the
soil, and what more could a constitutional amend-
ment effect? This covers the whole ground, ex-
cept in Kentucky. In that State bills are now
pending in both branches of her Legislature to
abolish it. I must say, sir, that I should greatly
prefer seeing Kentucky, with her thousands of
gallant soldiers in your Army, by her own act
dispose of this question, than to see it forced upon
her by the power of the Government. It would
argue belter for the future and the public safety.
In view of the passing events, I trust, sir, she will
consider it her interest to abolish slavery, but
the question should be left to the judgment of her
own people.
In'any event, under the present policy of the
Government, if the armed rebellion is overthrown
African slavery is dedff. I do not discuss the
subject, but assert what must be apparent to all.'
If the South arms her slaves in the cause of the
rebellion African slaveiy is dead, no matter what
are the fortunes of the war. In my judgment the
fate of slavery is sealed. It dies by the rebel-
lious hand of its votaries, untouched by the lav/.
Its fate is determined by the war, by the meas-
ures of the war, by the results of the war; these,
sir, must determine it, even if the Constitution
were amended. Therefore I oppose the amend-
ment, because, admitting the full force of your
arguments, it is unnecessary, a dangerous prece-
dent without a benefit.
In the recent election the people decided that
the war should bo prosecuted for the maintaining
of the Union; that question oveishadowed all
others; the derision would have been the same
no matter which of the great parties had tri-
umphed, for the Union was to be maintained at
every hazard. But this question was scarcely
heard of in the canvass, it would have divided
public opinion, for the Democratic party are for
the Constitution as it is; the people are devoted
to the old charter; but on the abstract question of
slavery there is no division of opinion m the free
States. Upon that qiffestion, sir, there can be no
parties in the North.
Other issues loom up in the future. By the side
of this bill is another measure which indicates
your leal policy; it is the entering wedge to the
idea that the freedom of no class of men can be
secure unless they be citizens of the Republic arid
invested with the right of suffrage. I refer to the
next bill upon your Calendar. I but state the fact,
sir, to indicate the ultimate purpose, thp inaugu-
ration of the new era which is to open up the
golden age. Where arc we drifting, sir ? Will
Litis reorganize civil government in the South?
Unless, when their armies are overthrown, we
can reorganize civil government there on the gen-
eral consent of the masses, standing armies are
inevitable, a continued increase of the tremendous
public debt, and, more dangerous if possible than
all, the boundless and corrupting patronage of the
Executive, for unless, as a result of the war, we
restore the Union the sacrifice of our gallant sons j
will be in vain. If by these visionary schemes ,
you prolong the war, and realize all the vagaries
that reformers have dreamed of, will the laborer,
bending hopelessly under the burden of public
exactions, feel that you have advanced the real
cause of freedom ?
I am no apologist of slavery. I know no argu-
ment for its defense. I would to God there was
1 not a slave on the face of the green earth. I have
! ever indulged the hope that time and Providence |
i would relieve this nation from the reproach and I
still preserve tke public liberty unimpaired; but
such are the embarrassments of the question in
providing for the very people you would in theory
incorporate into the body of your citizens, that
in dealing with it as a practical question, even a
son of Massachusetts, with absolute military
and civil power, in Louisiana, only changes the
form of slavery and converts the slave into a serf.
But these are but the incidents of the pending
measure, It is upon the amendment of the Con-
stitution that we decide.
My colleague says, "The old fogy has become
an antique relic." He need not have reminded
us, sir, thatthepreceptsandexample ofourfathers
were forgotten. The condition of a once pros-
perous country too painfully reminds us of tlje
fact. The presence of eager reformers pressing
forward to mutilate the Constitution, to tear dowrt
the venerated landmarks, reminds us too well that
Washington and Adams and Jefferson and Jack-
son and Clay and Webster are dead. The grand
old i#publicans who so long guided the counsels
of the people are no more, and new statesmen, re-
modeling the elements of government, treading
with arrogance where the oid masters would have
trembled, threaten to rob their country and the
world of the fruits of their wisdom and labors.
Seeking to be guided, sir, by then precepts, and
knowing of no light so sure as the light of experi-
ence, 1 am for the Constitution, the grand old Char-
ter, as it is, and if I err, sir, it is in following the
most illustrious examples.
Mr. CRAVENS. Mr. Speaker, before the de-
bate closes on this proposition to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States, I desire to say a
word or two merely to place myself right in re-
gard to the vote 1 shall give. The speeches made
by gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
have tended to leave the impression that those
who vote against this measure are influenced to
do ^30 by a desire to protect and perpetuate the
institution of slavery. I am only authorized to
speak for myself, and in doing so I declare that
no desire to perpetuate slavery will influence my
vote. I shallvoteagainsttheamendmentbecause
I think this is not the proper time to make radical
changes in our fundamental law. 1 shall vote
against it because! believe there could not be that
fair, free, and unbiased deliberation had by the
whole people on the question that its importance
demands, and because, in my judgment, it will
not remove from the halls of legislation a question
that has been a disturbing element for more than
half a century—I mean the question of the con-
dition of the negro, irrespective of his condition
as a slave. I believe that the passage of this
amendment will multiply rather than diminish our
troubles upon that subject. The men who com-
menced and have continued the agitation of sla-
very up to the time of its culmination in the
present civil war will not be content to let the
subject rest with the mere abolishment of slavery
by constitutional amendment; it will still be the
apple of discord while there is any considerable
number of that poor and unfortunate Afucan race
on our soil. I have nothing to satisfy my mind
that it is any part of the policy of the abolitionist
to deport these people when they are liberated;
they must therefore be diffused through the free
States or allowed to remain where they are. I
believe, as a general proposition, that the people
of the free States are opposed to the diffusion of
emancipated negroes among them. They must
then remain where they are; and that being the
case, who does not atoncesee the many perplex-
ing and dangerous questions which are to grow
out of theadoption of the amendment at this time?
If we assume the responsibility of liberating
three or four million slaves by the operation of
this amendment, will we not impose upon our-
selves the moral obligation to provide for and sup-
port all that large number of helpless women and
children, decrepit and old, who would become
mendicants or wandering outcasts without such
protection from us? To my mind this duty is
plain; and I do not desire to incur such fearful
responsibilities in the face of the obligations rest-
ing on us to provide for and look after the com-
fort and welfare of those of our own race who, in
large numbers, have been rendered helpless by
the operations of this terrible war. There are
many reasons which satisfy my mind of the im-
policy of passing this measure at this time._ I
have not had occasion to question the constitu-
