986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
assign to such bureau, for tbe benefit of said refugees and
freedmen, the temporary use of such abandoned lands and
tenements in insurrectionary States, not belonging to loyal
owners, as may be necessary, and may direct such issues
of provisions, clothing, and luel a  ho may deem needful
for the immediate and temporary shelter and supply of des-
titute and suffering refugees and freedmen and their wives
and children, under such rules and regulations as lie may
direct.
Sec. 3. And be U further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws conflicting herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. CGNNESS. It seems to me that that prop-
osition is obnoxious to the general argument pre-
sented by Senators who have spoken upon the
question now pending in theSenate, namely, that
it does propose to exercise governmental care,
jurisdiction, and control over blacks, and over
whites in addition. It appears to me that it is
clearly obnoxious to the strongest argument
which has been presented in this body against
the report of the conference committee.
There is one other objection to the proposition
just read that occurs to my mind; I will not dis-
cuss it, but tetrely state it. According to that
proposition you commit both the blacks and the
refugee whites to the care of the War Department.
How long? Until the termination of the rebellion.
When is the termination of the rebellion to be?
When the President of the United States shall de-
clare that by proclamation. We all expect that
to occur now, happily, very soon; 1 trust that it
will, but can Senators not see that if it should
occur to-morrow, after this entire scheme is put
into operation, it will fall with the proclamation
of the President; and the control of the War De-
partment over the blacks who have been taken
charge of by the Department, and the white refu-
gees to whom possessions have been assigned
upon lands that have been abandoned by rebels,
will cease; the whole scheme will fail the instant
the proclamation of the President announces to
the country that the rebellion is at an end. I am
not willing by congressional action to put a great
scheme in operation that may be terminated thus
at any hour without caring what the consequences
of that sudden termination may be. I suppose
that nothing could be more disastrous to both the
whites and the blacks that might thus be taken
charge of by the Government than such a sud-
den termination of governmental control over
them. But I am not prepared to say at this time
that I could vote for the establishment of a sys-
tem by any Department of this Government by
which half a million whites or any other number
of whites should be taken charge and control of
by the Governmentof the United States; I do not
believe that is necessary. Our Government, I
think, has never failed to relieve the wants of
loyal whites, refugees from the southern States;
rations have been given to them under the orders
of the War Department, as I understand, over and
over again. I doubt very much whether, since
this war began, a suffering white has been refused
support by the Government, where those suffer-
ings have been made known to the Government.
But I do not intend to discuss the question; 1 am
anxious for a vote. I really cannot see the ad-
vantage of the new proposition over the one be-
fore us, and it is doubtful whether I could vote
for it from the slight consideration that my mind
has been able to give it on having heard it read.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the measure
that is under debate is not practical for the present
year. At this very time in the cotton-growing
regions, where they have had peace and the com-
mand of labor, the process of planting cotton is
in full operation. Cotton is planted prior to the
planting of corn in the cotton States, and it is
planted usually in the latter days of February
and m the first days of March, and in the course
of the month of March both the cotton and the
corn crops are planted in the southern States.
This is an important subject. There is great
diversity of counsel among the members of the
Senate and House of Representatives as to its
best disposition. Why then hasten it by the
adoption of a crude and imperfect measure that
cannot be practically put into operation during
this year? There is some sort of system now in
operation in relation to the freedmen and aban-
doned lands in the South. That system neces-
sarily has to continue for the present year. It is
too lace to inaugurate a totally new system and to
give it a piaeneal operation, because the time for
plowing and planting cotton crops has already
arrived, and it is the midst of the business of cot-
ton planting. I think, therefore, that this meas-
ure ought to be dropped for the present, and that
more mature and intelligent counsels should pre-
vail for the purpose of disposing of this difficult
and intricate subject.
But, Mr. President,! have serious and insuper-
able ob)fctions to the measure under considera-
tion. We have all learned, in some form orother,
the corrupting influence of cotton. There is not
a man from the North who has gone to the South
whose position and authority have enabled him to
trade in cotton, that has not fallen under the
temptations that were offered to him, and become
a corrupt trader in that great staple, if the sub-
ject of cotton corruption among the civil and mil-
itary employes of the United Stales Army could
be thoroughly investigated and distinctly pre-
sented to the people of the United States, it would
disclose a mass of venality and corruption that
would shock what little of conscience is left to the
nation in this hour of war. The measure under
consideration is but a legal device for giving
greater effect and efficacy to a system of corrup-
tion in relation to the managementof cotton fields
and the direction of the negro freedmen's labor
necessary for carrying into effect theoperation of
cultivating the cotton fields.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] stated j
it truly that this is but a proposition to change j
This measure proposes that lands to the quantity
of fifty acres shall be let by the Commissioner
and the assistant commi«sionerK to the freedmen.
Where will a freedman find a house in which to
shelter himself and his family upon fifty acrtsof
a vast cotton estate? There are no such houses
except in these villages that are built up by the
owner of the estate around his mansion. They
are not distributed and located so as to be let in
tenements of fifty acres. In addition to that,
where will the freedman get the capital to buy
his horse or his oxen and his plow and other
agricultural implements to put his crop of cotton
or corn in the ground? All these require capital
—capital far beyond the ability of the freedman
to command—and renders the scheme impractica-
ble so far as it professes to be for the benefit of
j the freedman.
j The inevitable result will be that the freedman
S will lease no land. He will not be able to lease
i and to cultivate land. He will not be able to
j purchase equipments of horses and agricultural
I implements that will be necessary for itscultiva-
j tion. Then he must fall into general line and
i become simply a laborer, to be hired by the as-
sistant commissioners or by the superintendents,
and to be hired to some man with whom they are
secretly in partnership, with whom they are to
share the profits and the produce of the freed-
one system of slavery for another; or in other i: man's labor from these abandoned lands.
words, upon the ruins of that system of slavery jl It is true the bill provides that only such lands
which you have overthrown, if indeed you have ;j as belong to disloyal persons shall be appropri-
overthrown it, this proposition is nothing more
nor less than to build up another system of sla-
very, temporary m its character, but which will
hold to more rigorous and cruel service the freed-
man than he was subject to under the old system
of slavery. Sir, what does it propose to do ? It
proposes that an independent Department for
freedmen and for abandoned lands shall beestab-
lished and become one of the great Departments
of our Government. It authorizes the head of
that Department to divide each rebel State into
not exceeding two districts. It appoints a Com-
missioner with a salary of $4,000 to manage the
Department, and it authorizes him to appoint in
each district an assistant commissioner, two su-
perintendents and clerks, and all the machinery of
a great Government Department. It creates ne-
cessarily a considerable, I may say a vast, gov-
ernmental machinery, which will be expensive,
and which will draw for its support largely upon
the Treasury of the United Stares. There is a
delusive intimation in the proposition that it is to
be made self-supporting; but any man who is
acquainted with the South, with free negroes, and
with the general subject of the bill, knows that
for years and years at least this system never can
be worked so as to become self-supporting. It
must be billeted upon the Treasury for the pay-
ment of most of its expenses, and it will draw
largely upon the Treasury for Us support.
But the particular objection I have to it is, in
the first place, that every assistant commissioner
and every superintendent of freedmen and of
abandoned lands in all the districts will be a se-
ciet pauner of every man to whom he lets these
lands upon lease and to whom he assigns any
portion of the freedmen for their cultivation.
That will be the 'nevitable result of the system.
It will run into that abuse, and no guards or pro-
visions which can be thrown around the system
by legislation will ever prevent it from degener-
ating into that abuse. Here, then, Will be from
twenty-two to twenty-five assistant commission-
ers and from fifty to sixty local superintendents,
with theirretinue of clerks and other officers, who
are by this bill required to be sustained by the
military power of the United States. That will
give them energy and give them strength by which
all of their schemes and all of the policy which
they will bring into this new freedmen's Depart
ated to that purpose; but these voracious men, in-
j terested in having a monopoly of the cultivation
i of cotton, being clothed with military power and
| with prima facie authority to gather together in
| their several districts ail the freedmen, to hire
i them to whom they please, and at such wages as
| they may choose, will always take care to hire
. them to their seciet partners. They will do that
| for the purpose of enriching themselves as well
. as these partners.
1 Well, sir, what then will take place? In the
i language of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
j it will be but changing the form of slavery.
! There will be the name of freedman attached to
I the negro, but he will be subject to be taken by
the assistant commissioners and the superiritend-
I ents to be hired out; and if there is any obstacle
j in the way of the performance of this duty they
: are to be backed by the military power of the
United States. These assistant commissioners
; and superintendents are authorized by the law
1 to invoke that power; and if there is any inter-
ference by the courts or by the military power in
j the neighborhood these officers are authorized by
I the bill to supervise the action of the courts, if
j there should be any courts, and even the military
j officers who are in command of the particular
i section of the country are liable to be overruled,
I to be controlled, to be directed in their notions of
: right, and justice, and policy, toward the freed-
j men by the assistant commissioners and superin-
; tendents, by these partners with every lessee to
' whom they will grant lands for cultivation. The
I consequence will be thata few favorites and secret
; partners of these Government officials, corrupted
■ by cotton, will obtain leases of ail the cotton lands
| in large bodies,
; These assistant commissioners and superin-
. tendents are invested by the bill with power to
I hire out the freedmen to whom they will, and at
; whatever price they may agree upon. I havein-
' timated that they will be partners in the culture
of these cotton fields, and no human ingenuity or
arrangement can prevent it. When (heir busi-
ness will be to hire the freedmen to cultivate the
cotton fields the profits of the culture of which
they are to share, is it not inevitable that there
will be vast abuse in the dischai^e of the duty of
hiring the freedmen by these officials ? They will
gather them together, they will present this law
ment shall be rigorously executed at the point of to the freedmen, they will show ih.u i!p> law itself
authorizes them to command the freed men to as-
semble upon any plantation that they ni.jy desig-
nate, to go into the service of any h s--.ee ihey
may name, at any wa^es they urny agfe upon,
and the freedman, awed and intimidated i y the
law, becomes submissive, and emiiely obedient
the bayonet.
Mr. President, what will be the consequences?
There are gentlemen in the Senate who have vis-
ited southern plantations. They know that the
negro cabinsare built in villagesaround the man-
sion. They are not scattered widely over the
broad cotton fields. They are huddled together ! to the mandate of the commissioners and j-uper-
in the form of villages around the mansion uf the !■ mtendents. He becomes a  tractable, ay, moie
owner, and the slaves who have been in the habit 1 tractable and obedient than he ever was to his
of laboring m the fields come there at night for j fwnner master or overseer, because here is the
rest and depait in the morning to their labor. power that has given to him the name of freed-
