220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
tional power of Congress to submit an amend-
ment, provided it is done in the mode and manner
prescribed by that instrument. Taking it for
granted that we have the power, I am induced to
vote against it on the grounds of policy and ex-
pediency.
I do not think that this question entered suffi-
ciently into the considerations which determined
the late election in favor of the present Adminis-
tration to amount to an instruction to the present
Congress to pass the amendment. And if I so
thought I should find my justification in voting
against the amendment in the overwhelming vote
of my district for my successor, who entertains
■sentiments upon this and other kindred questions
in accordance with my own. I am satisfied that
under the laws of war and the incidents attending
it,the problem of slavery is being rapidly work* d
out. I think slavery is dying, and will eventually
die if we will but address ourselves to the one
great subject—the restoration of the Union—by
putting down the rebellion. Already too4nuch
attention has been given to this subject of slavery.
I think the rebelliomwould have been ended long
ago if we had never said a word on the subject.
I had not intended to and would not have said
a word on this subject had it not been for the per-
sistent efforts on the other side of the House to
place us in a false position before the country.
I have not attempted to elaborate or even enu-
merate all the reasons that control my vote against
the amendment.
I am in favor of progress and reform, but when
it is proposed to change the fundamental law of
tile land f would prefer that it should bo done in
the calm hours of peace rather than amid the
storms of rebellion and war.
I look upon this measure as another stumbling-
block thrown by the party in power in the way
of Union. To tho already excited and hostile
mind of the southern people this proposed amend-
ment will appear as a measure of vengeance, dic-
tated by power arrogant with success, and not as
an olive-branch of peace.
It is hopeless jto make a constitutional Gov-
ernment permanent in the establishment of which
the great mass of the people have been deprived
of n free choice. Such choice we well know can-
not be had in the present condition of the south-
ern States which are the theater of war and most
to be affected by the proposed change of the Con-
stitution. In forcing this radical change on an un-
willing people will you not sow the seeds of dis-
content and future revolution? Let well enough
alone. Slavery cannot be saved. Prolong not by
needless legislation here or elsewhere the evils and
dangers which have attended the progress of its
dissolution under the blows it has received in the
house of its friends. Would it not be wiser, in
view ofall the surrounding circumstances, to leave
this question where the Constitution leaves it, to
be dealt with by the States ? Time and events are
rapidly doing their work in the minds of the south-
ern people. Will not the immediate forced abo-
lition of slavery be dearly bought if it shall in-
volve a distraction or even a weakening of our
Federal system of government? Entertaining the
views I have expressed on this subject I shall
vote against the amendment.
Mr. BIIOGMALL, Mr. Speaker, after the
length to which this argument has gone, and the
able manner in which the subject has been pre-
sented on both sides of the House, it would seem
to require some apology from me for offering any
remarks of mine; and the only and best apology
I have to offer is to say that my remarks shall not
be extended. 1 esteem it a great honor to be a
member of the present Congress, if for no other
reason, at least for the opportunity which it affords
me of casting my vote for this resolution. No
matter what errors I may have committed on other
questions since I have been a member of this body,
no matter to whatextent I may approve or disap-
prove of my votes on them, I do know that I shall
approve of the vote which I shall cast upon this
question to the last day of my life.
I do riot propose to enter at length into the
arguments for and against the institution of sla-
very. I look upon the question, whether or not
the institution ought to be abolished in a proper
way, as having been settled by the people at the
last election, and the verdict rendered upon that
occasion I hold must and will be carried out, if
not by this, at least by the next Congress.
But I propose to examine some of the argu-
ments against this measure which have been
offered by gentlemen upon the other side of the
House. It is assumed upon the other side of the
House, by gentlemen who it appears to me ought
to understand the laws of the land, that we have
no power to abolish the institution of slavery.
This* is a very singular -position for any legal
mind to take. Why, sir, the institution of sla-
very is not among the reserved exceptions in the
Constitution of the United States. Wherever
power was not intended to be given to the people
toaltertheirfandamentallaw,itwas so expressed
in the body of the Constitution, and the institu-
tion of slavery does not appear in that instrument
as one of the subjects to be interdicted from the
action of the people upon their organic law.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] says, however, that the power
does not exist in Congress to pass this measure,
because the people m framing the Constitution
did not commit the subject of slavery to Con-
gress; that the power to alter the Constitution
extends only to those subjects which were com-
mitted to the Government of the United States in
the formation of the Constitution. I do not so
read that instrument. And if I did I would deny
the fact upon which he bases his argument.
Sir, the question of human liberty is committed
by the Constitution to the people of the United
States. I have always supposed that the framing
of the Constitution and the formation of our Gov-
ernment were for the express purpose of perpet-
uating and preserving the liberties of the people,
And upon the very threshold of that instiumont
I find authority for thatnosition. We arc told,
in the preamble of the institution, that—
" Wo the people of the United States, in ordet to fonn
a more pcrfeet union, establish justice, inline dome-He
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the
general wcliaro, and ventre (he blessings of liberty to our-
s:eh ct and our posterity, do oiduin and establish tins Consti-
tution. '>
Showing that this very subject was before the
framers of the Constitution, and m diieet and
positive language committed to the Govei nmont of
the United States, to be exercised whenever the
people, m a constitutional way, should call upon
that Government to exercise it.
But the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Fer^
nando Wouo] takes another position—a very
strange position for any man to occupy at this
late day of Christian civilization—and that is, that
the condition of slavery is tho proper and normal
condition of the negro. I thought that that doc-
trine belonged to the past days of tho Republic.
I thought that when the dominant party that ruled
this country for so many years went down, that
doctiinc went down with it. And u may be said,
to the credit of gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, that few, very few, probably none but
the gentleman from New Yoik, has udvoca-ted so
strange a doctrine. *
What! the normal condition of a human being,
his natural and normal condition, is to be that of
a slave ! What is the argument in favor of that
position? What reason can be alleged for it? I
suppose thegentleman will fall back upon the only
one that can be presented; that is, that the con-
dition of the negro now is that of a slave. "Well,
if he should fall back upon that reason, 1 wiil
leply to him that the same argument might have
been madeagainstourforefathers when they raised
the standard of revolution against the Govern-
ment of England; they might have been told they
were then subject to the Government of England,
and therefore should remain so. According to
this doctrine whatever is is to be continued, light
or wrong.
The gentleman's own ancestors were slaves as
abject as any in the South. It has been but a
few centuries since the gentleman's own ancestors
were bought and sold with the land upon which
they lived. More than that, it has been but a
few centuries since our mothers were themselves
forced, by despotic law and custom, to submit
themselves to liberties upon the part of their mas-
ters, and probably the little Norman blood that
exists in his veins, if any docs exist in the veins
of that gentleman, is derived from that circum-
stance.
Suppose some wise statesman of that day had
told our ancestors, when they were being bought
and sold j that it was their normal and proper con-
dition, because it was then their condition, what
would the gentleman's ancestors have said in re-
ply to that argument? Ah! when the question
comes to be turned the other side up; when the
question comes to be put to a man, whether he
himself will submit to be a slave, then it is time
for him to say that slavery is the normal and nat-
ural condition of a human being.#
I remember that, at the last session of Congress,
a question was propounded to one of my col-
leagues [Mr. Thayer] something like this ;
whether he maintained that there existed power
in the people of the United States,under the pro-
vision of the Constitution allowing them to alter
their organic law, to so alter it as to establish
slavery in any State where it does not now exist.
The answer to that question is easy. Power can
do anything that is possible to it, and when tho
people of the United States resolve by physical
force to enslave any portion of a free people, I
know of no means but resistance with the sword
to prevent it. But I do say that there arc some
things that are not within the limits of human
legislation. It is not within the limits of human
laws to legislate away the soul of man; wc can-
not depuve him, by any process of legislation,
constitutional or otherwise, of his free agency; we
cannot legislate awny his liberty. No man can
sell himself. Hence no man can empower his
Government to sell him.
Now I call the attention of the legal gentlemen
on the other side of the Ilouse to a question which
1 propose to put to them, and which I want an-
swered with all calmness and honesty; and in
older that it may not be misunderstood 1 have
reduced it to writing, and will read it. I desire
tho gentlemen from 6l io, [Mr. Pendleton,] who
will probably follow me in this discussion, to
have his attention particularly directed to it, and
I should be obliged to him for aclear and decisive
answer.
By the fifth article of the Constitution of the
United States power is given to three fourths of
the States to change the terms of the compact at
will,(except in the single item of representation
in the Senate,) against the const nt of the remain-
ing States. Now, I desiic to ask those who mge
the principle of State sovereignty against the
pending resolution whether the States, by sub-
scribing to that article, did not, ipso facto, surren-
der their sovereignty; whether a State, entering
into even a mere treaty with other States, by the
terms of which the treaty may be altered at will
by the others against its consent, can, after that,
and under the treaty, still claim to be sovereign.
It looks to me as if those who deny the power to
pass this pending resolution, upon the ground of
State sovereignty, will find it very difficult to an-
swer that question in such a way as to justify the
position they arc taking.
But it is said, as;ain, that we ought not so to
alter the Constitution as to abolish slavery in the
absence of the seceded States. It seems to me
that that argument comes with a very bad grace
from those who are even the apologists of the
doctrine of secession. It is not our fault that
those States are not represented here. We did not
dm c them away. But for their own mad act their
own Representatives might bo here engaging in
this discussion and aiding the gentleman from
Kentucky in preserving his darling institution
and keeping Ins specimens of humanity.
But, again, it is a grave question—a question
which, I believe, divides the opinion of lawyers
in this country—whether or not the resolution
passed by us will requiie the assent of three fourths
of the whole number of States, including those
that have seceded, or of only three fourths of the
States represented in t^e Government at the pres-
ent time. I do not pretend to offer an opinion, at
this time at least, upon that question, though I
entcitain one. But if it requires three fourths of
the whole number of States to assent to the meas-
ure, how are the States that arc not represented
here injured? If they were represented here, or
if they were in a position to vote upon the ques-
tion and were all united, it would make no differ-
ence if three fourths of the whole number were
against them. If, on the other hand, but three
fourths of those represented in the Government
are*necessary, then I fall back upon my fotmer
answer, and say that it is no fault of ours that
they are not in a position to vote upon thia ques-
tion when it .shall be submitted to them. And I
