1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
say further, that inasmuch as these things require
time, inasmuch as the Constitution of the United
States itself was not adopted by the last State that
ratified it until three years after it had been sub-
mitted to the States, there is yet time for those
States to repent, to return to their allegiance, and
cast their votes upon this question.
One of the gentlemen on the other side of the
House objected to the passage of this resolution
because he thought we were interfering with the
province of the Almighty. He says that if it is
the design of the Almighty to abolish the institu-
tion He will do it in His own good time. I most
heartily assent to the last branch of the proposi-
tion; butl say,in reply, that the Almighty'sown
time has come, and He is abolishing the institu-
tion now by our means and by its own act. Wo
are asked, " Why not let the process which is
now going on, and which is liberating slaves day
after day, go on until the institution shall have
been abolished by war?" Mr. Speaker, I would
be perfectly content to letthe institution share the
fate of the rebellion; 1 would be perfectly content
to let the war power exterminate it. But I sin-
cerely hope the war will not continue long enough
for that, and then it will become a grave question,
a question upon which the people and the legal
minds of tins country will be greatly divided,
whether or not the proclamation which has been
issued dining the time of war, and under the war
power, will not fall to the ground upon the return
of those States to their allegiance. At present,
without having examined the question, I incline
to think it will, and with the fear that such may
be the decision of the highest tribunal of the land,
I will vote for this measure in order that so great
a calamity as the extinction of the rebellion with-
out slavery may not befall the American people.
Why, look to it. In our very armies there are
men, owned by the lawsof the States from which
they come, fighting for your liberty, Mr. Speaker,
and mine, occupying the position which, but for
them, might be occupied by your sons and mine,
anil saving our blood by the spilling of their own.
1 ask whether we are going to suffer the remotest
risk of those men being icturned to slavery after
upholding the bannerof the United States against
rebellion; whether we are going to suffer the
smallest risk of their being so returned after their
gallant conduct. 1, for one, am not willing; and
upon that ground, if upon none other, I would
vote for the pending resolution.«
It is said that we are imposing new conditions
upon the people of the seceded States, and that
We will, when we have changed the Constitution,
be doing the unreasonable thing of compelling
them by force to come under these new conditions.
"Why, sir, we are imposing no new condition.
The condition we are imposing 13 a branch of that
very compact into which they entered when they
came into^thc Union with theother States. 'When
they subscribed to that Constitution they sub-
scribed to every part of it. They subscribed to
the power given to the people of the United
States, against their will, to change the organic
law of the land. And that fifth article of the Con-
stitution is as much a part of the Constitution as
any other part of it. It is under that part weare
now acting. Weoie imposing no new conditions.
We ai e simply exercising a power given to us by
them at the tune of the formation of the Govern-
ment, and expressly embraced in the old condi-
tions.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. 1\£a,l-
lory] takes high giound upon this question. He
opposes the resolution upon the ground of hu-
manity. He says that it would be a cruel act to
turn upon the world all of these negiocs. It is
strange that an appeal should be made to human-
ity it> favor of an institution which allows tiie
husband to be separated from the wife, that al-
lows the children to be taken from the mother;
ah! that allows the very children of the deceased
slaveholder himself to be sold to satisfy his mer-
ciless creditors.
We are told that cruelties do not often occur
under the institution of slavery, i grant that. I
believe that as a body the slaveholders are a hu-
mane class of men. Wiien i know the regard 1
have for my horse I can entirely assent to the
proposition that the slaveholder shall be kind to
ins own negro, shall fei d him well, clothe him
nd be proud of him. But that
.iy dislike of the whole inst
my
At does not take away
itution. The very
danger of the evils which I have described, aris-
ing from the institution, is enough to cause me to
do away with it. i would not rest in my bed if
I believed the next morning, in the event of my*
death, my children might be sold to pay some
creditor, though they might be darker than I and
offspring of my crime.
Events like this gentlemen on the other side
will not deny have occurred, are occurring, and
will constantly occur so long as the institution of
slavery exists in the land.
But, Mr. Speaker, I presume that the other
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] had a little
different view of the humanitarian side of this
question. The question of humanity with him
was probably the four hundred specimens of hu-
manity whom he claims to own, and who, by the
laws of nature and of God, have the same right
to own him that he has to own them. If his re-
gard for his property, Ins fondness for humanity
in that sense, stimulates his zeal and fires his elo-
quence, I admit he has reason.
I will conclude, Mr. Speaker, by saying that,
although never a political Democrat, I was never
afraid of trusting the people with any question,
and I cannot appreciate the modern Democracy
that fears to let this question go to the people lest
they should decide it in their own way. Let us
take the initiatory step; let us pass this resolution,
and I believe it will be passed, and by this Con-
gress. Let us pass this resolution, and submit it
to the States. Let us at least hope that the next
President of the United States will be inaugurated
over a Republic wholly free and wholly devoted
to the civil and religious liberty of all the people
within its borders.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I shall
not detain the House long to-day. When ,this
subject was under discussion at the last session of
Congress I endeavored to maintain by argument
that three fourths of the States did not possess
constitutional power to pass this amendment. I
endeavored then tn point out wherein this partic-
ular amendment was of a nature not embraced
within the power granted. I shall not touch
that specific point to-day. I had arrived at that
conclusion after mature deliberation. I have lis-
tened with great attention to the opinions of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House who dis-
agree with me. I have heard my colleague, [Mr.
Ashley,] the gentleman fiom Iowa, [Mr. icab-
son*,] and the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Cuesv ki.i.,] and I have listened to the sweeping
declaration of my colleague [e!"h\ Cox] who sits
behind me. I have endeavored to weigh impar-
tially the arguments which they have adduced in
support of their opinions. I am constrained to
say that 1 have heard nothing which has in the
least degree weakened my faith in the conclusion
at which I had arrived. It is because I cannot
go beyond this question of power, because I am
not at liberty to consider any other question, that
I shall confine myself exclusively to its considera-
tion.
1 will not do my colleague from the Toledo
district [Mr. Ashley] the injustice to suppose
that in his argument on Friday he intended to
make a complete reply to the proposition winch I
endeavored to sustain at the last session.
I understand, Mr. Speaker, the right of revolu-
tion. I know what are its limitations and its
sanctions. Its origin is not in written constitu-
tions; its sanctions are not in penal enactments.
| Its home is in the human heart; its origin is in the
j aspirations of man for progress; its sanction is the
' ultima ratio from whose dread judgment there is
no appeal. The minority of the people may, if
they can, subvert this Confederation, and estab-
lish in its steada consolidated uniiy. Much more
i may a majority. Three fourths of the States may
< abolish this republican form of government, and,
| to use the illustration of my colleague, [Mr. Cox,]
! may elect the King of Dahomey to be their auto-
\ oiat; and then, responsible in the present only to
! (! e nations and to God, and responsible in the fu-
; tuie only to the ages and to civilization, they may
: draw their sword, and if they have the power i i-
j pose that form of government upon the dissenting
States.
! But I beg my colleagues [Mr. Cox and Mr.
, Asiiley] to remember, and i beg gentlemen who
| differ from me to remember, that the right of re-
1 sistance is as perfect; that the duty of resistance
j is more absolute; and that the cause of those who
resist is sacred in the eyes of God and man,'and
will, if they are successful, command the admi-
ration of the world, and crown them with the fame
which belongs to patriots and heroes.
But, sir, we are not discussingthat right of revo-
lution,nor yet the rightof all the States to amend
this Constitution. Weare discussing the powers
of change which are granted by this written Con-
stitution. We are discussing the powers of change
which by that instrument are given to the major-
ity, and the obligation of obedience and of acqui-
escence which is imposed upon the minority. I
suppose it will be admitted as a maxim, subject to
no controversy, that wherever there is a consti-
tutional power in the majority to change the Con-
stitution there is a correlative duty upon the part
of the minority, peacefully, and immediately to
acquiesce. Wherever there is the right of resist-
ance in the minority, there is no rigjit of amend-
ment in the majority.
I have endeavored to maintain that the right of
amendment granted by this Constitution is limited
in two ways. First by the letter of the Constitu-
tion itself, and next by the spirit and intent and
scope of that instrument, and by the idea which
underlies it all as a foundation.
My colleague who sits behind me, [Mr. Cox,]
and my colleague from the Toledo district, [Mr.
Asiiley,] admit that the power of amendment is
limited by the letter of the Constitution itself,
but they assert that it is limited by that rule and
no other. This is the answer made to my argu-
ment on this special amendment. It avoids the
objections I took to it, and asserts in reply the
unlimited power. I shall not repeat those ob-
jections. I beg gentlemen to remember tjrat this
is not a question of revolution or of physical
force; it is not a question of abstract right or of
natural justice, but of power delegated by the
written text of the Constitution itself. From the
times of the ancient prophets he was an honorable
and upright man who stood by his word though
it led to his own injury.
Now I desire .to ask gentlemen whether it is
true that the power of change in#hat Constitution
is limited only by its written language? There
are but three points in which that Constitution,
by its letter, could not be changed. The first waa
the right of impor tatron of slaves before 1808; the
second was the rule of taxation, and the third was
the equality of representation in the Senate. The
prohibition of change in one article was necessa-
lily limited by the article itself to the year 1808.
My colleague from the Toledo district, in the
speech which he made the other day, told us with
reference to this point:
'£ If i read the Constitution aright and under«tand the
force oflangiiirg'1, the section which I have just quoted is
to-day 1'rce iiom all limitations and conditions save two,
one ot winch provides that the suffrage of tire several
States m the Senate shall be equal, and that no State shall
lo-o this equality by any amendment of the Constitution
without iu consent; the other reiates to taxation. Tlieso
are the oniy conditions and limitations."
I deny it. I assert that there is another limita-
tion stronger even than the letter of the Constitu-
tion; and that is to be found in its intent and its
spirit and its foundation idea. I put the question
which 1ms been put before in this debate, can
three fourths of the States constitutionally change
this Government,and make itan autocracy? Itis
not prohibited by the letter of the Constitution.
Mr. ASHLEY. Did my colleague understand
that by my speech I claimed that 
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 understand exactly
what the gentleman claimed,and I am endeavor-
ing to run to its extreme the premises upon which
the gentleman stands to-day, in order to convince
him of the weak point of his argument.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 said in my speech thatany
amendment republican in its character 
Air. PENDLETON. 1 will come directly to
the limitation which the gentleman put upon the
power. I need not ask my colleague from the
Toledo district what answer he will make to that
question, because 1 have it already. He would
say "No; that change is not within the scope of
the power of amendment given to three fourths of
the States." Why? It is not forbidden. It does
not comc within the two classes of limitations and
.conditions asserted by my colleague. Why is it
that this change cannot be made? I will tell you
why. It is because republicanism lies at the very
foundation of our system of government,'and to
overthrow that idea is not to amend but to sub-
