988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
neck and he will take care of himself; give him
n fair chance, a fair opportunity for life, and he
can live. I sympathize very thoroughly with
that ideamyself; but 1 hear it here upon the floor
of the Senate from a quarter from which I have
been accustomed to hear very different sentiments.
I hear it now from a quarter from which I have
heard it said that he was not fit for freedom; that
his only condition was that of servitude; that he
roust have a master and he mnst be a slave.
Now, sir, of one great fact we must take notice
as legislators, and that is, that by the circumstan-
ces and the conditions of this war, by the action of
the Administration, the executive and the legisla-
tive departments of the Government, the slaves of
this country are or are soon to be free. Another
great fact is that they are unprovided for. They
come upon the surface of society unprotected,
un cared for, unprovided for. Are they to exist
in this unorganized, unprovided condition, or is
the Government which is responsible for it, the
Government which has freed them, to step in and
take the direction and care of these freedmen?
Mr. President, 1 do not consider that is an open
question. We are committed, according to my
understanding of the case, to some provident care
and supervision over this helpless, dependent
class of persons. We have already upon the
statute-book laws covering this whole case, and
if you will turn to the rules and regulations of
the Secretary of the Treasury you will find pro-
vision for these freedmen almost identical in its
character and in its provisions with that contem-
plated by this bill. Let us see what is the law,
what is the policy of the Government to-day in
regard to these freedmen. First, we have de-
clared by statute, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has undertaken to carry it out by regulations
prescribed by him with the approbation of the
President of the United States, that it shall be the
duty of the Government to appropriate the aban-
doned and confiscable lands in the rebel States
chiefly for the purpose of employing the freedmen.
We are therefore committed to that policy. We
intend to appropriate the abandoned lands and the
lands which under the laws of Congress are be-
ing confiscated, to the support and maintenance of
this class of persons, and according to the rules
and regulations of the Treasury means have been
taken to produce that result.
In the next place you will see that by the rules
and regulations made by the Treasury, agents are
to be appointed precisely as in this bill, only un-
der another name, " to take possession of aban-
doned lands, tenements," &c.; and then there is
a provision for leasing the lands; then the terms
and stipulations of the leases are given. All this
is set forth in the document before me; so that I
maintain it is the settled policy of the Govern-
ment, by the laws of Congress, that these lands
are to be appropriated to this end, the employ-
ment and support of this great class of persons
thus thrown upon society.
What is the next proposition ? It is what care
and supervision shall we have over the persons
of these freedmen ? I hear it said here, " none at
all; none whatever; allow them to find their own
places." In the infinite disorder that now reigns
in those States, the military disorder and an-
archy that now reigns, and that is likely to reign
until order is restored and the Federal authority
is set up and becomes supreme in those States,
there is no personal security and there is no per-
sonal protection for the rights of these men; and
the question is whether we will allow them to be
the prey of that disorder, or whether the Govern-
ment of the United States will interpose its au-
thority in their behalf, mediate between them
and their former masters, and provide in some
way that they shall have employment, that they
shall have support, that they shall have protec-
tion.
Theexistinglaw ofCongress contemplates that;
and in accordance with that law I find that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has made rulesand regula-
tions, has already a department in the insurrec-
tionary Slates providing for " the employment
and general welfare of all person® within the lines
of national military occupation within insurrec-
tionary States, formerly held as slaves, who are
or shall become free." He goes on to specify
what shall be done. In the first place there are j
agents to carry out these regulations. In the j
second place they are to establish freedmen's i
homes, colonies for the freedmen. Then there is
to be a superintendent of freedmen, and his duties
are specified. Whatarethey? To give employ-
ment, food,shelter, and protection to the freedmen.
Then there is a classification of freedmen and their
wages; the wages of men, women, and children are
classified, and it is his business to see that they are
employed and paid these wages. The fifth article
ofthese regulations is in regard to " employment
to be provided for freedmen of proper age; applica-
tions for laborers to be received and recorded; writ-
ten agreements to be made between employers and
employes, and their conditions,"and so on to the
end of the regulations.
Now, Mr. President, I argue that two things
are settled by the laws of Congress and by the
regulations of the Treasury Department author-
ized under them and approved by the President,
in conjunction with the rules and regulations from
the Secretary of War. First, it is the law and the
policy of the Administration of the Government
that the lands which were abandoned and are con-
fiscable shall be appropriated to the end of giving
employmentand support to the freedmen. in the
second place, we are commuted to the policy that
it is the duty of the Government in some way to
intervene with its authority, its protecting care
over these persons.
So I submit that the large portion of the argu-
ment we have heard here on this subject is en-
tirely outside of anything that is really proposed,
because there is no proposition to repeal the laws
or the regulations to which I have referred, and
the only possible question to be addressed to the
Congress of the United States to-day is, whether
the provisions that have been made are ample,
whether they are sufficient. We have intended
by these rules and regulations of the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Secretary of War to accom-
plish all that the committee reporting this bill pro-
pose to accomplish. And since I have been here
this morning I have been endeavoring to analyze
this bill as reported from the committee; and in
its objects, what it proposes, what it contemplates,
and the methodsto be pursued, it is almost iden-
tical. First,you will see that in the first section
it declares that it shall be the duty of this Depart-
ment to take possession of abandoned and confis-
cable lands; second, that it shall be their duty to
take the direction of the freedmen, the care and
supervision of the freedmen. Then you see in
the object and in the purpose, and almost in
method, they are identical. So to the end; and
the only distinction which i can really see is this:
as the law nowstands the duty is to be performed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, or under his
direction and supervision aided by the Secretary
of War, while by the measure proposed by the
committee it is to be transferred to a distinct De-
partment of the Government. One perhaps is a
little more extended in its details, one perhaps is
alittle more permanent in its organization. Iam
not disposed to doubt that this bill having had
the consideration of the committee, it is in its de-
tails somewhat more perfect and more elaborate
than the one we already have. What I mean to
say, and all I desire to say, upon the subject is
that in the objects and purposes there is no dif-
ference between the law as it now stands and the
law as it will be if the bill now proposed by this
committee be passed. The only question which
I see is whether really there is any necessity for
this legislation. Upon that question, I have been,
by the discussion and some examination of the
subject, led somewhat to doubt; but as I said in
opening my remarks, I had supposed as a matter
of course that I should give my adhesion to this
bill. I am not sure that in doing so I shall im-
prove the matter.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr/President, I hesitate to
add one word to this protracted debate, and in
what I shall say I trust to be brief, and to speak
directly to the point. *
The Senator who has just taken his seat doubted
whether the question could be considered at this
moment as practical, whether, in short, there was
a practical necessity for this measure. Sir, I have
in my hand a letter which I have received this
very morning from an officer,well known through-
out the Northwest, of the Northwestern Freed-
men's Aid Commission, dated at Chicago, Febru-
ary 18,1865,and addressed tomysplf, as follows:
" I am distressed to tlie Department hi!! hanging In
the Senate. You can fiardty overestimate our daily and
hourly need of a new administration. Pardon me if J beg
you to press It to a safe conclusion."
Now, sir, 1 believe that these earnest words are
the voice of all throughout tins country, from the
Atlantic coast to the distant Nortii west, who from
the beginning of this war have interested them-
selves in the fortunes of the freedmen. Could
their voice penetrate this Chamber they would
say, with this writer, Press this bill to a conclu-
sion. 1 wish I had the ability to do it. I wish
I were able to impress upon the Senate the im-
portance of this question, as it presents itself to
my mind. But I say nothing further on that head;
I pass at once to the objections which have been
made.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
has reproduced to-day an objection which was
made lasteverimg.and which has been made more
than once in this discussion. He objects to the
twelfth section, providing lhat certain officers en-
gaged in this service shall be so far deemed to be
m the military service of the United States as to
be liable to trial by court-martial or military com-
mission. Why, sir, that clause came fiom the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doouttle.] It
was introduced into the original bill, on his mo-
tion, without a division of the Senate. At the
time that he presented it there was but one gen-
eral accord that, under the circumstances, it was
a proper provision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will recollect that at that time, while
the question was pending in the Senate, it was be-
lieved, at all events by many persons m the Sen-
ate, and I among the number, that this bureau if
established was to be a bureau of the War De-
partment, and under the control of the War De-
partment; and as it was necessarily mixed up
with the affairs under the control of the military
commanders of those districts, I felt that it was
perfectly proper to secure against the frauds which
might arise through the instrumentality of these
special agents and commissioners, by providing
that they be put under military control, and sub-
ject to trial by court-martial.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
At the time he introduced his proposition the vote
had been taken more than once by which the
Senate had decided that this bureau should not
be in the War Department, but should be in the
Treasury. It was already the declared will of the
Senate that the bureau, if constituted as a bureau,
should be in the Treasury Department, and not
in the War Department; and it was after those
votes of the Senate that the Senator from Wis-
consin introduced into the bill the proposition
that has been assailed by the Senator from New
Hampshire. The proposition cannot be changed
in character even by the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin. It is just as effective, just
as regular, and justas constitutional if the bureau
be in the Treasury Department as if in the War
Department. There can be no difference between
the two cases.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not take issue with
the Senator in what he now says, that it would
be just as constitutional if the bureau was in the
Treasury Departmentas in the War Department,
provided the scope of ihe bureau was to be con-
fined to operations within the military districts
where we have commanders actually in the field
exercising their military powers.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill that is now before
us is substantially the bill into which the Senator
from Wisconsin introduced the provision in ques-
tion. The bill has not been varied in any essen-
tial particular, except so far as it has established
a Department by itself, instead of a bureau in
another Department; and 1 say, therefore, that the
proposition that has been assailed is now just as
defensible as it was when originally introduced by
the Senator from Wisconsin. Let me say that
when introduced by that Senator I did not oppose
it, for the simple reason lhat I was willing to do
all in my power to surround these freedmen, for
whose good I was laboring, with ail possible pro-
tection, and to that end 1 was willing to go to the
full exient of the precedents in the legislation of
the country, even to the extent of bringing mili-
tary power to bear swiftly against these officers,
in the event of any crimes, or peculations, or
fiauds on their part. I say 1 was willing to bring
the powers of tlie Government according to the
precedents of our legislation to bear against the l.
