222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vert the Constitution of the United States; and I
say that if three fourths of the States should under-
take to pass an amendment of that kind, and Rhode
Island alone dissented, she would have the right to
resist by force. It would be her duty to resist by
force; and her cause would be sacred in the eyes
of just men, and sanctified in the eyes of a just
God. Lot me go a little further. Can three fourths
of the States make an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States which shall prohibit the
State of Ohio frorn having two houses in its Legis-
lative Assembly. My colleague would not agree
to that. Why not? It is not prohibited in the
Constitution. The letter of the Constitution is
not against it. It isan amendment which may be
republican in form; it contravenes no tenet of re-
publicanism that a Legislature shall be of one
house only. Why could itnot be done? Because
the equality of the States lies at the very founda-
tion of our system, and also because the control
of the States over their internal affairs is equally at
its foundation. And I know my colleague too
well to suppose that he would not join with me
in saying that such a usurpation of power on the
part of three fourths of the States would justify
our own State in drawing the sword.
Sir, can three fourths of tlie States provide an
amendment to the Constitution by which one
fourth should bear all the taxes of this Govern-
ment? It is not prohibited. To be sure there is
a rule in the Constitution that taxation shall be
uniform, but that provision, according to the the-
ory of my friend'from Ohio, is revokable and
changeable as the rest.' The gentleman knows
that that amendment would not be within the scope
of the powergranted to three fourths of the States,
and that it would justify resistance.
Can three fourths of the States, by an amend-
ment to this Constitution, subvert the State gov-
ernments of one fourth and divide their territory
among the rest? It is not forbidden; I read no
prohibition in the language of the Constitution, and
yet my colleague would not contend that could
be done. He would justify resistance.
Can three fourths of the Statfcs so amend the
Constitution of the States as to make the northern
States of this Union slaveholdiug States? The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tiiayuii] at
the last session said that in his judgment it mi«ht
be done. I know that the majority of this House
would repudiate that doctrine. I would repudiate
it myself. Believing, as I do, that the Federal
Government can 110 more make a slave than it can
make a king, I, for one, would be ready to resist
it to the last extremity.
Mr. THAYER. I think the gentleman from
Ohio does not precisely quote the answer that I
gave to the question that he has just referred to.
It I recollect rightly the answer which 1 gave to
the question upon the occasion referred to, it was
that So far as slavery could be rendered lawful, a
constitutional provision making it lawful in all
parts of the United States would have a binding
and legal effect upon the people of the United
States.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understood that to be
the position of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
and if I expressed myself cleaily { meant so to
represent Jam, and I meant in behalf of myself to
repudiate that proposition, for I do not believe that
it lies within the power of three fourths of the
States to give to the Federal Government the
power to make the citizens of a State slaves within
its jurisdiction.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman still, I think,
fails to apprehend the character of the answer
which I gave to his question. I have never con-
ceded that an amendment or a law of the barba-
rous character suggested by the question would
have a moral force or a moral obligation upon the
people of the United States. But what I said, in
answer to the question of the gentleman from
Ohio was, that it would have the force of law,
the force of an amendment of the Constitution;
that the law, if it was opposed to the inalienable
rights of the people of the United States, would
be, if I may use a contradictory expression, an
unlawful law, a law which you could not enforce,
a law contravening the inalienable rights of the
citizens of this country.
1 hope, sir, that I have made myself understood, i
I do not wish to be placed in the position which |
the last remark of the gentleman from Ohio as- 1
signed to me, of saying that either a law of Con- i
gross or any amendment of the Constitution which
could be adopted by the people of the United
States could introduce slavery into a State, but 1
.say that so far as it would have the effect of law
it would legalize it.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I would
not do injustice to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania's 1 believe he well knows. I go a step
further than he does. I say that it would not be
binding in morals; I say that it would not be
binding in law. It would be illegal. It would
be void. It would have 110 more sanction than
that which the power of those who chose to im-
pose it would be abl£ to give to it. It would be
binding on those who would come within the
power of the sword of those who made it, and on
no other.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, if that be the
position which the gentleman designs to occupy,
I should like to have that gentleman inform the
House where any portion of the people of this
country derived the power to make any other
portion of the people slaves in the first instance.
Mr. PENDLETON. They did not derive it
from the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I ask where they did derive it.
Mr. PENDLETON. They did not derive it
from the Constitution of the United States. They
did not give to the Constitution, or rather to the
Government of the United States which the Con-
stitution formed, the right to interfere with it
where it existed. I will not b6 drawn now into a
discussion with the gentleman as to the origin of
slavery, nor to the law, which lies behind the
Constitution of the United States and behind the
governments of the States, by which these peo-
ple are held in slavery. When that subject is
pertinent I will not hesitate to enter into the de-
bate. Perhaps he and I might not differ about
that. But] am discussing the question which is
put forth so ostentatiously by the other side of
the House, that under the Constitution—not by
the right of revolution—under 11s clauses and
provisions, there exists the power to make this
amend merit.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does ihe gi-ntlemaa from
Ohio yield to the gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speakei, I rose a moment"
ago, as the gentleman knows the esteem in which
I hold his ability on these questions, to state this
to him, and to make an inquiry. It seems to me
that he has taken the extreme giound of the ex-
tremest abolitionists, so frequently denounced by
his political associates on this floor and at the
other end of the Capitol, of a higher law than the
Constitution itself. I state that as a preliminary
to the inquiry which I propose to make. He is
referring every proposed amendment to the indi-
vidual opinion of a man as 10 whether it aceoids
with the spirit which underlies the Constitution
and irrespective of its letter. If that be so, it is
a direct appeal to and an adoption of what has
been obnoxiously styled the higher law as main-
tained by extreme abolitionists" time and again.
Now, I wish to ask on this identical logical point
to be derived fiom his premises, did not those who
framed the Constitution affect the subject which
he declares now to be incapable of amendment,
when they prohibited every State from increasing
its interest in slavery by any importation of the
people from abroad who could increase it, and in
what respect this amendment differs in kind from
that incorporated in the Constitution itself, which
declares to the States that they shall not swell by
one, after the year 1808, the slaves they then had
within their borders? I ask him Qti principle, not
011 detail, on kind, not in degree, what the differ-
ence is.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, it is well
for gentlemen to understand exactly the position
which their antagonists occupy before they go
into a discussion of the kind suggested by my
friend from Iowa; and I would like him to answer
the question whether or not he believes, with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,]
that the adoption of an amendment of the Consti-
tution, such as I alluded to, would legally carry
the institution of slavery into the 1101 them Slates.
Mr. KASSON. I will aiibwer that question
January 11,
directly the gentleman frankly and clearly an-
swers mine.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman says he
will answer my question as soon as I answer his.
I say they did not touch this question of slavery
in the States, or the power of each State over its
citizens. I say to him that I was very unfortu-
nate if I did not make myself clearly understood
in the proposition that I was arguing. I was con-
sidering the powers guarantied by the instrument
itself. I was considering only those powers, and
I expressly distinguished between the right of
revolution and the right under which gentlemen
claim that they have the power to make this
amendment.
For all purposes of this argument I have only
sought to place myself on the Constitution of the
United States, and not to invoke the authority of
any law higher than it. I have taken extreme
cases. I told my colleague [Mr. Asiilev] that I
intended to take extreme cases, because it is only
by extreme cases that the soundness of principles
can be measured.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] in order to fully
understand the theory upon which he is conduct-
ing this argument, whether he believes that the
States, acting m what he calls their sovereign ca-
pacity, have the power or the right to make a
portion of the people of a State slaves?
Mr. PENDLETON. That is a question which
I will discuss with the gentleman fiom Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] whenever it is pertinent to the subject
in hand.
Mr. WILSON. I was going to suggest to tho
gentleman thatl understood his theory to include
that. If I misunderstood him, then I ask his par-
don.
Mr. PENDLETON. The question which we
are discussing to-day is not the power of the State
government to decide the status of the people
within its boundaties. But the question is as to
the" pu wer reserved in this compact of confedera-
tion to its constituents, which are the States.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker 
Mi. WADS WORTH. I object to the gentle-
man (rum Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] yielding the
Door to any further interruption.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope my friend will
not object to any questions until I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will cause the
mle to be read.  
The Cleik then ^ead the following rule of the-
House: ^
" While a member is occupying the floor he may yield
it to another foi explanation ot the pending measure as well
as ior personal explanation."
tS\The SPEAKER. The rule is a very broad
<*ne. The Chair does not see how the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] can be limited in
his right to yield the floor to any member who
may desire to ask him a question. *
Mr. BOUT WELL. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] to say that he
dissented from the doctrine that the power to
amend the Constitution was an unlimited power.
I wish to say that I also dissent from that doc-
trine. I do not agree that under the article of the
Constitution authorizing amendments we have
the right to amend the Constitution so as to estab-
lish slavery , or to invite the King of Dahomey to
rule over this country. I think the limitation, if
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] will
bear.with me a moment longer, is found in the
preaYnble, as follows:
" Wo, the people of the United Ptates, in oidor to form
a more petfoct union, establish justice, Insure domestic
tianquillity, piovide for tiie common deiense, promote the
gpnetal vvf'ltare, and secuie the bleating^ of libeiry to our-
selves rind our posterity, do oidum and estabJiali tin* Con-
stitution." *
One provision of the Constitution is that in a
certain way it may be amended. Whenever it is
amended it must be amended, in order that it may
have both moral and legal forcc, in conformity
with the objects for which the Constitution was
framed, as set forth in the preamble. And an
amendment which tends to ((a more perfectunion,
to establish justice, fo insure domestic tranquil-
lity, to provide for the common defense, to pro-
mote the general welfare, and to secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity," is
an amendment which, when made according to the
form prescribed in the Constitution, is both mor-
ciliy and legally binding upon the people of the
