1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
You do not forget an authoritative precedent. I
have before me the statute of 1862, July i7, pro-
viding the punishment of contractors found guilty
of fraud. In that statute it is provided (section
nine) that—
t( Any person who shall contract to furnish supplies of
any kind or description tor the Arinv or Navy shall be
deemed and taken as a part ot the laud or naval forces of
the United States for which he shall contract to furnish
said supplies, and be subject to the rules and regulations
for the government of the land and naval forces of the
United ritaies."
I take it when the Senator from Wisconsin
introduced this provision into the original bill he
had before him that precedent; he has followed
its language, and if the provision which is now
assailed is justly assailable, then is this earlier
provision equally assailable. I submit, therefore,
that thearguments which have been made against
this provision must fall to the ground unless you
are ready to declare that the earlier provision
under which the Government is now acting is
wrong.
Mr. DAV^B. Will the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts remember that I opposed that sec-
tion in the bill at the time on the very ground now
taken?
Mr. SUMNER. I believe the Senator is right.
I have no special recollection of it, but I know
that he generally has opposed all that class of
propositions.
Now, sir, what was the vote of the Senate
when this question came up for a final vote ? The
Senator from Wisconsin had already introduced,
his proposition; it was in the bill; and the ques-
tion was on the passage of the bill with that iden-
tical provision in it. I have before me the yeas
and nays, which I shall read from the Journal of
the Senate under date of June 29, 1864.
" Those who voted in the affirmative are—
u Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,Doolitt!e,
Foot, Foster, Hailan, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morgan,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Wmkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson.
"Those who voted in the negative are —
" Messrs. Buckalew, Carhie, Cowan, Davis,Hendricks,
McDougall, Powell, Riddle, and Willey."
That is the record. Now, when your commit-
tee of conference, following that record, have sim-
ply leported this measure back to the Senate, it
is assailed as few measures ever before have been
assailed, and all arguments, constitutional, polit-
ical, personal, have been brought into debate. Is
this just ? Is it according to the usage of the Sen-
ate? 1 submit that the conferencc cornmitteehad
no alternative. It wastheirduty to representee
Senate in its recorded votes, and there was that
recorded vote of 21 yeas to 9 nays. In all sim-
plicity, the conference committee have so acted.
For one, I did not feel myself at liberty at that
time to open a discussion which seemed to have
been foreclosed by a vote of the Senate, and I
acted accordingly. I believe that I followed the
usages of this body, and also the dictates of sound
sense.
But then, sir, comes another objection. It is
to the fifth section, where it is provided that the
Commissioner shall rent or lease such real estate
or any portion thereof to freedmen, or permit the
same to be cultivated, used, or occupied by them
on such terms and under such regulations as the
assistant commissioner and such freedmen may
agree; and if the lands or other property afore-
said shall not be required for the freedmen, then
they shall rent or lease the same to other persons
on such terms and under such regulations as shall
be mutually agreed upon. Senators rise here,
and catching a tone from the worst days of the
olden time, when slavery filled this Chamber with
its voice, say that they wish to do something for
whites as well as for blacks, and therefore, for-
sooth, they cannot vote for this proposition ! And
what is this proposition ? It issirnply to author-
ize the Commissioner to lease—nothing more—
abandoned plantations for one year to freedmen,
and if he cannot make terms with the freedmen,
then he is to find such other persons as he can,
and Senators here, with the old slavery cry, say
that they wish to do something for the whites.
1 have already asked, on another occasion, whose
sweat is it that has fertilized these lands? Whose
rights lie at the very foundation of the war in
which wearenow engaged ? Whose rights have
for generations been assailed? It is fit that the
freedmen should enjoy the first-fruits of return-
ing justice, and they need them. They need
precisely this very provision forprotection against
speculators from abroad, who otherwise would
monopolize these very lands; and they need them
also for the protection against their white neigh-
bors, who have not yet recovered from the virus
of slavery.
Some of you have heard of a patriot general who
fell not far from here, on the way to Richmond
last spring—I mean General James S. Wads-
worth, of New York. Shortly before he entered
into that last conflict where he lay down to sleep
forever, he visited Louisiana, and there on the
spot he made himself acquainted with the condi-
tion of the freedmen and their necessities; and
now listen to what he wrote:
" There is one thing that must be taken into account, and
that is, that there will exist a very strong disposition among
the masters to control these people and keep them as a
subordinate and subjected clas^. Undoubtedly they intend
to do that. 1 think the tendency to establish a sy&tein of
serfdom is the greatdangerto be guarded against. I talked
with a planter in the La Fourche di&trict, near Tibadou-
viile; he said he was not in favor of secession; he avowed
his hope and expectation that slavery would be restoied
there m some Jorin. I said, 'If we went away and left
these people now do you suppose you could reduce them
again to {slavery ?' He laughed to scorn the idea that they
could not. ' What.' said I, 'these men who have had arms
in their hands?' 4 Yes,5 he said; ' we should take the arms
away from them, of course.' "
Such was the testimony of this gallant general
and patriot observer, who now from his tomb in-
vokes the intervention of Congress for the protec-
tion of these freedmen. 1 might accumulate tes-
timony without end in the same direction illus-
trating the necessity of some such provision.
Here is Colonel Hanks, who expresses himself
as follows:
"If civil government be established here and military
rule withdrawn, there is the greatest danger that theuegio
would become subject to some form of'serfdom."
Then again there is similar testimony 
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question at this point? Iam not
sure, but my impression is that this bill calculates
that the superintendents of these freedmen are to
be white persons. Am I correct in that?
Mr. SUMNER. There is no distinction of
color. Nothing is said about it.
Mr. CARLILE. If that is contemplated by
tiie bill, I merely wish to call the attention of the
Senator to what would probably be its effect.
If these superintendents are white persons, and
these freedmen are subject to the terms and pro-
visions of the bill under these white persons, I
thinkthat what General Wadsworth fears isvery
likely to take place, and that there will be a sys-
tem of serfdom.
Mr. SUMNER. General Wadsworth was not
anticipating any serfdom from the friends of the
colored race. It was from their ancient enemies,
those who had claimed to hold them as property.
Those were the persons against whom General
Wadsworth warns us. He did not warn us
against the friends of the colored race.
I was saying, when the Senator did me the
honor to interrupt me, that I might accumulate
illustrations in this sense withoutend; but I will
content myself withone other. Colonel McKaye,
of New York, one of the moat intelligent friends
of the colored race, while he was in the South-
west, had a conversation with Judge Humphreys
of Alabama, which he has recorded as follows:
" Judge Humphreys says, 'I believe, in case ofa return
to the Union, we would receive political cooperation, so
as to secure the management of that labor by those who
weie slaves. There is really no difference, in my opinion,
whether we hold them as absolute slaves or obtain their
labor by some other method. Ot" course we prefer the old
method. But that question is not now before us."'
I have read these opinions merely to bring
home to the Senate on authoritative grounds the
importance of providing some protection for this
large body of freedmen, who may now justly
look to the national Government as their guard-
ian. It is that Government which has given to
them the great boon of freedom. It is for us to
go further, and see that freedom is something
more than a barren letter. We must see that it
is a living word, of which they can avail them-
selves always, and which will be to them every-
where fruitful of good.
Mr. President, I did not intend to enter into
this discussion this morning. £ hoped that a vote
might be taken without further debate. I have
no desire to debate it. To my mind the question
is perfectly clear. If you reject the pending
measure you voluntarily refuse to carry forward,
that great act of emancipation which you have,
already sanctioned. 1 say, therefore, for the sake,
of emancipation, let the report of this committee;
be adopted; and I appeal to you, Senators,.'d;o,
not be afraid to be just.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know, Mr. Presj-,
dent, that I am afraid to be just. However it
may be with myself, I am satisfied there is no,
member of the Senate who is not as willing to, be;
just as the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will give-,
way for one moment. I desire simply to give;
notice that to-morrow at one o'clock I shall ask,
the indulgence of the Senate to take up the forti-
fication bill. I wish to give the notice now ^o as
not to interfere with the measures of other Sen-
ators.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am a little surprised, Mr.
President, that the Senator, who tries to be court-
eous, and I suppose that he is courteous for the
most part, should attempt to influence the Senate
by appealing to their supposed apprehensions of
the effect of their votes. That Senator has been
long enough in this Chamber, I should think, to
believe that there is not a member who is not as
decided in his opinions and as willing to take the
responsibility for acting upon them as he is, or
any member of the Senate who ever came from
Massachusetts.
The question before the Senate is whether thia
particular project shall receive its sanction. I
understand—and the Chair will set me right if I
am wrong in that particular—that the Senate have
no control over the report of the committee by
way of amendment. It must be, therefore, taken
in the whole, orrejected in the whole; and if there
be any provision in the report which is inconsist-
ent in the opinion of any member of the Senate
with the oath which he has taken to preserve the
Constitution it is his duty to vote against the re-
port.
Before I proceed verybriefly to state why I sup-
pose it contains such a provision, I beg leave to
state to the honorable member from Massachu-
setts that there is no present need for this partic-
ular enactment. There is now upon the desk of
the Senate a bill, passed almost with unanimity
by the House, making provision sufficient to an-
swer the exigencies of the moment, and providing
not only for the freedmen,as the honorable mem-
ber calls them, but for those who were born fiee,
the white as well as the black. Itis entitled, " An
act to establish in the War Department a Bureau
for the RelitfofFreedmen and Refugees," and it
reads as follows:
Beit enacted, Sfc., That a bureau be established in the
War Depaitrnent, to continue (luring the present rebellion,
to winch shall be commuted the supervision, management,
and contiol of all subjects relating to refugees and fieed-
raen troin rebel States, or from any district of country
within t he tei ritory embraced in the opeiations of the Army,
under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the head of the Department and approved by the President.
The said bureau shall have one chief, to be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, whose compensation shall be $3,000 per annum,
and sueh number of clerks as may be deemed necessary by
the chief of the bureau, and appioved by the Secretary of
War, not exceeding two' of the fourth class, two of the third
class, three ot the second class, and five of the first class.
Sec. 2. And be it fuither enacted, That the President
may assign to such bureau, for the benefit of said relugees
and freedmen, the temporary use of such abandoned lands
and tenements in msurreetionaty States, not belonging to
loyal owners, as may be necessary, and may direct sueh is-
sues of provisions, clothing, and tuel as he may deem need-
ful for the immediate and temporary shelter and supply of
destitute and suffering refugees and fieedmen and their
wives and children, under such rules and regulations as be
may direct.
Sec. 3. Jini beilfurther enacted, That all laws and parts
of laws conflicting herewith are hereby repealed.
If the President performs his duty under that
act, provided it should become a law, (and no one
has a right to doubt that he will perform his duty,)
there can be no suffering among the black refu-
gees or the white refugees. And although it is
true that the black refugees outnumber the white,
yet it is equally true that the white refugees num-
ber a very great many, and are in a state of al-
most hopeless destitution. The bill now before
us makes no provision for them. Pass this bill,
and they may starve Should they be permitted
to starve ? What have they not done? Surrounded
by all the influences that have carried away some
of the best men in the country, they have sturdily
resisted them, and at the hazard of life and all that
they held before the rebellion took place. They are
