228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
The last evil objected to in the treaty, therefore,
has been cured. I have shown you that if the
Treasury needs more revenue there are other
•ways in which it car) be supplied without depriv-
ing the people of the advantages they derive from
this treaty. To cut down their trade is not the
way in which to prepare the people to be taxed.
It is not a sound argument to adduce here or else-
where to say that when you have deprived the
people of the United States of this trade which
now amounts to $40,000,000 annuaHy they will
be in a better position to pay your taxes and
sustain the public credit.
But the argument so far, if ever so successful,
lias only shown that the reasons urged against
the treaty are untenable. I now beg the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few moments while I
name three reasons which, in my judgment, for-
bid the repeal of this treaty.
Sir, what is the reciprocity treaty? It is a com-
pact entered into between this Government and
the Government representing Canada and the ad-
jacent British provinces lying on our northern
border, by which they agree to exchange certain
articles of produce of the respective countries,
and to admit into the respective countries those
articles without any duty. The articles enumer-
ated included nearly all the kinds of raw material
which are produced in the United States and in
the British provinces respectively. They are:
"Grain, flour, and breadstuffsof a!! kinds; animals of all
kinds; fresil, smoked, and salted meats; cotton-wool,
seeds, and vegetables; unilried fruits, dried fruits; fish of
all kinds; products of fish and of all otlier creatures living
in tile water; poultry, eggs, hides, furs, skins, or tails un-
dressed , stone or maihle in its crude or unvvrouglit state;
slate; butter, cheese, taliow; lard, horns, manures; ores
of motals of all kinds; coal; pitch, tar, turpentine, ashes;
timber and lumber of all kinds, lound, hewed, sawed,
unmanufactured in whole or in part; firewood; plants,
shrubs, and trees; pelts, wool; fish oil; rice, broom-corn,
and bark; gypsum, ground or unground; hewn orwiought
or innvrought burr or grindstones; dyestufls; flax, hemp,
and tow unmanufactured; unmanufactured tobacco; rags."
These articles, which ar% the produce of the
United States, are by the treaty admitted into all
these British provinces free of duty, and the like
articles, the products of those provinces, are un-
der the treaty admitted into the United States free
of duty. Beyond this,and for this, the Canadas
agree to pay something like boot as a condition,
or as an equivalent for entering into this compact.
They give to 'our commerce the use of the St.
Lawrence river, and of the Canadian canals upon
the samo terms under which the Canadian com-
merce enjoys that use. They give to us the use
of the St. John's river for floating (town our lum-
ber cut upon its head waters; and they give us a
common fishery throughout all their bays and
their coasts.
Now, Mr. President, to say for a moment noth-
ing about the value of this fishery, nothing about
the value of the use of the St. John's, nothing
about the value of the navigation of the St. Law-
rence, what is the compact so far as it relates to
the exchange itself? Canada puts herself and her
productions named in the treaty upon a par with
us. She says, " we are willing to compete with
you; you can produce more cheaply than we can,
more abundantly than we can; if you can under-
sell us wo are your purchasers; if we can produce
more cheaply than you, if we can undersell you
roU are our purchasers." Believing as fully as
do in tho capacity of this country, f should not
say it was a very bad bargain of itself; and if we
got no boot I think we could afford to abide by
that contract. I should think so irrespective of
any actual returns showing its operation.
The Senator from Vermont told us yesterday
that bethought he knew why the treaty was made.
He thought it was made for the purpose of pre-
venting the annexation of those provinces, to this
countryi I cannot say that it was not, but I do
not see anything in the treaty which has that
tendency, and certainly there is nothing shown
of the operations of the treaty which could have
that tendency. The Senator says they were un-
easy because they had no outlet for their prod-
ucts; that by this treaty an outlet was provided,
a market was opened to them, the discontent was
all allayed, and Canada has been content with her
old allegiance. Well, sir, we have seen by all the
figures which have been cited here that there was
no market created for them. True, they havesent
some certain commodities here, but they have re-
ceived a larger amount in value from us. In other
words, they have purchased from us more than
tiiey have sold to us every year since the treaty
was enacted. I do not believe, therefore, that that
was the purpose for which the treaty was made.
I do not undertake, myself, to know why it was
made; but I do know what the treaty did, and I
will tell you.
Before the treaty, our whole import from all the
British provinces was about six millions a year.
In 1855, the very first year after the treaty was
adopted, we imported from Canada alone in wheat
and other varietiesofgrain and flour, $10,840,204.
Four million dollars over what our whole im-
portation hud been from all the provinces prior to
the adoption of the treaty were imported from Can-
ada alone, in the first year after the adoption of
the treaty,in breadstuffs which we oughttohave
raised ourselves. That is what the treaty did.
Sir, I was born in New England,and I under-
stand those people. I never knew them to be
beaten much by any combination of accidents.
Whatever happens to them is generally designed
by them; and since it happened as the result of
this treaty that their manufacturers were enabled
to purchase in a new market free of duty, and
bring in here $10,000,-000 of the agricultural prod-
ucts of this country, I think they designed that
very operation of the treaty. It will be remem-
bered that so long as we were importing this large
amount of breadstuffs and sendisig abroad under
the treaty but very little, we heaid no complaint
about the treaty. Nay, sir, it was said by a Rep-
resentative from Vermont,in discussing this sub-
ject the other day, that such of the eastern States
as failed to produce their own breadstuffs, or their
butcher's meat, or their wool, or their horses,
would not be likely to protest against supplies
from Canada and the consequent reduction of
prices. They did not produce them; there was
no complaint heard about the treaty then; and I
infer from all this that it was the very object and
design of the makers of this tieaty to enable the
manufacturing districts to purchase their food in
the Canadian markets and bring it here without
duties.
It will be remembered that in 1854, whpn this
treaty was made, the Northwest, the really agri-
cultural districts of the United States, were a
great deal further from the eastern markets than
they are now. It was about that time, if I re-
member right, that the first railroad from the East
reached Chicago. Since then we have a large
number of railways reaching to Chicago, and
reaching far beyond Chicago. Our means of
communicating with the eastern markets are much
more abundant now than they were then; and our
production also is vastly increased. The agri-
culture of the United States in 1854 was in its
cradle, and it is not the fault of this treaty that it
was not strangled in its cradle.
The first reason 1 have to present why this
treaty should not be repealed now is, that under
it our trade with these provinces has increased
from $16,000,009, which was its value in 1852, to
over $50,000,000, which was its value in 1862.
In 1852 our exports to them were $10,509,016, and
our imports $(>,110,299- In 1SG2 our exports to
Canada alone were §25,173,151, and our imports
from Canada were $15,063,730. Our trade with
the provinces was something over $12,000,000,
making an aggregate of over $52,000,000, which
was the amount of our trade with all the British
piovinecs in 1862.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in his speech
yesterday, admits the fact of the immense increase
of that trade, but affects to doubt that it is there-
suit of the treaty. He admits that it followed the
adoption of the treaty, but does not seem prepared
to admit that it was caused or affected by the
treaty. I cannotprove that it was. He suggests
that it might have been the effect of our increase
of population, or that it might have been the ef-
fect of our railway system. I respectfully insist
that it cannot be the effect of cither of those
causes. It cannot be the effect of our increase of
population, bccause our population in that time
increased only about twenty-five per cent, and our
trade increased three hundred per cent. It cannot
be the effect of our railway system, because the di-
rection of it is such that it would prevent this trade
between the States and the Canadas. Our railways
and their railways run from east to west, from
western communities to eastern markets; and it
is no more their tendency to send trade from one
country to the other than it is the tendency of this
railway along Pennsylvania avenue to send its
cars along the streets at right angles with it.
These railways are grooves, so to speak, holding,
so far as their influence goes, that trade and com-
merce right along their lines, and their tendency
is to prevent its diverging either from the Canada
tracks into our country or from our tracks into
theirs.
I think it is very easy, therefore, to see that
this vast increase in that trade is not the result of
either of the causes suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts. That it is the direct and
necessary result of the treaty itself, as I said be-
fore, I cannot prove. When you take off duties
and cheapen importation you always notice that
trade does increase; but I cannot prove that it is
a consequence of that policy. I have noticed all
my life that every time the sun rises clear there
is light shining about us; but I do not know how
I can prove that the light is the consequence of
the sun rising. I would like to have that be-
lieved; I always have believed it myself; and I
would like the Seriatorfrom Massachusetts to ad-
mit if he can, through theexercise of faith, if not
through the exercise of his reason, that this in-
crease of trade is the direct and necessary result
of the treaty itself.
The repeal of the treaty will destroy that trade.
It will prevent you from purchasing these
$15,000,000 and fronj selling that §25,000,000.
You had some trade, it is true, before your treaty
was adopted; but then your duties were lower
and their duties were lower than they are now.
Your duties have been very much advanced and
theirs very much advanced since this treaty was
adopted. Strike down the treaty and leave that
trade to the mercy of your present rates of du-
ties, and this interchange of commodities must
stop altogether. Then you have $25,000,000 of
goods for which you have not this market, and
they have $15,000,000 of goods which we want
and which we cannot have.
That is the first effect of repealing the treaty.
That is an effect upon the trade of the country
generally. But it will have an effect upon the
agricultural interest which I should deprecate as
the representative of an agricultural community,
and which I think we all ought to deprecate; for,
representing what communities you may, there is
no one to be found any where whose prosperity does
not depend primarily upon the prosperity of the
agricultural interest. I have already told you, Mr.
President, that in the first year after this treaty
was made we imported from Canada of bread-
stuffs alone $10,840,204. In that year we exported
but $1,599,040. That was a heavy blow to tho
agricultural interests of the United States. That
was sending abroad for a clean $9,000,000 in value
of breadstuffs which wc produced and which wo
ought to have consumed at home. But we have
outlived that. In 1863 we imported from the Can-
adas but $6,117,890 of breadstuffs, while we ex-
ported $9,588,390 to the Canadas, and wc exported
to the other provinces $4,948,871. There were
more than $14,000,000 of breadstuffs which in
1863 we exported under the provisions of this
treaty.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator yield me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
VICE ADMIRAL i'ARRAGW0.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Senate is
honored by the presence of one of the most dis-
tinguished of our citizens at this moment, to whom
every Senator, I presume, desires to pay his re-
spects; I mean Vice Admiral Furragut, the first
person holding that high position in the American
service. I therefore move that the Senate take a
recess of ten minutes in order that the meni.bersi
of the body may have an opportunity of a few
minutes' intercourse with that eminent citizen.
The motion was unanimously agreed to; and
Senators were individually introduced to the gal-
lant sailor and to his chief executive officer, Cap-
tain Drayton, who accompanied him, who had'
been admitted to the privileged seats of the Senate
Chamber.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) authorizing tha
President of the United States to give to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain tha notiee required for
