694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 22,
vote by which the bit! was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION.
*Mr. PATTERSON. I have been instructed
by the Committee for the District of Columbia to
report back a House bill, but there is a Senate
bill (No. 421) of precisely the same nature upon
the Speafcer'sigpble, and I ask that it be taken up
and put upon its passage.
No objection was made; and bill of the Senate
No. 421, to incorporate the Columbian Institu-
tion for the instruction of the deaf and dumb and
the blind, approved February 16, 1857, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill provides for repealing so much of the
act of incorporation of the Columbian Institution
as requires the teaching of the blind, and authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to cause all indigent
blind children who are or may hereafter become
, entitled, under the law as it now exists, to instruc-
tion in that institution to be instiucted 111 some
institution for the education of the blind in Mary-
land or some other State, provided that the cost
for each pupil shall not be more than that paid
for the time being for similar pupils in such State.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed;and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Commit-
te'e for the District of Columbia, reported back
Senate bill No. 441, to amend an act entitled " An
act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia," with sundry
amendments thereto.
The first amendment was to strike out the words
in the first section, " also a double or single-track j
railway, commencing at the intersection of D
street north and Four-and-a-half street west." |
The second amendment was to insert in the |
first section, just before the proviso, the words i
" and the Washington and Georgetown Railroad j
Company shall have the right to charge the same j
rate of fare as is herein allowed to be charged by i
the Metropolitan Railroad Company." j
_ The thi rd amendment was to strike out of sec- :
tion five the words " extended to every other
railroad in the District of Columbia," and insert
the word "repealed;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 5. jlni he it further enacted, That tbe provision
prohibiting any exclusion from any car on account ot' color,
already applicable to the .Metropolitan railroad, is hereby
repealed.
Mr. ODELL. I would ask rny colleague what
the rate of tare will be under the second amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. It will be eight
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Raising the
fare about one hundred per cent.
Mr. ODELL. That is all.
Mr. DA VIS, of New York. I would ask a
separate vote on the last amendment.
The first amendment was then agreed to.
The second amendment was again read.
Mr. WA^rllJURiN£, of Illinois. I have only
to Bay that the_ stock of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company',is now worth
four hundred per cent. ; iJ anJ ju it u>
proposed that we shall raise the fare to the pub-
he, while we have jus'-.s in our pockets.
Mr. DAVIS, of York. It is very ea^y
for gentlemen oil this floor to make assertions,
and yet to understand very little of the truth of
what they utter. But when the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] assorts here that the
stock of this company is heid at four hundred per
eent. premium, he asserts what he may perhaps
believe to be true, but what is in fact absolutely
false. '
_ Thegreat argument in favor of tins amendment
IS this: in consequence of .the increase in the value
of all'tbe motei luls wlncfi
tion
last year at a heavy loss. And I undertake to
say, from some little persona! knowledge upon
the subject, that there is scarcely a horse railroad
in the United States which to-day is paying its
expenses where the fare is limited to five cents.
In regard to the article of railroad iron, which
that that company may charge a fore of ei ht
cents. This is a new road, which I bilicve'ig
well conducted,but which is having uratherhard
time to get along. 1 do not know that I should
be disposed to make any objection with regard to
that. But when it is proposed to incorporate in
cost when this road was constructed §50 per ton, j1 this bill a provision to raise the rate of fare upon
it now enata in imnr mnrlreta from 4 n/i to *i«n the Washington and Georgetown railroad to en ht
cents, I think that very few members of this
! House will be willing to adopt it.
j Now, sir, the statement which I made wasmade
i upon information which I deemed to be correct-
I and I have within a moment been assured by a
; gentleman that one of the stockholders of the
it now costs in your markets from §175 to $ 190
a ton; horses which were then bought at an av-
^Bge of about §80 each now cost from §150 to
§160 each. Labor was then worth from seven to
nine shillings a day; it now commands §2 50 a
day. And every other item of construction and
equipment has advanced in the same ratio.
Relief to these roads has been granted in other li Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company
ses m this country; the Legislatures of Stales !| told him m conversation that the stock of this
and the common councils of our cities have in- ;| company was worth four hundred per cent, pre-
terfered for ..he protection of public interests and
the interests of these roads, and it is but just
that the Congress of the United States should
not compel companies within the limits of the
capital to do business at a loss. I know it may
be asserted that perhaps the stock of this com-
pany represents more than the original and actual
cost of the road. Now that may be very true.
But suppose it is; that stock has been transferred
from those who constructed the road, and has
now come into the hands of parties who ha've
mmm. Although every member is aware of the
immense travel upon this line, although a mem-
ber cannot one tune in five get a scat m these
cars, this company has, within a few days, as I
understand, taken off eight cars, thus failing to
afford proper facilities for the tiavel upon the road.
Yet weareasked to tax the people of this District
and tax those of our constituents who may be here
and tax the soldiers, by allowing this company to
increase its fare to eight cents, instead of live. I
;j think the proposition needs only to be stated to
paid par or a premium for that stock. They are ii be voted down by this House.
innocent holders of that stock, and it is no an-
swer to say that this company may originally
have made money out of this transaction
The one point to consider is this: can the com- !
pany run this load and furnish the accommoda- j
tion which the public demand without losing !
money at the present cost of construction, equip
mem, and maintenance? I maintain that that can
Mr. PATTERSON. I think, Mr. Speaker,
j that the proposition of the gentleman does need
to be proved. It is not sufficient simply to state
such a proposition; it should be demonstrated,
especially if as broad as that made by the gentle-
man from Illinois.
When this matter with reference to the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company was
not be done, and the books of this company, a j| before this House last winter I sympathized with
transcript of which I have had an opportunity
of examining, show that the losses of this com-
pany for the last six months have been more than
twelve thousand dollars. Tins loss was incurred
m attempting to supply'the wants of the public
by furnishing proper facilities for communica-
tion between different parts of the metropolis.
The Metropolitan Railroad Company,for which
this bill asks relief, has barely commenced opera-
tions. I venture to say that it has notyet, on any
two days since it has been in operation, received
money enough to pay its running expenses. And
when Congiess proposes, as a matter of justice
and equity, to allow this company to increase
its fare to eight cents, it is proper that the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company
should be permitted to do the same thing; for it
is very evident that if the latter company"be lim-
ited to a fare of five cents, the Metropolitan Rail-
road Companycannot charge more than five cents
and obtain passengers.
1 believe it to be a matter of justice and equity
that this bill should pass, that this relief should
be extended. It will rest within the power of
Congress, hereafter, when tunes shall change,
when our currency shall be in a different con-
dition from that which now exists, to impose
such restietions upon the rate of fare as shall be
equitable and just.
1 am no friend to injustice. I am no friend to
a false and miserable and contemptible economy.
I remember that at the last session there was in-
troduced here a measure proposing that the Con-
gress of the United States should appropriate
§4,000 toward the purchase of a steam fire-engine
for the use of-the District of Columbia and for
the protection of the public buildings in the cap-
ital. That proposition was earnestly, and I re-
io say successfully, opposed by the honorable
gentleman from Illinois. Had that proposition
been adopted the public buildings might have
been safe; the Smithsonian Institution might
have been protected. Sir, the towers of that in-
stitution, scathed and blackened by the flames,
stand to-day as a monument to the comprehensive
sagacity and liberality of the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois.
Sir, I believe that we should be generous and
;j just; that, while guarding our expenditures with
a reasonable spirit* of frugality, we should be
willing to do what is necessary "for the public in-
'i ti-i-st, and what is due to those enterprises which
the position taken by my honorable friend, sup-
posing at the time that this company was mak-
ing immense profits. But from facts which have
since come to my knowledge I am satisfied that
I was then entirely mistaken. I do not propose
to lay before the House unfounded opinions and
prejudices, but facts. I ask that the Clerk shall
read a statement made before the committee by
the president of that company, showing its re-
ceipts and expenditures during two quarters only.
The Clerk read, as follows: .
Comparative statement of the business of the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad for tkequurter ending February
3. ly64, and the quarter ending February 1, icti,",.
Receipts lor quarter eridms February 1, Ifil i.. ..Jbl 115 10
Expenses ot transpojtation 
Taxesand licenses ~ L'..^ 45
— — 72,01)3 72
Surplus (exclusive of interest and depreciation), j.9. Ill 38
Receipts for quartet emliiis February 1, . .598,113 15
Expenses of transportation   K; i :■■■ w nl
Guvemment taxes " •l.tj.i-.i 2!
Licen.-es  oti
Horses  G.013 bo
— 116.327 82
Deficit (exclusive ofinterest and depreciation), £
Receipts for quarter ending Fr binary J. 1
Receipt;, lor quarter ending February 1, IroS
Increase, 20 per cent 
Expenses for quarter ciuliiu! February 1.
Expenses for (juaitu ending I'ebruaj j 1," IcV>.
• Si*
.i!9 66
.115 10
..
:JJ~ 15
,0u3 ?'3
.110
•J,i7 HI
•Xi 09
enter into the construe- ij demand protection in these neculur times
and maintenance of the road, and of all !; Mr. WASHBURNE ofli"
articles employed in the equipment of'the road"; jj tb^s I'wf ^mlndX a«
{Ills company wag bsen doing business during the U Metropolitan Railroad Comnanv.
ring the U Metropolitan Railroad Company, a£d provide* [I
i „ , GEOJiGC 5. GiDLON, FfCbUient*
, February 10, 1865.
1 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BILLS,
j ^ Mr. STEELE, of New York. I a p. k the gen-
I tleman from New Hampshire to yield to me for
the purpose of taking certain Senate bills from
; the Speaker's table for reference to the Commit-
■ tee for the District of Columbia.
i Mr. PA ri'ERiSON. I y it-id fur that purpose,
j There being no objection, the following joint
j resolution and bills wetu taken from the Spea Iter's
; table, read a first nnd second rime, and leferred
, to the Committer for she District of Columbia:
; . No, 39.'3) to nuihonz'* the eorpora-
r tion of Geor£eto\vj> 'o io\y certain taxes;
| -&-n act No. 43;)) to change fhe name of
Dorsey hd win William Tovvhon,ot Georgetown,
! m the District of Columbia, u> that of Dorsey
: Edwin William Caiter;
An act (5>. No. 167) to incorporate an insuf-
