im•
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
,, An act (S. No. 386) to incorporate the Na-
tional Protection Insurance Company, of the
District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 113) authorizing cer-
tain banks in the District of Columbia to accept
the provisions of an act therein named.
metropolitan railroad company—again.
-.-•Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, it will be
seen from the paper read at the Clerk'sde^ that
|his company has lost over $18,000 durinkthe
quarter ending February 1, 1865.
It has been stated that the fare was five cetfts.
Now, sir, the average price of a ticket, takiflg
into account the transfers given on this read, is
only three and a half cents. And, sir, I sajt
without fear of contradiction that no road in thi^
city, no road in any other city of theUnited States,
can make money or continue to operate at that
rate of fare. The gentleman from Illinois pro-
poses to put the price of the tickets of the Metro-
politan Railroad Company at a higher rate, while
the price of the tickets of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company shall remain what
it now is.
- Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
mean to propose anything of the kind. Now, I
ask my friend whether, if the revenue bill passes
the Senate as it has passed the House, and be-
comes a law, the fare will not really be nine cents
instead of eight; for they are there authorized m
the case of a fraction to charge the whole amount.
Mr. PATTERSON. If so, we will ng it at
seven cents, as the company desire buteiPrt,and
as that will be more convenient in making change
than nine. Let me remind the gentleman, how-
ever, that the bill provides that tickets shall be
sold in packages of sixteen for a dollar. That
would give only six and a quarter cents perticket.
But as I have shown, the real price of tickets at
the present time is really only three and a half
cents—that is, on the Washington and George-
town road—on account of the granting of trans-
fers. Suppose, now, we allow the Metropolitan
road to charge eight cents while the Washington
and Georgetown road is allowed to charge only
five cents; travel would gravitate to Pennsylvania
avenue, and nil who ride would pass over the
latter road. Our desire is to pass a bill which
will give some relief to the new road.
I will send to the Clerk's desk to be read a
statement of the receipts and expenditures of the
Metropolitan Railroad Company. It will show
that it is losing $651 75 a week, and unless this
relief is granted the company will be compelled
to throw up the road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
then means to make this bestowment on the
Washington and Georgetown railroad because
of the Metropolitan railroad.
Mr. PATTERSON. Not at all. It has been
shown that the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company have lost, the last quarter,
over $18,000.
Mr. UPSON. That was an ex*parle statement.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire whether the difficulty would not be
removed by allowingthe Washington and George-
town Railroad Company to charge say three
cents on the side lines? If any road in the world
is paying, this road must be on the main line
along the avenue. The gentleman says, in con-
sequence of giving these transfer tickets without
charge the income of the main road is exhausted.
Would it not be a remedy to allow it to charge
three cents on the branch roads?
Mr. PATTERSON. That would meet the
wants of the Washington and Georgetown road,
but it would not meet the wants of the Metro-
politan Railroad Company, because it has no
branch road, and would tend to throw travel on
to the avenue.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, as a
member of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, I am decidedly opposed to increasing the
fare of the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company. I think that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] is very much mis-
taken when he says that the stock of this road is
worth $400. I think that it is about one and a
half as held by innocent holders.
I am willing, as a member of that committee,
Jo allow the company to charge three cents for
transfer ticket^ but I am not willing to increase
the fare on the main line. If the stockholders of
the Metropolitan Railroad Company have made
a bad investment it is no reason why we should
raise the fare on the citizens of this District.
Mr. PATTERSON. I cannot yield any longer.
It has been shown that the company is constantly
losing money by running this road at the present
rates.
Nov/, so far as this Washington and George-
town road is concerned, the difficulty mighfc be
met by giving them permission to charge for
transfer tickets, but that would be doing wrong to
the Metropolitan road. We ought to meet the
difficulty in a way which shall not do injustice to
either party. I will now ask the Clerk to read
the ps'per which I have sent to the desk.
Tiie Clerk read, as follows:
Statement of weekly expenses and receipts of Metropolitan
.Railroad for week aiding Febiuaiy 8, I860, and showing
coti of running street cars at present time.
v*Pay-roH for week «,  @739 05
Feed bill and straw for one week  560 00
1,299 05
Wear and necessary repairs on cars   50 40
Wear of harness, lubricating and illuminating
oil, expense of keeping road in working ordei,
and lositi of horses by bad roads, with depreci-
ation of stock and cars per week, actual cost, 105 10
Actual cost    1,45155
Interest at bix per cent, on the cost of road, (act-
ually expended,) $200,000, is per week  230 70
1,685 25
Weekly receipts $1,060 00
Less Government tax. per cent.... 26 50
 ,1.033 50
Actual weekly loss  $-65175
The within statement does not include the los< by death
of horses. Since the load commenced iuumngfive horses
have died, costing $700. The severity of the winter has
kepi iin avetage of twelve lioi&cs on the hick list unfit foi
use. The actual cost of running car per dieui is $20 06
each.
Mr. PATTERSON. It will be seen by this
statement, drawn up by a director of the road,
that the price of hay has risen from sixteen or
seventeen dollars to fifty dollars a ton during the
last three years. The price of labor is $2 50 a
day. It was only $1 50 before the war. Every-
thing else which the road uses has risen in the
same proportion. It would seem, therefore, hut
simple justice that the rate of fares should be in-
creased in the same ratio. 1 know, from facts
which were before a committee, that this Metro-
politan road must cease running their cars unless
aid is soon extended to them. Why, sir, iron
which cost only forty-five dollars a ton when the
Washington and Georgetown road was built, cost
this road §164 a ton; and the increase upon the
piice of lumber and other materials used in the
construction of the road was equal to the rise
upon iron.
Gentlemen say there has been a great increase
upon the par value of the stock of the Washing-
ton and Georgetown road. That may be so; but
the majority of the present stockholders ^bought
it at an advance upon the original cost, and they
have not realized any great increase upon their
original investment.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the bill goes over. Reports from the
Judiciary Committee are in order for the remain-
der of the day.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed bills and a joint resolution of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 450) for the relief of Samuel
Gerould;
An act (S. No. 422) for the relief of William
Pierce*
An act (S. No. 3X1) for the relief of W. H. &
C. S. Duncan; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 109) authorizing
the adjustment of the claim of George J. Stubble-
field for chewing tobacco furnished to the United
States.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed tlie following joint resolution and bill
of the House, severally with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested:
JToint resolution (H. R. No. 139) of thanks to
Major General George H. Thomas and the army
under his command; and
An act (H. R. No. 640) providing for a district
and a circuit court of the United States for the
district of Nevada, and for other purposes.
circuit and district court jurors.
Mr. KERNAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 609)
to prescribe the mode of designating the citizens
of the United States who shall serve as jurors in.
the circuitand district courts of the United SCatea.
The substitute was read, and agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KERNAN moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid an
the table. ™
The latter motion was agreed to.
titles to land in district of columbia, j
Mr. KERNAN, from the Committee on
Judiciary, reported back an <£t (S. No. to
quiet titles in favor of parties factual possession
of land situated in the Distrietjpf Columbj^.
The bill was read in cxtensoi
Mr. MALLORY. If I undj£rstand;|0iat bill it
subverts the laws protecting ttwiigW of married
women and heirs, the owners^f rg$f estate in the
District of Columbia. I undef^gtid that where a
conveyance on record ofa feme covert has not been
made in improper form heretofore, and where
conveyances of land sold in the District of Colum-
bia are defective, the bill cures all defects, and
makes the titles all perfect. It divests rights which
have grown up in this District under the law, and
that, too, in relation to a class of persons who de-
serve the protection of law as much, if not more,
than any other: I mean married women. 1 can
never give my sanction to a law of that sort. I
did^ see this bill in print and examine it more
closely before I can ever be induced to do it.
The bill goes further,.just I understand it.
Where a conveyance has been made by an at-
torney and the proceedings under the power of
attorney have been wrong and improper, it val-
idates such conveyances, when, such convey-
ances being invalid as the law now stands, rights
have sprung up, and this bill deprives the parties
of these rights which they have acquired under
the existing law.
I cannot be induced to vote for such a bill. It
is true there is a saving clause in the bill author-
izing parties having such claims to sue within
three years, but if they do not do that then the
operation of this bill is to make all such defective
titles valid utles.
Mr. ASHLEY. I suggest that this bill ought
to be printed.
Mr. KERNAN. Allow me to make a brief
statement. I desire to say that I have been uni-
formly opposed to this kind of legislation, unless
great care is exercised. This bill was carefully
examined by the Committee on the Judiciary be-
fore they recommended its passage. This is s
Senate bill. It simply provides for confirming
the titles of parties who are already in possession,
but whose acknowledgments have been defective.
Any gentleman who should attempt to understand
the laws relating to the acknowledgment of deeds
in this District would find himself considerably
involved. In some cases, where the law required
the acknowledgment to be made before two jus-
tices of the peace or aldermen, the acknowledg-
ments have been made before one, and sometimes
before a judge of a District court, rather than be-
fore a judge of a United States court. This bill
only provides that where the deeds are on record
and the parties under them are in possession, and
where there has been this defcct in the form of
the acknowledgment or in the certificate, then the
title shall be good. It expressly provides that it
shall not affect a married woman, unless there
shall be equivalent words to her having acknowl-
edged the deed apart from her husband and freely.
And then the second section provide!? that it
shall not affect any suit pending or any suit which
shall be brought within three years.
Now, all that I can say m behalf of the com-
mittee is this; we learned that this bill had been
very carefully considered in the Senate by a very
abla lawyer and former judge, Mr. Com.ame .
