996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22
The Senator from Maryland, Mr. Johnson, who
is familiar with the laws m this District and in
Maryland, said that it had been examined and is
right, and that it only confirms acknowledgments
apparently defective on the record, but which
•were really good and ought to be confirmed.
Now, in reference to one clause of the bill, it
declares that where an attorney of a corporation
•who is authorized to convey title has omitted to
state in his certificate that he acknowledged it in
behalf of the corporation the title is made good.
I consulted Mr. Carlisle, a counselor of high
standing in this District, and I was informed by
him that attention had been called to this bill,
that it had been examined by lawyers here, and
that there is no objection to its passage.
Now, that is all the information that I can give
or that the committee can give. We have en-
deavored to be very careful. We have not de-
sired to legislate for any cases where there ought
not to be legislation. We supposed that if upon
the record there were acknowledgments which
from the certificates appeared to be defective, but
where in reality everything essential had been
complied with, the titles ought to be confirmed.
Now, I do not desire to persuade any one to vote
for this bill if he thinks it ought not to be passed.
If it is desired by the House that this bill shall
be printed for their information I presume there
will-be no ebjection,although I donot thinkthey
will be any wiser by it; for I spent a great deal
of time in reading this bill and trying to under-
stand it.
Mr. MALLORY. It seems to me that the ob-
ject of the bill, as the gentleman states it, is to
perfect by law imperfect titles in cases where
femes covert have failed to make a proper ac-
knowledgment, or to take the steps which the law
requires. I would suggest to the gentleman, who
is a learned lawyer, that those titles can now be
made perfect by going before the proper officer
and having the proper acknowledgments made.
If any woman is opposed to doing that, it is be-
cause she thinks she has been wrongfully deprived
of that title.
Mr. KERNAN. In the first place, I do not
think there is a State in this Union that has not,
time and time again, passed laws to cure these
formal defects.
Mr. MALLORY There has been no such
legislation in my State.
Mr. KERNAN. It has been donein otherStates;
it has been done in Maryland. Every gentleman
knows that it is a very great burden to impose
upon a party in possession, where any one dis-
putes his title, and where there is on record an
apparent defect in the title which would prevent
his selling or mortgaging his property, to require
him to run all over the United States, or even all
over the State of Maryland, to find some one from
whom to get a proper acknowledgment. Is it
right to permit the feme covert to compel the
owner to pay her again, and to exact something
from him before she will consentto make his title
good, when in reality she has already parted with
that title, or intended to do so? Unless the House
shall desire it, I will move thepreviousquestion.
Mr. NOBLE moved to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Kernan] to withdraw
his call for the previous question and allow me to
move that this bill be printed and recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. 1CERNAN. I will do so, if the motion is
made to include the right of the committee to
report upon it at any time.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will make that motion.
The motion to print was agreed to; and the
bill was recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with leave to report at any time.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
game:
An act (H. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands and improve-
mentsof private citizens appropriated by the Uni-
ted States for Indian reservations m theTenitory
£>f Washington;
An act (H. R. No. 222) to extinguish the In-
dian title to lands in the Territory of Utah suit-
able for agricultural and mineral purposes; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title to
certain property in Carson City and State of Ne-
vada for the purpose of a branch mint located in
said place.
SMILE COIIEN.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to change the name of
Emile Cohen of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to Emile Comely.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was read the third time, and
INSANE HOSPITAL IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back a resolution instruct-
ing the committee to inquire into Lhe expediency
of providing by law for the appointment of the
superintendent of the Insane Hospital in the Dis-
trict of Columbia by the President; and moved
that (he committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
ATTORNEY GENERAL^ OFFICE.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE reported back from the
Committee on the Judiciary a bill (H. R. No.
758) amendatory of the act relative to the At-
torney General's office, and to fix the compensa-
tion of his assistant and clerks, with sundry
amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out of the
first section "§4,000" and insert "$3,500" as
the salary of the Assistant Attorney General.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask what is the full
effect of the section as proposed to be amended.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would state for the
information of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that the Senate have already provided
in a bill before them that the salary of the Assist-
ant Attorney General shall be $3,500, instead of
§3,000, as now provided by law. The present
condition of the country has brought before that
office far more questions todecide than formerly,
and the business of that office is now of such mag-
nitude that the Committee on the Judiciary, upon
investigation, deem it only just that the Assistant
Attorney General should ha\e a compensation of
$3,500. That amount was recommended by the
Attorney General, and it only places the Assist-
ant Attorney General upon an equal footing with
those occupying similar positions in the other
Departments. It is certainly a very responsible
office, one that ought to command the services of
a person learned in the law, and in my judgmenta
salary of $3,500 is quite as small as it ought to be.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to increase the salary of the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Interior to $3,500.
The SPEAKER. That amendment would not
be in cfrder, not being germane to the bill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would state further
that this bill is intended to reorganize the Attor-
ney General's Department, and make it corre-
spond with the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment. It seems to have had no perfect and
thorough organization under the laws heretofore
passed; and hence this bill has met the approval
of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendments reported
by the Judiciary Committee are certainly an im-
provement upon the original bill. My objection
was to the increase of salary at all; but still I
think it better to adopt the amendments. I ad-
mit that the expenses of the office have increased
enormously since the commencement of the war.
If I did notapprehend thatan attempt to defeatit
would only defeat the modifications reported by
the Judiciary Committee I would "move to lay it
on the table, but as I conceive that the amend-
ments are much better than the bill I shall not
make that motion.
The question was taken on the firstamendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary; and
it was agreed to.
The next amendment, to strike out the third
section of the bill, was also agreed to.
The bill wa=3 then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the biII was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OPINIONS OF ATTORNEYS GKNKRAL.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciaiy, icpotied back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, House bill No. 707, tu provide for
the publication of the opinions of the Attorneys
General of the United States, the question being
on ordering it to be engrossed and read the third
time.
The bill directs the Attorney General to con-
tract for the publication of the opinions of the
Attorneys General of the United States given
since the 4th of March, 1857, of uniform style
and appearance with the eighth volume of such
opinions, published by Robert Parriham in 1858,
and as nearly as possible of uniform size; the
whole to be numbered on regularly after the eighth
volume, the copyiight to be taken out by the
publisher, who is to deliver to the Attorney Gen-
eral, within one month after the publication, three
hundred sets, at the price of three dollars per vol-
ume. It authorizes the Attorney General to em-
ploy a competent person to edit and prepare and
index such opinions and to supervise their pub-
lication. The Attorney General is to cause them
to be distributed as directed in the bill, the resi-
due of the set to remain at the future direction of
Congress.
Mr^VJLSON. I desire to have a letter from
the jMbruey General read in explanation of the
matter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Attorney General's Office,
Washington, January 23, 1865.
Sir: The opinion® of the Attorney? General up to th*
4th of March, IS57, have, as you are doubtle^ aw.ire, been
published in eight uniform volume*. The opinion* deliv-
ered since that date have not b"eu published, and remain
in this office on in records. The e opinion.*, like those
contained m the eight volumes published, relate to and
decide a great variety of que>tion= of great interest and
frequent occurrence in the various Executive Departments
of the Government. By established eu.-tom <-mce the foun-
dation of the Government they have been accepted a* set-
tling the rule of practice in the executive offices upon the
points to which they relate. Hence they constitute a body
of departmental law valuable not only for their intrinsic
merit, but as precedents which secure uniformity of prac-
tice in tho&e offices. Many of the^e opinions, as is well
known to you, are elaborate and carefully considered dia-
cussion* of grave questions of constitutional and inter-
national law, having greater or la.*8 intrinsic value, but all
delivered under the "auction of official authority, and *ome
Of them having the weight of eminent prot^ ion:tl name?.
These remaiks apply a  well to the unpublished a.s to
the published opinions. And F ma) add, m regard to th"
opinions of my immediate predecessor, thai many of them
relate to question- which have arUen with the eating re-
bellion, and furnish rules of practice and decision in the
Executive Depaitments under statutes enacted within the
last four year.-.
Of course the occasion to refer to and examine the un-
published opinions frequently occurs in the Executive De-
partments, the want of them otten occasioning delay and
difficulty in the tran*aetion of important and prt-s-ing pub-
lic hu*iness, and they are often cailed for to be u*ed in th"
United States courts. Hence thi- office is subjected to
constant applicants for them, generally from officer;- in
the public service To supply the demand would diaw
very largely on the time and labors of our clerical force,
which is needed tor other duti''-. The Department.- ought
to have these opinion-; and S have therefore prepared an
amendment which I have the honor to -uhtmt to ymi with
the request that you will give jour aid to Hon. Thad-
dtus Steven's, chairman of the Committee of and
Means, to whom f have also sent a copy, in order to have
it inserted in some suitable appropriation bill if Congress
shall see fit to do so.
The demand for the work being limited, the book pub
h-hers inform me that they cannot afford to publish the
volume* unless the Government will apree totakethonuitt-
bcrof copies which, at the price fixed, will compensate
for the publication of the work. The publisher will then
rely on the copyright granted by the proposed law tor his
profit. This, I am informed, i* in accordance with prece-
dent in the publication of the former volume*.
I am, sir. very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JAMES rfpem
JtUorncy General*
Hon. James F. Wilson*,
Chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentiemati
from Iowa to insert before the word "index"
lhe words " fully and completely." 1 Imve no-
ticed in many of our public volumes that the in-
dex is most defective.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have no objection.
The hill was so modified.
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to add any-
thing further to the explanation contained in the
letter from the Attorney General. I therefore
move the previous question.
