1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M7
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Iowa to let me suggest an amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to suggest.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to amend that part of the bill which provides
that the residue of the books undistributed shall
remain at the future direction of Congress, by
providing that they shall remain in charge of the
Librarian of Congress, in order that they may be
in some definite place and be safely kept until
wanted.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot accept the amend-
ment as representing the committee, btfcl have
no objection to its being offered.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose that amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
•Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The iatter motion was agreed to.
PROPERTY TAKEN FOR PUBLIC USE.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on tlie Ju-
diciary, reported a bill in relation to the appro-
priation of private property to the public use;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the provisions of an act
in addition to an act for theestablishment of cer-
tain arsenals, approved April 19, 1864, shall ex-
tend to, and be construed as applying to, all cases
wherein the Government of the United States
may deem it necessary to appropriate private
property, being real estate, to the use of the Gov-
ernment, and in relation to which the Government-
and the owner or owners of such property are
not able to agree to the price; provided that the
board of commissioners shall be appointed by
the circuit court for the circuit in which the pro-
ceedings are to be had.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
fay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAKING OP DEPOSITIONS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to regulate the taking of
depositions in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which j,he bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROCEEDINGS IN CRIMINAL CASES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committeeon theJu-
diciary, reported back with amendments a bill
£S. No. 88) entitled "An act regulating proceed-
ing in criminal cases,and forother purposes."
The first amendment reported by the commit-
tee was read, as follows:
Immediately after the enacting clause insert the follow-
ing as the first section :
That every grand jury impanneled before any district or
circuit court of the United Slates to inquire into arid make
presentment of public offenses against the United States,
committed or triable within the district for which the court
is holdeu, shall consist of not less than sixteen, and not
exceeding twenty-three, persons. If, of the persons sum-
moned, less than sixteenattend, they shall be placed on the
grand jury; and the court shall order thu marshal to sum-
mon, either immediately or for a day fixed, from the body
of die district, and not from the bystanders, a sufficient
number of persons to complete the grand jury. And whcn-
evera challenge to an individual grand juror is allowed, and
there are not other jurors in attendance sufficient to com-
plete the grand jury, the cnurtshall make a like order to the
marshal to summon a sufficient number of persons for that
purpose. No indictment shall be tound, nor shall any pre-
sentment be made, without tlie concurrence of at least
twelve grand jurors.
Mr.SLOAN. I would like the gentleman from
lev# [Mr. Wilson] to give some explanation of
this amendment. I did not understand entirely
that provision with regard to the attendance of
less than sixteen.
Mr. WILSON. If less than sixteen attend,
those who do attend are held, and the remaining
number are made up of persons summoned from
the body of the district. The reason for propos-
ing this provision is, that the United States judge
for the district of Oregon has decided that a grand
jury composed of seven persons, as provided in
the laws of that State, is sufficient to find an in-
dictment for an offense against the laws of the
United States. In order to avoid any difficulty of
that kind in any other districts we now propose
to adopt this provision.
Another object of the amendment is to prevent
a grand jury from being made up of professional
jurors—men who are constantly hanging about
the court-rooms all over the country. It is there-
fore provided that jurors shall be taken from the
body of the district.
Mr. SLOAN. That explanation is satisfactory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was read, as follows:
In the second and third lines of the first section
of the original bill strike out the words " in any
district or circuit court of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. c. WHITING.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, from the Com-
mitteee on the Judiciary, reported back, with
amendments, joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) re-
lating to the account of B. C. Whiting.
The amendment reported by the committee was
read, as follows:
Add at the end of the joint resolution the following:
Provided, That sucli amount shall not exceed the sum
of $650.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a written report
accompanying this bill?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. There are affi-
davits accompanying the bill. I may also add
that I have consulted with the Attorney General
on this subject. It is supposed that th^re is merit
in this claim; but the bill only proposes that the
whole subject be referred to that officer, and that
if he shall find the claim just it should be paid,
provided that it shall not exceed the sum of§650.
Mr. HOLMAN. These claims all stand on
the same footing; and in the absence of a report
I think that this bill ought to go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. COLE, of California. There was an at-
tempt to eject the light-house keeper at Point Pi-
nos,near Monterey, California. That light-house
is or was upon private property, and the light-,
house keeper naturally applied to the district at-*
torney of the United States to defend him in pos-
session of the property, that the lights might be
kept up. This was outside of the duty of the
district attorney. There was no time to consult
with the authorities here in Washington; but he
was requested by the other United States officers
to proceed and defend ^ light-house keeper in
his possession. He did it, and he performed val-
uable service to the Government, beyond ques-
tion. He saved the Government a vast amount
of expense and trouble. This labor was not
vuthin the scope of his duty as district attorney
of the United States.
Again: persons squatted upon the custom-house
lands at Monterey, and like application was made
to him. On the solicitation of the United States
authorities, he proceeded todefend them. It was
no part of his duty. These suits properly be-
longed to the Treasury Department.
It does not make any new appropriation, as I
understand the resolution, but allows his pay-
ment to be made out of appropriations heretofore
made. He is to be allowed such sum as may be
dgemed just. The sum proposed is very moder-
ate. I will state further that he is out of pocket
in the matter. He has ltjst money by his ser-
vices on behalf of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is he not the district attorney ?
Mr. COLE, of California. He is. This was
not in the line of his duty. He is not the attor-
ney of the Treasury Department. Thecommuni-
cation^between here and California is so long that
great injury would be done before application
could be made to the Treasury Department for
the employment of an attorney there to defend
suits of this nature.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the gentleman is
wrong in saying that this does not make an ap-
propriation. If the money is to be paid out of
appropriations heretofore made I do not object.
Mr. COLE, of California. I think the gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that this is an ad-
ditional appropriation of money, and it is not to
be paid out of money heretofore appropriated.
Mr. COLE, of California. It refers the matter
to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. This is not an appropriation
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It directs this money to be
paid.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be paid until it
has been appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the resolution
be amended so as to make the money payable
out of former appropriations.
Mr. COLE, of California. I do not object to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered to
be engrossed and read athirdtime; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved to reconsider"
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
ar\jl also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WRITS OF ERROR ON APPEALS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 638, to
facilitate judicial proceedings on writs of error
and appeals, with amendments.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.*
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 740, to
establish the supremacy of the Constitution in
the insurrectionary Stales, with thefollowing sub-
stitute:
Be it enacted hylhe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
neither the people nor the Legislature of any State, the
people of which were declared to be in insurrection against
tile United States by the proclamation of the President,
dated August 1G, 1801, shall hereatter elect Representatives
or Senators to the Congress of the United States until the
President, by proclamation, shall have declared that armed
hostility to the Government of the United Slates within
such State has ceased; nor until the people of such State
shall have adopted a constitution ofgovernment not repug-
nant to the Constitution and laws of the United States;
nor until, by u law of Congress, such State shall have been
declared to be entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States of America.
Mr. MALLORY. I make the point of order
that this whole subject was laid on the table
yesterday.
The SPEAKER. That bill and amendments
were laid on the table, but that does not pre-
clude the committee reporting back any measure
expressly referred to it.
Mr. MALLORY. This is substantially the
same subject.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to de-
cide whether it will lay this on the table or not.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move that the bill and
substitute be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to submit an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot. I desire to have a
vote upon this bill, and am wijling, in order to se-
cure that vote, to yield my time to such gentle-
men as may desire to express their view^ in re-
lation to it, reserving to myself a very small por->
