1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
of trade and commerce between these parties, the
British provinces and the American States, shall
bo negotiated; a treaty which shall be really re-
ciprocal in its character and operation between
the parties; & treaty which shall be just and equi-
table to both contracting parties, 1'doubt not it
will receive the favorable consideration of this
body, provided the political relations between the
two countries at the time shall be of a satisfactory
nature, as I doubt not and trust they will be.
Mr. MALE. Mr. President, gentlemen on this
floor who advocate the abrogation of this treaty
arc not unmindful of the effect of calling by bad
names a thing that we desire to kill and put out
*of the way, and the reverse, of applying good
names to what we want to favor. I remember
that in 1844 and 1845, when we proposed to steal
a large province from Mexico, the friends of the
measure called it " the reannexation of Texas;"
all the speeches that were made to encourage that
measure called it simply a proposition to rcannox
Texas. Well, sir, it was reannexod, and we are
reaping to-day a little of the fruits of the policy of
thatreannexaiion. I remember, too, in 1846 there
was a modification of the tariff law. Some gen-
tlemen who were prominent m position then,and
ambitious for the future, mounted that hobby, and
they denominated the tariff which they wanted to
repeal " the black tariff,"and the Halls of Con-
gress resounded with denunciations of '* the black
tariff." It had its effect; " the black tariff" wont
down because the blacks were not popular at that
time. [Laughter.] Those who applied the ap-
pellation to it knew the fact very well, and the
black tariff" died of this color-phobia. [Laugh-
ter.J
Then my friond from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] reminds me—and I was coming to that—that
a new party arose in this country who knew not
the Joseph of American slavery. They called
themselves the Republican party, but this word
" black" had been so successfully used in killing
the tariff of 1846 that it was thought its vitality
had not quite gone, and its opponents put it on
the Republican party and called it "the Hlcick
Republican party." The Republican party out-
lived that; it did not prove so fatal to them as It
did to the tariff. They survived.
Now, sir, here is this reciprocity treaty; and
when 1 express the opinion which 1 do in regard
to it, it gives me pain to think that I am obliged
to differ so widely from gentlemen whom I respect
so highly. What are the disastrous effects that
have resulted from this treaty? If you ask any-
body he will have to tell you very much what the
South Carolina man said about the tariff: 11 You
cannot put your hand on anything particular, but
it is the general result of the whole system, low-
ering the price of everything that we have to sell
and raising that of everything we have to buy."
It is styled " the so-called reciprocity treaty," I
do not know that any alias has been applied to it;
but gentlemen will not permit it to be called " the
reciprocity treaty," but speak of it as "the so-
called reciprocity treaty."
I know very well, or at least I am convinced
in my own mind, and that is just as well as if I
knew it, [laughter,] that while it is impossible to
apply the rules of political economists about Un-
balance of trade to the commerce of a country,
because there will always be very great excep-
tions, yet J think that the writers on political
economy everywhere agree in this general prop-
osition, though there may be, and undoubtedly
are, exceptions, that a commerce where the ex-
ports slightly exceed the imports in the whole as
a general fact is profitable to that country which
lias the excess of exports. Now, applying that
general rule, I ask the attention of the Senate to
a remai k made in a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury in a note of the operations of this treaty,
which it seems to me is the best argument that
can be made for it. I read from a note to the 29th
page of a document entitled "Statistics of the
Foreign and Domestic Commerce of the United j
States," &c., communicated by the Secretary of !
the Treasury March 12, 1863, and just punted: j
"The reciprocity treatv between the United States and ,
Giear Britain, concluded oth of June, lbo-l, went into op- j
oration in the tiade Willi Canada, October 18, ]854; with [
Now Brunswick', November 11,1^54 ; with Prtnec Edward's |
Inland, November 17, lb,34; w nil Nuwioundldud, Novem- j
bar 34, 18oo ; and with rogatd to fish from all the provinces, I
oh the tlth of September, 1854. j
" The aggregate exports {inclusive of epecie and foreign I
merchandise) to Canada and the other British North Ameri-
can possesions'for the ilnee years 1852-53-51, amounting
to 216,518, exceeding the ajigresrate impoits 113 4 per
cent. The aggregate exports of the five years from the 30th
of June, 1854, (which peiiod covered the first four and
a half years of the opeiation of the reciprocity heaty,)
amounted to $134,303,752, exceeding the unpoits of th<;
tame period 41 3 per cent. The ablegate impoits of the
two years, I860 ami 1861, immediately preceding the re-
bellion, amounted to $48,914,314, exceeding the exports
3 2 per rent. In the yoai 186:2, the first lull fiscal year of
the rebellion, the exports, amounting to $21,079,11*5, ex-
ecedinsr the imports 9.2 per cent.; and in the year ending
June 30, 18G3. the cxpoits ($31,281,030) exceeded the im-
port- 30 2 per cent.
u in the trade with the British North American posses-
sions other than Canada, in the year 1851, the exports
amounted to $40,0S3.783, the impoits to $1,733,651. This
commerce had gradually grown to double these amounts
m lbbO; the exports and imports holding about ihe same
ratio, say the lorincr about, double the value of ihe lattei.
In the year lPfi.'J the cxpoits weie $10.99$,503, the imports
.$3,207,424. The Canada trade of 1851 amounted to $12,-
885.G11. of which the expoits were 01.5 per cent, in J8G0
the total nade was $32,940,787, ol which the exports were
43 per cent.: in 1863 the total tiade rose to $39,096,365, of
which the expoits were 52 per cent. In 185;>. tin* year of
the preatest trade with Canada pieviousto 1863, the total
was$3S,371,438, of which the exports weie 54 per cent."
Showing that the trade between this country
and Canada, taking the general facts, comcs up
to the rule laid down by all politico-economical
writers for a prosperous commerce of a country.
It has been increasing, and the exports slightly
exceed the imports. That is the state of the trade.
I do not deny that you may point out here and
there a fact or an article which goes to raise a dif-
ferent impression ; but I believe upon the whole it is
beneficial to the country, and to the whole country,
bccause it is creating a market for our productions.
I appreciate entirely the convictions of the Sen-
atoi y fiom Vet monl. f have no doubt that in the
opinions which they have expressed they repre-
sent the eomiclions of their constituents; but I
do not think that charity, not to say candor,
compels one to assent to^he proposition that al-
though these views are honestly entertained they
ore either wise or judicious, because they, like all
otlior men, may be mistaken. I may be mistaken.
The Senntorfrom Michigan says that the board
of trade of Detioit do not understand their inter-
ests 
Mr. CHANDLER. Do not represent the State
of Michigan.
Mr. IIALE. It is true that, the board of trade
is not entitled to be heard on this floor as the rep-
resentatives of the State of Michigan; but I take
it that in all that relates to the interests of tiaile
in the great city of Daroit, much the largest city
in the State of Michigan, and the city that has
had among all its other honors not only that of
sending two Senators to this Chamber, but of
being the residence of the Democratic candidate for
the Piesidency for some time [laughtei]—that
IJoaid of Trade understand the interests of com-
metce in their locality. The board of trade of
Detroit, as I understand, are explicit in the ex-
pression of their opinion in favor of the treaty,
and they represent the aggregated opinion of the
commercial men of Detroit, saving and excepting
always the honorable Senator from Michigan;
and since he has withdrawn from the active pur-
suits of commercial life and given his attention so
exclusively to the great interests of the nation
and of the wotld and of mankind in general and
the conduct of the war in particular, [laughter,]
it would not be surprising ifhe, being so engrossed
in these late pursuits, should have Inst a little of
that keen acumen winch used to make hitti so
successful a merchant; and it would not be strange
if, while he has gone into these more enlarged
spheres of action, some younger men, attending
to smaller things, have come forward and ai e quite
as competent to speak of the commercial mteiests
of the State of Michigan as the honorable Sena-
tor at this time is, although he might have been
more so some time since.
But the honorable Senator is mistaken in some
of the facts which lie has undertaken to give to
the Senate. 1 know he entertains the opinions
which he has expressed, because lie has stated the
same thing tome in private conversation. He has
an idea that the legislation of Canada in relation
to the tariff imposed upon our articles of export
to that country has been to increase the duties
since the ueaty was formed. The Senator was
not in when 1 made the few remarks which I did
in my poor way yesterday; he did not listen to
the figures which I read from the Secretary of the
Treasury, wherein it i« shown conclusively that
the Canadian tariff upon the imported duty-pay-
ing articles has not varied three per cent, from
1850 to the present time, and that at this time,
the difference is only about one half of one per
cent., the average m 1850 having been 18.43 por
cent., and being now nineteen per cent.; and in-
stead of there being a tariff of forty-seven per
cent., it never was up as high as twenty-two per
cent.—not half whatthe honorable Senatorthinks
it has been. These are figures, not furnished by
Canada, but by our own Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. CIIANDLER. Does not that average
include the free list?
Mr. HALE. No, this is the average of the
duty-paying articles. If the Senator will inform
himself on the subject, and not trust to Informa-
tion from such second-hand sources as he has,
but will go back to the fountain, he will find that
he is mistaken and that I am correct.
Sir, Great Britain and these colonies are ready
to receive us in the spirit of reciprocity, and they
tell us that if this treaty is not reciprocal, they
want to make it so, they want to enlarge it.
Mr. COLLAMER. They say they want to
enlarge it rather than to have it ended. If it is
ended we can then make a good one, if we make
any.
Mr. HALE. Now I would ask the honorable
Senator from Vermont,and no man has more re-
spect for his judgment than 1 have, does he think
that if it is desired by this country ever to have
a reciprocity treaty with these provinces, the way
to do it is in this manner, to abrogate and destroy
the existing treaty ?
Mr. COLLAMER. "Will the gentleman hear
my answer now ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I observe that it is pro-
posed by thn chamber of commerce of Mil-
waukee,and, 1 believe,of Detroit, and the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire seems to have
the same view, to continue this treaty until it can
be modified, with a view to making modifications
and making it better. It does not seem to me
that thatis the part of wisdom. I may be obtuse
about it; but I think that when they have a treaty
altogether beneficial to them, and we want to
make another, if you please, more beneficial to
ourselves, the way to get it is not to keep M force
that which is beneficial to them. What induce-
ment have they to make any other treaty while
you arc willing to let this stand ? The proposi-
tion is to make a better treaty,and to make itout
of the old one, and to let the old one stand as
good when it is not good. It really reminds me
of the lush grand jury who decided that there
was not a sufficient jail in their county, and that
there should be a new one, and that it should be
built out of the materials of tht* old jail, and that
the old jail should be kept good for prisoners
until the new one was finished. [Laughter.]
That is just the proposition, to mukea new treaty
beneficial to us, to make it out of the old one, and,
to keep the old one good (which is not good now)
until a new one can be made. I cannot see the
wisdom of that course of proceedings.
Mr. IIALE. I am obliged to the honorable
Senator, because he has not only answered the
question, but told a good story,and in answering
the inquiry lie has done what a great many inge-
nious advocates and learned lawyers frequently
do, and that is, beg the whole question to begin
with. lie has assumed that this treaty is favor-
able entirely to one side and unfavorable to the
other.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I understood him to say yesterday that
he agreed that the treaty ought to be mended.
Then it is not good; but now he says it ought to
be kept until it is mended. My idea is that it
ought to he ended because it is not good.
Mr. HALE. The Senator entirely misunder-
stood me if he understood mc to say any such
thing. I do not believe that it wants mending. I
do not know but that it does; but because a thing
wants mending, it does not follow as a natural
consequence that the whole thing is bad, for 1 have
seen the honorable Senator from Vermont intro-
duce bills into the Senate again and again, and
absolutely consent to amendments to his own bills.
Why does he amend his bill? Why docs he not
kiii the whole thing at once ifit is bad? That is
