998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22^
tion of the hour to express my views and explain
the features of the bill.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I want to move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to yield to
such a motion. Inasmuch as the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] has raised a point of
order upon this bit!, I will slate that it is different
in its provisions from eitltfer of the bills which
were laid upon the table yesterday. It is entirely
diffefent in principle'fromthe substitute which I
offered to the bill reportedfby the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck;3 a d it is entirely different
in its framework from tfee bill reported by that
gentleman, inasmuch a'^it does not prescribe any
of the conditions contained in that bill. The
principle upon which this bill is based is that
springing from that provision of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to prescribe regula-
tions in relation to the time and mode of electing
members of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives^ found in section four of the first ar-
ticle of the Constitution. The Constitution says:
" The times,places, and mannerofiioMing elections for
Senators and Keprt'^entatives. f-iiall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereoi ; but t!;e Con^re^s may at
any tune by law make or alter such regulations, except as
to the places of choosing Senators."
The committee reported this substitute for the
purpose of having an exercise, upon the part of
Congress, of the power here conferred, to deter-
mine the time of electing Senators and Represent-
atives within the States heretofore declared to be
in insurrection. It is true that the substitute
does not fix the particular date, nor the particular
day of the year for this election; but it provides
that an election shall not take place until the li£^i-
pening of certain events, after which the President
by proclaman n fixes the time when the States
may proceed to this election. The substitute pro-
vides that neither the people nor the Legislature of
any State, the people of which were declared to
be in insurrection against the United States by
the proclamation of the President, dated August
18,1861, shall elect Representatives or Senators to
the Congress of the United States until the Presi-
dent, by proclamation, shall have declared that
armed hostility to the Government of the United
States within such State has ceased ; nor until the
people of such State shall have adopted a consti-
tution of government not repugnant to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States; nor until,
by a law of Congress, such State shall have been
declared to be entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States of America.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether any action of Congress, under
the clause of the Constitution which he has read,
must not be uniform in its action throughout the
United States.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think it necessary;
if I did I should not have based this substitute
upon that provision of the Constitution, because
it would have been in conflict with it.
Mr. DAWES. Suppose the President does
not choose to declare, by proclamation, the facts
prescribed in the substitute the gentleman has
offered, would he not have the power to prevent
the representation hereofany State? And 1 would
inquire whether it is any part of the power con-
ferred upon the President of the United States to
deprive any State of representation here.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose it was in-
tended to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire whether the
President has it not in his power, if this bill be-
comes a law, to prevent any one of tho^e States
from ever having a representative in Congress?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; he will have no such
power under this bill. .
Mr. DAWES. I understand the bill to declare
expressly that there shall be no election in these
States until the President shall have made the
proclamation. Then if the President should not
so declare, there could be no election.
Mr. WILSON. The state of facts which the
gentleman suggests might call for a remedy if the
President should fail to do that which it would be
his duty to do under the bill. If, for instance, at
the next session ofCongress, we should determine
it proper to admit Representatives, or permit the
people of ihose States to elect Representatives, and
the President should not issue his proclamation,
we caa change the law. We are eonfurring i
power upon him which may not at any time be
taken away. It is to be presumed that the Presi-
dent will discharge his ditty faithfully, and m ac-
cordance with the Constitution and laws of the
United States.
Mr. DAWES. Let me ask the gcntlenjan one
more question. As 1 understand the gentleman,
his bill is based upon the presumption that the
President of the United States will do what to us
seems to be his duty. Now, I have only to say
that when the Constitution was formed its fram-
ers did not seem to think that that was enough,
but they thought it proper and necessary to throw
some safeguards around the people. And I sub-
mit that when my friend from Iowa says that the
case which I suggested may call for a remedy
be concedes that it is possible for the President,
under this bill and until another law shall be passed
to cure the mischief, by his own act to deprive a
State of representation here.
Mr. WILSON. It is possible for the Presi-
dent to disobey the injunctions of every law
passed by Congress, and if he should do so the
remedy is in the hands of Congress. There is
no more reason for presuming that the President
will not do his duty in this regard than there is
for presuming that he will not do it in any other
respect or in every other.
Mr. DAWES. What law will the President
disobey in omitting to declare what you say there
shall be no representation until he does declaier
Air. WILSON. Why, Mr. Speaker, this bill
would be passed for a particular purpose, for the
purpose of defining the time when these States
may engage in the election of Senators and Rep-
resentatives; and when the state of facts shall
occur which would require the issuance of such
a proclamation, it would be the duty of the Presi-
dent to issue such a proclamation.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman intend
to allow discussion on this bill ? 1 want to make
a few remarks.
Mr. WILSON. Oh,certainly. I have already
said that I will yield the most of my time to gen-
tlemen who desire it.
Mr. MALLORY. May I have the floor now
to make a few remarks?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly. All I ask is that
no one gentleman shall consume too much gf the
time, for I want to divide it. How much time
does the gentleman from Kentucky want?
Mr. MALLORY. Not over ten minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I yield to the gentleman ten
minutes.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman intend to al-
low amendments to be offered, or does he intend
to call the previous question ?
Mr. WILSON. 1 design to call the previous
question at the expiration of my hour.
Mr. COX. Without allowing amendments to
be offered ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; I desire a vote upon
the bill. I have just refused the gentleman's col-
Jeague [Mr. Ashjlet] the privilege of offering an
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I do not know,
after what has fallen from the lips of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that it
is necessary that anything should be said against
this bill. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] admits that the sole effect of the bill will be
to place this whole matf^in the power and dis-
cretion of the President of the United States. So
far as these States are concerned there is no lim-
itation, as I contend, on their right now to send
Representatives to the Congress of the United
States whenever they choose to do it. #
This bill adds nothing to the right that those
States at present have under their existing con-
stitutions to send Representatives to the Congress
of the United States. I contend, then, that the
only effect which this bit! can have is to restrict
the rights of these States, and to place them at the
feet of the President of the United States, ltpro-
vides, in other words, that they shall not send
Representatives to this House or to the Senate of
the United States until the President of the Uni-
ted States by proclamation says that the rebellion
is suppressed within the hunts of those States.
That is the effect of the bill.
Nov/, each House of Congress is, under the
Constitution, thejudge of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its members, and to-day, or to-
morrow, or next weak, or a year frum thin timu,
when the people of these States choose to toy down
their arms and send their Representatives to the
Congress of the United Stales ihey have a right
to send their Representatives to both branches of
Congress; and all that each House is called upon
to decide, and that they have a right to d'-cide, is
whether the members so sent are properly en-
titled to their seats. There is no restriction, sir,
on this right of judgment by both Houses in the
Constitution of the United States. There is no
restriction in any law that I know of on the exer-
cise of those rights by each State. The gentle-
man's bill removes no such restriction, because
none exists.
The g^itleman talks about their adopting con-
stitutions republican m form. They have con-
stitutions republican ill form. There is not a
State m rebellion now against this Government
that has not a constitution as republican m form
as that of any State loyal to this Government
at this time. I may be asked the question
whether, if they have changed the provisions of
their constitutions, and made them relate to the
confederate government, that fact does not nullify
their constitutions, and require them to adojft
new ones before they again become members of
theUnion. No, sir; no, sir. Ifthey have changcd
their constitutions, and adopted provisions in
conflict with the Constitution of the United States,
to that extent those provisions are nullities. The
constitutions under which they act now are their
constitutions in every respect and particular, ex-
cept where they come in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws and
treaties made in pursuance thereof. And so I
may be permitted to say of every law that lias
been passed by any rebel legislature.
If that is not acknowledged to be the case, in
what a dilemma will the unfortunate people of
those States be left after the rebellion is over.
Laws have been passed there relating to marriage,
relating to the inheritance of property, relating to
all those things which are of the most vital inter-
est to the community. Is it intended that because
those States have been in rebellion all their laws
shall be, when the rebellion is suppressed, de-
clared to be absolutely null and void, and every
marriage contracted in those Stales, under the
operation of their laws, invalid? Why, sir, that
would lie an outrage. It is an outrage on com-
mon sense to propose so.
So of the descent of propeity, of iuheiitaiices,
&c. if anything in any one of those laws here-
tofore passed by their Legislatures shall lie found
hereafter to conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, or with the laws and treaties made
in pursuance thereof, then that piovision is null
and void. Everyone of their laws must be judged
by that test, and by that test alone. I see no use
in these enabling acts. I see no use in these re-
construction acts. You cannot reconstruct the
Union until you recognize that the Union is de-
stroyed. How can you reconstructa thitigalieatiy
in existence? We contend tiiat those States are
still members of the Union; that then*acts of se-
cession are null and void, and did not cai ry the
States out of the Union, but that they remained
and still are members of the Union.
That is my doctrine, and if it be correct, how
are you to bring back by legislation here a Stale
that had never gone out of the Union ? 1 may be
dull; but this being my theory, 1 cannot see why
you should enact any law on this subject. Sir,
masterly inactivity is your wisest course now.
Let things remain as they are under our existing
Constitution and law. And when the people of
each State choose to send their Representatives
here—and I hope it will not be long before they
all do so—let us receive their Representaiires if
we believe that they have betoi properly elected
under the constitutions and laws of those States,
and let them engage in the deliberations of this
body. Let the President appoint the judges of
United States courts and the postmasters. Let
Congress put the post routes in those States into
operation; and then you will have the whole ma-
chinery of Government reestablished in those
States as before they engaged in I he rehellion._ '
see no other mode of ending the war and putting
a close to the rebellion. For these reasons, sir 
no reconstruction bill can be forint d that can niett
my approbation.
I merely wanted an opportunity to makea srat*-
ment of thess views, that th&y may go en ths
