232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
   i
and in which his own constituents are the most
directly interested. I say they have not only
raised those duties largely but they have more
than doubled, and in many instances they have
more than trebled them. The very moment Can-
ada proposes a reciprocity treaty which is in fact
a reciprocity treaty I shall be ready to meet her
half way and make such a treaty ; but this is no
reciprocity treaty at all. This is a treaty by
which we receive all the productions of Canada
free, and by which she receives from us nothing
that we manufacture or can export to her- Let
her take our manufactures, in which the Senator's
constituents are directly interested, upon the same
basis as we receive her agricultural products,
and 1 shall be ready to meet her half .way, and
even more than half way. Although the State
which I have the honor to represent is not di-
rectly interested in those manufactures, she has
the same interest in the general prosperity of
the manufacturing States as the people of those
States themselves. If the proposed British Amer-
ican confederation should be formed, I do not
apprehend any combination against the United
States. It is not for the interest of Canada to
form a combination against the trade of the United
States. I believe they will then see where their
'true interests he, and will be ready, after having
tried the abrogation of this reciprocity treaty, after
a year or two, or perhaps before the final abro-
gation of the treaty, to make a real reciprocity
treaty; and then I shall bo ready to meet them
half way in accepting it. I hope this matter will
not be referred to the Committee on Finance, but
that the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will be adopted at once.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 hope this resolution will
not be referred. It has been very fully discussed
in the Senate, and I have no doubt Senators are
now prepared to vote. For myself I shall vote
for this resolution, to give notice to Great Britain
that the treaty will terminate a year from the 16th
of March next. It is not a present abrogation of
the treaty, as I understand it; it is a notice which
is necessary to be given before the treaty can be
abrogated, and the treaty itself requires that notice
(which must be at least one year from the time
when it can take effect) not to be given until ten
years after the treaty went into operation. The
ten years do not expire, as I understand, until the
16th of March next, and after that it requires a
year's notice.
1 shall vote for it in no spirit of hostility against
the people of Canada or the government of Can-
ada, or the people of Great Britain or the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, but simply because I
believe that our new revenue system, which has
been forced upon us by the necessities of our
position growing out of this war, absolutely de-
mands that this treaty should be abrogated, or
that it should be reformed in some measure, or
our revenue is destroyed alongthenorthern front-
ier to a very great extent; and because 1 believe
that the treaty itselfis not reciprocal; that the ad-
vantage is very much in favor of Canada and
against the United States; and for the third rea-
son that 1 do not believe it possible for us to make
a new treaty unless we give the notice, for Great
Britain is now perfectly satisfied with the treaty
as it exists, and will not give the notice to term-
inate it, nor will they be open to negotiate anew
treaty until they see that we have resolved to term-
inate it. When they see that we have resolved
to terminate it, they will be open to negotiation,
and perhaps by th$t negotiation we may not only
cover this whole question of trade with Canada,
but before the year expires we may cover all the
pending questions between the Governments of the
United States and Great Britain.
Mr. FAR WELL. I trust that the resolution
will not be recommitted, but that a vote will be
taken upon it at once, and I only rise to say to the
Senator frem New Hampshire that the feeling
which has arisen between this country and the
provinces has nothing to do with my vote on this
question. Thepeopleof the State of Maine have
beenopposed to this treaty from its inception,and
are opposed to it now. They have passed reso-
lutions of their Legislature in opposition to it, arid
there has been no complaint of the people in any
section of that State against those resolutions
passed by the Legislature.
I have looked over the list of articles made free
by this treaty. I have not examined the tables;
his argument. It is not a fair argument. The
fact is that I said this treaty might want amend-
ment; but even if I were to go so far as to say that
1 conceded that, it would be far from justifying
the comment made upon that position by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont. But, sir, I say
that in the answer which he gives to the question
i put,heassumesthe thing in controversy. I be-
lieve that this treaty Hbs been wise and salutary,
and highly beneficial to this country. I believe
that under its beneficent operation a commercial
intercourse from one million to forty millions has
grown up, and that the conditions which the
■writers on political economy give to a prosperous
commerce apply to our trade with Canada under
this treaty, namely, that the exports slightly
exceed the imports, and they are constantly in-
creasing.
Mr. President, we may just as well take notice of
things as they existas to undertake to act on a state
of things that we hope may exist. Theie is great
excitement and there is ill-blood between this
country and Canada and the provinces to-day. I
do not say a thing here of which any gentleman is
ignorant. We all know it. I say nothing about
the origin or foundation of that feeling. I believe
that on our part it is well founded, that we have
cause of complaint against them; but I believe,
and I think 1 have reason to know, that the Cana-
dian government at this time are making strenu-
ous, great, energetic, and unprecedented efforts
to maintain good the national faith, preserve neu-
trality, and restore friendly feeling and keep up
kindly relations between the two countries, and I
believe that if we owe anything to the interests
of humanity, anything to the interests of Chris-
tianity, which should govern the intercourse of
nations, it is incumbent on us as a part of wis-
dom as well as duty that we strengthen the hands
of our friends in that country, that we do noth-
ing by which we shall lessen the influence which
fthey have over the ignorant and the base and the
wickcd. But, sir,you repeal this treaty, declare
that it is abrogated at once, and what do you do?
You putan argumentinto the mouths of evil-dis-
posed men in Canada, of those who are trying to
stir up and excite bad feelings between the two
countries; you give to them a blow with which
they will strike down the influence of our friends
who aro doing what they can to put their gov-
ernment and country right. I think that such
a blow at this time will have immense effect, and
effort for evil and evil only.
If it is determined that this treaty is to be abro-
gated , I would prefer to postpone the matter until
the next session of Congress. The notice will be
in abundant season then. If you postpone it until
the next session of Congress, the treaty will be
abrogated then just as soon as if you pass the res-
olution now. While this state of things exists,
why do you make'haste to show to the people of
Canada that you grab greedily at this opportunity
of striking tlus blow at them ? lfyour purposes
are what they should be, and what 1 do not doubt
they are, purposes that consist with the good of
the nation and the best interests of the country,
why not postpone the measure for twelve months?
You can then do everything thatyou can do now.
But if you strike this treaty out of existence to-
day, I greatly doubt whether you will ever see
another treaty or anything like it with the Cana-
dian provinces.
What is going on there now ? Efforts are be-
ing made, and 1 believe it is generally considered
that they wilt be successfully made, to consoli-
date the four eastern provinces with Canada, and
possibly all the other possessions in British North
America into one federal government, and when
that is done they will be a power upon this con-
tinent. In the State of Maine at the present mo-
ment, there are great efforts being made to con-
ncct the United States (and I think the aid of this
Geneial Government has been invoked in behalf
of tho measure) by means of a railroad with Hal-
ifax, in Nova Scotia. It is looked upon as agreat
national work, commending itself, 1 think, to the
judgment of the Senators from the State of Maine,
and everybody who wishes well to her interests.
Last summer I had the honor of making an ex-
cursion down the coast of Maine, with a commit-
tee of the two Houses of Congress, and we had
gentlemen from the State of Maine not connected
with the congressional committee on board, and
they entertained us constantly with maps and
documents and references relative to this great in-
ternational work to unite the provinces with the
States by this internal railroad.
Abrogate this treaty to-day, and you just as
effectually kill that railroad as would be done if
an earthquake was to sink the interval between
the two countries; the railroad dies* and it dies by
our own hands.
Besides, sir, what else are they doing? There
are great, gigantic efforts being made in the prov-
inces to unite the commercial cities of the coast,
Halifax, New Brunswick, and St. John, by an
internal railroad outside of the United States, with
the great national trunk railroad running from
Quebec and Montreal to the West. / By abro-
gating this treaty at this time, you destroy the
road m which we have an interest, you destroy
the hopes of this international communication,
and you give an impetus, and a great impetus, to
the other road which will exclude us entirely from
its benefits.
Mr. President, there are agreat many reasons
why if this resolution should be passed it should
not be passed now. There can be nothing gained
by passing it at this session over next session,
except the manifestation of what the Canadians
will regard as a hostile feeling. There can be
nothing else. There can be no good resulting
from it. I will make one more effort, a slight one,
perhaps it will be futile, for I see that the feeling
of this body is all one way, and I regret it because
I think it is wrong; I think the impulse is wrong;
I think it comes from wrong motives that subtly,
and I do not know how, have crept into the minds
of Senators. I am disposed to ask, if the Senate
will excuse me for a Latin quotation, TanUcne
animis ccclcstibus ira; ?
It astonishes me, sir. The motion 1 now make
—and it is the last effort I shall make beside
such an effort as is mf\de by the magic influence
of a vote—is that this joint resolution be committed
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I always listen with great
pleasure to the very distinguished Senator from
New Hampshire. 1 receive lectures from him
always with pleasure, and particularly upon finan-
cial and commercial affairs. His long study of
commercial relations and financial facts and the
business interests not only of this nation but of
the nations of the earth, have entitled him to
deliver lectures, and I listen to them, as I said,
with great pleasure, and I trust with great profit.
I have been specially, particularly interested in
this morning's lecture. There has been a clear-
ness in his presentation of commercial facts and
of business figures that is rarely witnessed upon
this floor, and I thank the Senator from the bot-
tom of my heart not only for having lectured me
personally, but for having enlightened the Senate
upon subjects upon which they have been pre-
sumed to be perhaps somewhat unenlightened, to
wit, our foreign relations. I thought the Senator
from Massachusetts made a very clear and lucid
and full exposition of those relations; but I had
not listened to the Senator from New Hampshire
when 1 came to that conclusion.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
the board of trade of the city of Detroit, being
at present engaged in business, being at present
observant of the commercial relations, are better
prepared to decido what are the interests of the
State of Michigan than is the Senator from Michi-
gan . That may all be so. 1 stated what I be-
lieved to be true, that the individuals of the board
of trade were like all other individuals, they un-
derstand their own individual interests and they
are working for those interests, and those in-
terests are to continue the receipt of Canadian
produce without regard to the effect that receipt
may have upon the producing interests of the
State of Michigan. I believe that to be the case
now, and I not only believe, but I know, that they
do not represent the interests of the whole State
of Michigan, nor of any considerable portion of
it; they simply represent their own.
One thing more with regard to the duties upon
our exports to Canada. The Senator says the
duties have not been raised one and a halfper cent.
I did not state that they had been. His statement
refers to the duties on all our exports which are
imported into Canada. I said that the duties on
certain of our exports had been raised. I do not
say that the duties on all our exports had been
raised, but on those things which we manufacture
