234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
mittee,in conjunction with the Secretary of State,
may lead to a mod ification of the treaty which may
be acceptable to both countries, may satisfy the
Government of Great Britain, and be profitable to
the United States. In ease, however, that motion
shall fail, and the proposition which has recently
be6  made by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] shall come before the Senate, I
shall vote for it; and in the event of the failure of
both, 1 shall have to record myself on the main
question ngainstmy first vote in the other House
and for giving the notice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not rise to discuss
this question, but only to say that I think there
is more of statesmanship in the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
than in any proposition I have heard connected
with this subject. Our relations with Canada
and the British provinces are very intimate and
very important to both countries, and I am not
prepared to say that we ought to have no special
treaty arrangements regulating-the trade between
the two countries. 1 think wo ought to have such
relations. If the treaty which now exists regu-
lating that trade is not such as it ought to be,
certainly there is wisdom enough in the two Gov-
ernments to so adjust it as that it will be just and
fair to both parties. If this measure be referred
to a committee, that committee may bring before
this body some such proposition as is made by
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts.
I do not think, even if there were some objec-
tions to this treaty, if in its operation it were not
altogether just to this country, that this is the
proper time to abrogate it. There has been a
good deal of folly as well as wisdom in news-
paper and public assemblies'givings-out touching
the relations between this Government and that
of Great Britain. We are very jealous of every
net on the part of Great Britain, and recently there
lias been much excitement touching transactions
on the border. If just now we abrogate a very
important treaty, the understanding cannot be
very favorable to our interests. Certainly no Sen-
ator now desires any embarrassments between
thisGovernmentand Great Britain. 1 have heaid
of men who are very valiant who say that we can
fight the whole world, defy Great Biitain, defy
France; but suppose we can, is it wisdom to do
it? I do not suppose that any action we may take
on this question will bring about trouble, but it
does not increase the securities of peace; that is
certain. No Senator claims that. Itopensques-
tious up again which for the time being were
settled. There are po commercial troubles that
can come up between us and Canada while this
treaty remains. I am not in favor of its abroga-
tion just now, whether I may be in the end or
not. *
There is another feature about this treaty that
I like. It provides to a very considerable extent
for fiee trade between us and a neighboring prov-
ince. I like that. I believe that the civilization
of the svorld will come up to that standard which
will secure free trade the world over. Let trade
regulate itself, let each nation support its own rev-
enue from Usown people. I believe we shall some
time come to thatstandard. The fact that Canada
is a province lying just alongside our territory,
is a reason why 1 like free trade between that
province and our own country. The fact that
this treaty secures free trade is a circumstance in
favor of it in my judgment. I do not intend to
discuss it. I shall vute for the reference. 1 shall
be very glad to see that reference made, hoping
that something will be done such as is suggested
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, this de-
bate has taken a very wide range, it seems to mo.
This proposition commends itself to me enough
to influence my vote in its favor. I have been
astonished at the course of remarks here. Sena-
tors have'argued that this proposition would lead
to difficulty with England, to bad feeling between
us and that country. Why, sir, we have a clear
right by the terms of the treaty to terminate the
treaty by giving the notice, and why and how
either the people of Canada or Great Britain
should regard our giving the notice as an act of
hostility to the in 1 do not understand. It would
be merely doing on our part what they agreed
we had the right to do. I do not think it will
lead to anysuch consequences as are apprehended
by Senators. I cannot see how it cat so result,
inasmuch as we have a clear right by the terms of
the treaty to terminate it by giving the notice. I
suppose all we can say in reference to the matter
is that formerly in entering into this treaty we
made a bad bargain, and now we wish to get rid
of it.
If the times now were such as they were when
the treaty was negotiated, I should not regard it
of very much importance either one way or the
other. I apprehend that the great difficulty that
has arisen in this case has arisen in consequence
of our recent laws for raising internal revenue,
and that is all there is in the whole case, I think.
If there is anything beyond that I have not been
able to perceive it. If things were now as they
were when the treaty was made, I do not believe
that I should vote to give the notice; but a change
of circumstances has made it necessary, in my
opinion, to terminate the treaty, and hence I am
for giving the notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to refer the joint resolution to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILSON. Is this vote on the reference
of the resolution or on its passage?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pas-
sage.
Mr, WILSON. I understood it was on the ref-
erence; I had intended to move an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call will
proceed.
The Secretary concluded calling the roll; and
the result was—yeas 33, nays 8; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lanier, Conner, Cowan, Davis, Doohttlo, Fnrwell, Foot,
Foster, Guinea, Hardin},',Italian, Harris, Henderson, Lane
of Indiana, Motgan, Monill, N«wmth, J'omcroy, i'owcll,
Richardson, Riddle. Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Ryck,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, and VVi!>on—33.
NAYS—Mc^rs. Huekniew, Dixon, Hale, Hendricks,
Hicks, Uowe, Ramsey, and Van Winkle—8.
AHtfJiJNT—Me^rs. Carlilr, Howard, Johnson, Lane of
Kansas, RloDougall, Saulshury, Wilkinson, and Wright—8.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Its title was amended to read, A joint resolu-
tion ptoviding for the termination of the recipro-
city treaty of" the 5th of June, 1854, between the
United States and Great Britain.
EXPEDITION AGAINST WILMINGTON.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be duected to inquire into the causes of the failure of the
late expedition against Wilmington, North Carolina, and
to report the l.ict* to the Senate.
ENROLLED DILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, us Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 595) to amend an act entitled
" An act for the punishment of crimes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia," approved March 2, 1831.
MASSACRE 03? CHEYENNE INDIANS.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have duected me to report a joint resolu-
tion, and to ask for us present consideration.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) in rela-
tion to the massacre of the Cheyenne Indians,
was read the first time and ordered to a second
reading. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
War to cause the suspension of all pay and al-
lowances to each of the members of the third Col-
orado regiment, officers, privates, and employes,
and all others engaged in the recent attack made
on the Cheyenne Indians in their village near Fort
Lyon, in the Territory of Colorado, under the
command of Colonel Chevington, until the conduct
of the colonel and the regiment, and all others
engaged m that attack, shall receive the approval
of the Secretary of War; and he is to cause all
ponies, blankets, money, jewels, furs, and other
property captured fiom the Indians, to be seized
and held for the use of the United States, or for
restitution to the Indians, if it shall hereafter ap-
i pear that the attack was unjustifiable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to the resolution
being considered now.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to its
being printed, but I should like a report from the
committee about it. It is certainly taking pretty
harsh measures to stop the pay of soldiers for
doing what their officers ordeied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The jointreso-
lution cannot be considered, objection being made.
It will be printed as a matter of course, being re-
ported from a committee.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, 2ind the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January ¥2, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to give notice that at the
proper time I propose to offer an amendment to
Ho use bill No. G02, reported fiom the committee
on the rebellious States. I ask leave to submit
the same at this time, and that it be printed.
The reading of the amendment being called
for, it was read at length. It proposes to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert a sec-
tion providing that no State engaged in rebellion
against the Govcrnmentof the United States shall
be allowed to resume its political relations with
the Govcrnmentof the United States until by the
action of the loyal citizens within the limits of
the same a State constitution shall be ordained
and established, republican in form, forever pro-
hibiting involuntary servitude within the State,
and guarantying to all persons freedom and equal-
ity of rights before the law.
Section two provides that the State of Louisiana
shall be permitted to renew its political relations
with the Govcrnmentof the United States under
the constitution adopted by the convention as-
sembled at New Orleanson the 6th of April, 1864.
No objection being made, the amendment was
ordered to be printed.
CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to fix the time for the election of Representatives
in the Congress of the United States, which was
reada first and second time; referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN ANDREW RUSSELL.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files certain papers in the
case Hf Captain Andrew Russell, an officer in the
revolutionary war.
TREASURER'S OFFICE, BOSTON.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. HOOPER. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] allow me to introduce a
bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
character of the bill?
Mr. HOOPER. I ask unanimous consent io
introduce a bill to provide for the appointment of
clerks in the office of the Assistant Treasurerof the
United States, at Boston, Massachusetts, and to
fix their salaries.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist upon
my call for the regular order of business.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the con-
sideration of the business m which the House
was engaged at the adjournment yesterday, be-
ing the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House on the 15th of last June rejected ajomt
resolution (S. No. 16) submitting to the Legisla-
tures of the seveial States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States, on
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith]
has the floor.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I ask the indui-
