1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] does not
authorize elections to lie held. It is a prohibition
against elections being held in these States, ex-
cept three conditions are complied with. It pro-
vides that all these conditions shall be complied
with before the States shall have the privilege of
electing. Not these three conditions only, but
each one will be a bar to the election and entrance
of members from such States. Neither the peo-
ple nor the Legislatures of States in insurrection
shall elect until, first, the President, by procla-
mation, shall have declared that armed hostility
to the Government of the United States within
such States has ceased. That is one condition
before they can elect. The second is, nor until
the people of such State shall have adopted a con-
stitution of government not repugnant to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. Who is to
judge of thekind of constitution which the States
may adopt? Is it the Congress? The gentleman
does not by this bill raise the question as to the
character of the constitution. We are not re-
quired to vote as to what is or is not repugnant to
the Constitution and laws. Is the President the
judge as to the quality of the constitution? Not
by any special clause of this bill. Is it Congress
who is the judge ? Congress does not undertake
to judge at all until the members are elected.
Who then is to judge whether these constitutions
are or are not repugnant to the Constitution and
laws of the United States? I ask the gentleman
to answer me that question.
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the gentleman.
The two Houses of Congress constitute the tri-
bunal undoubtedly for determining these ques-
tions. They determine whether these conditions
exist before these States can engage in the elec-
tion of Senators and Representatives.
Mr. COX. That will bring it at last, as ttifc
gentleman will see, to section five, article one, of
the Constitution, the supreme law, that " each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members." We need
110 law. We have the paramount law of the land
on the subject. Each House shall judge not only
of the election, but the mode, manner, and pro-
priety of it. Each House can by the supreme
law of the land determine all of these questions.
Wo law of ours, now and here, can prevent or
foreclose these questions. Each House is the tri-
bunal for each e&se as it arises. When the gentle-
man makes conditions before the election as to
their legality, I think that he only strives to reenact
what we have already in a good deal bettershape
in the Constitution.
My friend from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] suggests to me that by this bill, and by
no other bill, can you deprive either House of
Congress of the right to pass upon the election,
returns, and qualifications of members.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Ohio that I admit that. Before either House
can pass upon the election there must have been
an election. The holding of that election we pro-
pose to prevent until certain events.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is not ■undertaking
to facilitate the election of members; not to make
an enabling act, but to prevent—for that is his
word—the election of members of Congress to
represent these insurrectionary States. The bill
i* a prohibition and not an enabling act. How,
then, can he base his bill upon the fourth section
of the first article of the Constitution? It says
that " the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives shall
be prescribed in each State by the Legislature
thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law
make or alter such regulations, except as to the
places of choosing Senators." I cannot see that
this bill has any foundation in that clause of the
Constitution. There is no time fixed in that bill.
There is no plact fixed in thai bill. There is no
manner fixed in the bill for holding elections for
members of Congress. Congress may make and
alter such regulations when the State Legisla-
tures fail to do it. Does the gentleman mean to
anticipate or forbid the action of the State Legis-
latures, or of the people m the respective Slates?
If so, it is a bill to destroy representation, to de-
stroy the States, and destroy the Union. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. H1GBY. 1 shall not pretend to answer
the gentleman from Ohio; but what little I have
to say will be directed to the theory upon which
this bill, or any other bill for reconstruction, is
opposed in this House.
Now, sir, 1 understand that unless we have a
law of Congress that will debar any State now
in rebellion from coming here with Representa-
tives, that we in this body are obliged, if we will
receive any, to receive as many Representatives
as were upon this floor at the commencement of
this rebellion. I understand we have no power
to lessen the number unless there be a law of
Congress, passed by both Houses, under which
we can act. Sir, the population of those States
is being depleted every day. Thousands of
refugees are every day coming to the North,and
thousands of graves are being filled by those
slaughtered upon the field of battle; and in every
direction the living are going. The population is
wasting away in those States.
And upon this principle, in opposing the pas-
sage of the bill of yesterday, or the one of to-day,
it is no matter if the population of these States is
wasted to one fourth of what it was at the time
these seats were vacated. If we have no act of
Congress we are obliged to receive as many Rep-
resentatives as left these Halls at the commence-
ment of this rebellion. We have no safeguard
unless we have one in the shape of an act passed
by both Houses of Congress. And I put it to
gentlemen upon this side of the House who are
opposing this amendment, if they are ready to
receive the same number of Representatives back
into these Halls, without regard to the amount of
their population. If they are, it strikes me that
they are transferring the battles we are now fight-
ing in*the field to the floors of Congress. 1 choose
to fight it out on the battle-field. And I think this
is the only way by which we can secure our-
selves from any such intrusion here.
Mr. WILSON. I am anxious to get a vote
upon this measure to-day, not only for the pur-
pose of disposing of it, but because I have some
otherreportsto submit from the committee, which
I probably shall not have.another opportunity to
do during the session. One of them is a bill upon
which gentlemen upon the other side of the House
have felt quite as much, if not more, interest than
we have on this side. I refer to the bill in rela-
tion to the interference with elections by military
or naval officers. Therefore I desire to get this
bill disposed of in some way.
I do not think the objection raised by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] in rela-
tion to the action of the President is well founded;
for we all know that the inclination of the Pres-
ident's mind has been very liberal in relation
to the admission of members from those insur-
rectionary States. Almost every one who has
come here from those so-called reorganized States
has, to a greater or less degree, had the favor of
the President in relation to his claim to a seat.
There can be no danger from that source; and I
should apprehend no difficulty whatever in the
issuing of the proclamation by thePresidentatany
time when a state of things exists in those States
as set forth in the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Does not the gentleman
suppose it possible that we may have another
President before all the States come back?
Mr. WILSON. I have a faith, strong and
abiding, that the ultimate triumph of this nation
will be insured long before the termination of the
next presidential term. I do not believe that any
man on either side of the House doubts an early
triumph of the Government over the rebellion.
Mr. MALLORY. The President may die.
Mr. WILSON. That is true; but if that event
should occur we would have a faithful Execu-
tive in the person of Andrew Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, to issue the proclamation upon the hap-
pening of the prescribed contingency. I think
if the reins of Government should fall into his
hands he would not hesitate to issue a proclama-
tion in reference to his own State or any other
State when armed resistance to the Government
should be subdued.
Mr. MALLORY. This gentleman from Ten-
nessee, of whom thegentleman from Iowa speaks,
was the one who proclaimed that no one should
be allowed to vote in Tennessee who would not
swear that he cordially approved of every procla-
mation and act of the President of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON. That has nothing to do with
the actual suppression of armed rebellion; but it
suggests to my mind another objection mised by
the gentleman from Kentucky ,timl that was, t}iat
we proposed to inteifrie Willi the local nfTWa of
those Stales, such as marring'', ami nl! civil rights
of the citizens thereof. Sir, we propose no such
thing. Those are questions which must depend
upon the aotion of the local authorities of the
States, and we interfere with them in no manner
whatever.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman one
question, to which I hope he will give a plain and
clear answer. 1 ask him whether, if members are
ejected to Congress from these States in defiance of
and in spite of this bill, a future Congress cannot
admit them anyhow?
Mr.-WILSON. Not rightfully, not lawfully.
Mr. 6?>X. Not under the Constitution ?
Mr. WILSON. They may override the law;
they may disregard the provisions of the statute
and by a majority vote admit any person they
may see fit to give a seat in this body, but not
lawfully.
Mr. COX. Does not the Constitution give us
the right to admit any one here?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it does not give us
the right to admit any one here. It gives us the
right to admit any person rightfully and lawfully
elected.'
Mr. COX. Congress is to judge of that.
Mr. WILSON. We are to be the judges of
the election.
Mr. COX. That brings the gentleman right
round in the circle again.
Mr. WILSON. Not at all. The difficulty
which the gentleman labors under is that he con-
fuses the judgment which the House pronounces
upon an election which has taken place with the
right or the absence of right of the people to hold
elections. They must hold elections in accord-
ance with the povisions of law. I desire by this
bill to determine when they may hold elections
for Senators by these Legislatures, and Repre-
sentatives by the people. Let this first he done,
and then the House can exercise the power to
which thegentleman refers and determine whether
an election has been held in pursuance of law;
that is the sole object we have in pressing this
matter.
Now, 1 think itmust have occurred to the mind
of every member of this House that the great
difficulty we have in dealing with the election
cases that are now pending before the House from
Louisiana and Arkansas is this: that we are re-
quired, because of the manner in which those
cases are presented, to pass upon, not merely the
election of the members or those claiming seats,
but also the condition of the country, the condi-
tion qf the local governments in those States; we
are required to go back and examine all ilie acts
ofthose people from the time they rebelled against
the Government of the United States down to the
time they elected or pretended to elect the persons
clairfting seats here as Representativesfrorn those
States. The whole subject m involved in our ac-
tion upon the cases now pending in the House.
The question of election is surrounded and bur-
dened with a multtmde of issues which should
all be settled in advance of an election.
Now, one object that 1 have in asking (he House
to pass this bill is, that we may sever the two
questions, that we may decide first in relation
to the condition and organization of the tjtaie
governments, and if we determine that ihe con-
ditions of the law have been propei ly complied
with, then we have no more to do m passing
upon the claims of persons from Louisiana claim-
ing admission here than we have in ihe oases of
claimants from New York or Ohio. Th   sole
consideration then will be whether the election
has been legal or whether the parties have been
properly elected, all other questions having been
disposed of in advance.
Now, sir, in relation to the suggestion made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. I'om-
eroy,] that we might, if we pass this bill, inter-
fere with the election of members in the State of
New York; that, sir, shows that there is a wide
difference between the gentlemanconclusion in
relation to the rebellious States arid nunc. I do
not believe that we are called upon to trent the
insurrectionary Slates in the same manner we
treat iho.se which have always been trim to tlieir
allegiance to their Government. To assume such
n position is to place the GoTernment in many
