1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
gence of the House for a short time while I state
as clearly as I can the reasons which will compel
me to cast the vote I shall give upon this propo-
sition. No question has produced more interest
or caused more feeling m the country, save prob-
ably the war, than the question now under con-
sideration. It is one that affects not merely a
single section but the whole country. It is one
' which demands of each Representative upon this
floor, not only serious consideration, but that de-
liberation which should characterize everyone of
us from every part of the United States.
It may be considered by some thatthe position
I shall take to-day,coming from the region of
country I do, having been educated and associated
with the class of men I have, is a strange one.
Yet, nevertheless, I feel it a duty that I owe to my-
self; I feel it a duty I owe to those around me; I
feel it a duty I owe to my whole country, that I
should lay aside all personal considerations, all
past reminisccnces, all personal interests,and de-
vote myselfalone to my country, and to my whole
country. Nothing has surprised me more than the
declarations of some gentlemen who have spoken
on this subject, enunciating in bold and unmis-
takable language doctrines which, if adopted by
the people of the United States and carried out,
must inevitably result in the ruin of the Govern-
ment; doctrines which had their origin more than
a quarter of a century ago in the heated brains of
southern fire-eaters, and which have brought us
to our present deplorable and miserable condi-
tion.
While I admit, sir, the just rights of each indi-
vidual State; while I would accord to each State
in this Union all the nglus to which it is entitled,
and would maintain them to the.utmost; while I
would adhere to the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution in respect to all the rights guarantied to
each State, I conceive that there is nothing so ob-
noxious, so abominable, so ruinous to a repub-
lican form of government as that doctrine of ultra
State rights which has been asserted recently
upon the floor of Congiess. It subverts all the
principles of this Government; it is in conflict
with the true principles of republicanism, and it
bungs us into a position into which we would
not be brought otherwise—perfect desolation and
ruin.
I admit, sir, upon the part of a people the in-
alienable right of revolution; but I deny the posi-
tion assumed yesterday by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] that the right of revolu-
tion belongs to a people under all circumstances
and at all times. In all well-regulated Govern-
ments, m all Governments that have had the true
foundation, a constitutional basis which is recog-
nized as valid, the light of revolution upon the
part of the people docs not exist except when that
Government has become oppressive and despotic
upon a portion of its people. The doctrine enun-
ciated yesterday fell not more harshly upon the
ears of the members of tins House, nor more
harshly upon the people of the nation, than that
doctrine enunciated a long time ago by the gioat
secessionist and State-lights man of South Car-
olina, Mr. Calhoun; a doctrine which has been
obnoxious to the people of the country since it
originated in the brain, not of a patriot or good
man, but of one who, though a great man, sought
the interest and aggrandizement of a State more
than that of the country for which his fathers had
suffered and bled and died; a doctrine which has
produced rebellion, revolution, and war; a doc-
trine which has clod the great Government of
the United States in the habiliments of mourning,
and brought weeping around every hearthstone
in the land. Yet with all the facts before us, in
the light of truths which should make the heart
of every man bleed to-day, men are bold and au-
dasious enough to rise upon this floor and go a
step beyond the odious position taken by other
men in times gone by. And more; than that, it is
astounding that men upon that side of the House,
who have been born and educated in opposition
to Democracy, who have made it the object of
their life-long antagonism, who have denounced
U as detrimental to the best interests of the coun-
try, should now bi come the champions of State
rights and advocate the punciples maintained by
the modern Democratic party.
Sir, the doctrine enunciated by a great states-
man in 1832, that this is a Government of the peo-
ple, is true to-day. This Corgress emanated
from the people; the Constitution emanated from
the people*, the States emanated from the people;
and the people, not of Ohio, not of North Caio-
lina, not of Kentucky, not of any other individual
State, but the people of the whole country, have a
right to control it as their best judgment may dic-
tate; and when the people of this country sec
proper to alter 6r amend their fundamental law,
whatever that amendment may be, if it is in har-
mony with that instrument itself and in accord-
ance with the feelings and best interests of the
people, he who dares proclaim the sentiment that
it is not only the right but the sacred duty of a
single individual State of this country to resist
such an amendment when adopted, announces
himself as a revolutionist now and forever, and
deserves the desecration of men who favor law
and order in the land. When this Government
was formed, it was formed not by the individual
independent sovereignties; it was formed by a
united people who had assembled in their repre-
sentative capacity for the purpose of making a
stronger and more perfect Union; and they de-
clared that that instrument which was to be the
fundamental law of the Government might be
amended in the way their interests might dictate.
I do not, however, intend to debate the consti-
tutional question; but I intend to lay down the
proposition that it is the duty of the American
Congress, under the present circumstances, to
submit this amendment to the people, and that it
is the duty of the people to adopt it; because, in
my judgment, it was this isolated subject of sla-
very that produced the revolution or'the rebel-
lion; and only by getting rid of this subject can
we give permanent peace and tranquillity to the
land. While I have had all the prejudices con-
cerning that institution that any man could have,
while 1 have had all the education that was neces-
sary to make me believe in that institution, and
while, as an abstract proposition, I cannot now
altogether deny the principles in which 1 was
educated, yet when I view the present condition
of the country, involved m rebellion and war,
desolation and bloodshed throughout two thirds
of the country, I lay aside those prejudices; I
lay aside personal interest; I lay aside considera-
tions of State locality; I rise higher than more
State interests, mere personal prejudice; I look to
the whole country, and the greatest good of the
greatest number of the people.
So far as my own State is concerned, and so
far as the people of that State are concerned,allow
me to say here, sir, that while that pioperty in
I860 was valued at $107,000,000, it was confined
to only one eighth ot the population of thatState.
It has been induced below ^50,000,000 by the war,
and yet there are only one in eight of the popu-
lation of my State who are interested in the insti-
tution of slavery. And two thirds of that, portion
who are interested in the institution of slavery
are of the meanest, the most designing1 die of se-
cessionists and rebels. I am not here to legislate
for their benefit, for their comfort, for their re-
ward, but I am here to legislate for their punish-
ment, for their destruction, and for the salvation
of the loyal people of my State. If I do that which
takes from them not only their slaves but every-
thing else they may possess to save the Union
people of my State and K*ve them the proiection
they are entitled to, then I have accomplished my
duty as the Representative of the loyal people, and
as a loyal citizen of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I do not know what may have
prompted the feelings of my colleague from the
Ashland district, [Mr. Clay,] in the charge he
made the other day, that the whole of this legis-
lation seemed to be directed by twenty-odd States
against one loyal State—Kentucky. 1 do not know
what feelings may have been in his bosom which
induced him to throw such a shaft at the gieat
loyalty of the northern people. He must have
forgotten 1861,1862, and ]863,and especially 1861.
He must have forgotten that when we were in full
possession of our property in slaves, when we
were in full possession ot our homes, when v;c
were surrounded by our families, when we were
surrounded by everything agreeable, and when we
were a happy and piospeious people, it won not
tlie Noi th, it was not the vandalism of the North,
it was not the propagandists of the North, it was
not the abolitionism of the North, but it was the
damnable secessionists of the South, it was the
men who have his sympathy to-day, which threat-
ened him and me, and tried by force to compel
those he and I represented into the coalition to
dissolve the Union. When we were in that strait-
ened condition, when thus surrounded, where did
our help come from? Where did our assistance
come from ? And who called for it? Did we not -
ask Illinois and Indiana and Ohio and New York,
and all of the northern States to come to our help?
Like patriots and men, forgetting local prejudices
that had withheld them from action before, they
marched in hundreds and thousands into our
State, and across it to our southern boundary, and
there stood as a mighty bulwark andsaved us, not
only our real estate, but our property in slaves.
With the marching of two hundred thousand sol-
diers there has never been a loss of fifty negroes
till 3864, under the enrollment laws of Congress.
Sir, I remember well when not only myself but
every man on the other side of the House from
the State of Kentucky who had been recognized
as a Union man was a refugee from his home, a
refugee because of that party which to-day is
fighting for the institution of slavery, looking to
its establishment, not only in the States where it
was before, but in the States of the Southwest,
and in the whole western country, pushing it even
into the New England States. I know that they
dared not stay at their homes. They dared not
continue at their firesides. Yet they, by their
action, by their votes, and their speeches, are giv-
ing aid and comfort to the enemies of the men
whom they here denounce as thieves and robbers
and plunderers. I cannot do it; I will not do it;
for 1 well remember when this war began the sen-
timent was enunciated all over the country that
partisan politics should be forgotten. Democracy
was laid aside; Whiggery was laid aside; Know-
Nothingism was laid aside; and we came together
as one man, and Kentucky's patriotic sons stood
by Massachusetts':* abolition sons to battle for
one object—the restoration of the Union. I in-"
tend to stand there to-day. I intend to maintain
that position by word, by vote, and by action;
and my people, the loyal people of Kentucky, I
believe a majority of the people of Kentucky, will
favor the adoption of this amendment.
Now, sir, Kentucky has never been an ultra
State-rights party. It has never adhered to the
Calhoun doctrine. It has repudiated the doctrine
enunciated by Vallandigham. It has denounced
the doctrine of Seymour of New York. It has
denounced the doctrine of Seymour of Connec-
ticut. It has always been opposed to these ultra
doctrines. In the last election it did not indorse
the doctrine preached to-day by the men on the
other bide of the House. It did not vote con-
demnation, in my judgment, of the action of the
present Administration.
Now, sir, no man on the other side of this House
from the Commonwealth of Kentucky that 1 have
known or heard denies the right and power of
the Government to make an enlistment of all
classes of men for the Army. None of them have
denied that such right exists under the Constitu-
tion. They have voted against it here because
such a course, as they say,' was not politic; and
because it svas " robbing" people of their prop-
erty. But let me ask if every roan from the North
and the non-slaveholder of Kentucky has not
been " robbed" of that which is nearer and dearer
to him than the slaves are to any man who lives
in Kentucky. Kentucky is a loyal State, and
being such they should manifest their loyalty by
giving whatever the Government demands, and
he who would repudiate the Government and im-
pede its progress, and assist the rebels because of
the enlistment of negroes, is not a loyal man, and
does not represent the loyal people of Kentucky,
Again, I believe there is not a man m all the
South who, if the question were brought home
to him directly, and he were to speak the honest
sentiments of his heart without prejudice ond
without the surroundings which exist, would not
acknowledge abstractly that the institution of
slavery was an evil and a wrong. I have never yet
conveised with a man in Kentucky or the South
who has not acknowledged that the country and
the State would be better off had it not been for
slavery. Now, then, while I would have taken
no action upon this subject before the rebellion,
and would have left it to the people of the States
to dispose of the institution as they thought
proper, retaining or abolishing it; now that these
men have plunged the country into a war for the
