1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
respects at the mercy of those who are endeavor-
ing to destroy the Republic. I can never yield
my assent to such doctrines.
Now, 1 should like to name some other condi-
tions in this bill, for I am free to say, as one of the
members of this House, that I will not vote to rec-
ognize a reconstructed government in any State
which has been in rebellion against the United
States unless that reconstructed government ut-
terly repudiates and forever prohibits the exist-
ence of slavery within its jurisdition. It is not
my purpose to recognize or tolerate the existence
of a right on the part of the people of any portion
of this Republic to make slaves of men. I cannot
and will not by any vote of-mine favor the con-
tinuance of that system of bondage of which
have sprung all of the evils that have been op-
pressing this nation for the last four years, cov-
ering this land with sorrow, and causing mourn-
ing in every household. Others may do this if
they will, but the crime shall not be found at my
door, nor the blood upon my skirts.
Sir, other persons may differ from me in that
respect. Other persons may be willing to recog-
nize those reconstructed governments without
such a provision being embodied in their consti-
tutions. I therefore make no issue with them on
that question, so far as this bill is concerned. I
merely say that we will require them to organize
a republican form of government, and that the
Congress of the United States shall pass on that
form of government before the States are permit-
ted to elect Senators and Representatives. If,
when I come to exercise my judgment on the con-
stitution which they may adopt and present here,
I shall find in it anything that will lead me to the
conclusion that it is not a republican form of gov-
ernment, this bill will not prevent me from giving
expression to that judgment by a negative vote;
nor will it prevent, by any provision in it, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Maliory] from
passing upon iuin such manner as he may deem
best, whether it be anti-slavery or pro-slavery.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, will the gen-
tleman from Iowa, who occupies the position of
chairman of the Judiciary Committee in this
House, selected for his ability as a lawyer to pre-
side over that law committee, tell me—for 1 sup-
pose his opinion would have great weight with
the community—whether he regards these rebel
States as in the Union or out of the Union?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the gentleman's
question with pleasure. I regard this Republic as
being possessed of a common domain, consist-
ing of all the territory within the borders of the
United States; that that entire domain is subject
to the authorityof the Government of the United
States, and that, so far as the action of the Gov-
ernment of the United States concerns the people,
it operates on them as citizens of the United
States resident within certain States, but not as
the citizens of those States. Yet that portion of
the people of the United States residing within
the State of South Carolina may, by their own
•wrong, destroy the local State government which
protects them, but the destruction of that local
government, which has already taken place by the
action of the people of South Carolina, does not
release the people of South Carolina, being a
portion of the people of the United States, from
their obligations to the Government, nor will it
relieve them from such measures as the Govern-
ment may adopt for their punishment for the
gigantic crime they have committed against our
sovereignty. Neither the people nor territory are
out of the Union. They are a part of our people;
the territory is a part of our common domain—
both subject to our jurisdiction.
* MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate of the United States,
by Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, announced
that the Senate had passed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 468) supplemental to an act en-
titled " An act to amend the several acts respect-
ing copyright," approved Februa{*,3, 1831, and
to the acts in addition thereto ana amendments
thereof; and
An act (H. R. No. 184) to facilitate proceed-
ings in admiralty and other judicial proceedings
in the port of New York, and for other purposes,
with amendments; in which bill and amendments
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
RECONSTRUCTION—AGAIN.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to thank the learned
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] for his lu-
minous and intricate answer to my question, and
to say that the upshot of it, as I understand, is
that the territory of these States is in the Union,
but the people all out of it.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; the gentleman will
find himself mistaken if the laws of the United
States shall be executed on these people as I think
they ought to be executed; at least in regard to
that portion of them who have misled the masses
there into the crime of treason against a Govern-
ment which never harmed them, but always gave
them protection. Every law of the United States
is of binding force on all the territory within that
southern land, and on all the inhabitants thereof;
but the people there havedestroyed the machinery
of their local government, and we must interfere
to reestablish that which they have destroyed,
and reassert the authority of the nation, and make
it effective for the public good and the general
welfare.
Mr. MALLORY. Then, according to the gen-
tleman's theory, they are in the Union for no
other purpose than to be hanged.
Mr.'WILSON. Mr. Speaker, they are in the
Union for every rightful purpose under the laws
of the United Slates. They have no officers there
sworn to support the Constitution of the United
States. And the gentleman from Kentucky knows
that without that they can have no Governors,
no judges, no Legislatures, no officers to execute
the law, which we can recognize as being clothed
with any authority whatever; and yet he would
have us believe that these men, perjured traitors
as they are, constitute the State government of
South Carolina. No, sir; they are subject to the
Constitution of the United States, but they have
destroyed their local government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope the House will in-
dulge me in the demand for the previous ques-
tion. I ask it because I think I have been liberal
in the division of my time, and because I desire
to submit the other reports to which I have re-
ferred.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question the House divided; and there were—
ayes 42, noes 53.
Mr. WILSON asked for tellers; and tellers
were ordered..
Messrs. Wilson and Mallohy were appointed
tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 69.
So the demand for the previous question was
not seconded.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend the substi-
tute by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting what I now send to the Clerk's
desk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That in the States declared in rebellion against the Uni-
ted States the President shall, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appoint for each a provisional gov-
ernor, whose pay and emoluments shall not exceed that of
a brigadier general of volunteers, who shall be charged with
the civil administration of such State until a State govern-
ment therein shall be recognized as hereinafter "provided.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That until thp United
States shall have recognized a republican form of State
government, the provisional governor in each ot said States
shall see that this act, and the laws of the United States,
and the laws of the State tor the protection of persons and
property m force when the State government was over-
thrown by the rebellion, are faithfully executed within the
State; but no law or usage whereby any person was here-
tofore heldhn involuntary servitude shall be recognized or
enforced by any court or officer in such State; and the
Jaws lor the government, trial, and punishment of white
persons shall extend to all persons, and jurors shall have
the qualifications of voters under this law for delegates to
the convention.
Sec. 3. *dnd be it further cnacted. That all persons held
to involuntary servitude or labor in the States or parts of
States in which such persons have been declared free by
any proclamation of the President, are hereby emancipated
and discharged therefrom, and they and their posterity
shall be forever free. And if any such persons or their
posterity shall be restrained ot liberty under pretense of any
claim to such service or labor, the courts of the United
States shall, on habeas corpus>discharge them.
Sec. 4. Jhid be it further enacted, That U any person
declared free by this act, or any law of the United State*,
or any proclamation of the President, be restrained of lib-
erty, with intent to be held in or reduced to involuntary
servitude or labor, llie person ednvicted of so restraining
him before a court of competent jurisdiction of such act
shall be punished by fine of not less than $1,500, and be
imprisoned not less than five nor more than twenty years,
Sec. 5. Jind bettjurther enacted, That&o soon as-the
military resistance to the United States shall nave been
suppressed in any such State, and the people thereof sfiall
have sufficiently returned to their obedience to the Consti-
tution and the laws of the United States, the provisional
governor shall direct the marshal of the United States, as
speedily as may be, to name a sufficient number of depu-
ties, and to enroll all white male citizens of the United
States of the age of twenty-one years resident in the State in
their respective countleg,and to request each one to take the
oath to support the Co#utution of the United States, and
in his enrollment to designate those who take and those
who refuse to take that oath, which roils shall be forthwith
returned to the provisional governor; and if the persons
taking that oath shall, together wijti the citizens of the
United. States irom such State in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United Suites, amount to a majority of the per-
sons enrolled in the State, he shall, by proclamation, invite
the loyal people of the State thus enrolled and in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States to elect delegates
to a convention charged to declare the will of the people
of the State relative to the reostablishraent of a State
government, subject to and in conformity with the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the convention
in each State shall consist of as many members as both
houses of the last constitutional State Legislature, The
delegates shall be elected in single districts, and the ap-
portionment shall be made by the provisional governor
among the counties, parishes, or districts of the State, m
proportion to the number of electors enrolled by the mar-
shal, in compliance with the provisions of this act, in-
cluding those who are in the military or naval service of
the United States, as aforesaid. The provisional gov-
ernor shall, by proclamation, name a day of election, not
less than thirty days thereafter; designate the places of
voting in each county, parish, or district, conforming, as
nearly as may be convenient, to the places used in the
State elections next preceding the rebellion; appoint one
or more commissioners to hold the election at each place
of voting, and provide an adequate force to keep the peace
during the election.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enactedf That all citizens of
the United States ox the age of twenty-one years, resi-
dents of the State, who are in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, and ali who have been honor-
ably discharged therefrom, together with all loyal citizens
enrolled as aforesaid, who shall take and subscribe the
oath of allegiance to the United States, prescribed in the
act of July 2, 1862, shall be electors, and may vote for
delegates to the convention hereinbefore authorized, in the
county, parish, or district in which they reside, and all
such citizens ofthe United States who are in the military
or naval service of the United States shall vote at tb"
headquarters of their respective commands, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the provisional gov-
ernor for the taking and return of their votes; but no per-
son who has held or exercised any office, civil or mili-
tary, State or confederate, under the rebel usurpation, op
who lias voluntarily borne arms against the United States,
shall vote or be eligible to be elected as delegate at such
election.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That yie said commis-
sioners, or either of them, shall hold the election in con-
formity with this act, and, so far as may be consistent
therewith, shall proceed in the manner used in the State
prior to the rebellion. The oath of allegiance shall be taken
and subscribed on the poll-book by every voter iu the form
above preacribed; but every person known by or proved to
the commissioners to have held or exercised any office,
civil or military, State or confederate, under the rebel
usurpation, or to have voluntarily borne arms against the
United States, shall he excluded though he offer to take
the oath; and in case any person who shall have borne
arms against the United States shall offer to vote, he shall
be deemed to have borne arms voluntarily titiless he shall
prove the contrary by the testimony of a qualified voter.
The poll-book, showing the name and oath of each voter,
shall be returned to the provisional governor by the com-
missioners of election or the one acting, and the provisional
governor shall canvass such returns, and declare the per-
son having the highest number of votes elected.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisional
governor shall, by proclamation, convene the delegates
elected as aforesaid at the capital ofthe State, on a day not
more than three months after the election, giving at least
thirty days' notice of such day. in case the said capital
shall in his judgment be unfit, he shall in his proclamation
appoint another place. He shall call the convention to
order, and administer to each delegate, before taking his
seat in the convention, the oath ot allegiance to the United
States in the form hereinbefore prescribed, after which the
delegates shall select their own presiding and all other
officers of the convention.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the convention
shall declare, on behalf of the people of the State, their
submission to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and shall adopt the following provisions, hereby
prescribed by the United States in the execution or the
conhtituuona'l duty to guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to every State, and incorporate them in the con-
stitution of the State, that is to say: First. No peison who
has held or exercised^any office, civil or uuhtai), except
civil offices merely ministerial and militaiy offices below
the grade of colonel, State or confederate, under the iiMirp-
ing power, shall vote for or be a member of the Legtslatuie
or Governor. Second. Involuntary servitude is forever pro-
hibited, and freedom and equality of civil rights before the
law are guarantied to all persons in said State. Third.
No debt, State or confederate, created by or nrtdei the
sanction of the usurping power, or in any manner in aid
thereof, shall be recognized or paid by the State; and all
acts, jtidn-ial or legislative, tor the eonfi cation or loifritnie
of any debt, property, or franehi>e of any loyal citizen of
\he United Statee, aie hereby declaied null am* void.
