236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
support and maintenance of slavery, and Ken-
tucky has refused to go into that rebellion and
abide by the decision of those who have broken
the Constitution, trampled the laws under their
feet, and violated every pledge they made to the
people, I believe it is time, under the power of
the Government, and by the expressed will of the
people, to give^ the strongest evidence of their
patriotism and 'philanthropy by cutting up that
institution root and branch, and as soon as possi-
ble. That would work a hardship upon some, I
know, but in a struggle like this some are bound
to suffer mote than others, and to lose their prop-
erty and their slaves. But because these things
occur must we stop our efforts for the benefit of
the Government, the maintenance of the laws, the
establishment of peace, and the destruction of the
rebellion? No, sir; I tell you that is not the spirit
and the feeling of the people upon our side, while
it may be the purpose upon the other side to rally
around a party which is not in fact opposed to
the abolition of slavery, but who intend to use
this question as a pretext to. defeat the real ends
of the Government.
The South is itself for the abolition of slavery.
The Governments of England and France would
not under any circumstances recognize the inde-
pendence of the South unless it is accompanied
by the condition of the abolition of slavery, and
the South would abolish it to-day if those Gov-
ernments would acknowledge their independence.
If the South would come forward and make that
proposition in order that they might have their
independence acknowledged, what effect would
it have upon those foreign nations and upon the
Governmentof the United States? We have been
fighting for thefreedomof all men and for the de-
fense of a free and republican form of govern-
ment. We have spent millions and millions of
dollars and lost hundreds and thousands of lives
for that purpose. Wo have said to the Old World
that we arc fighting for the maintenance of a free
Government. We are fighting not only to restore
the Union, but for the abolition of the institution
of slavery forever. We intend to establish the
great truth that man cannotholil property in man.
Now as long as we maintain that position, and
by our legislation show to the old country that
we intend to carry out that purpose, England and
France will stand back, be quiet, and allow us to
woik out our own salvation. Ijut suppose this
Congress,by failing to pass this resolution,shall
show that the millions of the people of the loyal
North arc afraid to act because of the single State
of Kentucky, or because of the interest which a
few men may have in the institution of slavery
in the South, and the South comes forward and
offers, as a condition of the acknowledgment of
their independence, to abolish slavery. England
and France will upon the application of the South
admit the independence oftho South in order that
slavery may be abolished. Hut if this Congress
comes jip to this question as it should by passing
this resolution submitting the question to the peo-
ple, and the people ndopt it, Europe will see at
once that the Government intends in good faith
to carry out the proclamation of the President
declaring thatthese negroes shall be forever free,
and that this shall be a republican form of gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, we do not claim in Kentucky that
the salvation of this country or this Union de-
pends upon the continuance of slavery. Nor has
any Union man in the South claimed, as an es-
sential element of the restoration of this Union,
that slavery should be sustained. The State of
Kentucky for a long time said, give us a Govern-
ment with or without slavery, but now the time
has come when the people should have it without
slavery. And no voteof mine, no action of mine
shall ever, under any circumstances, look toward
anything else than the utter, absolute, uncondi-
tional abolition of slavery in the United States.
Sir, men talk about revolution and about the
right of individual States to oppose the general
laws of this nation. That individual opposition
to national laws has brought us to our present
position, and 1 say to gentlemen upon the other
side of the House that if this amendment becomes
the law of the Government of the United States
thepeopleof this country will maintain it. There
are loyal men enough in the country to maintain
the Government. There are loyal men enough in
this country to put down the rebellion. There
are loyal men enough in the country to bring
back these seceded States into the Union, and
establish over them law and order as they once
had it. There are loyal men enough in this coun-
try to put down all insurrection and rebellion in the
North; and gentlemen had better be careful how
they speak and how they instigate insurrection
and rebellion in the North. Men riiay court for-
eign intervention as much as they please, and ask
France and England to interfere; they may point
to the intervention in Mexico by Napoleon; but
in my judgment, it is the conviction of my hearty
there are men enough in the United States of
America, not only to whip the rebels, but to whip
all the insmrectionists North, and to defeat every
European Power that may attempt to interfere ie-
tweenus and our republican institutions. We were
born of a power greater than man. Our liberties,
our Union, our greatness, and our glory emanated
from and have been conducted by the Ruler of
nations as well as the Ruler of men. We have
progressed wonderfully, rapidly, beyond the ex-
pectations of all men and of all nations. We
have been able to throw into the field not only a
million men, but two million men, and in every
town, in every city, in every county,as you walk
the streets and highways, nobody is missed,
scarcely any one is found frdm home. Let the
tocsin of war but sound to-day; let it he known
that England has recognized the independence of
the southern confederacy, and that France coop-
erates with her, and a million men will spring to
arms in the United States, and say, " Como on,
England and France, and damned belie who first
cries Hold, enough 1" [Applause in the gallery.]
Now, Mr. Speaker,! have never had since this
rebellion began the slightest fear that it would not
be put down. We never knew but one country.
Slavery in the South has kept us back. Slavery
in Kentucky has kept us back. Ohio, a younger
State, admitted into the Union long after we were,
has outstripped us vastly; her railroads running
m every direction; hei'ivmnufactures springing up
in every neighborhood; her turnpikes in every
community; her towns and cities dotting the land
all over. And so with every Stnte North. How
is it with Kentucky? With a richer soil than
almost any of them; with a finer climate than al-
most any State in thoUmon; with more resources
than any State in thcUnion; more coal, iron, cop-
per, lead, salt, and limber than any other State in
the Union; her coal and minerals remain bedded
in her mountains; her timber stands on her hills
and valleys; her plains uncultivated; no manufac-
tures; 110 steam is heard or seen in any portion of
her country; the hum of wheels is nowhere heard,
but her people move along at a slow pace because
alone of the institution of slavery. The time has
come, and 1 thank God lor it, when we will wipe
that institution out, and Kentucky will stand
among the proudest of the States of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, in the adoption ofthis amendment
we do not throw upon the Government and upon
the community a people, as has been represented
by the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood,] powerless, illiterate, inhuman,
and unkind m their disposition. They are. a good
people; they arc an affectionate people; tliey arc
an industrious people when properly treated. But
there is one idea m this whole system which has
kept back the people of the whole South, and that
is that one man, and one man alone, has held a
whole county, almost—three, four, and five thou-
sand acres of land—and worked it for his indi-
vidual benefit with five hundred men; whereas if
those five hundred men were free there would be
five hundred tenements on the same property, and
prosperity and advancement would be ill propor-
tion to the interest felt and realized in the com-
munity. All the northern or free States fully
exemplify this truth. The States of the North
have outstripped us in States South in manufac-
tures, in machinery, in inventions, in schools,
churches, and all that tends to make a nation great
and good and powerful. Her people to-day are
well fed, well clad, and prosperous; her churches
attended, her schools filled, and all happy and
progressive; while the South, filled with slaves, is
naked, starved, and begging intervention on the
grounds of humanity and benevolence. Sir, it is
slavery, slavery, which keeps the South down,
unprosperous, and undeveloped.
It has often been argued that white laborers
cannot make cotton in the South; that the negro
alone can make it; that God intended the negro
for a condition of slavery, and fitted the South
with a peculiar soil and a peculiar climate adapted
to the negro laborer. Sir, it is not true. The
most productive lands throughout the South are
lands cultivated by white men in farms of fifty,
forty, or thirty acres. The negro makes cotton,
to be sure, but he wastes it. The white man
makes it on small plantations, but in proportion
to the land worked he produces a great deal more
cotton than the negro does. It is said that the
white man cannot live there. How does the mil-
lionaire who owns five thousand acres of land
and five hundred negroes live there? How do his
children and his friends live there? How do the
eight million white people in the South live there?
And how is it that the men of the South are such
strong, stalwart, brave men as they have proved
themselves to be sincc this war began ? Sir, it is
idle nonsense. Wherever in this broad country
of ours there is land to be cultivated, there tho
white man can live, there the white man should
live, and there the white man will live hereafter.
I know that it is pleasant for a man to have a
negro to work for him, to have a negro catch his
horse and black his boots for him. No one en-
joyed that more than I. But I have come to the
lealization of the great truth laid down in the
good book, that by the sweat of man's brow
shall he eat bread, and I have come to the con-
clusion that it is the best way for a man to fatten.
I have increased, since the war began, in flesh and
in wisdom.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that many on the other
side will die hard; that when they yield it will be
with bitterness in their hearts. But they must
yield, and that very soon. My colleague from
tho Ashland district [Mr. Clay] said the other
day that the negro property in the State of Ken-
tucky was worth §150,000,000 before the war be-
gan; and the tenor of his speech was that the anti-
slavery action of the Government was directed
against the interests of Kentucky. That State
has only some twenty-five or twenty-six thousand
negroes in theArmy; my colleaguehas butfifteen
or twenty. And what is the object of the oppo-
sition to this bill ? It is to tie down the Common-
wraith of Kentucky to the institution of slavery,
with the hope that the young negroes may be
more valuable after a while than the old ones weie
when the war began. The whole contest in the
State of Kentucky to-day is over negroes. And
if every negro were taken from the Commonwealth
of Kentucky there would not be m thirty days a
man in that State to raiso his voico against tho
Government.
Now, why do I approve of this amendment of
the Constitution ? Why do I advocate it? Why
do [ make those declaratfons? It is because I
want peace in the State of Kentucky; because I
want the people of that State united; because I
want the people of the country united. I know
that the war began on the subject of slavery.
The speeches in Congress indicated that. Mr.
Davis himself declared it. The southern con-
federacy has so acted, and has so conducted all
its correspondence and all its warfare, as to con-
vince the world that the perpetuation of slavery
was itsieadingobject. Theenhstmentof negroes
in the rebel armies has been opposed on the ground
that the confederacy seceded from the United States
in order to maintain the institution of slavery, if
that were, and is to-day, the prime moving cause of
the rebellion, I ask, in thenameof common sense
why, if you love your country,if you think that
a white man is as good as a negro, is entitled to as
many privileges as a negro, arid if you think that
this should be a Government, not of black men but of
white men, you will not abolish slavery ? Give the
negroes their fieedom and let them go where they
please.
It is a question in Kentucky what shall be done
with the negroes after they are made free. I know
not what others may think of it, but my idea is,
from the present condition of our military affairs,
from the present status of things, that the rebel-
lion is almost over; that there will be but few
other hard battles fought, and that peace wilt soon
be reestablished. When it is, then, with one
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand negro
soldiers we can march down by the southern
coast into Mexico and say to Napoleon, "Leave
this territory!" We will drive out the French
and give that country to the cause of freedom and
