1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
pose of this act. lean tell him. To-day, in the
forefront of your Army, are hundreds and thou-
sands of colored men risking everything for the
salvatipn of this Republic. Upon the fields once
cursed by slavery, resounding with the clank of
the slave's chains and the crack of the over-
seer's whip, now tread the colored soldiers of the
Republic, under the ensign of the nation, strik-
ing sturdy blows for freedom and free govern-
m And, sir, this Republic cannotafford to disgrace
itself in the eyes of the civilized world by send-
ing these men out to fight its battles and chaining
at home their wives and children in that bondage
which is worse than death. It would be a dis-
grace never to be wiped from the face of this na-
tion if we should permit this wrong to continue
beyond .the present time, when to us is afforded
an opportunity to stop it at once and forever. It
is a'duty which we owe not only to these men
■who are fighting our battles, but it is a duty we
owe, under the powers which we possess, to the
great and eternal principles of God's justice, to
see that a full meed of equity and right is meted
out to these men who are risking all foroursakes*
and for the sake of this nation. It is no time to
talk about this " property tenure," which, I in-
sist has not been recognized by the Congress of
the United States and cannot be recognized by the
people of the United States. States have acted on
this property basis in regard to these people,
but we, acting for the nation, must treat them as
persons; they are a part of our population. We
are in time of war, with supreme power to deal
with the people of this nation in such manneras
to render our population most effective in the ser-
vice of the nation in passing through this great
trial of the rebellion.
If, sir, we can strengthen the hearts and arms
of these soldiers of the Republic by causing to be
conveyed to them the joyous intelligence that
their wives and little ones at home are free, and
no longer subject to the cruelty of unfeeling mas-
ters, we shall not only be doing our duty to them
and to our God, but exercising the power resting
with us as the Representatives of the people in
determining measures to render our population
most effective in carrying us successfully through
the present trial by battle. We are not bound up
by any11 property tenure.3i We do not deal with
these people upon any such basis. We deal with
them as a part of the people of the United States.
We have a right to determine, in providing for the
general welfare, whether these people, as a free
people, shall aid us in maintaining the sovereignty
of the Government or not, and it is upon this broad
basis that 1 place the right and power of Congress
to declare that the wives and children of these
brave men who are fighting the battles of those
who have so long oppressed them, shall be free.
On this very day many colored soldiers may be
yielding up their lives amid the din and smoke
of battle to restore the authority of this nation
throughout all its borders. Let us not determine
by a refusal to pass this bill that the wives and
children shall survive them as slaves.
I do not believe, sir, that it is necessary for me
to urge these considerations upon the House. I
present tins bill as a report from the Judiciary
Committee, affording this House an opportunity
of doing an actofjustice which we have too long
withheld. I now demand the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question to enable me to make
a statement.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I do not in-
tend to reply to all the declamation of the gentle-
man from Iowa, because I do nor think it needs a
reply. But I wish to ask the House whether it
proposes to pass thismeasuie now. The Statcsare
acting on the constitutional amendment proposed
by the Congress of the United States, if that
amendment shall be ratified, slavery is abolished
throughout the United States, swept overboard
everywhere, as the gentleman from Iowa will
admit. If that amendment be not ratified by the
Statf-s, the Piesident's proclamation, he contends,
frees every slave ni the rebel States—and the gen-
tleman adfln'syod his remaiks particularly to the
slave population in the rebel States. In view of
tin f.id s\ ijir.ii 1 have mi tiimm'd, why prt-aa thU
upon lis*.* Houser { cannot perceive the
necessity or reason for it, even from the gentle-
man's stand-point.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I am not sur-
prised that the gentleman from Kentucky cannot
see this matter in the light that i do. He has
been too long connected with that system of
slavery for him to view this question as I do.
But the gentleman must know, as we all know,
that at the best that constitutional amendment
will not be ratified by three fourths of the States
for probably two years to come. And, sir91 do
not wish, during that time, to have the bondage
of these women and children resting upon me. I
do not wish to be held, as a Representative of a
portion of the American people, responsible for
the continuance of this great wrong. I now re-
new the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the bill be post-
poned indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. The motion for the previous
question takes precedence of that.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
bill be laid on the table;and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 77, not voting 39; as
follows:
VEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, Chanler, Clay, Ooffroth, Cox,
Cravens, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Denisoii, Eden,
Edgerton, Eldrulge, English, Fmck, (ianson, Gnder, Hall,
Harding. Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Har-
ris, Herrick, Kalbfleiscb, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, Mallory, McBnde, MeKmney, Wi'ham
H. Miller, James 11. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
OdeiJ, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, James S. Rollins, Ross, r*mith,
Smithers, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Sules,
Sirouso, Stuart, Sweat, Townaeud, "Voorhee*, Wads-
worth, Webster, Whaley, Winfieid, Fernando Wood, and
Yeaman—66.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Raily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaunin, Blame,
Blow," Boutweil, Boyd, Broomali, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggd, JDumont, Eckley, Eiiot, Garfield, Gooeh, Grinnell,
Hale, Higby, Hooper, Agahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Huiburd, lnger&oll, Jenckes, Kasson, KeNny, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Mar-
vin, MeCIurg, Samuel P. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill. Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, Alexander U. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rol-
lins, Sehenck,SeofieJd, Shannon, Slortn, Stevens, Thayer,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, "Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
Worthington—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J.Allen, Alley, Blair, ;
Brandegee, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Free-
man Clarke, Creswell, Demmg, Farnswortb, Frank, Gris-
wold, Holman, Hotchkiss, Hutchms, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, King, Marcy,
McAllister, McDowell,Mclndoe, Middleton, John O^eill,
Robinson, Rogers, Scott, Spalding, Starr, Thomas, Ward,
Wliepler, Chilton A. White, Joseph VV. White, YViiidom,
Benjamin Wood, and Woodbndge—39.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GOOCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Alley, was detained from the House in conse-
quence of the injury which he sustained some
days ago.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The ydKgmd nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 63, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, B.uly, John V. Baldwin, Baxter, Br-arnan, Blaine,
Blow. Boutwell, Boyd, Broom.tll, Ambrose VV. Ulark, Cobb,
Cole, Davves, Oi.vm, Donnelly. Driggs, Dmnont, I'.' klry,
Eliot, Garfield, Gooch, GrmneJI, Higtiy, Hooper, A-abel VV.
ilubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Inyer-oll, Jencke*,
'Kasson, Kelley, Orlando Kellogi;, Knox, Cittlejolui, Loan,
i Longyear, Marvin,MeClnr^, Samuel F. Miller, Moorbead,
! Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers Leonard Myer.-, Nor-
! ton, Charles O'Neill, Orlll, Perham, 1'lke, I'omcroy, Price,
; Alexander IF. Rice, John H. iliee, Edvvaid U. Rollins,
' Sehenek, Srofield, .Shannon, Sloan, Steven*, Tinner,
Tr.ic>tip-on. Van Valkeitbilrjill, Klfhu IS. W,e,hbuine,
: William B. YVa-liburii, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
Wor'liili^toi!—14.
: N'AVS—Wew-\ Jauie.H C Allen, Aneona. Ati^u-lsi- O.
i Baldwin, BIixp, Brooks, Chanler, Clay, Cort'rotli, Cox, Cra-
vens, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison, Eden, F.djrer-
ton, Glitrtdge, Finck, Gitrison, tiridrr, Gri-wold, Hale, Hall,
Hardin!!, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, flerrick, Kalb-
tleisoh,"Kernan, Knapp, Law, Le lllond, Long, Mallory,
McBnde, McKiimry, William II. Miller, Jame  R. Mor-is,
Morrison, Nelson, N'oble, Odell, I'emilotoii, I'erry, Prn/n,
liadlord, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Itoss,
Smith, timbers, J0U11 B. .Steele, VVilliumG. Hieeio, wtilea,
Stroiise, Stuart, Sweat, TovYti-<end. Voorhees, Wad>worUi,
Whaley, WiufieJd, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Yearn an—
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, ntalr,
Brandegee, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Free-
man Clarke, Creiwell, Thomas T. Davis, Iteming, English,
Farnsivortli, Frank, Benjamin G. Harris, Ilolmun, Hotch-
kiss, llutclitns, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian,
Francis VV. Kellogg, Kin«, Lazear, Marcy, McAllister,
McDowell, Mclndoe, Middleton, John O'Neill, 1'atter-son,
Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Scott, Spalding, Starr,
Thomas, Ward, Webber, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. Wlnie, VVindom, and VVoodbridge—15.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hicket,
its Clerk, informed the Housfe that the Senate had
disagreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish
a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs; that the Senate
still insist upon their amendments, which had
been disagreed to by the House, and ask for a
second committee of conference; and that Messrs.
Wilson, Harlan, and Willet, had been ap-
pointed for that purpose upon the part of the
Senate. freedmen's BCREATT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the mes-
sage from the Senate asking for a second commit-
tee ofconference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 51) to es-
tablish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the House still
insist upon its disagreement to the amendments
proposed by the Senate, and consent to another
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Schencx,
Mr. Bootwell, and Mr. Rollins of Missouri,
were appointed on the part of the House.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
Mr. WILSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back Senate bill
No. 37, entitled "An act to prevent officers of the
Army and Navy and other persons engaged in
the military or naval service of the United States
from interfering in elections in the States," with
the recommendation that the bill be passed.
The bill was read at length, for information.
Mr. WILSON. I call the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. SLOAN moved to lay the bill on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read a third time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SLOAN moved to lay the bill on the table.
Upon that motion the House divided; and there
were—ayes 16, noes 96.
Mr. SLOAN called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the bill on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question was ordered. .
The question was upon the passage of the bill. *
Mr.SLOAN called for the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
'j the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 18, not voting 51;
as follows: A
lj James c. Allen, Ames, Anenna, Ander-
} son, Arnold, Bally, ,Ati^fi-tfi> C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blame,
; Blivs, Blow, Bonlwel!, Brooks Bmomall. Chanler, Arn-
1 bro--e W Clark. Clay, CoftVoth, Cox, Craven^, Dawes, 0aw-
| son. Detii-ou, Doom lly, IJinnont, iCcUley, Eden, Cdgerton,
. Kldrldse. Eliot, Ktiitli-li, Kmek. Carisoit, Gooeh, Orider,
IJmniell. {JriMvold. Hale, Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Har-
ris < 'li.oh - M, II uri-, IJi rriek, iiifihj, Hobnail, Hooper,
, Asatiel VV. Hubbard, John fi. Hubbard. Hulburd, Iri "■
