238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
man who would look alone to himself and for him-
self. We should follow the great and glorious ex-
ample of our forefathers. They looked notalone
to the present. They looked not to the morrow.
No, sir, they cast their eyes far into the future,
and they saw hundreds and millions of people
occupying the country for which they fought.
Therefore they were stimulated to make more sac-
rifices, to lose more lives, and spend more money
in order to make them a free and independent na-
tion. Shall we not lay aside these momentary
feelings? Shall we not forget momentary luxu-
ries? Shall we not look forward one hundred and
fifty years and see millions of freemen, men who
know no masters, and one free country, stretching
from the Atlantic to the Pacific under one Con-
stitution, with the one motto of Union and liberty
forever?
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, when we left these
Halls last year there was a prospect that the ad-
ministration of the Government would have been
changed by the election. The political conven-
tions of the two parties met. The party of the
Administration made this amendment of the Con-
stitution a part of theircreed. They wentbefore
the people claiming the power to abolish slavery
by constitutional amendment. Nowhere did the
opposite party take ground against the power;
everywhere they took ground against its exercise.
The convention which met at Chicago adopted
their creed. It called for a cessation of hostilities,
with but one view, a national convention, in or-
der to reestablish union. Not giving up the prin-
ciples laid down in the Kentucky and Virginia
resolutions of 1798and 1799, when moved by my
colleague [Mr. Long] in the convention, which,
rightly considered, constituted a main foundation
of its political creed, it laid them on the table on
my own motion, as abstractions unsuited to the
demands of the agonized country. Regarding
peace us the great practical need of the hour, the
convention waived all other questions to reach that.
How? By the Constitution, in its fifth article,
which provides that a national convention shall be
called for proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion. This proposition of the convention was at
onceour weakness and our strength: ourweaknexs
when misunderstood by the people, our strength
when rightly interpreted. My colleague [Mr.
Pendleton] accepted that platform, in casting
my vote for him,'I knew that he indorsed it. He
indorses it yet. if he had been electcd to that office,
which he would have graced so well, we might
to-day have been appealing to Legislatures, North
and South, and not m vain to two thirds of them,
to call the convention at the will of the people.
The North would have yielded and the South
would not have held back. That my colleague
and myself well know. In that august assembly
the distinguished men from both sections would
have been present. What would have been the
scope of their action ? What the subject of their
debutes? Need I ask? It would have been the
eettfement of all grievances, North and South;
questions ofdebt, doubtless; questions ofguaran tee
to State and municipal rights, doubtless; but be-
yond doubt, this vexata questio of slavery, thus
leterrima causa belli, and the agitations and legis-
lation growing therefrom.
Mr. Speaker, I read this morning, with what
truth I know not, that a commissioner is now in
Richmond with the confidence and assent of the
Administration, meeting, pei haps, a commissioner
on the partofthe confederate authorities; and the
rumor is that they have agreed to call a national
convention. [Sensation.] 1 know not whether
there is anything in it. My friend from New
York whositsbehind me [Mr. Ferntvndo Wood]
says that there is not, and he is presumed to know
more on that subject than I do. [Laughter.]
if, in the providence of God, such a convention
were called or were now in session, nnd this ques-
tion came up in a full representation of all the
States, who would think of disputing its power
to modify, change, alter, and abolish, either at
once or gradually, by constitutional amendment,
the institution of slavery? Not a man. While,
therefoie, in a state of war, and with nearly half
the States in default and absent, 1 may deny the
wisdom of "acting either by the one mode or the
• other, pointed out for the amendment of the
Constitution in this particular—I will not deny
u power so essential to peace, safety, and sover-
eignty. No ingenious refinement or dazzling elo-
quence shall lead me to deny a power which may
yet prove our salvation, when wisely used. Who
upon this side asks me to shut the door in the
face of such a saving power? Let him rerft'ember
that while the power may now threaten to de-
stroy, the power to save is forever bound up with
it. The power that can create, the same can de-
stroy. Under the ribs of death at the last mo-
ment this power may be invoked to create the
heart and soul of union, and that, too, by the array
of States in their sovereign capacity, as modified
by their granted powers.
Do you tell me that such sovereignty can only
guaranty, but cannot destroy property, either in
man or beast, in land or house? If a convention of
States can take jurisdiction to protect property
they can to destroy. It is admitted that the States
individually can do this. If by the Constitution
they as States, all consenting to it, have provided
a mode of doing it, what matteis it whether it is
done by them in their individual capacity or in
their conventional capacity? Whenever two thirds
agree to propose amendments and three fourths
shall ratify, either by convention or Legislature,
the proposition is " a part of this Constitution."
It is the States that do this in the first instance, all
according«in making the amending clause; again
by their convention in proposing; and again by
ratifying. Therefore I join my colleague in sing-
ing hosanna to that principle of our government
just denounced by the gentleman fiom Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] as so nefarious—the sovereignty of
the States, i see hero not one monster iron crown,
like that of Lombardy, compelling, as from an
omnipotent scepter, the subject States, but each
of the States making for themselves a fundamental
law or organic compact.
Even by this amendatory clause they pluck
from their u round of sovereignty " each a crown
jewel to form and decorate the Federal diadem.
Each of the States, sovereign m their reserved
spheres, drop their scepters before the Federal
emblem, in all cases where, as in amendments,
the Constitution is declared the " supreme law of
theland."
Toll me not that this power is dangerous when
left unlimited in the Federal head. All power is
dangerous. It tends to abuse. This is no argu-
ment against its existence, only against iis exer-
cise. My colleague [Mr. C. A. White] holds
that the States can make him—now a free white
man—a slave by local law. Is there a moie dan-
gerous power when exercised? It is woise than
the power to create or destroy property. But he
admits the power if its place of lodgment is only
local. If, then, the States can do this by local
law, can they not do it in any other way they
choose ? They can by the same power make him
again a freeman. Nay, more; there may be pos-
sibly a greater guarantee m an enlightened land
against his being made a slave by the votes of the
States, all convoked in the mode prescribed by the
Constitution, than in the separate action of the
States unassisted in their organic work by the
prudence of their brother States.
My colleague [Mr. C. A. White] says the
States are unlimited and absolute m their sover-
eignty, and therefore the Federal Government is
not sovereign. 1 ask him to beware where this
doctrine'leads. But may not the States in their
unlimited and sovereign convention, deriving their
powers from the original consent of alt, give up
portions of their soveieignty, modify it, as Mr.
Calhoun holds, by the amendatory clause? May
they not thus speak the most potential voice of
the people of the States in all alFairs? It is the
people of all the States who consent to amending
the Constitution, and by a mode which allows
two thirds of both Houses to propose the amend-
ment, which is to be sent to the Legislatures for
the ratification of three fourths. First and last
and all the time, the States are the constituents of
the Federal Government, and as such, and by
their State action, they can create and they de-
stroy. I am of the State-rights school so far as
(his question is concerned, and of the strictest
S~Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio to the
language of James Madison in the Federalist:
" That wefu.1 alterations will be suggested by experience,
could not be but foreseen. U was. requisite, then-lore,'that j
a mode tor introducing them should bo provided. The mode j
piet'oired by the Convention seems to be stamped with every j
mark of piopnety, it guard* equally againsttliat extreme I
facility which would render the Constitution too mutable,
and that extreme difficulty which might perpetuate itsdis-
covercd laults. It moreover equally enables the General
and the State governments to originate tue amendment of
errors as they may be pointed out by the experience on one
side or on the other."
Again, sir, Hamilton says:
" For my own part, I acknowledge a thorough conviction
that any amendments which may, upon mature considera-
tion, be thought useful, willbc applicable to the organization
of the Government, not to the mass oj its powers ; and on
this account alone 1 think there is no weight in the ob-
servation just stated."
Mr. COX. The only comment I make upon
the quotations of the gentleman from New York
is this: Madison in the Convention opposed and
voted against the proposition of Roger Sherman
to except all internal police of the States from the
amendments of the Constitution. The quotation
is in harmony with lna vote. For ho only holds,
as Judge Story holds, that the mode of amendment
sufficiently guards the Constitution against mu-
tability; and that the "amendment of errors"
cannot be made without the concurrence of Fed-
eral and State governments, in Congress and in
State Legislatures. He did not expect that fun-
damental changes would be made—only "altera-
tions;" but he does not deny that there is any
limit to the power. This is no authoiity against
the power, but an argument for it. Mr. Madi-
son holds to the power because he believes it can-
not be abused, owing to the restraints placed by
the Convention upon Us exercise. Further, I
know, from having read the private correspond-
ence of Mr. Madison, published in this city by
Mr. McGuire for private distribution, that he al-
ways held to the idea that the only mode by which
a dissolution of the Union or a secession of the
States could ever be legally accomplished was by
this organic and all-powerful clause of amend-
ment. He laid it down so broadly that it would
even cover the remark I made the other day, con-
sidered so extravagant, that we might by the fiat
of the States even build a monarchy upon the
ruins of republicanism.
As to the quotation from Mr. Hamilton, I do not
see its application. 1 am not prepared, without
readingitcarefully, to makea fitting comment. It
strikes me that it does not limit the power of amend-
ment. It is rather the expiession of a strong con-
viction that all amendments will be and ought to bo
applied to " the organization of the Government,
not to the mass of its powers,"and that none
others would be useful. I quite agree with the
opinion. Now, with all respect, I appeal to my
fiiend from New York, who belongs to the strict
State-rights school of politics, and even stands so
perpendicularly that many people believe that he
leans backward, to consider the view of Mr. Cal-
houn upon this subject. I am sorry my friend
fiom Connecticut, [Mr. Dimming,] who has the
volume, has not brought it hete this moi ning. The
quotation will be found in his sixth volume,page
36. In 1828 the South Carolina Legislatui e asked
the opinion of Mr. Calhoun upon this and kindred
subjects. In that declaration of political power,
diawn up for his State, he teaches that the people
of that State by adopting the Federal Constitution
had modified its original light of sovereignty,
and that by its consent in becoming a member
of the Union, that power had been placed in the
hands of three fourths of the States,in whom,he
said, the highest power known to the Constitu-
tion exists. I do notgive the quotation with that
length and that emphasis which belong to it, but
I will insert it in my remarks for the edification
of my friend, who is a most earnest disciple of
John C. Calhoun:
" In oider to have a full and clear conception of our in-
stitutions it will he pioper to remark that theie is, in our
extern, a striking contract between government and sov-
eieignty. The separate governments, of ihesftvmil States
are vested in their legislative, executive, and judicial de-
p.uiinents, while the sovereignty iodides in the people of
the s-everal State-* who eu-.ttod it; nut by an expietj pro-
Vision oi' the Constitution it may be amended or changed
by tlnee ibuuh* oi the States, and thus each Slate, by as-
senting to tin; Confutation vwth tins piovi^ion, hu> modi-
fied its original ugh: a- a .soveiemn, of making its individual
consent ncees-saiy to any change in it^ political condition ;
and by becoming a nin.iber oi tins Union has placed till*
impoitant power m the hands or' ilnee fourth t> oi the States,
in whom the highest power known to the Constitution re-
sides."
This extract is only strengthened by the con-
text. I call on my friends of the State-rights
school not to outdo their master, but if they would
save the most valuable and most abused principle
