1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Jenckes, Kaibfleisch, Kasson, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Le
Blond, LittU'john, Long, Longyear, Mailory, Marvin, Mc-
Bride, McKinney, Samuel F. Miller, William H. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, JainesR. Morris, Morrison,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,Nelson, Noble, Odell,Charles
O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Perhatn, Perry, Pomeroy,
Price, i'ruyti, lladiord, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Ross, Scofield,
Smith, John B.Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse,
Smart, Sweat, Thayer, Townsend, Tracy, Van Vaiken-
burgli, Voorhees, Wads-worth, Eiiliu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilson,
Winfleld, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman
—113.
NAYS — Messrs. Ashley, Beaman, Boyd, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Garfield, Kelley,
Knox, John H. Rice, Shannon, Sloan, Simthers, Stevens,
Upson, Wilder, and Worthington—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Alli-
son, John D. Baldwin, Blair, Brandegee, James S. Brown,
William <J. Blown, Freeman Clarke, Creswell, Deming,
Dixon, Driggs, Farnsworth, Frank, Harrington, Hotchkiss,
Hutchms, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, King, Lazear, Loan,
Marcy, McAllister, McClurg, McDowell, Mclndoe, Mid-
dleton, Morrill, Norton, John O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Robin-
son, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Scott, Spalding,
Starr, Thomas, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. Wlme, Joseph
W. White, Wmdom, and Benjamin Wood—51.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ECKLEY said: My colleague, Mr. Spal-
ding, is detained from his seat to-day by indis-
position.
The result of the vote was announced as above.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. "WILSON. I ask that unanimous con-
sent be given to take from the Speaker's table
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 640)
entitled "An act to provide for a district ami a
circuitcourt of the United States for the district of
Nevada, and for other purposes." 1 desire that
we may non-concur in a portion of those amend-
ments, and ask a committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that the proposition
will be extended, and that the House will con-
sent to take all the Senate bills from the Speaker's
table and refer them.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary are en titled to the floor until they complete
their business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest that that be
done by general consent.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to taking
from the Speaker's table Senate amendments to
House bill No. 640?
There was no objection.
The first amendment of the Senate was to strike
out in the fifth line of the fourth section the words
"which are possessed by them" and insert in
lieu thereof the words " which are vested in said
court and said judge."
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
strike out sections six, seven, eight,and nine, and
insert a substitute.
Mr. TODD. I desire to move an amendment
providing that the salaries of the judges in the
Territories of Colarado and Dakota shall be in-
creased to $2,500.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that that amendment with regard to a territorial
court would not be in order, as this bill relates
to district and circuit courts in the State of Ne-
vada.
Mr. WILSON. I call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that the House con-
cur.
Mr. WILSON. The provisions inserted by
the Senate are in the nature of a substitute for the
House bill. To the first amendment, in which
the House has just concurred, the Committee on
the Judiciary have no objections; buttlie portion
of the bill which the Senate has stricken out em-
braces provisions relating to the clerks in Oregon
and California, which, we think, if preserved in
the form in which they were passed by the House,
would save to the Government $6,000 a year. We
therefore desire a committee of conference, in or-
der that, if possible, the matter may be arranged,
and that we may save that amount to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman explain
how that amount is to be saved?
Mr. WILSON. The bill as passed by the
House provided that the clerk of the circuit court
should act as clerk of the district court, and ap-
plied to him the same limitations that apply to all
other clerks. His salary is limited to $6,000. If
there were two clerks, the pay of the two would
be $12,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House bill gave him
double the usual fees, while the Senate bill gives
him the usual fees.
Mr. WILSON. It limits the amount to $6,000.
Although the fees may be doubled, as is the case
in California, yet they cannot in the aggregate get
more than $6,000. Tiie two clerks, under the law
as it now stands, can receive $6,000 each.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion to
concur.
The amendments were non-concurred in, and
a conference was asked on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committtee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 80, to
divide the State of Pennsylvania into three judi-
cial districts, and to establish a district court to
be holden in the city of Erie, with a substitute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this simply increase
the terms of the courts?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Itauthorizes the same court
to hold one more term. There is no increase of
pay.
The substitute was adopted. The bill as
amended was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMSmovedto reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS IN NEWtYORK.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to take up and
concur in the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 184, to facilitate proceedings in admiralty
and other judicial proceedings in the port of New
York, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which thg amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No.579, pro-
viding for the forfeiture of the fee of rebel land-
holders; and demanded the previous question on
its passage.
It provides that so much of a joint resolution
explanatory of an act to suppress insurrection,
&c., approved July 17,1862, as prohibits the for-
feiture of the real estate of rebels beyond their
natural lives be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. WORTHINGTON demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. COX. Has not this bill been disposed of
during the present Congress?
The SPEAKER. This bill certainly has not.
Mr. NOBLE. I rise to a question of order.
The same provision has passed in the freedmen's
bill.
The SPEAKER. It was incidental to that bill,
and does not preclude this committee, which has
had the subject solely under consideration, from
reporting on it.
Mr. WORTHINGTON withdrew the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PENDLETON renewed it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
scind, for this day only, the order of the House fix
ing the adjournment at half-past five o'clock, p. m.
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas and nays, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered. *
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at quarter-past five o'clock p. in.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 23, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr, FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of profess-
ors of mathematics in the Navy, praying to be
placed on an equality with surgeons of the Navy
in regard to pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S>.
No. 445) making a gran* of alternate sections of
public lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the-
construction of a ship-canal to connect Lake Su-
perior with Portage lake in the upper peninsula
of said State, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred a petition ofchap-
lains in the Navy, praying to be allowed the pay
of line officers with whom they rank, and a peti-
tion of chaplains in the Navy, praying for an in-
crease of compensation, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 121) to purchase pouches or boxes of Mar-
shall Smith's patent for the postal service, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred petitions of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor at the mouth
of the Manitowoc river, in that State, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration^
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 457) to change the
name of the propeller F. W. Backus to Meta-
comet, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 435)^0 amend an act
entitled "An act in addition to the several acts
concerning commercial intercourse between loyal
and insurrectionary States, and to provide for the
collection of captured and abandoned property,
and the prevention of frauds in States declared in
insurrection," approved July 2, 1864, reported it
without amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred messages
of the President of the United States relating to
international exhibitions to be held in Bergen, in
Norway, and Oporto, in Portugal, during the
coming summer, reported a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 122) relating to international exhibitions
at Bergen, in Norway, and Opoj-to, in Portugal,
during the summer of 1865; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SUMNER asked for its present consider-
ation, but Mr. TRUMBULL objecting, the reso-
lution was laid over under the rules.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) defining the
meaning of the law in regard to officers'servants,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Territories, to wiiom was referred the bill (S.
No. 360) to enable the people of Colorado to form
a constitution and State government and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, reported it
with an amendment; and he asked for its present
consideration, but Mr. Sumner objecting, it was
laid over.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print
one thousand additional copies of the report of
the Joint Committee on the Library in regard to
the burning of the Smithsonian Institution, live
hundred of which to be for the use of the Institu-
tion, reported in favor of the motion, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
