1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2%
Lands, to whom were referred the following bills,
repoited tliem severally without amendments,
stid that thuy oiurht not to pass:
A bill (S. No. 239) to grant aid for the construc-
tion of certain railroads m the Stateof Minnesota;
A bili (S. No. 309) for the relief of the occu-
pants of the lands of the mission of San Jose, in
the State of California; and
A bill (H. H. No. 710) to extend the time for
the completion of certain railroads to which land
grants have b'een mad6 in the States of Michigan
and Wisconsin; another bill on the same subject
haying been reported.
Mr. FOOT, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration:
A bill (S. No. 263) to grant one million acres
of public lands for the benefit of public schools
in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 431) to amend an act entitled
"Ail act for a grautof lands to the State of Kan-
sas, m alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads and telegraphs m said
State;"
A bill (S. No. 433) to extend the homestead
act of May 20, 1862, to settlers on land reserved
for railroad purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 436) making a gjant of lands to
the Territories of Dakota, Montana, and Idaho,
in alternate sectons, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said Territories, to connect
with the railroad system of Minnesotaand Iowa.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a resolution of the Senate instruct-
ing the committee to inquire into the expediency
of extending the provisions of the bill granting
swamp and overflowed lands to certain States to
overflowed lauds in the State of Kansas; a letter
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to the chairman of the committee on Public Lands,
recommending selections of the public lands on the
Pacific slope to be reserved for the use of the
Government; resolutions of the Legislature of
Kansas in favor of a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Elwood, in that
State, to the Big Bend of the Republican river ;
resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas in favor
of the construction of a bridge across the Repub-
lican river on the Government reservation at Fort
Riley; resolutions ofthe Legislature of Michigan,
in favor of a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railioad from Lac La Belle to the Cliff
mine, thence along the mineral range to some
point on the Montreal river, in that State; reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Indiana in favor of
an extension ofthe time for the completion ofthe
Grand Rapids and Indiana railroad; resolutions of
the Legislature of Minnesota in favor ofthe location
of the North Sioux city branch of the Pacific rail-
road westward ly along the parallel of forty-two
and one half degrees of north latitude to a pomt of
junction with the main track of said road; a peti-
tion of settlers in Alameda county, California,
remonstraiingagainstagrant of the lands on which
they have their homes to the claimants of the pre-
tended San Joss mission, or to parties claiming
by purchase under them; petitions of citizens of
Michigan, praying foragrantof land to aid mthe
construction of a railroad from Lac La Belle to the
Cliff mine, thence to some point on the Montreal
river, m that State; and the memorial of Rudolph
Wieczorek, asked to bedischaiged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. COLLA.MER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill (S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws,
report in favor of concurring in the second amend-
ment and against concurring in the first, third,
fourth, and fifth amendments. I ask for action
on the reportat this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
Will be read.
Air. COLLA JIER. I hardly suppose gentle-
men wish to have a statement of the merits of
Ccioh amendment; the number of the amendments
we pi o nose to concur in and of those we propose
to non-concur in has been stated; that isenough.
The ViCL PRESIDENT. The reading of
the amendments will be dispensed with by unan-
imous consent; the Chair hears no objection.
The question is oil agi'eeing to the report, which
is that the Senate concur in the second House
amendment and non-concur in the others.
The report was agreed to.
POST OFFICE CLERKSHIPS.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House ofRepresentatives
to the bill (S. No. 389) in relation to clerkships
in the Post Office Department, report that the
Senate concur in the second and non-concur in
the first amendment.
The reading of the amendments was dispensed
with, and the report was agreed to.
AMERICAN REGISTERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 173) directing the Secretary ofthe
Treasury to issue American registers to British
schooners Minnie "Williams and E.M. Baxter,
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and as it will take buta moment to pass it
I ask unanimous consent to put it on its passage
now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue American registers to the British-built
schooners Minnie Williams and E. M. Baxter,
they being now owned by a citizen of Buffalo,
New York.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third tfme,
and passed.
LOTS IS STOCKBRIDGE, WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate postpone
all prior orders and px-oceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 558. It is one of considerable
importunes both to tlie Government and a poi-
tion of our State. My time is almost continually
occupied upon the Committee on Finance, and I
hope the Senate will indulge me to this extent
now.
The motion was agreed to,and the bill (H.R.
No. 558) to authorize the issuing of patents for
certain lands in the town of Stockbridge, State of
w isconsin, and for other purposes, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands had reported the hi si with
amendments, the first of which was to strike out
the first and second sections qf the bill, in the
following words:
Tnat, upon satisfactory proof b^in? made that any occu-
pant? of land in the town of  Su>ckbndgy, Calumet county,
in the State of Wisconsin, whi^h has, by treaty or other-
wise, been allotted to any individual member* of "the Stock-
bridge or Muusee tribe ot Indians, art: the purcha>ers,
grantees, or assignee* of >51101) inembeis of said tribes, the
President of the United States be authorized to i>-n* pat-
ents for the land so occupied to such purchaser?. ffidiitees,
or assignee*, respectively: Provided, That ui e-.'-e of con-
flicting claims to any of ihe lot- ot land the Commissioner
of the General Land Office K authorized lo hear the proofs
of the respective claimant-, and to decide which of such
claimants are justly entitled to said land, and patents bhali
be i«supd m accordance with such decision.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That patents issued ac-
cording to thisactshail vestia the patentee title to the land
described ui such patent, in fee Mmpie. Mibj"Ct to an) \alid
lien or incumbrance theieon created by said patentee or
those under whom he claims.
Mr. HOWE. Before the question is taken on
striking out I believe it will be in order to move
an amendment to one of the sections proposed to
be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the first sec-
tion by inserting the word "unpatented" before
" land" in the fourth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now I hope the Senate will not
concur in the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee. Since that report was made I have had a
conversation with the chairman, [Mr. Harlan,]
and 1 think he is now satisfied that the amend- i
ment ought not to be made. The amendment
which has been adopted at my instance was sug- I
gested to me by the Commissioner of the Gen- !
eial Land Office. The Commissioner is entirely ;
satisfied with the bill as now amended, and so 1 <
believe is the chairman of the committee. !
Mr. HARLAN. As now informed, I do not !
think the Committee on Public Lands would in- ,
sist on striking out the sections as amended. j
The amendment of the commutes was rejected, j
I The n.ext amendment of the committee wn« to
1 strike out at the end of tiic hill the words the
i residue of said lands sh'ill be brought into market
| and sold as other Government Inisilw," and in lieu
| of them to insert " the lands not sold within one
j year as hereinbefore provided, shall be biought
j into market and sold at not lews than the mtn-
' imum prices fixed by this act;" sous to make
! the third section read;
| Sec. 3. Jlnd he if further enacted, That ihe lots of land
! in butd town of t?tockl>udjje belonging to the United States,
j not hereinbefore dnected to be patented, j-hall be attached
j to and form a part of the Menasba land district, and it in
the opinion of the CoinmiM>i«>m.f of the General Land Of-
fice it t-hall be tor the public interest, the s-uim* may be told
at the minimum price of three dollar.- p,jr acre for lot* front-
ing on Lake Winnebago, five dollar* per aer«  for the two
tiers of lot-i fronting on the military load, one tier of lots
on each side thereof, and >--2 50 per am* tnr the re-idue ot'
said land to actual bettlers theieon po--e--m« the qualifi-
cations iequi>tte to acquire preemption ndu-. \t1io -.hall
piove to the s-atbfactiun ofthe regi^er ot tin: l.md utficyat
Mena<?ha, Wi-eon-in, that he or she ha-« made improve-
ments to the value ot not lo^s than fittv dollars, and l* ac-
tually residmz upon ihe land ; the tune ot p,t\ mg the pur-
chase price; may be extendi tl for a p- nod note\e«.t.duj£one
year ftom the pa>-;t e ot this net: Ptovided, That no &ue!i
actual settler <hal! be peimitted to preempt more than two
contiguous lots on which he or she hat- made nnptovemenis
of the value of not le^ than $100. The land.-* not sold
within one year, a* hereinbefore provided, i>iia!l be brought
Into market and bold at not le>s than the minimum prices
fixed by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I desire to make an in-
quiry of my colleague and my friend from Iowa,
whether under the provisions of the bill any mem-
ber of this Stockbridge tribe can have the privi-
lege of entering this land and purchasing it, the
same as other citizens. If not, ! should like to
have a provision inserted to that effect.
Mr. HARLAN. There is nothing in the bill
forbidding it, though an amendment expressly
including them could do no harm. These are
lands that have been exposed to sale at a price
above that of the public lands in the marketgen-
era!iy,and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office has no authority, under the law as it now
stands, to reofferthem. This bill is intended to
remedy that evil and place the minimum below
that sum, if in the opinion of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office the public interests
shall require it.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 471}
to incorporate the National Mississippi Bridge
Company; which was read twice by its rule, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biii (S.No.
472) to provide for the construction of certain
wagon roads in the Territories of Idaho, Mon-
tana, Dakota, and Nebraska; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the bill (S.No.
414) to authorize the construction of the North-
ern Pacific Railroad eastward to Ontonagon, in the
State of Michigan, and provide for its connection
eastward with the Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and
Canadian system of railroads, at Port Huron,
Detroit, Toledo, Fort Waym*, and Dayton, was
consider'd as in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. HARLAN. It will not bo necessary, I
think, to read the bill, as it was referred to the
Committee on Public Landa; that committee hav-
ing reported an amendment in the nature of a
substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection u> d^p-tr-tn^ with the reading of
| the original bill, and the substitute only will be
1 it-ad.
The Secretary rend the words proposed by
; the Committee on Public Lands to be inserted in
lieu of the original biii, us follows ;
That there he, and is hereby, granted to the State of
Michigan, to uid In Ui* cousuuuium oi" a uihoud ftom the
