THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1865.
New Series No. 16.
Strange that Davis should have proposed, by
amendment of the Constitution, to recognize sla-
very as property in transit or sojourn!
Rut why weary the House wuh these recitals.
They prove this, that the strictest sect of southern
statesmen acknowledged the power by amend-
ment over this subject and sought to exercisc it,
and sought further by amendment to prevent its
exercise when it might impair or destroy their in-
stitution ! Is my colleague a better State-rights
man than Jefferson Davis? Or, to drop to the other
extreme, does he, nunc pro June, join my other
colleague, [Mr. Ashley,] who then denied and yet
denies the power by amendment to establish sla-
very as unrepublican? It was with some amuse-
mentthat I listened to my two colleagues [Messrs.
Pendleton and Ashley] yesterday. Howadroitly
the Democratic member thought to catch the Re-
publican ! How he plied him to admit the power to
establish slavery! How shrewdly my colleague
over there evaded! On the other hand, members
on the other side sought to entangle my colleague
[Mr. Pendleton] with some of his former votes !
How both shirked the issues presented in their
former positions ! while the humble member who
now addresses you, sir,sat complacently consist-
ent amid the melodramatic performance, ready
to admit the power of amendment unlimited to
change the fundamental law, under the guards
and modes prescribed, even to the establishment
of slavery or a monarchy—of entire freedom or
entire democracy. Both of my friends deny this
as extreme and heterodox; the one because he
would have nothing but limited republicanism as
the form of our Government. That is my Demo-
cratic colieaguc who is so republican. The other
because he would have nothing but sweeping
democracy as the basis of ourConstitution. That
is my Republican colleague who is so democratic.
The wishes of each color their present arguments
as to the power. When slavery is to be guaran-
tied, my colleague from Cincinnati believes with
me in the power to amend, and my colleague
from Toledo denies it. When it is to beabol-*
ished my colleague from Toledo believes with
me in the power to amend, and the other denies
it. Both deny the power when slavery is to be
affected, and both admit it when slavery is to be
affected. I have them both on either sideand each
on both sides and both with me. I accept the
power in either case as they claim it, but go be-
yond them both; for I stand on a principle. They
are enamored of the power only when one case is
absent. Like the fond lover of two maidens, they
love the one " when the other dear charmer's
away." [Laughter.] Yet they are unfaithful to
both because they are so attached to either—un-
faithful because they are not upon the principle. (
can extend to them, (as a member from New York
used to say heie in olden times,) from the serene
Olympian heights of my cerulean consistency,
the eternal principle of republicanism and democ-
racy which will reconcile them both to duty and
the Constitution. [Laughter.]
Both my colleagues hold that to conccde the
power and exercise it in certain cases is to subvat
the Constitution. If slavery is to be protected,
the member from Toledo bolievesthe Government
destroyed. His only appeal is to the sword of
revolution. Never would he consent that the
power to amend should include the power to
establish slavery in Ohio; never. He would sound
the tocsin of inevitable resistance. If slavery is
to be abolished by the same power, the other mem-
ber blows the trumpet and beats the drum to rev-
olutionary defiance. Both march to the same
discordant music, when if they would take Cal-
houn , Story, or their own practice and principles,
only changing the time of their application, they
would find m the granted power to amend, an
unlimited auihoiity as to the matter and only
limited as to the mode. I follow no such coun-
sels. " You can change, but cannot subvert, by
amendment," says my friend before me. Ah!
pray who is to judge of what is subversion and
what is change? If I leave the question to my
colleagues, one will regard the guarantee and the
1G
other the abolition of slavery as subversion and
not merely change. My colleague [Mr. Pendle-
ton] derives, unconsciously, his language from
the South Carolina declaration of independence of
December 24, 1860. It says:
" Observing the forms of the Constitution, a sectional
party has foaiul vvulun that article, establishing the execu-
tive department, the means of subverting the Constitution
itself."
Again:
"The sectional combination for the subversion of the
Constitution has been aided by the elevation of the blacks."
The other member [Mr. Ashley] regards the
denial by South Carolina of President Lincoln as
the legal President as the very essence of subver-
sion, and the denial of franchise to the blacks
as subversive of republicanism. He therefore
strikes out the word white in his reconstruction
bills. Where gentlemen so eminent disagree as to
what is subversion and what is change or amend-
ment, where is the tribunal to decide? I answer,
in Congress by two thirds of both Houses and in
the States by three fourths of the Legislatuies,
and in the intelligent sovereignty of the people of
each State who have, in limine^ consented to this
mode of amendment.
Believing in the power of amendment, I am will-
ing to judge of the wisdom of the propositions
before i vote to submit them. This discretion is
a part of the discretion of the Congress. It is one
of the checks which the minority have against
the passion and malice of the majority. Nay,
more, the checks against the exercise of this power
unwisely are threefold: fust, two thirds of both
Houses must agree to propose amendments; or
second, two thuds of the Legiylatures must pro-
pose a convention; and third, after all that, the
Legislatures or conventions of three fourths of
the States must ratify. Judge Story elaborates
this argument, and makes jt unanswerable as
against the dangerous abuse of the power.
Thus restricted the power of amendment is un-
limited. No danger of monarchy; no danger of
the King of Dahomey, which startled gentlemen
when I used his majesty to illustrate my extreme
position; no danger of stuking down the repub-
lican form of government without a contest m
which the States, three out of* four, are to be
consulted for ratification, and two out of three
members of both Houses ofCongress shall inaugu-
rate the measure. Am I answered that it is un-
democratic to allow this power? 1 answer, it is
only undemocratic to disallow it. All the States
concede it, and the State-rights man is content.
All the people in the several Stales pass upon it,
and the Democrat is content. Democracy places
its trust in the intelligence of the people and the
sovereignty of the States; and thus trusting, even
in the valley of the shadow of national humilia-
tion it fears no evil.
While, then, I concede the power, do I fear that
the amendment may pass and become a law in
spite of all the guards thrown around it? 1 do
not fear any open march toward monarchy or
despotism. I fear m time of warand the passion,
ate stiile it begets that this amendment may rad-
ically change the Government; that it may by
force, fraud, by indirection, and by an unfair count
of States, be made to change our polity. Because
such amendments, interfering in home affans by
the Federal power, tend toward consolidation, I
am against them. My colleague [Mr. Pendleton]
himself will admit that an amendment may be
made even to the very system of government, legit-
imate m its operation, which may do this. You
can amend the Constitution as to the distribution
of its powers so as to place the judiciary and the
legislature in the hands of the Executive. Thu?
you compound power. When these departments
are made one—whether that one be legislative,
executive, or judicial—as they may bebyamend-
ment, it is Jeflerson's definition of tyranny. Who
will doubt the power of amendment to do this?
And yet who so base as to propose it here, or, if
proposed, to ratify it? It is by these delusive
moral radical reforms, reaching into home affaiis
by the Federal power, that i fear most the de-
struction of ourGovernment. Hence I am jeal-
ous of the exercise of the power to amend, and
especially in this instance. But if the people of
the States even choose to abuse their power to
amend and destroy their Government, who cart
say them nay? If they are foolish enough to call
in a king, or connect religion with State, or <3e<-
clare polygamy the comer-stone of public liberty,
who shall deny them, provided they follow the
mode they themselves have ordained to make the
organic law?
A gentleman [Mr. Kasson] thoughtl conceded
away the argument against this amendment when
I admitted the power. He argued that, the power
admitted, there was nothing left but to send it
to the States. If the power exists, am I not, as
one of the two thirds of Congress, to consider the
wisdom of its submission? Thus only I comply
with the Constitution. Why require Congress
to pass on it if 1 am to yield my judgment in pro-
posing, to the judgment of the ratifying power?
Do we come here to play the puppet? I will pursue
strictly the powergiven,andif I think best let the
elector in the State or the member of the Legis-
lature judge. Congress chooses; we are sent here
for that purpose by the people; and they would
account us faithless not to judge of the proposition
in the first instance before we sent it to the State
for approval.
When efforts were being made in the winter
of 1861 to avert secession and war, I had a definite
idea of the inexpediency of abolishing slavery in.
the States. So had the Republican members. The
whole House, on the 11th of February, 18G1, on
the motion of Mr. Sherman, " resolved that nei-
ther the Congress of the United States nor the
people or governments of the non-slaveholding
States have the constitutional right to legislate
upon or interfere with slavery in any of the slave-
holding States." This was a reaffirmation of the
Republican platform of 1800. All agreed that it
would be wise to let it alone as the Constitution
gave no right over it. But the power to amend
the Constitution was not questioned then. The
graceless inexpediency and suicidal unwisdom of
congressional action only was affirmed by the
resolution. The unconstitutionality of such ac-
tion was declared. Upon that we upon this side
have stood in denying ail power over the subject
by emancipation and confiscation, either by the
military or civil power, by the executive or the
legislative. We trace to the breach of this reso-
lution, reaffirmed m the Crittenden resolve in
July, 1861, the prolongation of the war by the
division of the North and the union of the South.
The amendment now proposed is the culmina-
tion of this suicidal policy. If the steps to it
are unsound what can be said of the consumma-
tion ?
While, therefore, Mr. Speaker, I have differed
with greatdiffidence from my colleague [Mr. Pen-
dleton] as to the power of amendment, and have
pursued thus far a different path from his, I shall
reach the sumo end; or rather, my humble way
leads into the highway in which we shall travel to-
gether on the inexpediency and anarchical charac-
terof thisamendment. I join with him, natives as
we are both of the free State of Ohio, in repelling
with honest scorn the imputation that because we
^favor this amendment we favor slavery or re-
bellion. We are not unused to such irrelevant
and contemptible insinuations. Together, in 1856,
we came to these Halls. We are all that is left
of the Democratic members of the Thirty-Fiftli
Congress.
Mr. PENDLETON. And we are not left.
Mr. COX. True; like stormy petrels, tossing
upon the angry waves of sectional agitation, we
at e atlast overwhelmed m tho flood of fanaticism.
We are the last roses of the Democratic summer.
[Laughter.] But, Mr. Speaker, although we may
not be upon the same branch, we are still together
upon the same rose tree. [Laughter.] It would
illy become us, in the close of our career here, to
differ upon anything except upon the most vital
urgency: In one thing we have never differed,
and do not now; we have neither discussed sia-
