242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
very nor encouraged rebellion. Certainly we have
never favored slavery or its agitation.
Speaking for myself, slavery is to me the most
repugnant of all human institutions. No man
alive should hold me in slavery; and if it is my
business no man, with my consent, shall hold
another. Thus I voted in 1851, in Ohio, with
my party, which made the new constitution of my
own State. I have never defended slavery; nor
has my party. Members have defended it, as
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood;] others have attacked it, as the other mem-
ber [Mr. Odell] on my left; but neither of these
have conformed to Democratic practice and pre-
cedent. When I say this I but speak the tenets
of the Democracy assembled in convention for the
States and for the Union.
Is it answered that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has this session defended the
institution? That gentleman did not pretend to
speak for the Democratic parry. Indeed he does
not profess to speak for it, but rather as an old-
line Whig, having now his views independentof
all machines of party. The last session he held
that slavery was dead. Gentleman should not
object to Ins eulogizing the deceased, but by so
doing he does not intend, nor does he if he in-
tends, commit any Democrat to his moral con-
victions.
What I desire is, not that gentlemen should de-
bate thequestion of slavery or anti-slavery, butof
the power we have over u, and of the propriety
of its exercise either now or at any time.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
asks, " Do you gentlemen from the free North
intend to battle for slavery after the South is ready
to abandon it?" We answer, " Principiis obsta
Mr. Davis and his coadjutors may do as they
please; we do not battle forslavery nor against it.
We cling to the system of our Government " as
the bond of unity in the past, as the only bond of
union in the future, the only land lifted above the
waters on winch the ark of Union can be moored.
From that ark alone will go out the dove blessed
of the Spirit, which shall return, bringing in us
mouth the olive-branch of peace." Not tor Jef-
ferson Davis; not for Virginia; but for our own
States, our own Government, do we stand on the
principle of self-government over Slate affairs,
and against the use of the power of amendment
to change that principle. My doctrine is better
stated than I can state it, m the speech of judge
Thomas, of Massachusetts, from which i quote,
when he says:
u Whoever else may falter, 1 must stand by the Consti-
tution. I am not wiso enough to build a bettor. I am not
radii enough to experiment on a nation's lite. Theie is to
me no hope of our country hut in this system of many
States and one nation, worktop in their respective ^pheies,
as if lite divine hftud had molded them imd sot them in
motion. To fhls system <ho integrity of the States is as
esfeuhai as that ot the central power. Their hie is one
I lie. A consolidated Government lor tins vast country would
be es->entiall} adc-poiie Government, deinoeiattc to name,
but kept buoyant by corruption and etheient bv the vword.
Devlin:; ilie extinction of .-d.ivery with my whole mind and
heart, I watch the \vm Icinijnl evenW with devout gratitude
ami patience. By no ta-h act of onr^, nmehle^.tny radi-
cal change in the'Coristnulion, shall we hasten the defied
result. If tit the pursuit of objects, however humane ; it'
beguiled by the flattei ies of hope or of shallow sell-conceit;
if Impelled by our hatted of treason and de-^ite of vengeance
or rembution ; il reduced by the 4 insidious wiles of loreiizn
Influence,' we yield to such change, we shall destroy the
be.-t hope of ficcman ami slave and the best hope of hu-
manity this side the grave."
The Federal system, unamended, embraces
three classes of functions: first, those concerning
the relations of the United States to foreign na-
tions; second, those concerning the relations be-
tween the States and their citizens respectively;
and third, certain powers which, though belong-
ing to the same departments of Government, to be
useful and effective must be general and uniform
in their operation throughout the country. In
hone of these functions do we find this power
over domestic slavery. The effort is now to make
its abolition a function of the national Government.
If you begin upon this domain where is the limit
to the exercise of this plenary amendatory power
in domestic affiits? Should we amend the Con-
stitution so as to change the relation of parentand i
✓hild, guardian ami ward, husband and wife, the
aws of inheritance, the laws of legitimacy ? Be-
cause we have the power must we seize it? Where
ivili it end, when once begun? Is it, then, aques-
.ion of slavery, or is it a question of home free-
dom in home affairs; a State question in State
affairs; a police question, concerning municipal
and not Federal institutions? If we may change
the relation of the blacks to the whites m one re-
spect, may we not m another? May we not
change the Constitution to give them suffrage in
States in spite of all State laws to the contrary ?
Must we not amend the Constitution to allow the
importation of freed blacks into States like Illi-
nois and Indiana? Must we not declare all State
laws based on their political inequality with the
white races null and void? If you begin with this
amendment, what laws are to be passed to carry
it out? Do you not break down, by this amend-
ment, the distinction between the spheres of the
State and national Governments, which is char-
acteristic of our system, as old as our Union ? If
so, are we not asked to change the system, rather
than to abolish slavery?
Hence11 do not place my suggestions about this
measure on any ground of the immutability of the
Constitution, or of our peculiar system. I place
my vote against it, because the system it would
change is a good one, made in wisdom and to be
perpetuated for the future happiness of the peo-
ple. If the system of internal police over State
matters is not of value, discard it altogether.
Deny to Ohio her right to declare who are born
in wedlock, and who may inherit estates; deny
to us the right to have our home courts for home
justice; centralize all power here, in one head,
and make the federation a despotic tyranny, and
thus you will have the "gospel of anarchy, the
philosophy of dissolution.'5 I may admit the
wiong of slavery. It may be heinous m sight of
God and man. I may admit the power by amend-
ment to abolish it. I am a radical Domociat and
believe in amendments of all organic laws in pur-
suance of the mode prescribed. I may admit that
such an amendment would impair only for a brief
tune the checks and balances, the very substance
and essence of our federative system, and yet I
ask you, on the other side, whether, if 1 believed
that this amendment would place an impediment,
insuperable to the restoration of the Union, I
ought to vote for it? If I believed that the lebel
authorities would not meet us in convention, and
would stand out against the Union on their inde-
pendence, 1 might consider anew what 1 ou^htto
do. 1 have no authentic information m that re-
gard. So long as there is a faint hope of a return-
ing Union I will not place obstacles in the path.
I will rather illuminate, cheer, and clear the path-
way to the old homestead. If I believed, Mr.
Speaker, that peace could be restored with the
Union by the abolition of slavery, I would vote
for it. All I do and ail 1 fotbear to do is to save
our imperiled Government, and restore our price-
less Union. Show me that that will be the re-
sult, and 1 will vote for your amendment. Rut,
as it stands to-day, I believe that this amendment
is an obstacle to the rehabilitation of the States.
So believing, I cannot give my vote for it, nor
would any honest patriot ask me to give a vote
for a measure which 1 believe would bring about
an eternal separation of the States of the Union.
But ifit is determined in the South,as H seems
to be, that lather than fail in independence, sla-
very shall go, I for one, as a Democrat, shall be
ready to reconsider my resolution. The party
to which I belong loves the Union asdeatly as
the South loves slavery. If (hey can let slavery
go for independence, the Democracy can for the
sake of the Union. If the South refuses to meet us
in convention and abide by its arbitrament, then
there is no hope for slavery. If the South obtain
independence it will be by freedom to the slaves
atid their enrollment as soldiers. If they do not
obtain their independence, between the collisions
of the belligerents the institution will be gone,
and then it matters little what becomes of this
amendment, so far as its own peculiar subject is
concerned. So faras the Union slaveholding States
are concerned, they are rendering this amendment
useless. Missouri yesterday almost unanimously
voted to abolish slavery. Maryland has already
done it, whether by force or freedom it is not now
my purpose to inquire. Kentucky will be en-
foiced to do the same. What remains ? Little Del-
aware. She had in I860 eighteen hundred slaves,
and theenlistingagents have mostly sold them out
to this humanitarian Government for soldiers,
costing $150 apiece in Delaware, and selling for
$1,000 in New York! Surely Delaware will soon
be free !
It may, with some propriety, be urged that sla-
very is already dead It has the seeds of speedy
dissolution. The blows of war are breaking down
its panting, exhausted body.
If, then, as it is said by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] slavery is dead, what
is the object of this amendment? That distin-
guished gentleman told us the other day that, like
Pharaoh and his hosts, the South had rushed
with slavery into the Red sea of war, and that sla-
very was destroyed. Well, if that be the case,
if slavery is dead, where is the necessity for in-
voking this extraordinary power of amendment?
My friend from New York [Mr. Odell] who also
spoke so well in defense of his views, said that
although it was dead he wished to give it a con-
stitutional burial. I am not much of a biblical
scholar, but I believe that we have no authentic
record of the fact that after Pharaoh and his hosts
were destroyed in the Red sea the children of
Israel, after their destruction, met together upon
its shores, in grand convocation anil, after listening
to Aaron and the other orators, passed resolutions
somewhat like this amendment, to wit:
Resolved, That neither Pharaoh nor his hos.ts, except as
a punishment for crime wheieol they&liaH have beenduiy
convicted, shall hereafter exist within the jurisdiction of
tho cluldtcn of is>iaei. [Laughter.]
What would be thoughtof the children of Israel
for passing such a resolution after the decease of
Pharaoh? My friend from NewYork [Mr. Odell]
belongs to the new and kind dispensation, and
would give the deceased slavery a constitutional
burial. What would have been thought of the
children of Israel, after they had fished out Pha-
laoh's dead body, if they had proceeded solemnly
to give to it a constitutional burial? [Laughter.]
Hence this amend merit, according to the argument
of gentlemen on the other side, amounts to nothing.
It is a mere brutumfulmai. It is only the register,
in other words, of what the war power with its
blows is accomplishing, day by day. If gentle-
men opposite really believed that slavery was
dead they would not bring in this amendment.
They do not believe it. But there are men on that
side of the Chamber who will not tavor a restora-
tion of the States until this amendment shall have
become tin organic law. Therefore it is they that
pcitinaciously press this matter, even while nego-
tiations are going on for the return of the States to
a national convention, and for the return of peace
and fraternity among the States.
Is it said that this amendment is needed to an-
ticipate the South, and thus secure the smiles of
civilized Europe? I trim my votes for no such
delusive gales. The Powers of Europe will not
be leas eager to dissever our Republic in the
event of abolition by us than now. The philan-
thropy of Europe is very problematical. Let us
take care of ourselves. Let us preserve the form
and functions, and thus the strength, of our Gov-
ernment; and the unity of our States will be as
hard to break as the ridges of our everlasting
mountains!
Our Union is i iver. lake, ocean, and sky ;
Man breaks, not the medal when God cuts the die!"
ENROLLED BIhh.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Rills, reported as truly enrolled an act to amend
an act entitled "An act for tho punishment of
crimes in the District of Columbia," approved
March 2, 1831; when theSpeakersigned the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message fr m the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, its
Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution (S. No. 9G) to postpone and pre-
vent the sale, for less than their appraised value,
of certain Indian lands in Minnesota.
Also, that the Senate had passed a concurrent
resolution m relation to the ventilation and im-
provement of the Halls of Congress; in both of
which the Senate asked the concurrence of the
House.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY-—-AGAIN.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I can well
understand and fully appreciate the argument
which my friend from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] ad-
vanced on the floor of this House yesterday, con-
tending that there was no power in Congress to
pass this resolution. Had that power existed, in
the estimation of my friend, I have no doubt, from
what I know of him and from the tenor of his
remarks, that he would have given the res&dution
