THE COTORESSTOm GLOBE,
' THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth-Congress, 2d Ses.si'on.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24,1865.
New Series.....No. 64.
from Illinois to postpone the present and all prior
orders and proceed-to the consideration Of the
joijit resolution resolution relative to the State
government of Louisiana.
JVJr, TI1UMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
,,nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the yeas and nays
arts taken, I wish to.say a word in regard to this
question. It is one of very great importance to
. the country. It is known that there is an organi-
zation in the State of Louisiana claiming to be
loyal to the United States, and to act in obedience
to the laws and the Constitution of the United
' States. It is known that the' inhabitants of that
Srntis.have been declared to be in a state of rebel-
lion. It is known that this organization has
elected Representatives and Senators to the Con-
gress ofthe United States. It is known that those
persons are here claiming seats, and it is of vital
importance, as I think, to the well-being of this
fcouritry that we should determine it one way or
the other. This is not the time: to argue how we
should determine it; but. it-is important that we
should settle for the inhabitants of Louisiana-who
are loyal to this Government;, and who have un-
dertakep to set up a State government in eonform-
, jty to the Constitution, whether their govern-
; ment is to be recognized or not. The Senate
ought to consider it: The question partakes of
- the character of a question of privilege, because
u-pon the recognition of this existing government
. ii? Louisiana depends the right of the persons
elected by the Legislature there to-seats in this
body, and I cannot/see how Senators canrefuse.to
consider a question of'this kind, ft-
The question now is, will you consider it? not
how you will decide it. We are within a few
days of the close of the session. I have struggled
before to-day togetup this resolution. If it is to be
, postponed to other bills and we are not to deter-
mine who is to constitute the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, it seems to me we are pursuing a very
improper and unparliamentary course. The first
. thing to, be done is to determine, as soon as.it can
be intelligently determined, who are the proper
•persons to constitute the body. If 4hese gentle-
men claiming seats here are proper Senators, they
have a right to be here and to vote on this very
question. If they are not properly elected, let the
inhabitants of Louisiana know that the organi-
zation that they have attempted is not a proper
-iOne, and let them take the necessary steps to get
up a proper organization that we can recognize.
I trust that the Senate will vote to consider the
question.
Mr. CHANDLER. All that is known about
the State of Louisiana has been long known. For
months and months this knowledge has been be-
fore the Senate and before the country, and yet
until the last forty-eight hours no motion even has
been made to bring the question before the Sen-
. ate. If we take up that subject tjie discussion
will continue until the 4th of March, and we shall
not have a vote upon it if we do take it up- The
bill now under consideration has been before this
body for two long years. It has been put off by
divers and sundry subterfuges from day to day
and from month to month and from year to year.
It has now been thoroughly discussed. There are
but one or two more speeches to be made on the
subject. I believe if we now adhere to the bill
we can get a vote to-day, and we can settle this
question forever. I hope the Senate will stand
by the bill until the vote is taken. I have no speech
to make upon it, not a single word to say upon
it. All I ask is a vote on the bill, and I hope the
Senate will stand by the bill until the vote is taken.
If it is voted down, let it be voted down; but if
the Senate believe the bill ought to be passed,let
it pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois is to devote the bal-
ance of this session to the' consideration of that
particular question. Is there any Senator here
who supposes that that question of the readmis-
eion of the rebellious States into the Union, if that
64
be a proper expression, or the restoration of their
rights in this body, can be disposed of short of a
very lengthy discussion? It may not be desira-
ble that it shall be postponed, but it is the misfor-
tune of the case. The subject is brought up here
just at the heel of the session. 1 think there are
many measures that do deserve the attention of
Congress before the adjournment. This propo-
sition is tantamount to saying that nothing else
shall be considered. -
One word more, sir. Pdo notexpect to discuss
the merits of the bill which the Senator from Mich-
igan has in charge. To some extent 1 sympathize
with the sentiments of the Senator from Delaware.
1 do not like to be found on the side of a monop-
oly, and I do not like much to interfere with the
laws ofthe States. But this is certain, as I be-
lieve from my observation of the business of the
Senate, that to get along with business, when a
bill is taken up it ought to be disposed of. If
this measure is right it ought to be voted upon
and adopted; if it is wrong it ought to be voted
down. -1 do not favor this system of defeating a
measure by.merely pushing it off. I think that
the success of business in this body requires
that when a measure is once taken up it be dis-
posed of.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think that the most im-
portant question is the one submitted by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I believe the State of New
Jersey is yetin theUnion. Although ithasbeen
asubjectpf a great deal of pastime and pleasantry
about her being out of the Union, still I believe,
inrfact, she is in the Union. How long she may
remain there I am unable to say.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry it is doubtful.
Mr. TEN EYCK. • The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says it is a doubtful subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I said, " 1 am sorry it is
doubtful."
Mr. TEN EYCK. Sir, I am sorry that a con-
stitutional question like the one involved is re-
garded as doubtful.
The State of New Jersey then being still in the
Union at the present time m fact, I think it a mat-
ter of vast importance that *we should consider
whether the State of Louisiana should be entitled
to be considered as in this Union, and to have
her representation on this floor, especially after
she has gone through the trials of this rebellion,
especially after she has put treason under her feet,
especially as she has sent her representatives here
who have been standing with their heels out in
the cold at the door of this body, and is desiro-us
to aid and assist in the entire and complete res-
toration of this Union and the power of this Gov-
ernment over the length and breadth of this land.
Why, sir, we have sacrificed in vain tens of thou-
sands of the lives of our purest, noblest, and best,
and we have expended, thousands of millions of
money for the accomplishment of a purpose which
now appears to be upon the very eve of accom-
plishment if after all this Senate persists not
only in refusing to hear the application of Louis-
iana, but in slapping her in the face. 1 know of
• no question so important as the recognition of the
rights of these States which have been trampled
upon, after having been brought into the vortex
of the rebellion, and who, when they now seek to
come back-and be allowed to resume their places
in the Union1 in the only way in which they can
come, are to be met with the plea that a discus-
sion will spring up upon the subject, and that it
will lastuntil alter the 4th day of March, when no
decision can be had. 1 do not think that that will
be the result of taking up the joint resolution re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee in relation to
Louisiana. I hope it will not be the result^
Much as -I wish that the question in relation to
the New Jerseyrailroads now agitating the people
of this country-, and especially the people of New
Jersey, a question which is tritifftting atid grind-
ing and worrying the masses of her people, may
be disposed of, notwithstanding my anxiety that
that question may be settled, I desire that a ques-
tion which is of infinitely more importance may
at least have the preference upon this floor. I
believe that both these measures can be consid-
ered and acted upon before the adjournment of
the preserit Congress. "
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President  '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerot
in the chair.) The'Chair must slate that upon a
motion of this character extenaed^disbussion is riot
in order; nor is any discussion in regard to the
merits of the bill in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the bill relating to
New Jersey will be acted upon and disposed of
before we proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution reported by the Judiciary Committee.
That bill has been long under discussion, and it
is one of great importance; arid, certainly, I feel
that we shall be but doing oijr duty to proceed and
dispose of that measure either the one way'orthe
other, and get it out of the way. We shall then
know what we are about, and whatis before us.
1 do not consider that the other measure,_relat-
ing to the State of Louisiana, is of such transcend-
ent importance as seems to have Wen ascribed
to it by the honorable Senator from,New Jersey.
What is this State as to which, he' declares ,
that all her rights have been trampled upon, atid
are still trampled upon; or at all events neglected
and disregarded? The very document before
us, furnished from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, shows that this so-called State of Louis-
iana comprises only a little more than eight thou-
sand legal voters who participated in the adoption
of the constitution either'pro or con., together'with,
the usual proportion of females. Outof a tiftipg
population in 1860, as reported by the cerfsusrof
that year, of more than fifty thousand in the State
of Louisiana, the present number of voters in that
State claiming to exercise the rights and to be rep-
resented by Senators here and by Representatives
in the other House, is but eight thousand, and
those eight thousand are to-day, as is well enough
known, protected in the enjoyment of such rights
as they possess, not by the laws of Louisiana, Hot
by the will of the people of Louisiana, but by the
bayonets of your armies who are now within the
■limits of that State, and but for which Louisiana
would to-day be, to all intents and purposes'^ a
rebel State, and actuallyin the possession ofthe
rehol authorities.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair must
remind the Senator 
Mr. HOWARD. Ibeg pardon of the Senate
for going into the merits of the question at all. I
simply make these observations in reply to the
few remarks which fell from my honorable friend
from New Jersey on this subject. I do not think
the country is likely to suffer much from a sus-
pension of our action on this Louisiana matter.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a remark that fell
from the Senator from Illinois to which I wisli to
reply. He urged the importance of the measure
which he had in charge. Sir, in reply to himlurge
the importance of the measure Which he proposes
to displace; and the importance of the latter meas-
ure is decided by the fact that it has already occu-
pied the attention of the other House, and that we
are nowconsideringa bill from that House and not
a resolution first reported by a committee of this
body. The proposition now moved by the Sena-
tor from Illinois makes its appearance here for
the first time at the close of this session. It did
not appear here during the last session. The
other measure-has the advantage of it in every
respect. I submit there can be no comparison in
the intrinsic importance of the two measures.
The one proposes to overthrow an odious mo-
nopoly, and to declare an important principle of
constitutional law; the other is simply an attempt
on the part ofthe Senator to open a dance which
is to last through the remainder of this session.
That is alt, sir. I doubt if the Senator himself
seriously imagines that his measure can pass in
any practical form. It is. merely a dance of de-
bate titathe wishes to inaugurate m this Chamber.
Sir, I think that the Senate had better proceed
with the practical measures before it, those to
which it has already given attention, and in which
the country is really interested.
