1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his heai ty support. I.am, I confess, somewhat
surprised to-day that my other friend from Ohio
[Mi. Cox] has taken the opposite ground, and
that while lie admits that there is the power in
Congress to pass this resolution, he denies that it
is expedient to do so. I regret to find, sir, that a
man who has always lived on northern soil, a man
who ought to, and who perhaps does, love the
Union, the whole Union, and nothing hut tlie
Union, as I do, should be unwilling to have Con-
gress pass a resolution which, if adopted by the
requisite majority, would blot out from the face of
this Government the only relic of barbarism which
impairs its fairness and beauty.
Sir, in discussing the question, I do not deem
it becoming or useful to descend to the acrimony of
party spirit. The power of Congress to pass this
resolution depends upon the construction given
to the Constitution itself. The policy of passing
tho resolution just now, in the present condition
of the country, is one as to which gentlemen may
entertain differences of opinion. 1 shall devote
myselffirst, for a few moments, to adiscussion of
the question of the power of Congress to pass the
resolution.
Our Government when first established was an
experiment. It was breaking away from estab-
lished forms and theories, and launching out upon
an untried if not an unknown sea, with no chart
of the reefs and shoals which might be encoun-
tered, and with nothing but the light of reason to
mark out its couise. It is true that republics
(so called) had arisen, grown in resplendent efful-
gence and power, and gone out in premature
decay.
Gieece, undera ftee Government, had shotlike
a biilliantmeteor across the sky, illuminating the
whole heavens, astonishing the world with her
power and culture, and disappeared. Ilome, under
a similar system, had been the mistress of the
world, and m eloquence, poetry, and ail art excited
the admiration of the ages, and left only a name in
history. It was left for our fathers to determine
the question of the power of the people to govern
themselves. Diiven from the old hearthstone,
and believing that there could be a Church with-
out a bishop, and a State without a king, they
soughfrto establish a form of governmentadaptcd
to their condition and in accordance with their
principles. At first they established little democ-
racies governed by the people, and having no
power or adhesion independent of the popular
will; but as they increased in population and area
and independent organisms, it became necessary
for the mutual safety to form themselves into some
sort of a general Government; and the Articles
of Confederation was the result of their deliber-
tions.
At that day nothing so shocked the judgment
and sensibilities of our fathers as the centraliza-
tion of power in Government. They seemed to
have deemed that the cause of all their former
woes.
In 1778 we find that the thirteen States entered
into a league of friendship or federation with each
other tor their common defense, the security of
their liberties, and their mutual and general wel-
fare, binding themselves to assist each other
against all force offered to or attacks made upon
them orany of them on account of religion, sover-
eignty, trade, or any other pretense whatever.
In other words, it was a treaty between the thirteen
independent and sovereign States for mutual pro-
tection
In order to avail themselves of the benefit of
such treaty or league of friendship, it became
necessary, for the convenient management of the
general interest, that a body should be constituted
called a Congress of the United States, wherein
each sovereign State should be represented and
measures be adopted for mutual benefit and pro-
tection. In this Confederation each State retained
its fieedom, sovereignty, and independence, ex-
cept so far as powers might be delegated to the
United States. In fact the States were sovereign,
and might, as many supposed, at any time with-
draw from the Confederation and annul the league
of friendship or treaty of alliance.
Iii a short time it became apparent that in the
Articles of Conledeiation there was no thorough
bond of union. There was nothing to cement the
people and the Government and bind the people
to the Government. Hence we find that in 1787
♦jot the States but the people of the United States
formed a Constitution, and set forth its purpose as
follows:
" Wc the jieople of the United States, in'order to forma
more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the
general weltare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our po-nciity, do oidaiti and establish this Con-
stitution lor the United States of America."
In the formation of that Constitution two great
parties were represented and more or less at issue.
One party contended for the sovereignty of the
States, independent, except in certain yielded
rights, of the General Government. The other
that sovereignty must exist in the General Gov-
ernment, that the power of government must rest
in the Government itself, but that certain rights
and powers might be reserved to the States, to be
exercised in accordance with and under the Con-
stitution.
The Constitution as we have it to-day, the
charter of our liberties, which I respect as much
as my friend from Ohio, and would violate no
sooner than he, was after much discussion and
many compromises of opinion adopted. But in
it, to satisfy all sides, the power of amendment
was provided for, and was really limited, so far
as its restrictions now go, to one particular, and
that was that no State shall be deprived of its
senatorial representation equal to any other State,
except by its own consent. As I have before in-
timated, our Government when the Constitution
was formed was anexperiment. It was foreseen
that experience alone could determine whether
too great power was vested in the General Gov-
ernment, or too many rights reserved to the
States. It was also foreseen that in either event
the power would not be yielded with a willing
hand. Man loves power, and as Governments
arc but the nggiegation of men, they too love and
hold it if possible. Hence two modes whereby
Congress might call upon the people to amend
the Constitution were devised. In case it should
be found by experience that too many powers
or dangerous prerogatives were reserved to the
States, then Congress, whenever two thirds of
both Houses should deem it necessary, should
propose amendments to the Constitution.
And on the other hand, whenever experience
might show that too great or dangerous powers
had been granted to the General Government,
then, on the application of the Legislatures of two
thirds of the several States, Congress should call
a convention for proposing amendments. Herein
we see the honesty and wisdom of the framerS of
our Constitution making so judicious and pcifect
an adjustment that neither the General Govern-
ment can usuip powers to itself dangerous to the
liberties of the people nor the Stales retain [low-
ers to themselves which endanger the safety of the
Republic. But, sir, it was said by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] yesterday that there
are certain matters where three fourths of the
Legislatures of the several States may amend the
Constitution and in others not, and when the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Yeaman] asked
my friend from Ohio to point out the exceptional
cases he declined or neglected to answer.
Was it generous in my honorable friend, [Mr.
! Pendleton,] the exponent and leader of a great
party, to preserve such dignified reticence ? Could
he not have told us, who are earnestly seeking
after light upon this subject, wherein the Consti-
tution, (outside of its own exception,) cannot be
amended?
Sir, his love of truth, and his sagacity as a
lawyer, overcame his zeal, and hence he made no
reply. Sir,ladmire thegentleman's ability,and
commend him tor his discretion. Sir, there is
but one limit in the instrument, and that is in re-
gatd to the senatoiial leprcscntation, and neither
you nor I, in my judgment, can say so far shall
this power go, and no further, unless we pro-
nounce the Constitution itself unconstitutional.
The several States became members of the
Union under the Constitution with a full knowl-
edge of its provisions, and it is too late to plead
either infancy or imbecility.
But, sir, it is said that by the amend ment we arc
interfering with vested rights; that slaves were
obtained under the guarantee of the Constitution;
that no amend ment can be proposed which changes
the status of the slave. I am not going to discuss
the question as to the right to hold property in
slaves. Under my interpretation of the Consti-
tution negro slavery was protected where itexisted
by force of law, so long as the States in which it
existed and the people thereof rendered fealty
and obedience to the Government. If you treat
slaves as property, then the condition of protection
was the allcgiance of the owner. The right of pro-
tection and the duty of allegiance are reciprocal.
Independent of all Government, a man is entitled
to what he possesses until dispossessed by force,'
and when he connects himself with organized Gov-
ernment he, is bound to recognize that Govern-'
ment and live under its laws, in order to entitle
himself or his property to its protecting power.
But, sir, it is not necessary to discuss the right
of property in man. Coming from the Gi'een
Mountain State, where the mountain brooks leap
from rock to rock, in the full play of freedom;
where the winds of heaven sing the song of free-
dom among the trees upon her mountain tops,and
where a good old judge, fifty years ago, said to
a claimant who claimed and presented a bill of
sale for a slave, " Show me a bill of sale from
God Almighty and your title will be recognized,"
it is not necessary for me to say that in my judg-
ment there can be no property in man.
But, sir, it is said that slaves are property, and
for the sake of the argument I will admit it; and
it is further said that property in them being a
vested right, cannot be divested, as it would be,
by an amendment to the Constitution. Why, sir,
all rights reserved to the States are vested rights,
ail rights possessed by the General Government
are vested rights. Suppose the States had re-
served to themselves the right to coin money and
regulate the value thereof, that would be a vested
right; and yet will any gentleman say that if from
experience it had been found to operate inju-
riously to the best interests of the nation, the
Constitution could not be so amended as to divest
the States of the right to coin money, and place
the power m the hands of Congress?
Precisely so with the question of slavery. It
was a vexed and troublesome question when the
Constitution was formed. It was then considered
to be a local question, and that it would melt away
before the advance of a Christian civilization,as
the dew upon the meadows before the morning
sun. But experience has shown otheiwise. It
grew to become a monster. It cried " Give, give,"
and never said " Enough." "Room for the leper,"
was the cry, and the free North stood back and
said " Pass on," until from a few thousand it be-
came almost one sixth of the nation.
Is such a reserved right (as shown from expe-
rience) consistent with a full, free, and perfect de-
velopment of a republican form of government?
Is there no antagonism between free institutions
and the aristocratic and cursed system of slavery ?
Now, sir, if the Congress of the United States
finds that such antagonism doos exist; that sla-
very strikes a blow at the heart of the national life;
that it endangers free institutions and a republican
form of government; that it is incompatible with
the theory of our Government; that both cannot
survive, can it be said that there is no power to
propose an amendment to the Constitution which
shall remove the danger? Sir, I think not. No
gentleman upon the floor of the House has de-
fended the system save one, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood;] and when
he said that slavery was the normal and best con-
dition for the negro race, a negro in the gallery
exclaimed, " I don't think massa has read his
Bible much, or he would not have said that"—a
just condemnation of a sentiment which outrages
;'the moral sense of the civilized world. 1 com-
j mend the gentleman to the blessed Book which
j the poor black man thought he had not read. In
i it he will find thatGod made man—not the white
| inaii, not the black man, but man in His own
image, and breathed into his nostrils His own
breath of life. And for his encouragement let me
say to him that he will find there promises of in-
finite mercy, and that by giving even a poor black
disciple a cup of water in the name of his divine
Master, he shall not lose his lewaid. Out of the
mouth of babes and sucklings comcth wisdom,
and I hope the gentleman will notscotf at the
lesson taught him by the poor black man.
Sir, it is conceded, I think, that the States
wluiein slavery exists, having exclusive juris-
diction over the subject-matter, can pass an ordi-
nance of emancipation freeing the slaves with-
out remunerating the master. If this is so, then
what becomes of the argument as to vested rights
