m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
in property? The ground upon which a State
may thus act is simply this: the existence of sla-
very and property in slaves is injurious and pre-
judicial to the safety of the State; hence the State
lias a right to Say to its people, you shall no longer
own slaves as property, it is analogous to a case
where the State finds within its borders an article
of property which is injurious to the public health
or public morals. It is clearly the right of the
State to declare that such an article shall not be
held as property. Now, sir, if States, having
the exclusive control, persist in holding property
which is in the judgment of Congress ruinous to
the nation and will not yield it up, then Congress
may through the people, by an amendment to the
Constitution, take away these reserved rights,
and say such property shall no longer exist as
property.
Sir, I was surprised on yesterday at the remark
of my learned friend from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
on the other side. If 1 understood him, in the
warmth of his zeal, his energy, and his anxiety
in this matter, he said to members upon this side
of the House, as a matter eitherof threat or warn-
ing, 41 Look to it well, you yourselves, gentle-
men, that you do not do that which may strike at
the bonds of this our great and glorious Union."
What did the gentleman mean by a remark of that
kind? Does he not know that his great teacher,
the father of secession and nullification, himself
Said that the individuality of South Carolina was
merged in the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States of this Union? Would he go beyond his
great teacher?
And what does the gentleman mean when he
says "fractain nnofracta in omnibus ?" Does he
mean that this Government under our Constitu-
tion is a compact between the States themselves?
Does he not see peculiar significance to that sen-
tence which says, " We the people of the United
States," in convention assembled, " do ordain and
establish this" the Constitution of our country?
Will the gentleman follow out and take the logical
consequences of his statement? If so, he will be
obliged to concede that any Statu or the people
thereof may by ordinance take themselves out of
the Union. I am sure the gentleman does not
believe that.
Now, I would devote a few moments to the pol-
icy of this measure. Is it policy to pass this res-
olution at this time? The indications of Provi-
dence are that it is. The recent elections indicate
what the will of the people is, and that is to do
away with this greatevil, the most accursed thing
that has existed in this Government since the
formation of our Constitution-, which has been a
Mot, in our own estimation and in the estimation
of the people of the earth, upon our fair escutch-
eon.
It is said that slavery was not the cause of the
war. That it was the immediate cause of the war
1 am not prepared to say; but it led to a state of
things which necessarily, in the order of Piovi*
dencc, must produce a war. The North, stimu-
lated by free labor, had steadily and wonderfu'iy
progressed in population, wealth,and power. The
little tree which our fathers planted upon Plymouth
rock had grown up and spread from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, until every man might comu and
repose beneath its shade. The liule brook that
came out of the fissures of Plymouth rock had
crossed over this continent, until every man could
come and drink of waters dedicated to freedom.
Why, sir, the North has progressed with the
strides of a giant. Young States hafd a .vakened
like giants refreshed by new wine; and :hey had
become an influence and a power, physical and
moral, that the South could no longer resist.
They could not resist the free States because they
had no right to say that the majority should not
govern. The war has cost us millions and hun-
dreds of millions of money; and now at every New
England fireside, at every hearthstone through-
out the country, East and West, tears are shed
for the dear ones who are lost, and prayers as-
cend to Almighty God to shield those who are
still left to fight the battles of the country. The
blood of the nation and the teats of the widow
call for the passage of this resolution.
And I tell yoj, sir, that this rebellion is, by
reason of omnipotent power, coming to an end
that will be favorable to the cause of liberty here
and elsewhere. Have you not read, sir, a recent
book written by Victoi Hugo, one of the best
scholars and most eloquent writers of Prance?
You have doubtless seen in it a description of the
battle of Waterloo. What does the author say ?
Was Waterloo a victory ? No.- Was it won or
lost because of Napoleon, because of Blucher,
because of Wellington ? No; it was lost because
of God. The history of Napoleon was not writ-
ten in the nineteenth century. The brains of the
universe had culminated in the head of one man,
and all nature moaned with the plethora. Hence,
Waterloo was riot a victory won by armies alone;
it was a victory by God. So with this rebellion.
It is not simply a rebellion; it is not simply a
war. It will end in the triumph of the Union; it
will end in the honor of the glorious old flag, so
that it shall float again over every inch of the soil
of the old Union; but not alone because of Lin-
coln, not because of Farragut, not because of
Sherman, not because of Grant, but because of
God. Slavery has been tried at the bar of Om-
nipotence and been found wanting. Its history
is not written in the history of the nineteenth
century. When we come to the great and final
victory, it will not be a victory alone, sir, but it
will be a change of front of the universe. Sir,
it will open to the oppressed people of Europe re-
newed hope of freedom for themselves and their
children.
The adoption of this amendment will be bene-
ficial to the South. Sir, 1 know that this war will
end; and I entreat gentlemen upon the other side
of the House to act with us in putting down, by
constitutional means, the cause of this great and
direful calamity. The war will end victoriously
for us; but I want this resolution to pass, and
then, when it does end, the beautiful statue of the
goddess of Liberty which now crowns the ma-
jestic dome above our heads, may look north and
south, east and west, upon a free nation, untar-
nished by aught inconsistent with freedom—re-
deemed, legenerated, and disenthralled by the
genius of universal emancipation.
Sir, I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr.THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the discussion
of the measure now before the House has been
of a very extended and exhaustive character, and
the arguments which have been made against it
are very numerous and very varied. If 1 were
to attempt to sum them up 1 should occupy a
much longer time than at this stage of the debate
I intend to consume. But they may, perhaps, in
some general way, be grouped as follows:
There is, in the first place, the argument of the
want of constitutional power, which is a proposi-
tion of a very important character.
There is then the atgumont de injuriay made
by the honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay]—the argument which bases itself upon the
alleged injustice to private rights of the measure
now before the House.
There is, in the third place, the argument
founded i!oon the alleged inexpediency of the
measure.
There is, in the fourth place, what I might per-
haps characterize as the chronological argument
—the argument thnt, although the power is pos-
sessed, and although it may not be inexpedient
in itself, this is not the proper time for the pas-
sage of such an amendment, or the discussion of
the question which it involves—an argument
which seeks to delay to some Indefinite and un-
appointed time the great issue with which Provi-
dence now confronts the country.
There is again, sir, the want-of-brnins argu-
ment made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory.] The honorablegentleman will of
course not understand measapplyingthose words
to the argument which he made, and to which I
listened with much pleasure. I mean the argu-
ment that the men who made this Constitution
were so great that none who came after ihem are
fit to lay hands upon it or to touch it; that no
alterations in the circumstances of man, that no
revolutions of Government, that no change in hu-
man circumstances, can justify the men of the
present generation in attempting to improve in
any the slightest particular the work of the great
statesmen who framed the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will allow
me.
Mr. THAYER. Certainly, air.
Mr, MALLORY. The gentleman misappre-
hended me, I think. I remember at the last ses-
sion of Congress having asserted that I did not
believe that we of the present Congress, nor the
people of this country at the present time and un-
der the circumstances, were properly competent
to take into review the work of the great masters
who framed the Constitution. I do not assert
that in all time no changes should be made in
that instrument.
Mr. THAYER. ■.! do not intend to misrepre-
sent the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I have had no such idea.
Mr. THAYER. The House will recollect the
interrogatory which the gentleman propounded to
me in his argument at the last session of Con-
gress, in which he asked me whether I felt the con-
scious power to amend this instrument; whether
1 thought we were fit to amend it. It is that to
which I referred. It is the argument against the
ability or the competency of the men of the pres-
ent generation to add anything to the work of the
generation which has passed away. I do not in-
tend to animadvert at length upon that argument.
I only advert to it as one of the arguments which
have been made.
There is, in the last place, what I may style,
without intending any personal disrespect to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] who made it, the infernal argument. I
suppose that he would cail it the ethnological ar-
gument, but with the sentiments which 1 hold, I
cannot dignify is with that high-sounding de-
scription. I call it the infernal argument. Itwas
the argument which was boldly advanced by that
gentleman,and which he attempted to sustain here,
that slavery was the best, the natural condition
of the black race, the condition to which it was
decreed by Heaven, and that, therefore, we should
not struggle against the natural and just condi-
tion to which Heaven in its wise purposes had
consigned them; and the argument by which that
gentleman attempted to sustain his position, name-
ly, that the best way to civilizc the savage is to en-
slave him and his children and his children's chil-
dren to the remotest generation. For that pur-
pose he had read at the Clerk's desk, as the House
will remember, a passage from a book of Aftican
ttavel illustrative of the savage character of the
African in his wild state.
Sir, I shall not undertake in the brief time in
which I intend to occupy the attention of the
House to comment upon these various arguments.
Time would fail me to do so. I desire to call the
attention of the House more particularly to a
branch of the first argument to which I have re-
fened in this brief review of the debate on the
other vside of the House. I desire to say a few
words in regard to the aigument made yesterday
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
concerning the lack of power to pass the resolu-
tion which is now before the House. The words
of the fifth article of the Constitution on this sub-
ject are very express and clear. It confers upon
Congress the right to propose amendments to be
adopted by the States or the people of the several
States. It confers that power in language too
plain to be misunderstood. It is a direct grant of
power. But the article that contains that grant
excepts from that power three particular subjects;
and in relation to those subjects it denies the
power. The grant of power contains three ex-
ceptions: first, no amendment shall be adopted
prohibiting the emigration or importation of slaves
prior to the year 1808; second, no direct tax shall
be laid except in proportion to the enumeration
of the census; and thii d, no State shall be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate. Here, sir, you
have the whole aiticle of the Constitution. You
have in the first place an explicit grant of power,
and you have in the second place the specified
subjects which are excepted from that grant of
power.
Now, sir, I have no doubt the gentleman from
Ohio is a very good lawyer, and is perfectly fa-
miliar with the maxim, expressio unhis est exclusio
allcfius. I am sure that no lawyer understands
better the operation of that familiar maxim than
the gentleman from Ohio. Will the gentleman
therefore toil me, with this maxim before his eyes,
what the framers of the Constitution meant by
putting in it this grant of power, and coupling
with it three exceptions from that grant? 1 ask
him if they did not mean by that general grant to
give it without limitation except in so far as it is
limited by the specified exceptions? Will the
