246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
merated three instances which they excepted from
the exercise of that power, yet there is something
stilt more excepted which is not embraced within
the three items excepted; and he says that it is
unconstitutional to propose to amend the Consti-
tution in the present instance, because it would
interfere with a domestic institution of the States.
What kind of a reason, sir, is that to assign for
an attempt to overthrow the deliberately estab-
lished doctrine of the highest judicial tribunal in
this country ?
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. PRUYN. , I have not had the benefit of
hearing all the remarks which the gentleman has
made, and I do not understand his ground dis-
tinctly. Does the gentleman claim that the right
to amend is unlimited ?
Mr. THAYER. I claim, sir, that the right is
unlimited except in three particulars, which are
especially designated in the grant of the power to
amend.
Mr. PRUYN. Is there any power to amend
so as to establish a monarchy here?
Mr. THAYER. I have spent some time, I
fear in vain, in commenting upon the precise ob-
jection now made by my friend from New York,
[Mr. Pruyn,] which, however, I tun very happy
to hear him state.
Mr. PRUYN. I beg pardon of the gentleman,
I was not present when lie replied to that point.
Mr. THAYER, I will answer the gentleman
very briefly, as I answered more at length just
now. The protection and guard against any un-
due exercise of this power, as of all powers, is in
,the power of the people over their Representatives.
And that, as was said by Chief Justice Marshall
in the opinion to which i have referred, is a suffi-
cient saieguatd. Why, sir, we are but the in-
struments of the people. This House in recon-
structed every other year by the votes of the
people. And after all, the residue of the power,
theorem bulk of the power, is with the people,
and inasmuch as the people elect their own Repre-
sentatives, they can always protect themselves
against any undue exercise of power by their
agents.
But, sir, we are told that this resolution is un-
constitutional; although the grant of the power
to propose amendments, like the grant of other
powers in the Constitution, is general and un-
limited except in the particulars to which I have
referred, we are told that this is unconstitutional
because it interferes with the domestic institu-
tions of the States. Well, sir, suppose it does;
do you find in the Constitution any limitation
declaring that the American people shall not
amend their Constitution when it interferes with
the domestic institutions of any portion of the
people ?
This question has been argued, I will take leave
to say, more as if it were a question whether we
, here m the llalls of Congress should undertake
to amend the Constitution, and to change the laws
and customs of the people, than if it were a ques-
tion, which in reality it is, whether we shall
simply propose to the people an amendment in
puisuance of our constitutional power—propose
to whom? propose to the people to alter their
Constitution, it is a question whether we shall
give to the people an opportunity to pass upon
what we consider an advisable amendment of the
fundamental law, and to reject or adopt it as they
may choose. We do not interfere with the do-
mestic institutions of the States. If the " domes-
tic institution" (to adopt a polite phrase for a great
crime) should be interfered with by the adoption
of this amendment it will be by the deliberate
judgment and verdict of the American people. It
will be destroyed, not by Congress, but by the
votes of three fourths of the people. Some gen-
tlemen seem to forget that we are acting here as
the mere instruments of the people. Wc arc
merely setting the machinery in motion which
will enable the people to say whether they desire
this change, if three fourths of the people do
not desire that change you will not have it, and
if three fourths of the people do desire it, then I
ask why in the name of common sense should I
any Demociat oppuse such a change? If thiee j
fourths of the people desire this change in their >
fundamental law should one fourth be allowed to i
prevent them fiom accomplishing their desire? I
This is a new and singular phase of Democratic
principles. A strange Democracy that, which
would build its creed upon such a foundation as
this. *
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,]
in order to sustain himself in this extraordinary
position,argued the constitutional question upon
the basis that this Government is a confederation
of States. He treated the whole subject as if the
question were one in regard to the construction
of a compact between States; as if some sovereign
State was to be put in the position of losing its
rights by being outvoted by other sovereign
States. Sir, I am sorry to hear such a doctrine
asserted at this time and in this place. That path,
sir, let me tell the gentleman, leads into the bloody
slough of secession. It is the fiuitful parent of
all the ills we now endure. It is this heresy,
condemned by the greatest men who have lived
in the annals of the American people, condemned
by the Supreme Court of the United States, con-
demned again and again by that great sage, the
light and glory of our judicial history, John Mar-
shall; it is this doctrine, whose ghost was brought
yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio from the
bloody battle-fields of our suffering country into
this Hall, which has created all the woes and suf-
ferings by which we are now sunounded; the
doctrine that the Constitution is not a Constitu-
tion for the people, but a league between States.
Sir, if that be true, then Jefferson Davis and his
fellow-traitors are right and we are wrong. If
that be true, then there is not a rebel north of the
Gulf of Mexico; because, if the theory of this
Government is that which was maintained yester-
day by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendle-
ton,] namely, that the American Union is but a
league between sovereign States, then those sov-
ereignties had a right to depart; we had no right
to .gainsay their action; and the brave men who
have poured out their blood in the sacred cause
of American liberty and nationality have wasted
it in a cause which, according to the gentleman
from Ohio, has no foundation in justice or the
Constitution.
Sir, 1 regret that the gentleman in sustaining
liia view with regard to theunconstitutionality of
the resolution now befoie the House should have
been driven by the stress of his argument to re-
assert that old, and I had thought fast dying fal-
lacy which has led our great and prosperous and
glot ious country to its present condition of misery
and suffering.
The gentleman made an eloquent profession of
his attachment to the State of Ohio, to which I,
arid I am sure the House listened with attention
and with admiration, for it was not only eloquent
and beautiful but it was stirring. But, sir, the
pleasure with which I listened to the honorable
gentleman was alloyed with piofound iegret that
he had not found to mingle with it one word of
piai.se or love for the Union, and that lie had not
embraced the Union in that eloquent tribute of
affection which he paid to the Slate of Ohio. Sir,
1 reverence thegentleman 'saffection and allegiance
to his native State; I entertain the highest respect
toward him for cherishing those feelings. But,
sir, I would have been glad to have seen his great
talents directed to maintain not only the glory of
his native State, butalso the sovereignty and per-
petuity and glory of this great brotherhood of
States, the glory of tins great American nation
now receiving Us baptism of blood and fire. I
should have preferred, sir, in a great crisis like the
present, to listen notto such partisan and sectional
cries as " Long live Ohio 1" or " Long live Mas-
sachusetts!" or '• Long live Pennsylvania!" but
to that nobler, better shout which now bursts like
the roar of the ocean from hundreds of thousands
of brave men as they hurl themselves upon the
common enemy of the American people, " Long
live the nation !" " Long live the United States
of America—one and inseparable!"
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, obtained the
floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Wiil thegen-
tleman fiomOhio [Mr. Ashley] please inform
us when he proposes to bring this matter to a
close?
Mr. ASHLEY. I will answer the gentleman
to-morrow. 1 no\v move that the House adjourn, j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wasiiburne, of
Illinois, and Mr. Eldridge, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Houftft
(at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 13, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal", D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CLARK presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying that they maybe taken
under the protection and jurisdiction of a territo-
rial government; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
tie also presented the petition of the Amoskeag
ManufacturingCompany,praying for compensa-
tion for three regimental cook-wagons furnished
by order of Major General Fremont, commanding
the western department; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the memo-
rial of the newspaper publishersof Indiana, pray-
ing for a removal of the duty on foreign paper;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of the
local board of steamboat inspectors of New Lon-
don, Connecticut, praying for an increase of sal-
ary; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of the offi-
cers of the State Historical Society of Wisconsin,
praying that foreign printing paper may be ex-
empted from duty; that the duties on imported,
books may be reduced, and that all books and
literary property imported expressly for public
libraries may be admitted free of duty; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Youngstown, Ohio, praying that the rail-
road frtmi Youngstown, Ohio, to Sharon, Penn-
sylvania, may bo declared a mail route; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of laborers
in the Washington navy-yard, praying that in-
quiry may be made into the conduct of officials
in the Washington navy-yard in the employment
of persons who are represented as being hostile
to the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS presented a memorial of mer-
chants and importers of the city of San Francisco,
California, praying for the refunding of duties
paid upon goods destroyed by fire while in the
hands of original importers in that city during
the years 1850 and 1851; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POWELL presented the memorial of
Joseph Wilson, of Kentucky, praying for com-
pensation for horses and mules captured by the
rebels in consequence of the Union pickets not
permitting him to pass our lines; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 present the petition of George
W. Allen, of Mount Vernon, Illinois, on behalf
of certain officers, prisoners captured under Col-
onel Straight in his celebrated raid through Geor-
gia, setting forth that the petitioner has exhausted
every available means for their release with the
military authorities. One of these prisoners is
now at Columbia, South Carolina, in very poor
health, and in extreme want, and another is in
Libby prison in solitary confinement, and is one
of four who were retained by the rebels as hos-
tages, for whom the petitioner knows not. The
last advices from him to one of his fellow-prison-
ers bears date November 15, 1864, in which he
says," I am doomed to lie and rot in this loath-
some, damp cell. The mold has settled all over
me, and there is no escape from it. I am notable
to carry the ball and chain, or I might get some
fresh air." The petitioner therefore prays that
some means may be adopted by which these men
may be relieved from the slow but certain death
that ia awaiting them. I move that the petition
