1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2i,
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that it is my
intention to address the Senate upon this joint
•resolution, but I am not prepared to proceed to-
day. I hope, therefore, that the motion made by
the Senator from Kentucky will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
has been withdrawn. "
Mr. CONNESS, Then I renew it, so that we
may get to other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be made the special
order at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir. I move that the
further consideration of the joint resolution be
postponed to, and made the special order for, to-
morrow, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Houseof Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 393) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Georgetown to levy certain taxes; and
A bill (S. No. 439) to change the name of
Dorsey Edwin William Towson.ofGeorgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to that of Dorsey
Edwin William Carter.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 579) to repeal a por-
tion of a joint resolution " explanatory of an act
to suppress insuireclion, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes," approved July
17, 1862, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
COURTS IN NEVADA.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 640) providing for a district and a cir-
cuit court of the United States for the district of
Nevada, and for other purposes, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. William Hig-
by, of California, Mr. H. C. Worthington, of
Nevada, and Mr. F. Keknan, of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 640)
providing for a district and a circuit court of the
United States for the district of Nevada and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the Houseon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereoa.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fos-
ter, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Johnson.
ItEPORT IT,051 A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
775) for the relief of the occupants of the lands of
the ex-mission of San Jose, m the State of Cali-
fornia, reported it without amendment.
PROSECUTIONS FOR LIBEL IS THE DISTKICT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are several bills,
some of them of considerable importance, which
have been reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, that will not take up time, and I will
ask the Senate to consider them. That committee
has taken up very little of the time of the Senate
at this session. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 692)
in reference to prosecutions for •libel in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported by the committee
unanimously, and which will take no time, I think.
_ Ine motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
.nGomm.ueeof the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill, which providesthat in ail prosecutions or
indictments for libel instituted, or which may here-
after be instituted, in the District of Columbia, !
the truth thereof may be given in evidence under '
the general issue as a justification of the alleged •
jibe ; and if it appear that the matter charged as !
libelous was true, and was written or published
with good motives, and for justifiable ends, the
defendant shall be acquitted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COURTS IN VIRGINIA.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate,
as, in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 664) for changing the
time for holding the circuit courts in the district
of Virginia. It provides that the circuit courts
in the districts of Virginia, heretofore hoiden at
Richmond, shall be held at Norfolk on the first
Monday in May and on the fourth Monday in No-
vember in each year; and all proceedings and pro-
cess in or issuing out of the court which are or
may be made returnable to any other times or
places appointed,for holding the same than those
above specified are to be deemed legally returna-
ble on the days and at the place above specified,
and not otherwise; and all suits and other pro-
ceedings in the court which stand continued to
any other time or place than those above specified
are to be deemed continued to the place and time
prescribed by this act, and no other.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (S.
No. 454) supplemental to an act entitled " An act
to annex a part of the Stat; of New Jersey to the
collection district of New York, and to appoint
an assistant collector to reside at Jersey City,"
approved February 21, 1863.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:'
A bill (H. R. No. 667) to provide for two as-
sistant local inspectors of steamboats in the city
of New York, and for two local inspectors at
Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish the board of
local inspectors at Wheeling; and alsp to airiend
the act approved June 8,1864, emitted " An act
to create an additional inspector of steamboats
and two local inspectors of steamboats for the
collection districts of Memphis and Oregon, and
for other purposes;"
A bill (H. R. No. 697) further to provide for
the verification of invoices;
A bill (H. R. No. 738) relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 764) to incorporate the Con-
tinental Hotel Company of the city of Wash-
ington;
A bill (H. R. No. 780) to extend the provisions
of the first section of " An act for the government
of persons in certain fisheries," approved June
19, 1813; and K
A bill (Ht R. No. 781) granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use of Govern-
ment piers in said harbor for the purpose of pro-
tecting said harbor.
BUST OF CHIEF JUSTICE TANEY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 748.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill providing for a
bust of thelate Chief Justice Taney, to be placed
m the Supreme Court Room of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that; that nowan
emancipated country should make a bust to the
author of the Dred Scott decision.
The PRESIDINGOFFICJIR, (Mr. Pomekoy.)
The question before the Senate is on taking up the
bill. '{,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I tr%?t the bill will be
taken up; that a person who';has presided over
the Supreme Court of the Uniukl States for more
than a quarter of a century ,andkas added reputa-
tion to the character of the judiciary of the United
States throughout the world is |ot to be hooted
down by an exclamation that the%ountry is to be
emancipated. Suppose he did make a wrong de-
cision. No man is infallible. was a great
and learned and an able man. I titist the Senate
will take up the bill, and not only take it up, but
pass it. -
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
says that this idea of a bust is not to be hooted ,
down. Let me tell that Senator that the name of
laney is to be hooted down the page of history, ;,
Judgment is beginning now; and an emancipated
country will fasten upon him the stigma which
he deserves. The Senator sayd that he for twenty,
five years administered justice, lie adminis-
tered justice at last wickedly, and degraded the*
judiciary of the country, and degraded the age'
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot fail to express my as-
tonishment at the course of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, which he thinks if, I suppose,
his duty to pursue. Sir, if the times in which
we are living are honestly and truly recorded by
the historian, I think the honorable member from
Massachusetts will be very happy if he stands as
pure and as high upon the historic page as the
learned judge who is now no more.
The honorable member seems to suppose that
the decision in the Dred Scott case was a decision
of the Chief Justice alone. It was not so. In
that decision a majority of the court concurred.
Whether that decision is right or not, permit me
to say to the honorable member there are men be-
longing to the profession at least his equals, who
think it to have been right; but whether right or
wrong, those who knew the moral character of
the Chief Justice as well as 1 did would blush to
say that his name is to be execrated among men.
Sir, the decisions of that learned jurist are now
quoted with approbation everywhere, and there
is not a judge upon the bench now, three or four
of them having been selected by the present in-
cumbent of the presidential office, who will not
say at once that a brighter intellect neveradorned
the judicial station. But it is a matter of history.
Every judge who has been at the Bead of that
tribunal has his bust placed in that cojjrt-room.
Does the honorable member wish to have it un-
known in-future times that there wassuch a Chief
Justice? I suppose he does; I presume he does;
and why? Because he differed with him. If so,
to be consistent, he will be compelled to wish that
two thirds of the profession in the United States,
and two thirdsof the country, should beforgotten
in all after-time, for 1 am sure 1 am not mistaken
in supposing that at least that number will be
found in opposition to the peculiar opinions of the
honorable member from Massachusetts.
ThePRESlDINGOFFlCER. TheChairmust
insist that upon a motion to take up, the merits of
the bill cannot be considered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg pardon. It'wasonly
because the honorable member thought proper,
and I take it for granted he considered it a mat-
ter of duty, to assail the memory of a departed,
and a great, and a virtuous man, that 1 deemed
it my duty to rise up and say a word in his vin-
dication. ,
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must repeat to Senators that this discussion is out
of order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. For the same reason that
these remarks have been permitted I may be al-
lowed to express a sentiment at least m response
to the rude, the very rude, remarks of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts; and I will express my
sentiment in a brief form of words. When the
judge of whom he has spoken so rudely stood in
his own place the Senator was not more worthy
than this, to stand at the door of hischamber.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
there being, on a division—ayes twenty-one, noes
not counted; and the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H.R.
No. 748) providing for a bust of the late Chief
Justice Taney to be placed in the Supreme Court
Room vf the United States. It requires the Joint -
Committee Of the two Houses of Congress on the
Library to contract with a suitable artist for the
execution', in marble, and delivery in the Supreme
Court Reora of the United States in the Capitol, of
a bust 6f the late Chief Justice Roger B. Taney;
and appropriates the sum of $1,000, or so much
thee$bf as may be necessary, tor this purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I objected to this joint reso-
lution some days ago, when it was reported by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Tkcmboli.,] "t'd
he was disposed to hurry it at once upon the
Senate, to the exclusion of important business.
I objected to It a ain to-day, but it was from no
indisposition to uiscuss it,
I know well the trivial apology which may be
made for this proposition, and the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson]hasalreadyshown some-
thing of the hardihood with which it may be
