1014
TOGffi: A;L OliOBl.
February 23,
to pass an appropriation to do honor to the Dred
Scott decision or to its author. Mr. President,
I have been compelled sometimes to say some un-
pleasant things about the Supreme Court,things
that I wish 1 could not have been compelled to
say, and now'I wil! tell you another fact about
this Dred Scott decision; and bad as I think of
the decision itself, 1 do not think so bud of it as
I do of the faet which I am going to read, and
read from the official report. I may do injustice
to these men's motives, but I hope not. I want
it now understood, if there is any fcieod of the
court here, that I am speaking of the' court as
an abstraction, not of its members. • The report
of the case says that it " was argued at the De-
cember term, 1855, and ordered to be reargued
at the present term," that, is, December, 1856.
That is the fact to which 1 allude, and which I
am going to illustrate and explain a little. In
December, 1855, the awakened public sentiment
of this country was arrested and drawn to the
very alarming encroachments which the slave
power was making in its mad efforts to extend
itself into the Territories of the United States, to
usurp exclusive control over those Territories for
the uses and purposes of perpetuating andextend-
ingslavery. That sentiment had made such great
progress in the public mind that it developed it-
self in the organization of a party which nomi-
nated soon after a candidate for the Presidency,
John C. Fremont. These things were as well
known and foreshadowed in 1855 as they have
been known to history since. The Supreme Court
of, the United States was at that time the thrall
uf slavery, just as much so as Gurth, the son. of
Beowuiph, and Wambos, son of Witless, that
had a ring about their necks by which they were
marked" born thrallof Cedrie,of Rotherwood."
The Supreme Court, the thrall of slavery# did not
think it prudent to publish the decision which'
they made at December term, 1855, and for what
reason ? There was a presidential election com-
ing on in the fall of 1856; and if the decision had
been made at the sitting of 1855, and the public
had known it; if the decision which was after-
ward proclaimed in 1857 had been declared in
1855 or the early part of 1856 the sage of Wheat-
land would now be an ex-Senator instead of an
ex-President. The Supreme Courtkept back the
decision. The matter was fully argued at the
term of 1855. There was noquestion about com-
plexion that might not as well have been decided
then as after, but after it was argued in 1855they {
dared not, in the interest of the Democratic party, j
proclaim the decision, and they resorted to this i
dodge: j
" It was now argued by Mr. Blairand Mr. G. F.Curtis"— i
By the way, I want to do justice to the name ;
of Mr. Curtis, and call on all the world, to notice |
that the reporter has not got his name right; itis I
G. T. Curtis, not G. F.— I
"for the plaintiff in error, and byMr.Geyor and Mr. John- j
son tor the defendant in error." J
Notwithstanding the luminous arguments that
were submitted to the court at the December term
of 1855 the court were not ready to make a decis-
sion; they virtually said "Put the decision off
till after the election, which comes on before the
next term of the court; then the Democratic party
will have the benefit of our decision, and escape
the odium of it." Thatis the way that 1 read the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States,
because I bciitve that men do not act without a
motive, and there is no other possible motive to
be assignetr.
They put it off, they held this decision in sus-
pense, and I remember that the gentlemen who
were associated together at that time in the Free
Soil or Republican party, whenever they under-
took to intimate that such a decision as was
afterward made would be rendered, were met with
indignant denial and remonstrance, and it was
said the court would never decide anything of
that sort. Things went on, the election of 1856
occurred, Mr. Buchanan was elected, and then
the Supreme Court did not want any more light
™ tne subject; then they dccided just exactly as
they did decide, and just exactly as they would
not decide if they had to decide it now^
I believe that this decision is discreditable to
Judge Taney ; I do riot say it is disgraceful. 1
believe it is discreditable to him. I believe it wis
a reproach to the civilization and the humanity
of. the ago, and if I may bo permitted to nay it
! without the imputation of arrogance—and 1 wil!
| say it if 1 am submittted to that imputation—! be-
lieve it was not only a reproach to the civilization
and humanity of the age, but was a perfect parody
on the Constitution, and anybody who will read
the dissenting opinions of Jtidge Curtis and Judge
McLean, it seems to me, cannot help coming to
that conclusion.
Now, sir, I think the most that can reasonably
be asked of those v!ho entertain views such as I
do, and I do not know that anybody else does, is
that we let Judge Taney alone, let his memory
alone, let his fame go for what it is worth, and
Jet impartial posterity, which does not fail as a
general faet to do justice to the character and the
motives of men, be left to do that justice to Judge
Taney; but do not let us in our'mistaken kindness
for the memory of the dead or the feelings of the
living—do not, in Heaven's name, let any friends
of right, of justice, of liberty, anil of downtrod-
den humanity, give the lie to what they have said
again and again upon this subject, and what I
trust they believe, by voting this extraordinary
honor to the memory of Judge Taney.
Mr. President, it is said, and perhaps truly—I
have no doubt of it—th t every Chief Justice that
has heretofore sat there has been an eminent, ex-
cellent man. 1 believe that Chief Justice Mar-
shall was such a man; I believe that Chief Justice
Jay was such a man. If I were called upon now
to vote a marble bust to the memory of those
men I would willingly do it. But, Mr. President,
I should feel that 1 had done them no honor any
more than the man who makes the register, and
puts their names in to show that they have been
Chief Justices. I should do no honor to the mem-
ory of Marshall or Jay if at the same time that I
voted a marble bust to them I voted a marble bust
to the memory of the author of theDred Scott decis-
ion. I want, sir, to mark my disapprobation and
condemnation of that now, here, forever, and a! ail
times. 1 am not afraid that an impartial posterity,
I am not afraid that the considerate, thinking, re-
flecting men of the presertt day, will accuse me of
tiny hyena-like ferocity on the ground that I want
to prey upon the fame, character, and reputation
of the dead. I do not want to do so; and I have
not said what I have said from any such feelings,
but I have said it because I want to vote upon
this subject consistently and as I believe my duty
is, and for that reason I have assigned these as
the motives that will govern me.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have no heart
to follow any man to the grave with reproaches,
nor to dishonor his name or defame his memory.
I heed that voice of nature that bids us deal gently
with the errors of humanity when the grave has
closed forever. But I am impelled by an imper-
ative sense of duty to vote against this joint reso-
lution to perpetuate in marble the features of the
judge who pronounced the Dred Scott decision,
that greatest crime in the judicial annals of the
Republic. Sir, it seems to me that the loyal mil-
lions of the nation who were horrified eight years
ago by the promulgation of the blackest crime
against man in Our history will be surprised to see
the Senate of the United States, on this, the 23d
day of February, 1865, voting honors to the au-
thor of the judicial usurpation that enthroned the
dark spirit of slavery from which the slave-mas-
ters leaped into this bloody rebellion. Sir, eight
years ago the people, the humane, Christian peo-
ple of A menca, were horrified when that decision,
which blasted the hopes of a race and allowed
slavery to pour itself out without restraint, was
pronounced. From that hour to this that decision
has been the abhorrence, the scoff and jeer of the
patriotic hearts of America. The people, theloyal
people of our struggling country, condemn that
Dred Scott decision as a violation of the spirit of
the Constitution of their country and an outrage
upon our common humanity. Yes, sir, the people
who sent us here are, by an uncounted majority,
against that judicial crime and its author. Yet we,
the chosen representatives of a people who have
reversed that unrighteous decree, trampled it
beneath our feet with loathing and scorn unut-
terable, sitting here in the closing hours of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress,yvith an empty Treasury,
with f130,000,000 due the heroes of the Republic
who are fighting, bleeding, dying to defend their
country, menaced by armed treason born of the
Dred Scott decision, are consuming precious
timsiMid giving our voices and votes to tuku £1,000
j out of the pockets of the pi-opl.-, to keep out of
. the hands of our soltlit-r.i, ouwh etched to receive
! them, $1,000 to set up a !uu-,t to the memory of
> the man who did more than ail 'oilier men that
ever breathed the air or trod the soil of the North
American continent to plungS the nation into this
bloody revolution. TheDred Scott decision, pro-
claimed when the aggressions of the slave-masters
had reddened the sodk of Kansas, enthroned the
slave power, from which it leaped into revolution.
You know, sir, and 1 know, that when the slave-
masters had raised the banners of civil war, Ji(dg8
Taney, who had been swift for thirty years to
utter their decrees, had no aid to give his strug-
gling country, lii its hour of humiliation, trial,
and agony, he never gave one cheering word nor
performed one act to protect or saye. He sank
into lus grave without giving a cheering word or
a helping hand to tiic country lie had vainly sought
to place forever by judicial authority under the
iron ruk: of the slave-masters. His sympathies
and feelings were ever with the class whose-will-
ing instrument he had been for more than a gen-
eration.
Sir, it is not in the power of the Congress of
the United States to affect his reputation with the
present or with the coming ages. Laudations,
statues, and busts will be as impotent as were the
eulogies pronounced by a few conservative gen-
tlemen in the Supreme Court-Room a few weeks
ago- You may, sir, erect statues to him; you
may pass resolutions, you may pronounce eulo-
gies; but the future, the coming future, grand and
great, of emancipated, disenthralled, and regen-
erated America will place him just where it will
place oihers who were recreant to liberty and
humanity. That future will declare that he nur-
tured i he spirit of slavery, strengthened its power,
enthroned it, hedged it around with judicial au-
thority, till it, in the pride and arrogance of its
jiower, raised its hand against the nation, and
rushed headlonginto the fireand blood of eivil war
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, 1 was a little
surprised at the course taken by the Senator from
New Hampshire. He was a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and, as far as I recollect
—he will set me right if I am wrong—he did not
express a word of dissent to this report. Itwould
have been but fair to the committee, f think, if
he had determined to oppose this bill, or thought
that it was one which should not be passed, that
he should have given us some notice of it, that
we might have tried if we could to set hurl right,
or have been ready to hear him when he should
think proper to assail it in the Senate. But, irre-
spective of the fact that he took no part against
this bill in committee, but, on the contrary, as-
sented to it, I am not so much surprised at his
opposing it now, because, for the last twenty
years his favorite topic has been the Supreme
Court and the abuse of it. Long before the Dred
Scott case was decided he came to the conclusion
that, if there was honesty on the bench, there was
nothin^but folly. He brought to the test of she
wisdom which should illustrate that bench his
own high standard; and believing that some of
its members were below himself he came to the
very rational conclusion that they were not fit to
be members of that tribunal.
Now, sir, as to the other fact on which he re-
lies, that the court designedly kept buck the de-
cision until 1856 for a corrupt purpose, I ant
amazed that the honorable member should yield
to such a suspicion. The case was argued late
in the term of 1855, and the court supposed that
the argument had not been exhausted, and they
directed a second argument, and the second argu-
ment was-made by counsel who did not appear
in the first, and the court made the decision just
as soon after the argument as it was expected,
they would make it. That honorable member,
[Mr. Hale,] and he who spoke last, [Mr. Wil-
son,} and the ofher from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] have thought proper to say that the late
Chief Justice was the author of this wicked opin-
ion, this horrible opinion,-this opinion that re-
volts the humanity of the country f He was but
one of eight or nine judgrswlio concurred with
him. It was concurred in by that man whose
purity no one will dare to question, who has stood
out loyal against all the influences of his own
section and is now upon the bench, Mr. Justice
Wayne. Mr. Justice Catron, who ia as loyal as
cither of the honorablo membura from Masrsachu1-
