250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
that I place our consul at Halifax in the same cat-
egory with our consul at Bordeaux, only perhaps
his case is a stronger one even than the one at Bor-
deaux. I think that the public service requires that
our consul at Halifax should be better paid than
he is now. We pay our consul at Nassau $4,000
a year to watch blockade runners, to take care of
the interests of this Republic dealing with the re-
bellion. Our consul at Halifax has precisely the
same interests to watch, and I think that he is
subjected to expenses full as large as those of our
consul at Nassau. I shall therefore vote for the
proposition of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only reason given for
the increase of this salary is that the business of
this consulate has increased. That can be said
in regard to every officer of the Government, civil
and military, with scarcely an exception. The
only reason the Senator from Massachusetts gives
for the increase of the salaiy is that the duties of
the consul at Halifax are equal to the duties of the
consul at Nassau. We yielded to the argument
of the Committee on Commerce last year by in-
creasing the compensation of the consul at Nas-
sau; and if we yield to the argument now, with-
out any specific reasons given for it, we cannot
resist the argument in the future in other cases.
I hope that if we set a bad example last year we
shall not renew it now. I am satisfied that this
increase, if made, will only lend to additional de-
mands from other consuls .who were quieted by
the action of the Senate at the last session, and
that it is safer and better for us to leave these con-
suls to their present salary. I will here say that
if the consul at Halifax is dissatisfied with his
present compensation, I will agree to find about
fifty applicants from my own State who will be
very willing to take the office and discharge the
duties.
Mr. SUMNER. Would the Senator's candi-
dates discharge the duties?
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe they would.
Mr. SUMNEIl. 1 doubt it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The .Senator from Ohio
thinks we made a mistake last year in increasing
the salary of the consul at Nassau. The fact was
that that consulate had gone begging for more than
two years; we could notgotapioperman to take the
office, and we were compelled to raise the salary
in order to induce a competent man to go there;
and it was the opinion of the Committee on Com-
merce that it was for the interest of the Govern-
ment to pay whatever amount was necessary to
secure the services of a first-class man. It was
remarked, I think, by one or two gentlemen on the
committee that a lirsf-class man for the place could
not be got for less than $10,000, and that if the
fact were so it would be for the interest of the
Government to pay that salary. The consulate
at Halifax is of almost equal importance to the
Government. I do not know the gentleman thi:t
fills the place. I never heard of him until the
Senator fiom New Hampshire named him to me;
but it is my opinion that you cannot keep then-
a suitable man, a competent man, a proper man to
look out for the interests of our Government and
our commerce without paying an increase of sal-
ary. That is my judgment; 1 may be mistaken; but
it is for the Senate to decide, I think the ease at
Halifax nearly as strong as that at Nassau. These
are the two ports from which nearly all the block-
ade running is carried on, and at each place the
closest watching is required, and we want the
greatest ability we ran obtain for the consul, i
hope the salary recommended by the committee
will be allowed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. Doohttfe, Furweli,
Hale, Hicks, Howe, Morgan, ltamfecy. Riddle, Simmer, and
Van Winkle—12.
NAVti—Messrs. Brown, r uek;Uew,C!aik,Coliamer,Con-
ness. i)avi-, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Gtirnep, Harlan, {Jam*,
Henderson,Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesnitih, i'onicioy,
Powell. Ricliard-on, fSaulsbury. Sherman, rfprague, Ten
■Dvck, Trumbull, Wade, WiHoyi and Wilson-—27.
AGrittNT—Mes.-rs. Carlile, Cowan, Ilanlmg, Hendricks,
Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougali, Moiriil, Wilkinson,
and Wright—10.
So the amendment v/as rejected.
Mr. FOOT. I propose an amendment to this
bill of rather an unusual character, tor it does not
propose to increase anybody's salary, but pro-
poses to dispense with one altogether. The amend- '
ment I propose is in the eightieth line, to strike
out the words" Saint Lambert and Longuciul."
These are two small French hamlets on the op-
posite side of the river from Montreal, and con-
nected with Montreal by the Victoria bridge, and
for all practical purposes are part of Montreal.
There is no occasion, no necessity, for a consulate
at that point; there is no practical convenience to
be subserved by it. I move to strike the names
of those places out of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting before "Mexico," in the tenth line, the
words "the republic of," so as to read " the
republic of Mexico.99 1 move this amendment
because as this bill now stands the appropriation
is equivocal. The clause where the woid " Mex-
ico occurs is that clause appropriating for the
salaries of our various ministers abroad and enu-
merating the countries to which they are sent.
As is well known to every memberof the Senate,
there are two Governments in Mexico; one of
them is recognized by us and we have diplomatic
relations with it; I do notknow that we have any
relations whatever with the other. When we ap-
propriate for the salary of a minister to Mexico,
it seems to me we ought to make it certain to
which Government he is to go. 1 do not suppose
that any gentleman here intends to recognize the
empire of Mexico, as it is called, by making an
appropriation to send any diplomatic agent to
that empire. We have not recognized it; we
have no diplomatic relations with it; and there-
fore, unless we mean to act blindly, and not to
designate precisely what we intend to do, wo
should say whether we intend this appropriation
to go to the payment of a minister to the old re-
public of Mexico, or whether we intend it to go
to support a diplomatic agent or minister to the
empire that is pretended to have been established
there. 1 do not exactly know what is the rank
of our representative in Mexico, but I think he
is called a minister of the second class. 1 suppose
this appropriation is intended for his payment;
but the language is equivocal; it does not certainly
express what it is intended to be applied to. 1
think, therefore, it is highly proper that this
amendment should be made. We certainly ought
to say to which Government in Mexico we mean
to send a minister; and 1 should regret exceed-
ingly if the Senate should conclude now to make
an appropriation for a diplomatic agent or min-
ister to the empire of Mexico. X wish to say m
the bill " the republic of Mexico," and then we
shall know precisely what we are about.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be lead a thiidtime. The bill was
lead the third time, and passed.
MASSACRE OK CHKYI3NN1S INDIANS.
On motion of Mr. IIAltLAN, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R.No. 93) in relation to the massacre of
the Cheyenne Indians was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that the
Committee on 1 ndian Allans have fully examined
this ease, though I have notheard any report from
the committee in regard to it. I have had some
letters from people in my own State and some
from Colorado lelating to it, but I have not heard
the other side; and it is always embarrassing to
me to be called upon to give a judgment without
knowing wha* one side has to say.
In the next place, I do not like to declare that
the ptivate soldiers, who were bound to obey
onlers, shall be deprived of all pay and emolu-
ments m consideration of having engaged in an
attack on Indians that they themselves could not
have prevented. I do not know that there is any
responsibility upon these privates at all. In fact,
although 1 have heaid one side of the case, 1 do
not know enough to bring in a verdict even against
Colonel Chivington. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs read us a letter from some
Indian agent which, taken by itself and standing
alone, would seem to convict him; but I have
seen so much since tins war began that 1 am not
inclined to make up my judgment on that alone.
During this war I have seen men one day con-
demned and the next day approved. On one
occasion we passed a vote of thanks here compli-
menting some of our officers, and in a little while
afterwards I heard of their being in Fort La Fa-
yette. We have been fickle; sometimes we have
condemned men without their having had their
side presented; and then we have approved and
applauded without waiting to hear all the facts.
I think this is a hasty and unwise way of doing
things. If Colonel Chivington has killed Indians
when he ought not to have done so, let the ques-
tion be investigated by somebody; let somebody
bring in a verdict and make a report. But to call
upon the Senate to strike him doWn m this way
(for this resolution directed to the Secretary of
War is virtually striking him down) seems to me
very extraordinary. 1 believe he has already
been arrested; at any rate I have seen a report of
that kind in the papeis. If the War Department
have already arrested him I do not propose, so
far as my vote is concerned, to add anything to
it by sending them this resolution. I do not know
enough about the case to defend him, but I do
know enough about it to know that we ought not
to strike at him until he has had an oppoitunity
of being heard, or somebody in his defense. The
letter from an Indian agent, or from Indian traders
out there, I do not think should be conclusive on
the subject. The committee may have some-
thing which I have not heard of. They may have
investigated and heard both sides, but i certainly
have not. I cannot vote for this resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. This resolution does not pro-
pose a judgment in the case against the colonel
who commanded this expedition or any of the
members of the expedition. It merely proposes
to suspend their pay until the facts can be fully
ascertained, and to take possession of the plunder
which it is said they have carried off from these
Indians. The official report from the agent of
this tribe has not been received, and may not be
received for months to come, on account of the in-
terruption of communication by hostile Indians
between the States and this Territory. The sol-
diers who were engaged in this enterprise were
chiefly, as we were informed, one hundred day
men, and were probably—I fear the fact may be
authenticated—organized with a distinct under-
standing that each member of the organization
should share in the plunder they might secure
fiom the discomfited; and it is said, and probably
with ti uth, that they returned laden with plunder,
each soldier with a pony or two laden with buffalo
robes, furs, trinkets, and it is said two or three
mules were loaded down with Mexican dollars
captured from their victims. This property ism
the possession, it is believed, of the members of
that regiment, and they will probably be paid ofT
and mustered out of scrvicc in a few days; long
before the facts m the case can be ascertained of-
ficially. If anything is done to rebuke this wrong
it must be done at once, and an order must be
communicated by telegraph across the plains.
I ought to state, I think, in this connection that
the policy of this Government in relation to the
Indian tribes for a long period has been that of
kindness; we have been appropriating millions of
money each year for the purpose of educating
arid instructing the Indian tribes on our borders
and in the plains; but that policy is being reversed
without any authority from the Federal Govern-
ment by the agents of the Government remote,
away fiom the capital; and 1 believe and think
every Senator from a frontier State knows that
they have entered upon an entirely different pol-
icy. They are now engaged in the extermination
of the Indians; and in conversation with these
men they say it is the only way to secure perma-
nent peace; they insist that these poor people,
whether at war or at pcacc with the United States,
must be destroyed. 1 have information that leads
me to suppose that this is the initiatory step to a
geiietal war for this purpose. I have no doubt
myself that Colonel Cui leton is at this moment
oigamzmg an expedition against the Camanche
Indians, the larger part of whom have been and
now are at peace with the white inhabitants of
New Mexico, for the puipose,as far as possible,
of exterminating them.
I do not feel disposed to-day to go into an in-
vestigation of the outrages that I think have Ueen
perpetrated, seemingly by the authority of the
Government of the United States, against the
tribes on the plains and m the mountains. It does
not receive the sanction of the military authori-
ties at the capital. I know that they are as averse
to this policy as any member of the Senate can
