1:865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
As I listened to the Senator I sras reminded of a
character known to the Roman church who figures
at the canonization of a saint, under the name of
I'Avocato del Diavolo, which' is nothing else than
Devil's Jtdvocate. The Senator may not-perform
precisely the same function, but the earnestness
with which he advocates a cause which has as
its inspiration the very spirit of evil suggests the
parallel. Again let me say that I am sorry to
be drawn into this debate. But they who seek
to canonize one of the tools of slavery are respon-
sible. Taney shall not be; recognized as a saint'
by any vote of Congress if I can help it.
The Senator has a! bad cause, and I inferred
that he thought so himself: first, because he talked
so loud, and secondly, because he became per-
sonal. A good cause would have been discussed
in a softer voice, and there would have been no
occasion for personality. But the Senator be-
comes personal easily. In the sweep of his move-
ment he brushed against my distinguished friend
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and also
against my colleague and myself, simply because
we could not join in the canonizationof the au-
thor of the Dred Scott decision. The Senator
from New Hampshire and my colleague have
already answered him in proper terms. But I
will say for my colleague what he could not'say
for himself. He can bear the gibes of the Sen-
ator because ha is not a lawyer. It is true that
he is not, like that Senator, a counselor of the
Supreme Court of the United States, but as an
observer in this Chamber, ! say fearlessly that
in all the duties of a Senator he is in every re-
spect the equal of the Senator from Maryland.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour pre-
scribed by the Senate for that purpose having ar-
rived, the Senate will now take a recess till seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION. ,
The Senate resumed its session at seven
o'clock p. m.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 667) to provide for two local
inspectors of steamboats in the city of New York,
and for two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois,
and to reestablish the board of local inspectors at
Wheeling, and also to amend the act approved
June 8, 1864, entitled "An act to create an addi-
tional inspector gf steamboats and two local in-
spectors of steamboats for the collection districts
of Memphis and Oregon, and for other purposes;"
A bill (H. R. No. 697) further to provide for
the verification of invoices;
A bill (H. R. No. 738) relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels; .
A bill (H. R. No. 780) to extend the provisions
of the firs^ section of "An act for the govern-
ment of persons in certain fisheries," approved
June 19, 1813; and
A bill (H. R. No. 781) granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use,of Govern-
ment piers in said harbor for the purpose of pro-
tecting said harbor. . :
The bill (H. R. No. 764) to incorporate the
Continental Hotel Company of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill (H.R. No. 579) to repeal a portion of
the joint resolution explanatory of an act to sup-
press insurrection, punish treason and rebellion,
and to seize and confiscate the property of rebels,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to put that bill
upon its passage. The Senate has passed the
same provision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on th'e Judiciary.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I see no object in referring
it. The same bill has been before the Committee
on the Judiciary, and the Senate has passed the
same provision incorporating it in another bill
that has been defeated in the report of a committee
of conference. There is no necessity for refer-
ring it. If the Senator objects to acting upon it
at this time, let it go upon the table for the present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know not wlmt part
the Senator took this morning in regard to the
disposition of a bill that came from the House of
Representatives, and the Senator from California
[Mr. Conness] informed the Senate that it had
already been considered by the committee of the
Senate, and when it was proposed to refer the
House bill he opposed the reference for the reason
that it had been considered by the Committee on.
Public Lands. The Senate overruled his motion
and sent it to the committeeas'a matter of course.
,1 only allude to it as a question of consistency.
- Mr. TRUMBULL.- This particular measure
has passed both Hbustes. It is not a measure
that now comes from the House of Representa-
tives for the first time, which would, as an ordi-
nary thing, and doubtless should be, referred.
This very identical thing, which is the repeal of
a part of a law, has been passed by the two
Houses. I will not urge action upon the meas-
ure now if the Senator objects and wants it to
go over, but 1 see no object in referring it; we
have considered the same measure in the Judi-
ciary Committee and reported upon it.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
CAPITOL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. DIXON. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 452) to incorporate the Capitol Hotel Com-
pany m Washington city, District of Columbia.
I am told that the parties are read y to proceed at
once to the erection of a hotel such as ought to
be erected in this city for the accommodation of
the public.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that motion be agreed
to will it displace the bill upon which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner! hasthe-floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
Mr. WILSON. 1 moved to have a session
this evening for the purpose of disposing of five
or six military bills that have been passed by the
House of Representatives, and I think we can
get through with th.em in half an hour.
Mr. DIXON. The bill which I have moved
to take up is one introduced by the Senator him-
self.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to proceeding
with other business so as'to displace the regular
order, but 1 have no objection to this bill coming
up informally.
Mr. DIXON. Yery well, let it come up in-
formally, by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONFESS. 1 think this bill can afford
to wait for a few days while we get other busi-
ness attended to of great public interest.
' Mr. DIXON. It is only a few lines.
Mr. CONNESS. I have been two weeks try-
ing to get the floor to call up a bill of great con-
sequence to my constituents.
Mr. DIXON. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take, up the bill 1 have named.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S.No.
452) to incorporate the Capitol Hotel Company in
Washington city, District of Columbia, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The cor-
porators are Charles C. Little and A. C. Wash-
burn, of Boston; George Folsom, Charles A.
Stetson, and Frank Moore, ot New York; Z. C.
Robbuis, of Washington, and their associates
and successors. The capital stock is not to ex-
ceed §1,500,000, divided into shares of $1,000
each.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HO0SE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills and
joint resolutions, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (Hj R. No. 690) to revive certain pro-
visions of the act entitled " An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved March 3,1815, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 729) to amend the act relat-
ing to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New
York;
A bill (H. R. No. 739) to regulate the fees of
custom-house officers, on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States;
._ A bilt (H. R. No. 783) concerning the'collec-
tion district of Salem and Beverly, in Massachu-
setts;
A bill (H.R.No.784) to amend an actentitled
" An act to regulate the admeasurement of ton-
nage of ships and vessels of the United States;",
and - - - '■
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to change the
name of the ship William P. Storer to Montana,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker-
of the House of Representatives had signed the.
flawing enrolled bills and joint Resolution: ■
A bill (S. No, 37) to prevent officers of the Army *
and Navy and other persons engaged in the mili-
tary and naval service of the United States from,
interfering in elections in the States;
A bill (H. R. No. 3D3) to authorize the cor-
poration of Georgetown to levy certain taxes;
A bill (S. No. 439) to change the name of
Dorsey Edwin Wiliiam Towson, of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to that of Dorsey
Edwin William Carter; and ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to encourage
enlistments and to promote the efficiency of the
military forccs of the United States.
REPORT OT A COMMITIEE.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands,to whom was recommitted the bill (S. •,
No. 373) to aid in the construction of a telegraphic'
line from St. Cloud, in''Minnesota, to the British
possessions, reported it with an amendment.
TOWN LOTS IN CAHFORNIA.,,,-
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed thy considera-
tion of the bill (S. Np. 380) to give?title to- the-
occupants of lots in cities and to \vr$ in the Stale
of California, the pending questigfl being on the
amendment reported by the Comftuttee on Public
Lands as a substitute for the bilfi
Mr. HENDRICKS/ ThiS'amendment was
proposed at the General-Land Office. The bill as
introduced by the Senator,.firom California was
referred to the Commissioner by the Committee on
Public Lands, and the Commissioner suggested
this as a substitute. I will say to the Senate that
the law of last year provided for the sale of coal
mineral landsat public sale atnotlessthan twenty
dollars an acre. This bill, prepared by the Com-
missioner, gives the right of preemption to per-
sons who are nowoecupying and developing coal
mines for general purposes, at twenty doMars.aa
acre.
The second section, in respect to towns now
built up, waives two things: first, the restriction
in quantity of six hundred and forty acres, which
was a restriction in the act of last year; and sec-
ond, as to the extent of the lots. The Govern-
ment is not interested in restricting the extent of
the towns under the law of last year, because the
larger the.town the more money the Government
gets; but I desire to suggest to the Senator.from
California, and also to the chairman of the Com-
mittee o'n Public Lands, whether there ought not'
to be some restriction as to the size of lots. It
will be recollected by the chairman of the commit-
tee that the bill of last year fixes the price-oftown
lots at ten dollars. This bill has no limitation as
to the size of the lots. Ought there not to be, in
view of that fact,some limitation?
-Mr. HARLAN. I think the suggestion of the
Senator from Indiana is a wise one, and I suggest
further to him that it might be made double the
size indicated in the law to which this is an
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to explain this second
section so that it may be understood. 1 have be-
fore me the act passed last year, which is to be
found on page 354 of the Statutes of that year,
and it provides that persons disposed to lay out a
town upon public landsnf theUnited States may
proceed by having a plat made, the whole area of
which shall 'not exceed six hundred and forty
acres, dividing it into lots of a given size, of a
given number of square feet, and that upon the
return of that plat to the land office, and from
the local land office, after being approved there,
to the General Land Office at Washington, the
'parties wishing to purchase those lots may do so,
and get a patent from the General Land Office
here at a price of ten dollars per lot. T-he max-
imum size of the lot is stated.
