1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29$
This is a very good act for the establishment
of all new towns upon the public domain, but it
happens not to be applicable to a State like ours
where our towns are already established and not
laid out in accordance with such a regulation, or
with such conditions. Therefore, upon consult-
ing the General Land Office in regard to it, the
Commissioner concluded that the old act had better
be amended by simply removing the restriction
as to the maximum size of each lot and as to the
maximum size of the area of the town or the
Whole plat. Perhaps in California there will be
not more than two or three towns that will ex-
ceed th« entire area of six hundred and forty acres'.
Those cases will be the city of San Jose, the city
of Benicia, and perhaps the city of PetaSvsma.
All the cities and towns, amounting to a great
many, in our State have been petitioning for the
pa3Si\geof separate acts giving them title. Itwas
deemed by the Land Office the safestplan and the
best to pass an amendment to the general act.
I do not know how you can regulate the matter
by doubling the size allowed here as the maxi-
mum size of each lot, because the lots in these
towns are not only various in size, but they are
various as to form, and it is proposed to accept
them as they are, it being quite impossible to
change them, they being now towns long set-
tled and upon which improvements exist. As
to the price to be paid for each lot in the case of
lots that exceed the maximum rate stated here, I
would have no objection to an increase; but the
object is not to get revenue from these towns, but
to give an opportunity to the owners of lots in
them to obtain title.
I desire to offer an amendment to the first sec-
tion, and if there be no objection I will offer it
now; and I beg to call the attention of the Sen-
ators who have had this matter under consider-
ation to the character of the amendment. 1 pro-
pose that it shail come in in the fifth line of the
first section, after the word "Jands," where 1
propose to insert the words " except on lands re-
served by the President of the United Slates for
public uses." If this reservation is not made,
the result would be that persons could carry on
their mining operations and get a title to reserva-
tions of the Government, which 1 do not wish;
and there is a ease to which I need not now call
attention that has specifically made this neces-
sary. I therefore offer this amendment to the
amendment of the committee.
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by inserting at the
end of the second section:
Jini provided'furtker, That the iots shall not'exceed in
&ise twice the size of the lots as fixed m the act to which
this is an amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state to the honorable
Senator that in the case of most of our towns that
would be a great grievance. Those towns con-
sist of little homesteads built upon the public
domain, surrounded by their little orchards, and
all their household gods are there. You propose
to draw a line ri?ht through a man's possession
and cutoff half of it, and say he shall not have it;
that the trees he has planted with his own hands
and the vines he has nursed for ten years past
shall not be his. 1 hope that will not be done. I
suggest to the Senator from Indiana that he allow
the price to be increased if necessary where there
is ail excess; but that is hardly an object. You
cannot reduce the size of these lots. It is pro-
vided that you shall allow them to make plats of
these towns and villagesaccordingto their present
boundaries, according to their present lines and
improvements. It is a matterof very small con-
sequence to the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. Will this amendment meet
the views of the Senator from California?
Provided, That the minimum price of any lot larger than
the maximum size named in tne act to which this is an
amendment shall be increased in proportion to the iu-
erea&ed size of said lot.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend that in many
cases the lot would not be worth the price.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shail be satisfied with
the suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands. I think that will accomplish
what I desire to accomplish by this amendment.
Mr. CONNfiSS. I propose under the circum-
stances to lay the bill over for the present and go
on with other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
BURLINGTON AND MISSOURI RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 123) to extend the time for construct-
ing the Burlington and Missouri River railroad In
Iowa, and filing a map of relocation.
Mr. HARLAN. This is.£ very small matter,
and I ask the indulgence of the Senate to put the
resolution on ita passage now. It merely extends
the time for completing certain sections of a rail-
road one year, and makes a little amendment in
relation to the time at which the company shall
file a map as to the relocation of tneirline. There
is nothing else in it, and it is important that it
should go through speedily.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
read three times,and passed. It proposes to ex-
tend for one year the time allowed by the eighth
section of the act of May 15, 1856, for the con-
struction annually of sections of twenty miles
each of the Burlington and Missouri railroad,
and to repeal the provisions of the*setond.seetion
of the act approved July 1, 1864, entitled "*An
act to regulate the compensation of registersrand
receivers of the land offices in the several States
and Territories in the location of lands to States
and corporations under grants of Congress,"
which requite that a map of the change of location
shall be filed with the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office within one year.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 175) to change
the name of the ship William F. Storer to Mon-
tana;
A bill (H. R. No. 630) to revive certain pro-
visions of the act entitled "Anact further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports'and
tonnage," approved'March 3,1815, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 729) to amend the act relat-
ing to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 739) to regulate the fees of
custom-house officers on the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States;
" A bill (H.R. No. 783) concerning the collection
district of Salem"and Beverly in Massachusetts;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 784) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to regulate the admeasurement of
tonnage of ships and vessels of the United States."
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to take up to-night
three or four military bills that have been passed
by the other House. 1 move first to take up the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) to provide for
the publication of a full Army Register.
Mr, DOOL1TTLE. With the indulgence of
the Senator from Massachusetts I desire to state
that after he gets through with his military bills
to-night, or if we cannot have time then, to-mor-
row in the morning hour I shall move to take up
a very important bill m relation to Indian affairs
in the Indian Territory that requires immediate
action. That Territory is in a terrible condition
as it now stands, and is costing the Government
a very large sum of money. We hope that an
organization of the Indian tribes properly under
something in the nature of a civil government
may in some measure in all events prevent the
continuance of this condition of things. I desire
now to call the attention of the Senate to that bill,
which was printed and laid on our tables to-day,
and I want to have it- acted on to-night after the
Senator gets through with his bills, if we have
time.
The moiion of Mr. Wilssn was agreed to, and
the joint resolution (H. Rs No. 169) to provide
for the publication of a full Army Register was
considered as in Committee of the* Whole. It
| proposes to require the Secretary of War in con-
| necdon with the Army Register for the year 1865,
i to cause to be printed and published a full roster
or roll Of ail general, field, line, and staff officers
of volunteers who have been in the Army of the
United States since the beginning of the present
rebellion, showing whether they are yet in the
service, or have Leen discharged therefrom, and
giving casualties and other explanations proper
for such Register. And to defray in whole or in
part the expenses of this publication, an edition
of fifty thousand copies of soch enlarged Register'
is to be published and may be sold to officers,
soldiers, or citizens,at a price which shall not more
than cover the actual cost of paper, printing, and
binding, and shall not in any case exceed oaedol*
larper volume.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the joint resolution with amend-
ments.
The first amendment was to strike out in lines,
three and four the words " iirconnection with th«'
Army Register for the year 1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" at any time" before " since" in line eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word " re-
bellion," in line nine, to insert " including all in-
formal organizations which have been recognized
or accepted and paid by the Government of the
United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in !in« fourteen, to,
strike out "fifty" and insert " twenty-five," so
as to re$d " twenty-five thousand copies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Themext amendment was after the word " bind-
ing," in line eighteen, to strike out the words
" and shall not in any case exceed one dollar per
volume."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thejoint resolution was reported totheSenate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be en-1
grossed, and the resolution read the third time.
Thejoint resolution was read the third time,and
passed. COLLECT, JR.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 171) in the matter of Sergeant
Daniel Collett, jr., deceased, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Secretary of War to cause the name of
Daniel Collett, jr., who died of wounds received'
in battle, to be entered and borne upon the rolls of'
the Army as a first lieutenant ofthe fortieth regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infan try from the 9th of May,
1864, the date at which he was commissioned^
that office by the Governor of the State of Ohio,
the same as if he had been on that day mustered
in as such first lieutenant.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. •
CANAL SURVEYS.
On motion of Mr.WILSON, thejoint resolution
(S. R. No. 118) to authorize surveys to be made
with a view to the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Nmgara, to deepen and en-1
large the Illinois and Michigan canal, and im-
prove the navigation of the Illinois river, to im-
prove the Upper rapids and Lower or Des Moines
rapids of the Mississippi river, and-to improve
the navigation of Fox and Wisconsin rivers, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the President of the United States to direct that
competent engineers beemployed for the purpos®
of making the necessary examinations and sur-
veys with a view to the construction of a ship-
canal,as a military work for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, around the falls of
Niagara, in the State of New York, commencing
at some convenient point on the Niagara river,
above the falls, and terminating at some conven- .
ient point below upon the same stream, or upon
the shore of Lake Ontario; to make the necessary
examinations and surveys with a view to deepen
and enlarge the Illinois and Michigan canal, sup-
plying the same with water from Lake Michigan,
and to improve the navigation of the Illinois and
Des Planes rivers m such a manner ag to insures
safe and uninterrupted navigation between Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi river for nwval and
