1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
speaking of the Oregon wars now, be it remem-
bered, but I dare to speak of what has transpired
in my own State—and I say these wars have
been fomented by the miserable kind of human
fungi that now hang upon the vitals of the nation
making money and crying for money when no
man could tell whether the nation should live
or die; and they were instituted for plunder,
carried on with the hand of murder, maintained
by the basest cowardice that the human mind can
conceive, because the blows were directed at those
that could not and had not the power to strike
back.
Now, sir, this is a step, I undertake to say, in
the right direction; and in human nature's name
I thank the honorable Senator from Iowa for pro-
posing that for once the pay shall stop until the
investigation shall be made, and that it be imme-
diately made, and we ascertain whether this was
a barbarous laid contemplating rapine and mur-
der, and nothing else, or whether it was a justi-
fiable act. One of its consequences is the inter-
ruption of our overland communication. I was
going to say (but I will not discuss that) that I
do not know that these things are necessary to
the interruption of our overland mail. It is con-
stantly interrupted; we have really no overland
mail; and when it fails for want of carrying on
the service, although the parties having the con-
tract are paid for carrying it on, they make these
Indian wars and disturbances on the plains an ex-
cuse. If they fail to feed their horses, if they faii
to provide the means of carrying the mail, a re-
port that the Indians have taken a station and de-
stroyed a portion of their stock is sufficient to
account for the failure of the public service in that
regard.
Mr. President, we have an Indian department
in this Government; we have been conducting it,
I will not undertake to say how long. As the
Senator from Oregon said, we have taken the
country of the red man. 1 agree with him that
it belongs to the white man, rather because it is
God's and we are His children, and we can put
it to the higher and better use; but we have
adopted a system of taking it from the Indian,
and of taking care of him; and I undertake to
say that our system, adopted and carried on at an
immense expense, is thus far a complete failure;
that it gives us a record of men appointed to look
after the Indian who take advantage of the Indian
to rob him and to plunder him, to incite him to
acts of outrage by robbery and staivation and
then holding the Indian responsible for what shall
occur.
I hope, sir, that this resolution will be adopted.
It does not propose to punish anybody; it pro-
poses to stop the pay of these parties until their
conduct has been investigated, and to have that
investigation made immediately. Are these men
to suffer any more than our brave soldiers who
are in the field, and frequently not paid for months
together? Why, sir, that such a charge should
be made by a Senator, that the information should
come to him verified in a sufficient manner to war-
rant this proceeding, it seems to me, should not
make a question as to the propriety of the act by
the Senate. Let us resolve to take the initiative,
and to take the steps necessary to see hereafter
that justice be done by compelling the white man
to do right as nearly as we can.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this resolution does not attack the
proper place. The resolution proposes to stop
the pay of the privates who, under the lead and
direction of officers, did the acts which they were
•commanded to do, while the chief officer is not
assailed at all. The Governor of the Territory
called into existence by his proclamation this force
for the purpose and with the direction and under-
standing that the pay the soldiers weie to get
should be the plunder taken from the Indians.
This resolution proposes to stop the pay of the
soldiers. It proposes to let the pay of that Gov-
ernor who culled them into being still go on. No ;
proposition is made to investigate the conduct of
that Governor who is under the control of the
Administration, while you propose by the reso-
lution, upon information that you have, to with-
hold tiie pay of the private soldiers acting under
the direction of the officer of the Governor. It
seems to me that the first persons to be attacked
should be the Governor, who called these troops
into being, and the officer who gave them the
direction to pursue the course which they did
pursue.
I cannot vote for a resolution thatproposes thus
to condemn the private who acta under orders,
while it leaves the commander, the director of the
enterprise, to receive his pay and pass no censure
upon him.
I will add further, Mr. President, in reference
to this matter, that, in my opinion, this is not the
place to investigate and to act upon that which
properly belongs to one of the Departments of the
Government, over which it has full control, and
which I doubt not it will investigate and then apply
the proper remedy. This whole thing, as faras the
military is concerned, is under the direction of the
War Department, and I doubt not it will discharge
its duty.
I condemn, as strongly as the Senator from
California or the Senator from Iowa, this assault,
if it was such as they have described, upon women
and children, 1 care not to what race they belong.
While I condemn that, if the state of fact be as
they say, I must give it as my opinion that in a
war with Indian tribes it is impossible to make
that war effective unless you drive the warriors to
the villages where their women and children are.
I have no great admiration for the Indian char-
acter. You may trace the whole history of the
race,and there are, I apprehend, very few instances
where the Indian has respected even his benefactor
when it became his interest to destroy him. My
experience of them is that they arc the most treach-
erous, the most perfidious, the falsest of all people
that live on the face of the earth. Still, because
that is true it does not become us to apply to them
a mode of warfare that we, as a Christian and
civilized people,ought never to indulge in.
But,sir, in reference to this resolution, I can-
not vote for it, and I do not think it ought to be
passed in the shape in which it now is. I re-
peat that, in my opinion, the persons who aie
lesponsiole for tins transaction are the Governor
of the Territory and the commanding officer who
directed the assault, whoever he may be. The
censure and the punishment ought to fall upon
them, and upon them alone. I ask the Senator
from iowa, if the soldier, after he has enlisted,
is ordered by his officer or led by his officer, di-
rected by him to make an assault upon women,
upon children, upon anybody else, whether he is
not guilty of insubordination if he does not obey
the command of the officei ? Then, sir, I do not
see why it is or how it is that you can withhold
the pay of the private soldier. You may with-
hold the pay of the officers and ought to do it; hut
the resolution, in my judgment, goes too far; it
includes too many. I think if these charges are
found to be true, there is no punishment known
to our law that ought not to be inflicted on the
officers who commanded and directed the expedi-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Illinois seems to assume in hiaaigument that
the private soldier is bound to execute the orders of
his superior officer in war, whatever they may be;
that if the officer directs him to seize little chil-
dren, arid dash their brains out, or shoot down
defenseless women, he must obey; if he does
not, he is guilty of insubordination. Sir, I do not
believe in that doctrine. No court-martial in the
world organized to try a private soldier for diso-
bedience of orders or insubordination m notobey-
mg the order of an officer to shoot down defense-
less women, and seize the little infants from their
breasts, and dash their brains out, would find him
guilty of insubordination for refusing to obey such
an order.
Mr. NESMITII. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. NESMITII. Suppose a body of troops
are ordered to charge an Indian village in which
there are wariiors, women, and children, and a
soldier refuses to make the charge because he sup-
poses that the women and children there may be
killed, will that exonerate him from the punish-
ment of the military offense?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not the question.
The question is whether, when he is called upon
to attack an Indian village or make a charge, he
should, with his sword or his bayonet, strike
down women at the command of his officer ? I
say no. The rules of warfare do not require it;
military law does not require it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will permit me, I think he states my
proposition too broadly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps I do.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will not undertake to
say how far a soldier, where he is ordered to
strike down an individual, is justified in having
any opinion about it; but I do say this: that where
he is ordered to move in assault, he is guilty of
insubordination if he refuses to obey and places
that refusal upon the ground that it is dealing
with women and children.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not stand here to
insist that the private soldier can disobey an order
to make an assault; but, sir, when he makes the
assault and captures the place or the camp which
he is ordered to assault, he is not bound to strike
down women and children who in despair are
begging their lives, at the beck or bidding of any
officer, high or low.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not think the point
which the Senator makes is involved in the con-
troversy here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I was going on to refer to what I
understand to be the facts of this case uoon in-
formation which, while I do notavow thai I know
it to be true, comes from such a source that it
leads me to believe that it is true; at all events, in
my judgment, it raises the question sufficiently
to demand an investigation to see' whether it is
true or not. I understand from a letter addressed
and written to the city of Washington by the
agent of these Indians, that he had theseJndiana
in their lodges and encampments, under the pro-
tection of Fort Lyon, I think, and that this force,
which consists, as I understand, of one hundred
days' men raised in Colorado, under the command
of Colonel Chivington, marched a good many
miles, attacked this encampment, in which there
were no Indian warriors, and put to the sword
indiscriminately the women and children.
■ That is the statement of the agent of this tribe.
I know that agent. I believe him to be a gentle-
man who would not state anything that he did not
believe. The charge is such a severe one against
Colonel Chivington and those under his com-
mand that I will not vouuh for its perfect truth
and say that I know it to be true, but I will vouch
this much for the agent, Major Calley, who went
from my State some two or three years ago, and
whom I know personally very well, that he is a
man of truth and veracity, who, in my opinion,
would not state anything which he did not believe.
Possibly ho may have been misinformed, or made
some mistake about it, though I do not see how he
could make any such mistake; but he makes this
statement under circumstances that, in my judg-
ment, call for an investigation, and I for one am
not willing to pass it over without an examina-
tion.
But to return to the exact point raised by the
honorable Senator from Illinois against a portion
of this resolution, that it suspends the pay of the
privates as well as the officers under the com-
mand of Colonel Chivington, it seems to me no
rule of military law, severe as it is, compels the
private soldier when he makes an attack, and
women and children plead for their lives, to put
them to the sword. I know that when such at-
tacks are made soldiers very often, in the excite-
ment of the moment, will not stay their hands;
they will sometimes put to the sword both women
and children; but, sir, that they are justified in
doing it 1 do not believe. You may say that he
is guilty of insubordination if he does not slay
them when ordered to do so by his commanding
officer; but m my judgment he is guilty of mur-
der before God and man if he does. For my part,
under circumstances like those, I think the sol-
dier, and even the private soldier, should choose
to be insubordinate and run the risk of punish-
ment rather than be guilty, and have the blood
of muider on his hands in the destruction of the
lives of women and children.
Now, Mr. President, 1 understand the whole
effect of this resolution to be, not to establish a
charge ofguiltagamst Colonel Chivington and the
officers and men under his command, but simply
to say that such information has come before the
Senate and the country that we think there ought
to be an investigation, and that until such an in-
vestigation has been had by the proper Depart-
ment, the resolution would seem to imply that the
