$865. •
GrLQEB-
War vessels, and to improve -the !j npo.i' .rupi'tls and
Lower or Dos Moines rapids of the Mississippi
river; to make the necessary examinations and
surveys with a view to improve the Fox and Wis-
consin rivers, to .enlarge the canals, locks, and
draws on and b"e,tween those rivers,, and to con-
struct , such., additional works, thereon in-.such
manneras to furnishasuitableandsufiiqie&t water
communication for gunboats amlothernaval and
war vessels of the United States, between Lake-
Michigan , at Green Bay, and the Mississippiriver;
and to report a proximate estimate of the expense
of constructing such, works and makirig such al-
terations and improvements. Ten thousand dol-
lars is appropriated to,defray the expense of ,the
surveys, examinations,,and reconnoissances.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to a
•commission to survey these proposed improve-
ments and estimate the amounts which they will
cost, unless such a provision • is to carry with it
an implication that nothing more is to be done. A
bill has. been passed by the.-House of Represent-
atives for the opening of a. ship-canal between
the waters of Lake Michigan and those of the
Mississippi river; that bill is now pending in the
Senate, I believe. If we are to pass a bill or res-
olution directing a commission to go and survey
that route to ascertain what the expense is to be,
I should presume it was the understanding that
we were to do nothing with the bill which has
been passed-by the other House. Now, sir, it-
is a fact that; this route was surveyed several
years ago,, in the first place by engineers in the
employment of the State of Illinois, and since
that by aGovernmentengineer. The whole work'
has been platted; the number of yards of excava-
tion necessary to deepen the canal- to have the
requisite amount of water, the character of the
excavation, whether of rock or earth, and its prob-
able cost, have all been estimated for. Plats of the
whole of it have beenmade not only by the en-
gineers in the employment of the State of Illinois,
but by a Government engineer designated by the
President of the United States; and surely there
can be no necessity for delaying the work upon
that improvement for the purpose of making a
new survey. I am prepared to bring those sur-
veys to the notice of the Senate or of the com-
mittee, and show them that this whole ground has
been examined and as accurate estimates made as
can possibly be made of the character of the work'
to be dope, and all about it. Why you should
make an appropriation to survey the work over
again I d-o not know, unless it is with a view of
delaying, action upon the other bill. .
I cannot speak in reference to the other works.
This joint resolution relates to tjie construction of
a canal around the falls of Niagara as well as
the deepening of the canal between Lake Michi-
gan and the waters of the Mississippi river, and
it also has reference to an improvement of the
Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi and of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers. There are several
things in it. I did hope we were to have some
action upon the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives in.regard to to the Illinois and Michi-
gan canal, and I should .'be very glad if we could
take up and consider that measure. I do not
know whether the Senator from Massachusetts
designs to use this joint resolution for the purpose
of defeating that bill. I certainly have no objec-
tion .to' this measure unless it is to be used as an
excuse for notgoingon with the other and seeing
what we can do with it. It is,hardly advisable
to make an appropriation to go on and make a
survey of the route unless'the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has some reason to suppose that the
surveys which have been made are not accurate.
A survey has been made under the present Ad-
ministration since it "came into power, and we
have plats of the' whole improvement and every-
thing in regard to it.
Mr. WILSON. Various measures contem-
plating the construction of a ship-canal around
the falls of Niagara, the deepening of the Illinois
river and canal, the improvement of the.Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, and the improvement of the
Mississippi at the Des Moines rapids, were sent to
the Committee on Military Affairs. Whatever
may be the views of members of the committee
in regard to the expediency of completing any
one or all of these works, it was the opinion of
tlie committee that in the present condition of
the finances we,ought not to enter upon any of
them. TheeommUtee,however,did i otraportfor
oragainst these several propositions,<but reported
them back without any recommendation, and
also reported this joint resolution authorizing a
survey of these various works under, the direction
of the President, and appropriating $10,000 for
that purpose; and 1 am told by General Delafield
that this sum of money will accomplish theiob1"
jeet, and that the surveys and estimates can be-
made in a few months.
I say to the Senator from Illinois-thftt thepas-
sage- of this joint resblution will certainly .not-pre-
vent his moving to take up the bill referred to -by
him, or prevent any actioff Which he may choose
to take in regard to it; but.the committee did not
think in "the present condition of the country;
however important those works are to the coun-
try both as military andf commercial measures,
that we ought to enter on such-a great expendi-
ture at the present-time'. I am in favor of finish-
ing the improvement to which the Senator has
referred; I reported in favor of it at the last ses-
sion, and I believe that if it were completed to-
day at the cost at which it was estimated it would
add tens and hundreds of millions-of dollars to
the wealth of the country. Rut, sir, the question
with us now is this: we have a country to save,
rather than one to improve, and we- have got a
- Treasury that is quite too poor at the present time,
both in money and in credit, to enter upon any-
thing but necessary appropriations.
I think " the Senator from Illinois had batter
allow this survey to be made, and if it does not
apply to any great extent to thte lllinois canal- it
certainly does to the' Niagara falls canal and to
these other projects that" are regarded by their
friends as of great importance. The passage of
this resolution will not preclude the Senator from
making any motion he pleases in regard to the
bill referred to by him. It has not been reported
either for or against, but simply reported back
with a view of not prejudicing it in any w'&y
whatever. The committee were decidedly of
opinion'that no report they would make should
prejudice any one of these- measures befbre the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire'
of the chairman of the Committer on' Military
Affairs whether when the committee agreed upon
this joint resolution they had before them the
report of the engineers who were appointed
estimate the expense of making the improvement'
in 'Illinois, or whether it was known to the com"
mittee. I am aWare the Senator from Massachu-
setts must have known it; because it was Once
before that committee at a former sesision; but
was it brought to the notice of thecommittee that
this whole work had been carefully examined and
measured and estimated? If so, there should be1
some reason for making a new surveyt some ap-
prehension that the foriiier surveys were not cor-
rect. If there is anything of that kind'! Should
like to know it.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to theSenrttor that
we had the matter of the Illinois improvement be-
fore the committee on a former occasion, and 1
prepared a report in favor of it, and'the report of
the survey of Colonel, now General, Webster was
a portion of it incorporated into the report of the
committee. I do not think it was used by the
committee1 at this last examination, but-the mem-
bers of the committee all understood that a-great
deal had been done to get accurate estimates-of
the cost of tihe Illinois improvement. If that mat-
ter has been fully examined, certainly the Gov-
ernment will -spend no time or money in making
any further examination of it under this resolu*
tion; but in regard to the other three improve-
ments, the estimates are such that we cannot rely
upon them, and it will certainly do no harm to
examine and perhaps revise the estimates that
have been made in regard to the Illinois and
Michigan canal and the Illinois river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I said before, -I have
no sort of objection to the passage of this resolu-
tion unless it is to be used to defeat the other bill. I
understand the Senator from Massachusetts does
not put it upon that ground, but hethinfcs it ne-
- cessary to hfive a survey and estimate in regard
to the other improvements. I do not wish to be
committed or to have anybody else committed
against the other measure if this joint resolution
is passed. I should havepreferred to haveaetion
- on the other bill before this was called up, and I
was not aware that,the Senator from Massach^t
setts intended to call up this joint resolution at
the present time; • * -•
Mr. WILSON. I think you had better let" it
rMr. TRUMBULL;. I wwM-rather.it should
go-over and-l'et-the- other bill be acted on first'.' -y.
Mr.W-ILSON:. A-t-thesuggestion of the Sen?
ator I will let it go-over and call up another bill. .
The joint' resolution - wasS postponed until to-
rn orrowi , - - '
, AfcMY A"NB' SlEtllOAt CORPS.
" Mr.. WILSON.-, The-Oymmittea on. Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R.,No, 548).to increase the efficiency of
the medical corps of the Army, have.direeted me
to report it back withputamendment; and I ask
for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that'
the medical director- of an army in the field con-
sisting of two or more Army corps, and the medr
cnl director of a. military department in which.
there are United States general hospitals contain-
ing four thousand beds or upward, shall have the.
rank, pay,,and,emoluments of, a colo.^el ,of cav~.
airy; and that the medical-director of: an Army;
corps in -the field, or of a department in which
there are United States general hospjtalscontaini
ing less than four thousand beds, shall have the.
rank, pay, and emoluments of .a lieutenant colo-
nel of cavalry. This increased rank and pay are
only to> continue to medical officers while dis-*
charging such special duties; and the assignments
from time to time to such duty shall be at least-
two thirds of them made' from among the sur-
geons and assistant surgeons of volunteers.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would inform the Senate will be
the increased pay of these officers, and how many
of them will be increased. What is the necessity
of it ?
Mr. WILSON. The medical director of an
army in the field consisting of two or more corps
will be increased from a major to a colonel, and -
so with a medical director of a military depart-
ment were there are United States general hos-
pitals containing four thousand beds and upward.
I cannot tell how many armies we have, but where
ever there is an army consisting oS more than one
corps the medical director will' be increased in
rank;
I will say to the Senatorfrom New Hampshire
that the medical department of our Army has been
less cared for perhaps than any other portion of
the Army. Some of the directorsof large armies
after being in serviceforalong while,threeyears,
are simply majors, with the same rank and pay
with which they entered the service, and a great
many of our best surgeons are leaving the service.
They have no opportunity for promotion. No
service, no fidelity, brihgs-them an increase of pay i,—«
or any reward Whatever. Many of them are *
leaving the service and returning home, and it is
•with the greatest difficulty that we are getting the
necessary surgeons for the Army ;and unless some
action is taken I believe" a great many of our best
surgeons will leave the service, it is in the power
of a good surgeon to render immense service to
the country, and to save thousands and tens of
thousands of dollars in the Army and in the large
departments and hospitals. I think we ought to
'give them this promotion. I have held back on
this subject as long as I could do so with any sort
of sense of justice ,to these men; but the public
service demands that we should pass this little bill
which gives an increase to a few men; but they
are men who have been in the service a long while
and who have had no promotion, and who have
rendered great service to the country, who find
that their compensation does not support them-
selves and their families. The most eminent medi-
cal men refuse now to go into the Army because
if they do they lose their practice at home, and
learn that which when they return home will be of
no great value to them. I think as a matter of jus-
tice we ought to pass this bill. It was passed by
the House of Representatives at the last session,
and we have held it back here until this time.
Mr. HALE. I do not doubt anything the Sen-
ator states, but 1 want to call the attention of the
Senate to this bill. Thedifficulty is this bill -does
not remedy the evil the Senator complains of.
