1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
There have been no great resignations of medical
directors, nor of that very limited number who
will get increased pay by this bill. The Senator
did not tell us how much pay this bill gives, but
my impression is that it gives-something like a
thousand dollars; I am not certain; I have heen'so
told. The difficulty is not in the ranks of the men
whose pay you propose here to increase, but it is
among the regimental surgeons, those who are
not occupying such high posts, that the resigna-
tions which the Senator speaks of take place. I
happen to have some little knowledge of thissub-
ject, because I have ascertained that there is no
want of surgeons at the present time, and from a
circumstance which I will state. I know a very
fair surgeon, I will not say a distinguished man,
but a man who stands very fair, who was ap-
pointed by the Governor of Massachusetts as a
surgeon in one of their regiments. After he had
been in the field some time he had to leave not
long ago on account of bis health. He was a
mail of very high qualifications and had very high
testimonials from all the medical and other officers
of Massachusetts. He has recovered his health,
and finds it impossible to get service in the medical
corps again from the fact that there are no vacan-
cies for him, no place where he ran go in. That is
the case at this moment, so that I do not apprehend
there is such a want as the Senator thinks; and
if there are resignations taking place they are
taking place not among those whose pay will be
raised by this bill.
It is useless to repeat what I have said many
times before: I do not think this i3 the time to
largely increase or to increase at all the pay of
these men. I am opposed to it because I think it
is unnecessary and inexpedient, and if you pass
the bill it will not remedy the evil; there will be
just as much complaint among those who arenot
high up on the list as there is now. The truth is
that if there is any complaint, it is among sur-
geons who get small pay, and this bill does not
increase them at all; it only increases the medical
directors of armies. I hope it will not pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill. '
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas25, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buck-dew, Carhle: Chandler, Cowan,
Dixon, Doolmle, Foot. Foster, Harlan, Hendricks, FJovve,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana. Lai.e of Kansas, N>e, Pomeroy,
Powell, Sprrtsne, t?rewait, Sumner, Ten Eyek, TruinbulJ,
Willey. Wilson, and Wright—25.
NAYS—MeWrs. Farweil, Halo, and Riddle—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collamer,
Comtess, Davis, Crimes, Harding, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, MeDougali. Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Ramsey,
Iiichartiaon,S,iulsl>ury, Sherman, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Wilkinson—22.
So the bill was passed.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 600) for the better organization
of the subsistence department. It provides that
during the continuance of the present rebellion
the Secretary of War may, when in his judgment
it is necessary, assign to each geographical mili-
tary dnision, to each separate army in the field
consisting of more than one Army corps, to each
military department, arid to each principal sub-
sistence depot, not exceeding ten in number, an
officer of the subsistence department to act as
chief commissary of such military division, army,
military department, or depot,and also an o-fficer-
of the subsistence department as assistant in the
office of the Commissary General of Subsistence,
each of whom, while so assigned and acting,is to
hare the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel
of the subsistence department; and, in like man-
ner, may assign, for purposes of inspection or
ether special duty in the subsistence department,
commissaries of subsistence, not exceeding six in
number, each of whom, while so assigned and
acting, is to have the rank, pay,and emoluments
of a lieutenant colonel of the subsistence depart-
ment; and to each Army corps an officer of the
subsistence department to be chief commissary of i
the corps with the like rank of lieutenant colonel; -
and, in like manner, may assign to each division
of two or more brigades a commissary, who,
while so assigned and acting, is to have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a major of the subsist-
ence department; but when any one of these offi-
cers is relieved from such duty, his increased
rank, pay, and emoluments are to cease, and he
is to return to his commissioned rank in the sub-
sistence department; and the officers authorized
to be assigned by this act are to be selected from
the commissaries of subsistence who hold com-
missions or rank in the volunteer service only.
When within the limits of any geographical de-
partment there shall be not more than one Army
corps, in such case the chief commissary of- the
Army corps is to perform the duties of the depart-
ment commissary. During the continuance of
the present rebellion the President of the United
States may appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, as many commissaries of
subsistence of volunteers, with the rank of cap-
tain, as the exigencies of the service may require.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bili with an amendment, in section one, line
thirty, after the word " that" to insert the words
" at least two thirds in each grade of;" so that
the proviso will read:
■Ani provided further, That at least two thirds in each
grade of tbe officers authorized to be assigned by this act
shall be selected from the commissaries of subsistence who
hold commissions or rank in the volunteer service only.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
House bill excluded all regular Army officers from
promotion in this department, and this amend-
ment allows one third of these appointments to
be from the regular Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a provision in
the second section of this bill that X think ought
not to pass. The second section provides:
That, duringthe continuance of the present rebellion, ihe
President of the United States may appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, as many commis-
saries of subsistence of volunteers,with the rank of captain,
as the exigencies of the service may require.
That is an authority to the President to make
just as many of these officers as he thinks proper.
1 should like to know if it is not practicable to
limit that in some way. We all know that the
pressure upon the President and other officers of
the Government is such that a great many persons
are appointed to office whose services could be
dispensed with. We have in the Army, as is
known, general officers who are not on active
duty. At one time we had more than one hun-
dred generals appointed that Congress thought
were unnecessary, and they limited the number
afterward by law. Here is a provision to allow
the President to appoint as many commissaries
of subsistence as the exigencies of the service in
his opinion may require. It seems to me there
ought to be some limit placed upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois that is thelawat the present time. They
appoint just as many as they think necessary for
the public service, and they have appointed a great
many. But the Senator must remember that there
are a great many men who go out of the service.
I will state to the Senator, however, that there is
no need of that provision, and as the bill has been
amended and will have to go back to the House
of Representatives, I am perfectly willing rhat it
shall be stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that the
law now is that they may appoint as many as
they please?
Mr. WILSON. There is no limitation upon the
number that may be appointed, and they appoint
any number that they think necessary in that de-
partment to do their work. If General Eaton, of
the commissary department, notifies the Secre-
tary of War that he wants one, two, three, or any
number of these men appointed, owing to resig-
nations or increase of business, or anything of
that kind, they are appointed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Butthose that are appointed
in that way are temporary appointments. These
are to be permanent, as I understand, to be ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Mr. WILSOJT. They are all appointed in that
way. I think there is no need of the section, and
it may as well he stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no object in strik-
ing this out if thef in a provision of law of the
samecharacteralready. Whatldesire togetatis
to have a limitation somewhere,' If, asis suggested
by the Senator from Massachusetts, commissaries
resign or by any easuality leave the acrvice, of
course others would be appointed; but it seems
to me to bea very loose way of legislating to pro-
vide lhatthe President may make justas many of
these officers as in his judgment he shall think
proper. There ought to be a limit somewhere.
I do not know how many commissaries of sub-
sistence, with the rank of captain, are required.
Perhaps we need one for each regiment.
Mr. WILSON. No; oneforeach brigade, post,
and division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. I think the
lawought so to be that there should be any num-
ber of commissaries which the public service may
require, not exceeding one for every brigade and
military post in the United States. Some limita-
tion somewhere certainly ought to be imposed.
Mr. LANE,ofIndiana. 1 think it is wholly im-
practicable to limit the number of quartermasters
and commissaries. We might by law to-day say
that so many commissaries were necessary, and
to-morrow a larger number would be necessary.
As you extend your base of operations,at every
single military post it becomes necessary to ap-
point another disbursing commissary at that post.
If we should limit the number to-day, perhaps
we should cripple the service to-morrow, for we
might need then a much greater number than we
do now. I think a discretion must be left in the
President or in the commissary department to
appoint commissaries wherever they are neces-
sary. I should certainly be willing to restrict the
number if it were practicable, but 1 do not see
how it can be done. For instance, when our lines
were at Chattanooga we had disbursing commis-
saries up to that point; but at every succeeding
stage, wherever we made a base of supplies, we
needed another commissary, and so on as your
armiesadvanced. Itseems tome you will cripple
the service by restricting them to any specific
number. I do not know how many you will need,
and I think it is wholly impracticable to say how
many commissaries or quartermasters shall be
appointed.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois, further, that there are a large number of
acting commissaries, that is, officers of regiments
detailed to act as commissaries, and quartermas-
ters in the department. Some of them have been
acting for two years, and are pressing daily on the
War Department for promotion from lieutenancies
to captaincies, but it is very seldom that any of
these men are nominated. As they are doing the
work, the matter is allowed to go on just as it is
when a colonel is put in command of a brigade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out the
second section, at any rate.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and [
RAILROAD IN MICHtGAS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senate to take
up and pass a bill which is a mere matter of
form, to extend the time in which a railroad is to
be completed in Michigan, and in which Indiana
is interested. If there is a word of objection to
it I will not press it. It is Senate bill No. 463.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 4G3) to amend an act enti-
tled "An net to amend an act entitled 'An act
making a grant of alternate sections of public
lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State, and
for other purposes.' " It proposes to amend sec-
tion one of an act to amend an act entitled "An
act making a grant of alternate sections of public
lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads m said State, and
for other purposes," which amendatory act was
approved June 7,18G4, so as to make the last pro-
viso in the section read as follows:
Provided further, That the umft specified in the forirllr
Fortiori of the act hereby amended t'>r the completion of
said road shall be, and the same is hereby, extended eight
years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed
