1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
CONSOLIDATION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. DQOLITTLE. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 459, to provide for the consolidation
of the Indian tribes, and establish civil govern-
ment in the Indian Territory.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to .con-
sider the bill. It proposes to create and estab-
lish within the territory of the United States,
bounded as follows, to wit: on the north by the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas, on
the west by the eastern boundary of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico and the^Stote of Texas,
on the south by the northern boundary of the
State of Texas, and on the east by the western
boundary of the States' of Arkansas and Mis-
souri, a temporary government by the name of
the Indian Territory; but this government is not
to be permitted to interfere with or to affect in
any way the rights of any Indian tribe at peace
with the United States residing-and being in the
Territory, secured by treaty between the United
States and such Indians, without the consent of
the tribe or tribes, or to affect the authority of
the United States to make any regulations re-
specting such Indians, their lands, property, or
other rights, by treaty,law, or otherwise, which
it would have been competent for the United
States to make if this act had not taken effect;
and nothing in this act contained is to be con-
strued to inhibit the Government of tfrg United
States from dividing the Territory, or changing
its boundaries, in Such manner and at Such time
as Congress shall deem coriv&iient and' proper,
or from attaching any portion '6| it to any other
State or Territory of the United States, after the
Indian title shall have been extinguished, with
the consent of the Indians residing m the Terri-
tory.
The executive powerand authority in and over
the Territory is to be vested in a (Sovprnor, who
"is to hold his office for four years, and until his
successor is appointed and qualified, unless sooner
removed by the President of the United States.
The Governor is to reside within the Territory,
and to be commander-in-chief of the militia and
superintendent of Indian affairs. He may grant
pardons and respites for offenses against the laws
of the Territory,and reprieve for offenses against
the laws of the United States until the decision of
the'President ofthe United States caii be made
known thereon; he is to commission all officers
-appointed to office under the laws of the Terri-
tory; and to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed.
There is to be a secretary of the Territory, who
is to reside therein, and hold his office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President of
the United States; he is to record and preserve
all laws and proceed ings of the Council hereinafter
constituted, and all the fctcts and proceedings of
the Governor in his executive department; he is
to transmit one copy of the laws and journals of
the Council within thirty days after the end of
each session, and one copy of the executive pro-
ceedings and official correspondence semi-annu-
ally, on the 1st days of January and July in each
year, to the President of the United States, and
two copies of the laws to the President of the
Senate and to the Speaker of. the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the use of Congress, and one
copy to each Indian tribe located in theTerritory;
and in case of the death, removal, resignation, or
absence of the Governor from the Territory; the
secretary is required to execute and perform all
the powers and duties of the Governor during such
vacancy or absence, or until another Governor
shall be duly appointed and qualified to fill such
vacancy.
The legislative power and authority of theTer-
ritory is to be vested i n the Governor and a Legis-
lative Council. The first Legislative Council is to
consist of one member for each one thousand In-
dians or fraction of a thousand greater than five
hundred, being members of any tribe of Indians
lawfully residing in the Territory, to be selected
by the tribes, respectively, which may give their
assent to the establishment of the temporary gov-
ernment provided for in this act; and if none
should be thus formally elected, then to consist
of the chief or chiefs of the tribe or tribes, to be
taken in the order of thejr rank as recognized in
their tribal usages. The members of the Council
are to reside in and be inhabitants of the district
or reservation and members^jf the tribe for which
they may be elected respectively. Previous to
the firstsession of the Legislative Council the Gov-
ernor is to cause a census or enumeration of the
several tribes residing on reservations in theTer-
ritory to be taken by such perso'ns and in such
mode as the Governor shall designate and appoint,
and the persons so appointed are to received rea-
sonable compensation therefor, not exceeding
three dollars-per day for the time necessarily em-
ployed. After the census shall have been corri-
pleted, the Governor is to declare the number of
members of the -Council -to which each of the
districts or tribes is entitled under this act, and
the persons entitled to represent the districts or
tribes in the Council are to meet at such place and
on such day as the Governor shall appoint; but
thereafter the time and place of the commence-
ment of the regular sessions of the Legislative
Council is to be,fixed by the Council; but no ses-
sion in any one year is to exceed the term of thirty
days. The Governor is to appoint a suitable per-
son to preside at all meetings of the Council.
Every male member of any Indian tribe law-
fully. residing in the Territory, above the age of
twenty-one years, at peace with the United States,
and who has been an actual resident of the Terri-
tory for thirty days prior to the first election, is
to be entitled to vote in the selection of members
of the Council from the tribe of which he is a mem-
ber, and eligible to. a seat in the Council; but.tlie
qualifications of voters, and of members of the
Council, at all subsequent elections, are to be such
as shall be prescribed by the Legislative Council.
The legislative power of the Territory is to ex-
tend to all rightful subjects and matters pertain-
ing to the intercourse of the Indian tribes in the
Territory, and the administration of internal jus-
tice and the punishment of crimes, and the civil-
ization and improvement of thepeople, consistent
with the Constitution and laws of the United
States and the provisions of this act; but no law
is to b® in force providing for the sale, taxation,
or incumbrance of real estate, or the forcible col-
lection of debts, until approved by Congress, nor
is any tax to be imposed upon the property of the
United States; and no law, rule, or regulation
adopted by the Council is to take effect and be in
force u/itil it receives theapproval of the Governor;
nor is slavery or involuntary servitude to be per-
mitted in the Territory except in punishment of
crime whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted.
The judicial pow.er of the Territory is to be
vested in a supreme court and district courts.
The supreme court is to consistof a chief justice
and two associate justices, to be appointed by the
President by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, any two of whom shall constitute a
quorum, and who shall hold a term at the scat
of government of the Territory annually; and
they are to hold their offices during the period of
four years, and until their successors shall be up-
pointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by
the'President. The Territory is to be divided
into as many judicial districts as there are Indian
tribes in the Territory, and a district court is to
be held in each of the districts by one of the jus-
tices of the supreme court, at such times and
Elaces as may be prescribed by law or required
y the Governor; and the judges are, after their
appointments, respectively, to reside in the Ter-
ritory, at the place assigned them by the Gov-
ernor. The supreme and district courts, respect-
ively, are to possess chancery as well as common
law jurisdiction. Each district court, or the judge
thereof, is to appoint its clerk, who is also to be
the register in chancery, and to keep his office at
the place where the court may be held. Writs
of error, bills of exceptions, and appeals, are to
be allowed in all cases from the final decisions of
the district court.to the supreme court, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by law. The
supreme court, or the justices thereof, may ap-
point its own clerk; and every clerk is to hold his
office at the pleasure of the court for which he
shall have been appointed. Writs of error and
appeals from the final decisions of the supreme
court are to be allowed, and may be taken to the
Supreme Court of the United Slates, in the same
manner and under the same regulations as from
the circuit courts of the United States, where the
value of the property, or theam'ount in contro-
versy, to be ascertained by the -oath orafHrma:-
tion of either party, or other competent wit-
nesses, exceeds 11,000, except that a writ of error
or appeal is to be allowed to the Supreme Court
ofthe United States from the decision of the-su-
preme court created hy this act, Or of any jtfdge
thereofj'ot-'of the district courts created by this
act, or of any judge thereof; iipoii'&riy wri#'W
habeas corpus involving the question of personal
freedom. Each of the district coiirts is to have
and exercise the same jurisdiction, iii all cases
arising under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, as is vested itf'th^ circuit and difr- I
trict Courts of the United' States,-subject to the
limitations contained in this aet;%nd the first six.
days of every term of the courts, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary, is to be appropri-
ated to the trial of causes arising under the Con-
stitution and laws; and writs of error and appeal
in all such cases are to be made to the supreme
court of theTerritory the sarrie-'as in other cases.
The clerks are to receive, in all such cases, the
same fees which the- clerks of the district courts
of Washington Territory now receive for similar
services'. The supreme Court and circuit courts
are to recognize and enforce all laws,.rules, and
usages of each of the Indian tribes, lawfully re-
siding in the Territory, not inconsistent with thiS
Constitution and laws of the United States ahtl
of the'Legislative Cdunbil. !
There is to be appointed an attorney for the
Territory1, who is to contiriue in office four years,
and until his successor',shall be appointed ana
qualified, unless Sooner removed by the President
of the United States, and who is to receive the
same fees and salary as the attorney of the United
States forthe present-Territory of Washington.
There is also to be a marshal for the Territory
appointed, who is to hold his officefor four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and
qualified,unless sooner removed by the President
of the United States, and who is to execute all
processes issuing from the courts when exercising
their jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of
the United'States. He is to perform the duties,
be subject to the same regulations and penalties,
and be entitled to the same fees as the marshal of
the district court of the United States for the pres-
ent Territory of Washington, and in addition is
to be paid $200 annually as a compensation for
extra services.
All officers provided for by this act, executive',
legislative,'and judicial, before they act as such",
are respectively to take' ah oath Cr affirmation be-
fore the judge of a district court of the United
States, or of the Territory, or before the Chief
Justice or some associate justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and faithfully to
discharge the duties of their respective offices,
and an oath of fidelity similar to the oath now
required by law of members and Senators in Con-
gress; which oaths, when so taken, are to be cer-
tified by the person by whom the same shall have
been taken; and such certificates are tti be re-
ceived and recorded by'the secretary 6f theTer-
ritory among the executive proceedings; and af-
terward the like oath or affirmation is to betaken
by all civil officers holding'offices in the Terri-
tory, hereafter created by law, which is to be'eer-
tified and recorded in such manner and form as
may be prescribed by law. The Governor is to
receive ah annual salary of $2,500; the chief jus-
tice and associate justices $2,500; and the secre-
tary $9,000, which salaries are to be paid quar-
ter yeaily from thfe dates of the respective ap-
pointments, attheTreasury ofthe United States;
but no payment is to be made until they shall
have entered upon the duties of their respective
appointments, or for any'period of time during
which they may be, respectively,absent from the
Territory. 'The members of the Legislative As-
sembly are to be entitled to receive four dollars
each per day during their attendance at the ses-
sions thereof, and four dollars each for every
tweuty miles travel in going toand returning from
the sessions, estimated according to the nearest
usually traveled routes; and an allowance of eight
dollars per day is to be paid to the presiding offi-
cer ofthfe Legislative Council for each day he shall
so preside. A chief clerk, one assistant clerk,
one engrossing and one enrolling clerk, a ser-
geant-at-arms and doorkeeper may be chosen for
the Council. The chief clerk is to receive four
