THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 18C5.
New Series.....No. 17.
595, to amend an actentitled"An act for the pun-
ishment of crime in the District of Columbia,"
approved March 2, 1831.
SUPPRESSION OF TELEGRAPHIC DISPATCHES.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
present a communication from Samuel Wilkeson,
Washington editor of the New York Tribune,
calling attention to a subject of great importance
to the press; and I aslc that, by general consent,
it be read.
There being no objection, the communication
was received, and was read, as follows:
The undersigned represents to the Congress of the Uni-
ted Stiite^ that lie is the Washington editoi of the New
York Tnbune ; that as such lie «-eiit on tluee duToientdays
within tho current week to the office of the Arweiican Tele-
graph Company m this city, lor transmission to the Tnbune
in New Fork, telegrams announcing the lemoval of Gen-
etal llutler lioni the coiitmand of the army of the James;
thntthe'.e telegrams, wete notsentbutweie .suppressed: that
your petitioner Inw been informed that they weie suppressed
by an oider issued trom the War Department; that your
petitioner ha* reason to believe that a censorship of nowi-
papei telegrams has been established in the city of Wash-
ington without law, and that the same is exeicised therein
without responsibility, in violation ot the fieedom of the
pies«i, to the injury ot lawful business, in violation of the
lights ot pioperty, and in nullification of law.
Your petitioner fuither repiesents that this suppression
of the wws of tiie removal of General Butler extended to
and included die telegrams, announcing the same, sent to
all the uewhpapeis in the northern and western States by
then ioptl"«i:jit«itives resident in Washington; and that,
while this een-or-dup and supprp^mon weie in toieo in
Wus-hiuaton, the agent of one New York new^papei at the
headquatteis of die aimy of the Potomac had tree let and
iiconic accorded to lam to i-end to Iih papei Hill accounts
ol the said i emoval ol General Dutier, Willi extended cmn-
inenN then on; which licence he unpioved, and thereby
m'cui ed foi and ga\ c to in-, paper a inon« pi>l\ of t-ai d new  
ov'i ;tN the p:t[ier-. of the United Stntev, to the unjust in-
tcifeience with bu-ine<s and the violation of equity.
Youi petii[unci iheieiore piays lor the parage of a law
whieli shall place then.rhlfo u-c the tUogiuph on thcsanie
ground with tin* ri'jht 10 u^e llie mails, and that shall pun-
ish interference with and nuetniption or suppression ot this
nuht a^ law now punishes suppression or interruption of
and int'-ilerorice with the right to Use the mails of the
United Status. SAMUEL VVILK.12SON\
Washington, January 12, 1805.
The communication was, on motion of Mi.
KAfcSSON, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
INTERNAT, RE VENUE.
Mr. TIIAYEll, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a. i>fji to amend the act entitled "An act to
provide internal icvenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay iiitorcbt on the public debt, and for
other purposes-," approved June 30, 1864; which
w.*s read a first and second time, and leferred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
CONSIDERATION Otf PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask unanimous consent that
to-morrow, after the morning hour, shall be set
apart for private business, and be considered
objection day. That will ptobably be the only
op'po i (unity we shall have to consider private
business.
Mr. WASHUURNE, of Illinois. 1 object.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rejoiced, That there be printed thiee thousand extra
copies ot the coa^t suivey repoit lor Itb3.; two thousand
for t!)« u-e of the coa^t suivt-y, and one thousand lor tho
use of this House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the resolution was agteed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
ARMY RATION.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, presented
the petition of the enlisted men of the forty-ninth
regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers for a res-
toration of the former amount of the Army ration;
which was read, and referred to the CoronutCee
on MMitary Affairs.
NEW'POST ROUTE.
Mr. EEAMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Hillsdale, in the State of
Michigan, by the way of Frontier, to Amboy, in said State;
and tiiat they report by bill or otherwise.
AMENDMENT OF THE ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, by unanimous
consent, suomxtted the following resolution; wincli
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs bein-
strueted to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
enrollment act as to pumde that all peisons liable to the
diaft, who shall he waiter volunteer, shall be credited to the
town in which they aie enrolled; with leave to report by
bill oi otherwise.
VENTILATION OF THE HALLS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I move that by
unanimous consent the House take from the
Speaker's table, for action at this time, the con-
current resolution from the Senate that the joint
committee on ventilation and improvement of the
Halls of Congress be authorized to examine wit-
nesses and employ a repoi ter, and that the mem-
bers of the committees of the two Houses upon
Public Buildings and Grounds be added to tho
said joint committee upon ventilation, &c., for
the purpose of deciding upon any plan or propo-
sition of improvement which may be before said
committee for consideration.
Mi. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I object.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. COFFROTH moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was disagreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to amend an act entitled
" An net to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secuie to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," apploved July 1,18G2,and to amend
an act amendatory thereof, approved July 2,1864;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
feired to the select committee on the Pacific lail-
road.
WILLTAM HUTCHINSON.
On motion of Mr. WADS WORTH, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal fiom the files of the House of the petition
and papers in the case of Wj ilium Hutchinson.
UNITED STATES DEPOSITARIES.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following lesoliuion; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Revolted, That the Commuter of Ways and Means he
insti w< ted in impute into the expediency of so amending
the ioity-lil'th s-ecdoti of " An actio piovide a national
eutivncy," &e., n- to piolnbtr the decimation of associa-
tion* under s..ud act a- depiwtaties of public money m all
cities diiil in\vii-.vilieiet!e-ie i-= a*uh-Tieasurerot the Uni-
ted States, uisd m .ill mk h i ;t<-e., to i< quue the public money
to lie deposited m tin- <ub Ti"fi uu ; and that the commit-
tee fuither inqnne what additional lein-lation is neees-ary
to t eiiuci Uie C'ueminent -cciiiii ;i£iin*f los« on account
ot public ino11■1 \ d>*po ued uitli dor ignafd depoMtanes
undei said ue:, and t epoit hy lull or othei wise.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF DAKOTA.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide lor a geological
and scientific examination of a pait of Dakota
Terutory; which was read a first and second tune,
and referred to the Committee on Temtones.
VIRGINIA CIRCUIT COURTS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for changing the time for hold-
ing circuit courts in the district of Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
Khe Committee on the Judiciary.
ADDITIONAL PENSIONS.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, by unam*
mous consent, moved that the bill in reference to
additional pensions for the widows of Generals
Whipple, Baker, and Berry, heretofore laid upon
the table, be taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sub-
mit a motion, but before doing so I will, with
unanimous consent, make a single remark. 1 in-
tend to move that when the House adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet on Monday next, so as to
give the Committee of Ways and Means an op-
portunity to occupy the whole of to-morrow in
the preparation of the appropriation bills. The
morning previous to the meeting of the House
does not suffice for the work we have to do, and ,
it is necessary that we should have to-morrow.
I propose the House shall take a holiday and that
the committee shall work all dny to-morrow. 1
therefore move that when the House adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to inquire of the gentleman from the Toledo
district of Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] who has in so-
cial charge the special order—the constitutional
amendment question—when he expects to bring
us to a vote upon it. There are some of us who
have business which will call us out of the city.
Mr. ASHLEY. After consultation with the
friends of the measure on both sides of the House
last night, we concluded to postpone the vote for
a fortnight at least.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If thatcart
be so arranged I shall not object to adjourning
over to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. After the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Rollins] concludes"
his remarks 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio will
make a motion to postpone the subject until a
given day.
Mr. ASHLEY. In accordance with the re-
quest I will now move that after to-day the far-
ther consideration of this question be postponed
until Friday, two weeks from to-day, after the
motning hour.
The SPEAKER. Unless the House sets aside
private business, this day will be devoted to the
consideration of that business.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Stevens to adjourn over until Monday, and
it was agreed to.
POSTPONEMENT OF PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
private business be postponed for to-day.
Mr. HALE. We have had no day this ses-
sion for private business. I think we ought to
have one day, and hence I am opposed to the
motion. I hope the gentleman will not press it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the further con-
sideration of the special order be postponed nfier
to-day until next Tuesday two weeks, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed" to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered; and also moved that the motioa
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the business in whifh
the House was engaged at the adjournment yeaier-* «
day, being the motion to reconsider the vot«' by .
which the House on the 15th of last June rejected
a joint resolution (S. No. IG) submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States, on J
which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Rol* ■
lins] is entitled to the floor.
17
