1865.
vommmimja* globe.
;this month, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and reported by that committee yes-
terday, and laid upon our desks to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLH5. I will state to the honor-
able Senator that several weeks ago a resolution
of the Senate directed the committee to inquire
into the propriety of this measure, and the mat-
ter has been the subject of consideration for some
considerable time in the committee, although in
the form of a bill it did not.appear until the Sen-
ator from Iowa reduced it to(fojrm and bad it re-
'fferred to a com'mittee. ' ' ' ,
Mr. RAMSEY^. J should" like to learn'from
' the .chairman of the Committee on "jjid.ian Affairs,
■ what"tribes' it is contemplated top.oUect upon this
reservation. ■
Mr., DOOLITTLlj, This Indian Territory is
-very peculiar from all the other Territories of the
United States. It belongs in fee'simple as it
stands, by patent from the United States, to the
Cherokeesi the Creeks, the Semioples, the Choc-
taws, and the Chickasaws. Tiiey own the fee
simple derived from theUflited States by a patent,
and those tribes in that Territory, previous to this
rebellion, had advanced'to such a degree of civ-
ilization that they were.capable! of ,self-govern-
rtierit, and mnifitainingagovernment. They had
their written constitutions, their written laws,
their courts, their treasurers, and other officers,
■&c. "The rebellion, it is true, involved some of
those tribes in the rebellion against the United
'States, and in this Territory there have been ter-
rible conflicts, arid wars, and .anarchy, and c'on-
, fusion. .Th6',committee, after full consideration,
have deemed that the best form in which'to'get at
this Territory, and get. it iin.to' some shape, and
-bring some .kind of order out of this .chaos and
.anarchy,- was to provide;by some law of Congress
./orspime modeby which these Indja,ns themselves
could be brought, with their consent, (because the
biji contemplates the conseut of these tribes that
.are at peace,with the United States,) into a meas-
ure of this kind,'which would authorize them to
, choose their own legislators or counselors, and by
which the United States would be authorized to
appoint a Governor, who should at the same time
be superintendent of Indian affairs, with the power
of an absolute veto upon the proceedings of the
councils, which was believed to be necessary in
the present state of affairs. It is believed some-
thing of this kind is the besfc,i ode in whiclj to
reorganize that Territory, and bring. peace,and,
order out of chaos and confusiop. '
Mr. RAMSEY. This isspmewhata question
of geography, .and I should like to understand
from the chairman,whetheritis calculated to bring
the northern tribes down into the country south,
of the southern line of Kansas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is nothing 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
•from Indiana has the floor, anil all this debate is
out of order except with his consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not object to the
Senator fiom Wisconsin making any explanation
in answer to the question of the Senator from
Minnesota. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is nothing in this
bill on that subject, but I willstate frankly to the
honorable Senator from Minnesota that there has
been a hope entertained hy the Committee on In-
dian Affairs of the Senate, and I believe by the
Department, that the more civilized portions of
our Indian tribes might be induced, not forced,
but by some treaty arrangements made be in-
duced, to go. and join their fortunes with the In-
dians iu this.Territory, and better their condition
and advance in civilization. That is the hope,
although there is nothing in this bill which pro-
vides for that,
Mr. HENDRICKS. The fourth section of the
bill provides for the selection of the Legislative
Council. It does not require that the members of
the LegisIative'Council shall be Indians, but that
they shall be selected for the Indians; that is, there
shall be " one member (breach one thousand In-
dians or a fraction of a thousand greater than five
hundred." The person selected may be an In-
dian, or he may be a white man. He is to be
selected by the Indians, or the members of the
tribe, (and I believe that white persons may be-
come members of the tribe,) by the persons who
are defined as voters in this section. If there is
no election, then the head of the tribe is to be the j
legislator for that .tribe. When that mixed JLe- |
gislature, then, part Indian and part white, meet,
they will have jurisdiction by the sixth section
to legislate upon—
All rightful subjects and matters pertaining to the Inter-
course of the Indian tribes in said Territory, and the ad-
ministration of internal justice—
This is very comprehensive language—
and the administration of internal justice and the pun-
ishment of crimes,' and the civilization and improvement
of the people, consistent with tlie.Constitution and laws
of the ynitpdigtates and provisions of this act; but no law
shall be in force providingfor the « le, taxation, or incum-
brance of real estate, or the compulsory collection of debts;
until approvedby'Congres9, riorsiidll any tax be made upon
the property of.the Onited'Statee 5 and no law, rule, nr reg-
ulation adopted l?y said council shall take effeet andbe in
fpree until it has received the approval of the Governor.
I desire Senators to observe that all legislative'
power in respect to the Indians and in respect tp
all other persons in this Territory is conferred
upon this Legislative Council, selected in the man-
ner injvhieh-I have suggested; butno laws upon
certain subjects, that-is, for the " sale, taxation,
or incumbrance-of real.estate or the compulsory,
collection of debts shall be in force urftil approved'
by Congress." I take it that all other laws upon
all other subjects that can affect the Indians are
to be in force without the approval of> Congress;
so that by the passage of this bill Congress sur-
renders to this Legislative Council the right to
legistete forthe Indians.
Mf. DOOLITTLE. In relation to that, per-
haps there is some'force in the objection of the
Senator from Indiana. I do notknow that I have
any objection to make the approval cif Congress
essential to the validity of all laws passed by the
Council. That was the form of the early territo-
rial governments. All laws wore required to be
submitted to Congress, and we approved them be-
fore; they took effect; and it is possible, as the
Senator suggests, that it would be wiser to require
all the laws of this Council to be submitted to Con-
' grcss. ■ 1 -should not- object to an amendment of
that kind. ■ 1 '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that in the acts
passed recently for the organization of territo-
rial governments, the right of Congress to say
whether the territorial laws shall he in force or
not is not found except in respect to Utah.' I be-
lieve that Congress must approve the laws of the
Territorial Legislature of Utah;but with that ex-
ceptional believe it is not found anywhere in any
of the Territories. But I would not consider that
of much importance. I have never known the:
laws of arty Territorial Legislature to receive the
careful consideration of Congress. They are not1
referred to any committee of the body, I believe,
with a view to their careful examination,and the
powerthatis reserved to Congress to review these
laws is really of little value. Therefore, in sub-
stance, Congress, by the passage -of this bill
will surrender to an Indian Council the power to
make all laws governing the intercourse of the
Indians and the intercourse of white persons with
the Indians in the Territory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me to interrupt him, we have al-
ready by treaty surrendered to the Indian tribes
in that Territory the soil and the jurisdiction, and
the whole power of legislation over all persons
coming within the jurisdiction of the tribes. That
is our treaty arrangement with them now. By
an express provision and by a patent we have
given them the land in fee simple; and prior to
the rebellion they had regularly-organized gov-
ernments. The confusion and terrible anarchy
which have grown up there since the rebellion
broke out have thrown many of these Indians as
refugees on our hands, whom we have had to send
back and keep there by military protection, and
a necessity has been thrown upon us to do some-
thing for the Indians in tl^s Territory. The
proposition we make is, that, in our action, so
far as the loyal Indians friemlly to the United
States are concerned, we act with their consent,
and not against their consent or wish.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, when
this war commenced there were sixty-five thou-
sand Indiiiifl^uft this Indian Territory, each tribe
having a siiphrate and independent government,
divided into counties. By the war we have had
thrown upon our hands about eighteen thousand
outof the sixty-five thousand. The balance have
gone over to the traitors. There are eighteen
thousand refugees who are left in that Territory
entirely unprotected, and who are heitig main-
tained by the Government atetn expense of a mil-
lion and a half a year, perhaps two million a year.
There is no subject that can come before the Sen-
ate in which the people I represent feel more in-
terest than this; and 1 suggest to the'Senatorfrom
Indiana, when he is discussing this-as a new bill,
to remember that the Indian tribes in this Indian
Territory-are largely advanced in civilization, and
a very large proportion of them are fchfte men,
half breeds, three fourths arid seven eighths*:*;"!
presume three fourths of the entire body of'these
Indians are three fourt'hs white blood, as1 intelli-
gent as any people that We have-,'and as Well edu-
cated. The Indian regiments rio>'w in our service
are -commanded to a eonsidir&ble extent by In-
diarf'offieers, as intelligent,as our own officerS;
and the people there are fa'r advanced in civiliza-
tion beyond any other Indians on the continent.
Mr. HENDRICKS', lam rather gratified to be
■ interrupted by Che chairman of the committee and
by the Senator from Kansas, who are presumed
'to be very conversant with the subject the Senate
is now considering. My purpose was mainly to
call out some information upon this bill, and to
call the attention .of the Senate to its-provisions.
Now I understand the Seria(orI'from Wisconsin,
Who has reported 'this bill, to say that by treaty
we have already surrendered to the tribes sepa-
rately the power of legislation touching their own
tribal affairs; butl.'presume thosetVfe'aties do not
confer upon the tribes the power to'legislate in
respect to the intercourse of every body else ,with
the tribes. ' ' '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Within their jurisdiction
it does. That is the treaty.'
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I take it if there
be,such provisions in the treaties, before we can
take away from tiny one tribe the power to legis-
late' exclusively for itself and to confer it upon a
council representing the different tribes, we must
obtain the consent of each particular tribe.
Mr. HARLAN. That is contemplated by this
bill. It provides distinctly that their rights shall
not be interfered with'until they consent to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can a treaty be modified
by a mere assent of the tribes? How is that as-
sent to be given? What evidence are we to have
of the fact? A treaty is a very solemn compact
between the Governrtient and the tribe. Now
this proposition is, by ordinary law, to allow the
provisions of the treaty to be materially modified
simply by the assent of the tribe. Does'the Sen-
ator desire that ? 1 am not gding to discuss this
other'provision \^hich gives' to the Indians the
right to be represented in the House of Repre-
sentatives. If the House of Representatives
should be satisfied with that, of course, as a Sen-
ator, I do not choose to interpose any particular
objection to it. Nor do I know but what, after
a very careful examination of this bill, I might
be in favor of it; but it is a very important mod-
ification of the policy of the Government toward
the Indian tribes; and I think that to introduce a
bill on the 20th, to report it'on/he 22J, to lay it
upon our table to-day, and pass:it, is rather hasty
legislation in respect to so grave and important a
national question.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to learn from
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
before proceeding further with this bill, what
tribes it is contemplated to bring within tins 1 en-
ervation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The tribes now occupy-
ing that Territory are the Cherokees, who occupy
all between Kansas and the Arkansas river; the
Creeks, who occupy south of the Arkansas and
north of the Canadian; the Seminoles, who oc-
cupy between the Canadian, I think, and the
south fork of the Canadian; and then the Choc-
taws occupy south of the Canadian, the south-
west portion of this Territory; and the Chicka-
saws occupy south Of the Canadian, about the
middle portion; and the Wachitas, or the affili-
ated tribes that were brought in from Texas, oc-
cupy the western portion of the Territory which
lies south of the Canadian.
In relation to the tribes that it is supposed may
be induced by treaty to go into the Territory and
unite their fortunes with these other tribes, that
is to be a matter of arrangement by treaty with
the other friendly tribes. It has sometimes been
expected that theDelawarcs might go there, and
the civilized tribes of Kansas, Nebraska, and per-
