258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to submita few observations to the House
upon the important proposition now pending be-
fore the final vote is taken upon it. The remarks
which I shall make will be rather in the nature
of a personal explanation than any elaborate ar-
gumentation of this question. At the last session
of Congress when the vote was taken upon this
proposition I voted against it. On this occasion
when the vote is taken I propose to vote for it. I
have changed my views in reference to the expe-
diency of this measure; and while I do not sup-
pose that anything 1 may say will have any in-
fluence whatever in changing the vote of any
gentleman upon this floor, I am satisfied with the
reasons which have induced me to change my
opinion and my action; and it is perhaps due to
myself, humble as I am, due to those I represent
and who take any interest in the opinions which
I may entertain or express hew, to present to the
House and the country some of the considerations
which have induced me to change my action and
my vote.
Mr. Speaker, I entertain the same opinion to-
day in regard to the rebellion that 1 have ever
done. I feel the same animosity, the same hatred,
the same contempt for it now, and for those who
initiated it, as I did when it was first put on foot.
Indeed, I may say, sir, that, looking at the con-
sequences which it has produced in my own State
and throughout the country, I am less inclined
to-day than ever to look upon it with any degree
of forbearance. Regarding it always without ex-
cuse or justification 1 am inclined to the opinion
to-day that there was not even the shadow of a
shade of pretextfor putting on foot this infamous
and disastrous rebellion.
But, sir, heretofore, and even now, I have acted
with that body of men who are disposed to pur-
sue a conciliatory policy with a view to obtain the
high object we all had in view, and that was the
preservation of the Constitution and the salvation
of the Union. When 1 say I have been acting
with that class of men who desire to pursueacon-
ciliatory policy, I do not mean to say that I have
not ever been in favor of an earnest prosecution
of this war; but I moan to say that I desire to
blend the two, war and the olive-branch; the olive-
branch always m front of the .sword, and a con-
stant appeal to the intelligent public sentiment of
the South that it was not the object of the Gov-
ernment to oppiess,btu that it was the high and
noble purpose of the Representatives of the people
and of the United States Govci nment to extend and
secure to them all the rights which they can right-
fully claim under the Constitution of our fathers.
It is my firm conviction that we have not enough
pursued a conciliatory policy; not enough tried to
impress on the public mind of the masses of the
South the true objects we all have in view in the
prosecution of this war. And while I am not dis-
posed to say to-day that a different line of policy
would have bi ought about a different result, would
have had (he effect of putting down the rebellion,
to have stopped this unfortunate war, to have sus-
tained the Government, I am sure such a policy
would have done no harm; that the effect would
have been good; that at all events it would have
resulted in consolidating the Union sentiment in
the loyal States of the union, and checked to a
great extent the collision of sentiment and conse-
quent divcisjty of action which has occurred
among Union men.
I have been surprised, Mr. Speaker, that the
distinguished men who have charge of the Gov-
ernment have not stopped long enough to listen
to the suggestions of plain and humble men in re-
gard to this question. Sir, if I had occupied the
high position of the President ofthe United States,
even now recently, I would have made every sol-
dier in Sherman's army the bearer of a message
of peace and good will to the humblest men in
the hum blest cabins in the State of Georgia. He
then had an opportunity of reaching that distant
population. I judge the people from my own ex-
perience. I know how the masses of the conv
• mon people have been deluded and misled by their
.traitorous leaders, i have seen the effect of this
/thing around me at my own home, and I know
I the influence which such appeals, coming from
those in authority, have upon the minds of the
masses of the common people of the country; and
I believe to-day that if such a line of policy had
been pursued, and if the minds of the people of
Georgia could be reached, it would be but a short
time before the Administration of this Govern-
ment would have a stronger and more powerful
parly among the people of that State than Davis
himself!
Mr. Speaker, I have another general observa-
tion to make. In all my action as a Representa-
tive upon this floor it has neverbeen my purpose
to pursue a course either for the preservation or
for the destruction of the- institution of slavery.
I have had a higher and a nobler object in view,
for I regard it a more high and noble object to
preserve this free Constitution of ours, to pre-
serve our noble and happy form of government,
to preserve the union of these States, than any
question connected with the preservation or de-
struction of African slavery upon this continent.
That has been a secondary and subordinate con-
sideration altogether compared with the better
purpose which I have just named; and in eveiy
vote that I have given, whethertendingto weaken
the institution of slavery or to strengthen that
institution, it has been cast after considering the
question, how far will this or that measure tend
to strengthen the Government and to preserve the
Constitution and the Union?
" To be, or not to be, that is thequestion."
Sir, if 1 could save this Constitution and this
Union by preserving the institution of slavery in
its present status in the various States I would do
it most cheerfully. Perhaps I would go further
than many of my friends on the other side of the
House: if I could save the Constitution of my
country and the union of these States even by ex-
tending the institution of slavery, I would do it.
And why? Not because I am the especial friend
of the institution of slavery, hut because I regard
as the paramount and most important question of
the times the preservation of ourown liberties, of
our own Constitution and free Government. And,
sir, I accept also the other view of the proposition:
if I could save the Constitution and the Union by
the partial destruction of slavery 1 would partially
destroy it; and if I could save the Constitution
and Union of my country by the total destruction
of slavery—cutting it up by the roots, cutting out
the caucerat once—I most unquestionably would
do it: for 1 regard the preservation of these as
paramount to and far higher than any question
affecting the freedom or slavery of the African
race upon this continent. In other words, i adopt
precisely the sentiment so felicitously expressed
by the President of the United States in a letter
which he addressed to Mr. Greeley more than, two
years ago; and, in order to refresh the minds of
these gentlemen who are pleased to give me their
attention, I desire to read one or two sentences
from that letter. It expresses the correct views,
as I think, that all men who aim at the preserva-
tion of the Government should adhere to. The
President said:
"My panunount objeet in this struggle is to save the
Union, and N not either to save ot to destroy slavery. If
I could «:ivp the Union without frcf .ncj any slave i would
do it; and if I could save it by Ireenuj all i-Live.;s I would
do it; and if i could *ave it by freeing tome ami leaving
otheis alone, i would aisp dn that. What I do about sla-
ve ly ami the eoioied lace. I do bi'caus.0 1 believe it helps
to ->ave tiu  Union; and what f foibe.u, 1 foibcat because
t do not. believe it would help to <ave the Union. j shall
do less whenever I shall believe what I am doing hurts the
cause, and I shall do more whenevei I shall believe doing
moie will help the eau&e."
That was the disposition of the President two
years ago. That was my position two years ago;
t that is my position now. And what I propose
to do now m the vote which 1 shall give upon
tins proposition, is simply because I believe that
ultimately it will tend to save the Union; and to
do that I am willing to do more now than I have
heretofore done. When I cast the vote which I
did before upon this proposition, I had no doubt
in regard to the power of Congress to submit this
amendment to the States; and the vote I gave at
that time was given on tiie ground of expediency
alone. For at that time, as 1 have stated, I was
in favor of pursuing a more conciliatory policy.
I believed at that time that by pursuing such a
courseand assuring the people ofthe South that our
object was to preserve their rights under the Con-
stitution they might be induced to return. And
I was willing that they should return with the
institution of slavery preserved as it then existed
in different States of this Union. And I believe
now that if political events had taken a different
direction from what they have taken in all proba-
bility those States would be invited to return with
all their rights, and along with the rest their right
to the institution of slavery.
And I will make this further remark, that it was
this general leading consideration that induced
me to support the distinguished and patriotic man
who was nominated for the Presidency in opposi-
tion to the present President. It was because I
believed the one would offer and be satisfied wi th
more liberal terms than the other, and that there
would therefore be in all probability a better
chance of preserving the Constitution and the
Government under the administration of that
man than by a continuance of the administration
of Mr. Lincoln. But I confess here to-day that
when I look at all the changes which would have
necessarily resulted from a change of Adminis-
tration, in its men and its policies, I am inclined
to doubt whether, under all the circumstances, the
people have not at last acted more wisely than I
did. I do not claim to be infallible.
While I do not take the voice of the majority,
however large,as the sole rule of my action, I am
always willing to defer to it, and to treat with re-
spect the opinions of a majority of the people of rny
country. It has been intimated here that perhaps
there are some gentlemen who incline to change
their views and action in reference to this import-
ant subject because the current seems to setin that
direction. Now, if I believed that I was governed
by any such consideration as that I should despise
myself. I never have been a man to seek out the
direction of the popular current upon which to
set sail in my feeble bark. It is the pride of my
public life that I have nearly always been in a
minority, at home and in the nation. I never had
an opportunity hardly to know how a man feels
in the majority ! And 3 have some pride in regard
to it, because I believe that, as a general rule, there
is more p&blic virtue, more truth, and more hon-
esty with the leading minds that control minorities
than with those who diiect majorities, and this
from a principle in human nature which we all
understand. No, sir, I am governed by no such
consideration as that. I am governed by the
single object of doing something m my humble
way that may tend to preserve this Union and
continue it after we shall have restored to it the
States now in rebellion.
Now, sir, I come to make a few observations in
reference to a question which has been veiy elab-
orately discussed here during the consideration of
this subject; and that is the question of the con-
stitutional power of Congress to do the thing wc
aim at to-day. I know how immodest it may be
forme, after the very able and distinguished gen-
tlemen who have discussed this question so elab-
orately, to say a word upon it. But as i speak
for my constituents at home, as well as to this
House, and especially those who act with me on
this occasion, 1 desire to be clearly understood.
If I believed this amendment to be unconstitu-
tional, as a matter of course I would be bound
by my oath not to give a vote for it; but believing
it to be constitutional, and believing also in the
expediency of the measure, I shall vote for the
amendment.
Is this amendment constitutional ? How are
we to get light upon this subject? My answer is,
by referring to the instrument itself; and I have
yet to meet the first gentleman on either side of
the House who will deny the proposition that in
accordance with the letter of the Constitution this
amendment may be proposed to the States for
their adoption or rejection. The provision of the
Constitution which confers the power of amend-
ment, and which I do not propose to read, has
but two limitations, as has been repeatedly re-
marked in this discussion. So far as the letter
of the Constitution is concerned, except in refer-
ence to those two limitations, Congress has the
right and the power to propose any amendment
to be adopted or rejected by the States themselves.
According to the letter of the Constitution we are
governed only by the two limitations found in the
instrument itself. *
And the next question which presents itself i v
whether there are any other limitations in the
Constitution,except the restrictions found in the
article itself, to prevent Congress from proposing
this amendment to the States.
Mr. C. A. WHITE. I understood the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Rollins] to say that no
person upon this side of the House had advo-
