1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
cated the principle that the letter of the Constitu-
tion puta limitation upon the power of Congress
to pass this amendment. I beg leave to remind
him that in the few remarks which I had the
honor to submit on "Wednesday last I made that
distinct pioposition. i contended that the word
" amendment" was a limitation of itself; that the
amendment must relate to some clause or pro-
vision already in the Constitution. And that this
proposition now under consideration being to in-
sert a separate and distinct clause in the Constitu-
tion, having no connection with any grant of
power to be found in it, was a supplement to the
Constitution and not an amendment; and that
the very letter of the Constitution limited the
power of Congress over the subject of amend-
ments to the delegation of powers to Congress to
amend the Constitution.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. My answer to
the gentleman is, that all the amendments that
have been made were open to the same objection.
1 was notso fortunate, Mr. Speaker, as to hear the
gentleman's speech, nor have I had time to read
it; but in reference to the question of limitation, I
think that the best way to obtain light on the sub-
ject is to read what the Constitution itself says:
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to tin*
Constitution, oj, on the application ol the LcjriS'laiines of
two thud* of the several Stales, shall call a convention
Joi piopo.-ing amendment*, winch, m eithei case, shall he
valid lo all intents am] pmpOi>e*<i:>pditof this Constitution,
when jutitif'd by the Logi-lafuroi of three I'ouuIk ot the
sevota) States, or by conventions m thtee Amifhs thereof,
as the one or the other mode of ratification may be pio-
poscd bj the Confess; provided, that no amendment which
may be made puor to the yeai 1808 ,-hall in unv mannci
affect the first and tmutii clauses in the ninth section of the
ijr t arirele; and that no Suue, without it> consent, shall be
deprived ot its equal ^-tili'iage m the Senate."
The Constitution can only be changed by
amendment, and, according to the gentleman's
theory, we can add nothing to it, however good or
desirable, unless there was already ''some clause
or provision in the Constitution" relating to the
subject proposed to be added. This I regard as
absurd.
Now, sir, I cannotfor my life see, as my friend
from Ohio sees, where there are any othoi limita-
tions of the power of Congress, according to the
letter of the instrument, than those whichVe find
in the clause of the Constitution itself. The lim-
itation js there according to the letter, and there
alone; and if there is any other limitation in ref-
erence to the power of Congress, it must be out-
side of this article of the Constitution: and Uw
next question which I piopose to suites., in ol-
der to come to a correct conclusion on tins sub-
ject, is, is there any other limitation of the power
of Congress m proposing amendments to tins in-
stiument? I assert ih.it thei" is, and I adoptthe
very excellent view suggested in tiie running de-
bate by the gentleman hum Massachusetts, [Mr.
Houtwkll,] m answer to the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. PiuXdlfton;] and that
is, that the limitation of amendment to this Con-
stitution is found also iri the vet y preamble to the
insti ument itself. I do not believe, sir, with my
fiictid from Ohio [Mr. Cox] that we have a right
to make any amendment whatever to this Con-
stitution, that there is no limitation except the
express limitation contained in the dause which
I have just read. There are otliei limitations, and
those limitations are found, as 1 conceive, m the
preamble preceding the Constitution itself. What
is that preamble r
u We, the people of the United State--, in oirier to fonn
a more per feet union, eUablUhju^luc, inwie domestic tran-
quillity, provideJorlhc c ommundc/eme. piomote the general '
welfare, am! serine the blesUitgs ofhbeity fur oiusel ve  and j
our posterity, do ordain and establish tins Constitution for ;
the United States of America.'' J
Now, I do not behove that any ami nd ment can
be made to this instrument which has for its ob-
ject, or whose direct tendency would be, to destroy
the very object and purposes for which the Con-
stitution was established. Therefore, sir, any
amendment to this Constitution which would de-
stroy "a moie pcifect union," which would fail
to " establish justice," which would fail to " in-
sure domestic tranquillity," which would fail to
"provide for the common defense,'' or to " pro-
mote tho general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity," is not an
amendment which may be proposed by Congress,
or may be adopted and ratified by the States; and
every Representative who votes must be a " law
unto himself" whether any amendment proposed
is in accordance with the Constitution.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question. Who is to be the judge whethef a pro-
posed amendment comes within the scope of the
preamble?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I will be the
judge myself, so far as I may be called upon to
vote for or against it.
Mr. COX. 1 would prefer, according to my pe-
culiar logic, to allow the States themselves to
be the judges. Therefore I infinitely prefer the
gentleman's first proposition—that the power of
amendment is not limited except by the terms of
the clause of the Constitution on that subject.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman, that so far as my action and my vote
are concerned, my own judgment—and I presume
so far as the vote of every other member in the
House is concerned, his own judgment—must be
the rule in reference to the question whether a
proposed amendment comes within the scope of
the preamble; and I presume that the States them-
selves must be the judges when an amendment is
submitted for their consideration and action. If
thtee fourths of the States adopt a proposed
amendment, it becomes a part of the Constitution.
But suppose the other fourth decline to adopt the
amendment what then? If it is such an infringe-
ment of their rights, such a destruction of their
liberties, such an interference with their domestic
policy, that they regard themselves justified in
raising the standard of revolt and revolution in
oider to resist the amendment which the other
States have adopted,! take it that the State itself
would be the better judge as to the course which
it would have a right to pursue.
lint, sir, it has been urged thatthis amendment,
is contra y, although not to the letter, to the spirit
of the Constitution. Well, Mr. Speaker, I am a
believer, too, in this doctrine that we must be
guided by the spirit of the Constitution. J would
neither violate its letter nor its spirit. I3ut I con-
fess, sir, that it is difficult for me to define or ex>-
actly to undeistand what is meantby the spiritof
the Constitution. Peihaps it is like the passion
which young people expenence, and which is well
described in the language of the young lover:
u what wo lee!, but can't define;
'Tis what we know, but can't cxptess."
We all know that there are amendments which
miicht be proposed, and whu.li would be in strict
accordance v iih the letter of the instrument, but
which we would feel to be violative of its spirit.
Sir, )l you pioposed an amendment changing
entirely the form of our Government, creating a
inonaichy oi despotism instead of a Republic, I
presume, although gentlemen might find an ex-
press warrant of law in the Constitution to do
tins thing, yet it would be against the spiritof
that instrument. I presume if an amendment
were proposed to require one State to pay a much
largtr proportion of taxes than in accordance
with its repres"ntation, although you might find
a warrant for it, yet it would be against the spirit
of the Constitution. I piesutne if you were to
propose an amendment to establish a State leh-
gion thioughout the land, while the letter of the
Constitution mi;xht not be against it, yeteveiy
man who favoied religion-' toleration and who was
against an established Chuich, would feel that
the son it of the instrument had been violated.
I believe, then, sir, that this amendment i<; in
accordance with the express letter of the Consti-
tution. 1 believe that it is m accordance with the
preamble of the Constitution. I believe that it is
in accoidnnce with the tiue spint, meaning, and
intent of that imstinment, and the objects and
puiposes for which it was framed by our fne-
fath'Ts,and thatif all the States could bp induced
to adopt it it would go far to strengthen the Gov-
ernment, by preventing future dissension and
cementing the bonds of the Union, on the pres-
ervation of which depends our strength, our
security, our safety, our happiness, and the con-
tinued existence ot tree institutions on the Amer-
ican continent.
The only question left for me to decide, sir, is
whether this is a measure which lsexpcdientand
which ought to be adopted. I believe in both its
expediency and constitutionality.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in making a few remarks
on the other branch of the question, I want to
put a few interrogatories to gentlemen who differ
with me. Does any man in this House, does any
intelligent man m any of the loyal States believe
that the institution of African slavery will survive
this rebellion? If there is such a man I choose
to differ from him. I believe, as has often been
remarked here, that the existence and contin-
uance of human slavery is wholly and entirely
incompatible with a state of civil war in She coun-
try. The rebellion, instigated and carried on by
slaveholders, has been the death-knell of the in-
stitution; and, believing this, shah we anyldnger
rely upon the President's proclamations, which
are doubtful in their policy and character? Shall
we rely upon the exercise of those extraordinary
powers originating in a time of war? or shall we
not, like wise and prudent statesmen, come to the
rescue at once, take it up, handle it, discuss it in
a statesmanlike way, and adopt the true and only
peaceful mode pointed out in the Charter of our
liberties for meeting and disposing of questions
of this character.
Mr. Speaker, I have another remark to make
in regard to the limitation in the fifth article of
the Constitution. How did it happen that the
framersof thatinstrument only extend the limita-
tion ofpowerto twosubjects? Why did they pre-
serve the representation of the small States from
amendment? Why did they allow the African
slave trade to remain untouched only prior to
1808? I answer, it was because the great men
who laid the foundations of civilgovernmentupon
the American continent, according to my reading
and understanding, were essentially anti-slavery,
North and South, and, looking upon the institu-
tion of slavery as an evil, they determined to
check its growth; hence in the Constitution
they placed a limitation upon the African slave
trade, limiting it to the year 1808. So on the other
subject of the representation of the small States.
The small Slates represented in that Convention
seeingthe greatinequality of authority and power
<*iven to them by that clause of the Constitution
winch enabled Rhode Island to exercise m the
Senate of the United States as much power as
New York and the other great States of the
Union, and tenacious of the power thus secured
to them, insisted, and it was finally yielded to
them, that upon that point the Constitution of the
United States should remain unamended through all
time.
Now, I ask you the question how easy it was,
and why the framcrs of the Constitution did not
add to that clause that no amendment should be
made changing or modifying the institution of
slavery as it exists in any State of the Union?
Why was this not ingrafted upon the Constitu-
tion? I have an answer satisfactory t#myself on
that subject. It was because the great men of
that day, the men who framed this Charter of
human freedom for the American people, were in
heart and in principle hostile to the institution of
slavery; and although they did not take the re-
sponsibility of disposingof it, they accepted H as
(hoy found it; and'the writings and teachings of
the great men of the North and South justify me
in claiming that they looked forwaid to the day
when their posterity would finally, in some form
or other, dispose of the institution which they
themselves regarded as hurtful to the happiness
and progress of the country.
Hence i so a little further than my venerable
friend from Missouri, [Mr. King,] though he and I
arc exactly in the same category upon this question.
1 express my belief that the limitation preventing
the abolition of slavery in the States by Congress
was not placed m the Constitution for the reason
of a desire to leave that an open question, and
hoping and believing that-at a distant day in the
history of our country, when there would bo h
higher and more Christian-like civilization, a bet-
ter view of tins subject, that we, their posterity,
might have the power which they gave to us in
the instrument itself, to take hold of the question
and dispose of it in some fair, n^iit, and proper
way. Such is my belief; whether well-founded
or not is another thing. 'They lcgaided the insti-
tution as an evil, and no such limitation could
have been incorporated into the Constitution by $
the Convention which framed that instrument. „<
They legarded if as an evil one day or other to
be disposed of, and they left the door open to those
who were to come after them for the express pur-
pose of enabling* them, when a good opportunity
