260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jafmary 13,
offered, to do the very thing which they failed to
do themselves.
Mr. Speaker, every man, however humble be
may be, 1ms some personal pride in the opinions
he may entertain upon a great question of this
sort. I am not free from considerations of that
kind, and when I hear my friends over the way
upon the Republican side of the House—and I
know 1 Iftive a great many friends there—intimate
that because a man cannot vote with them and I
upon this amendment he sympathizes with the
rebellion, or is an apologist for the rebellion, 1
confess 1 cannot indorse either the good taste or
the propriety of such imputations. Such remarks
elsewhere than here have been applied to me, and
yet I know they have not fitted my case, because
I take this occasion to state my opinion—an opin-
ion I have entertained for twenty-five years—that
the institution of African slavery cannot be de-
fended cither upon moral or religious grounds, or
upon principles of natural right or political econ-
omy.
1 ana a believer in the Declaration of Independ-
ence wherein it js asserted that "all men are cre-
ated equal." I believe that when it says "all
men*' it means every man who was created in the
" image of his Maker" and walks on God's foot-
stool, without regard to race, color, or any other
accidental circumstances by which he may be sur-
rounded. 1 know that astute politicians, crafty
and ambitious men, in various periods of the Re-
public have tried to draw a distinction between
this man and that man because he happens to have
a different colored skin; that the Declaration was
applicable alone to white men, and not to the
black man, the red man, or any other than the
white man. That, the word 44 all" meant a part,
not "all!" But, sir, I believe that that geuetal
clause in the Declaration of Independence was
meant, by the immortal man who penned it, and
by the immortal men who signed it, and by a
large majority of the groat men of that day North
and South, to assent the great principle, founded
in the rights of man, founded in reason, and in
strict accordance to the Ihw of morality and of
the Divine will, that " all men are created equal,"
without distinction of race or of color. And al-
though our ancestors failed to apply the principle,
although they were derelict in duty in living up
to the great enunciation of principles which they
made to the world and mankind,u is no proof to
my mind that they did not mean cxaetly what I
say they meant in the expression to which 1 have
referred.
Mr. Speaker, all these considerations are influ-
encing mem the very vote which 1 shall give upon
this amendment; but I desire to say ihaf my ex-
perience Ujmn the subject of slavery has becn'quite
singular and diveisiiied. An ami-slavery man
in sentiment, and yet, hcretofoic a huge owner
of slaves myself—not now, however—notexactly
with my consent, but with or without my con-
sent. The convention which recently assembled
in my State, I learned from a telegram a morn-
ing or two ago, had adopted \\n amendment to
our present State constitution for the immediate
emancipation of all the slaves in the State. 1 am
no longer the owner of a slave, and I thank God
for it. Although I think th is subject might have
been disposed of in a beitui way, causing less
inconvenience to our people, and dom^ in fact the
siuveno harm, I make no complaint of the conven-
tion for that act; and although (here is no clause
of compensation, I very gracefully yield to the
public sentiment, and to the action of this distin-
guished body of men called m mv St<. te to consider
its wellare. It the giWiig up oi my davea with-
out complaint shall be a eontiibution upon my
part to promote th'* public good, to uphold the
Constitution of tht United >3:.uo, to restoiepcace
and pteseivo this Union, if I had vi'sued a thou-
sand Uaies Ihcy ivould most chctifid'y have been
given up. I say wuh ail my heart, Let them go,
but let them not go withouta sense of feeling and
a proper regard on my part for the future of them-
selves tuid their olFspi iug! I say, .Let them go,
and let them enjoy all the privileges consistent
with sound policy and that freedom which has
been vouchsafed to them ! Let them go; and, sir,
there is no man m this House or in this nation who
feels a deeper interest m their comfort, m their
happiness, m their elevation than I do, and in the
comfort and welfare of their children and their I
childrens'children in all time to come! I say j
again, sir, Let them go, and may the blessing of
God rest upon them !
[Here the hammer fell, the hour having ex-
pired.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask that the gentleman have
leave to continue his remarks.
By unanimous consent the leave was granted.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missomi. As I have said,
my experience in relation to this question of sla-
very has been singula rand somewhat diversified.
Why, sir, I remember that seventeen years ago,
when I was a member of that proud, and honor-
able, and patriotic party, the old "Whig party of
the country, and when I was quite a young man,
my friends placed me in the responsible position
of candidate for the high office ofGovernoi of my
State, and that I found as my competitor upon
that occasion my venerable and honorable friend
who occupies aseaton my left, [Mr. King.] We
traversed our great State from one corner to the
other; we met time and again upon the hustings;
he was a friend of General Cass and I was a Whig,
and the friend of General Taylor; and he must
pardon me upon this occasion—and especially as
we are now together—if I bring to view a single
reminiscence. One of his arguments, I remem-
ber, was that the elevation of General Taylor to
the office of President and the election of myself
to the office of Governor would be dangerous to
the institution of slavery! 1, a Kentuckian by
birth, supporting a large slaveowner for the Pres-
idency, and myself a slaveowner, combatted that
view as well as 1 could in opposition to my ven-
erable friend. I am happy, however, to know
that on this occasion we meet, and that hereafter
there is to be no further controversy between him
and I upon this question.
I lemcmber ah.-o that as late as 1857 when again
my political friends, regarding me far too highly,
did me the honor of placing their standaid once
more in my hai-ds as a candidate for the highest
olliee m the gift of thnpeopleof my State, 1 found
myseif confront d by a gentleman who was born
in New Yoik, able and talented, and never the
owner of a slave, but throughout that entire can-
vass the burden of his " talk" against me was that
it would nevei do to elect me, and thatif they did,
in some way ur other the institution of slavery
would suflei at my hands in the State of Mis-
somi; and although 1 think to-day that I was le-
gally elected, nfu r the old Democracy had figured
some six or eight weeks, the election being over,
I hey brought out a majority against me of two hun-
dred and thirty !
But this is not the whole of my personal expe-
rience upon this subject. When first I had the
honor of being a candidate for a seat upon this
floor in 18G0, I met as my competitor a very
woithy and distinguished gentleman who now
occupies a scat at the other end of the Capitol, a
man of exalted talent and ability and a high oi der
of patriotism, who is my peisonal friend, and
who, 1 am gratil'ed to see, fills his place so ably
and gracefully; but I remember that it was the
same old stmy with him as with my venerable
friend here [Mr. King] and the other gentleman
to whom [ have alluded, that it would nut do to
send me here even, because m some way or other
i might be detrimental to the institution of sla-
very m my Slate. I am happy, however, to say
that that distinguished gentleman and myself will
no longer have any controversy upon that point.
So far as I know, we are together so far as this
amendment is concerned. We take now pretty
much the same view of this important question,
the onlv difference being that he has gone far
ahead of me m any view I entertain or action I
expect to take in the.matter. It will never do, in
the day of civil war and revolution, to be justify-
ing one's self for inconsistency. Men change
eveiy day. Read the inaugural address of Pres-
ident Lincoln; read the diplomatic correspond-
ence of the Secretary of State; read your own
speeches of two or three years back, and you will
see how changes have taken place. Read my
speeches and you will find me preaching, a short
time ago one doctrine, and now preaching another
doctrine. I am proud that a man has the right
to .change; I am gratified that I am not too obsti-
nate to change; I am glad that additional light
shines upon the darkened intellect to enable us to
change our opinions when we find that we are
wrong, and hope all of us have sufficient regard
for the truth to embraceitwhen weseeit. Change
is a law of nature. It is written on our physical
organization, on our moral organization, on our
mental constitutions. If there were no right to
change, change morally especially, what, in the
name of God, would become of many of the gen-
tlemen on both sides of this House ? [Laughter.]
There is an old adage which says, " Wise men
sotaetimes change, fools never do." Sir, the pe-
culiar friends of slavery have controlled the Gov-
ernment for much the greater part of the time
since its establishment; and but for their own
wickedness and folly might have saved the insti-
tution and had their full share in its management
for many years to come. If they have lost the
political control, all are blameless save them-
selves !
But yesterday, the word of Ctcsar might
Have stood agam-n the woild: now lies he there,
And none fc>o poor to do Imn revetetiee.5>
Mr. Speaker, I wish to state in a very general
way some other propositions. Let us dispose of
this question now, now. I have signified that I
would be willing to dispose of it in another way.
If Jefferson Davis&Co. would come back to this
Hall to-morrowasd say, ** We were wrong; we ask
paidon; welaydown our arms; we yet remember
the blessings that we have thrown away; we want
that free Constitution which we have been destroy-
ing; we want to come back to youfor the sake of
peace, for the sake of running no more risk in re-
gard to this slave question, I would say "Let them
come in," and I would £0 pretty far in making
terms with them; much farther than my friends
from Missouri over there, [Mr. McClurg and
Mr. Loan.] But we cannot have our will on
this subject. The president of the so-called con-
federate States, and those who act with him, are
not going to put themselves in that position. On
the contrary, we have been told by the rebel lead-
ers that if a blank sheet of paper were furnished
to them on which to writo their own terms, they
would not come back. They have told us that
they started out for sepaiation, and that they
mean to exhaust all the energies and resources of
the country in accomplishing that object. On the
other hand, we started out for the purpose of pre-
serving the Constitution and Union,let that effort
lead us where it might; destroy whoever and what-
ever it might. If we had the moral, the physical
and the intellectual power to do the work, we
started out for the purpose of putting down this
rebellion, and saving this Union and Government
from destruction. And while I rejoice at any
movement which looks to an honorable peace,
and a restored Government, I am for fighting it
out " on that line" to-day. NSt until eveiy germ
of patriotism shall have withered and rotted in
the public heart; not until the public sense of the
nation is that the thing cannot be accomplished,
am I for abating one jot or tittle of the effous of
the nation to subvert the rebellion, restore the
supremacy of the Constitution, and preserve the
Union of these States, and republican liberty on
this continent throughout all time to come.
Mr. Speaker, the American sentiment is de-
cidedly anti-slavery; and that is another consid-
eration why I am willing to vote for this amend-
ment. We never can have an entire peace in this
country as long as the institution of slavery re-
mains as one of the recognized institutions of the
country. It occurs to me that the suiest way to
obtain peace is to dispose of the institution now
From whatever cause, whether it be fiom north-
ern intermeddling—if you so call it; and there has
been far too much of this—or fiom southern ar-
rogance and dictation and agitation, whether from
the one cause or the other, or both, slavery will
always be a disturbing element! There will be no
peace, there will be no perfect Union m this coun-
try until some way or other we shall have dis-
posed of ir. You cannot get over moral convic-
tions. And so long as the Geneial Government
is connected with siaveiy or associated with it in
any way, the great tide of emigration that will
flow into the South, carrying new ideas of human
rights, this institution will be a disturbing ele-
ment, and we will have continued agitation until,
in some way or other, this question is disposed
of. I have therefore brought myself up to the
point. We may as well unsheathe the sword and
cut the Gordian knot!
I said, Mr. Speaker, that the American public
sentiment is anti-slavery. I say now, from my
own experience that the public sentiment of the
