1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
hue of the wronged but docile child of the sun.
You may vote that the costly gas-lightof this Hall
is the glory of heaven, but you will find on ap-
plying to it a nasal testthat itis only afaint glim-
mer of that light which makes Stygian darkness
visible.
Equally vain will it be to attempt to correct
social prejudice by special legislation. Differ-
ences which are natuial will be permanent, dif-
ferences which result from ages of degradation
and outrage can only be removed by the uplift-
ing of other ages of educationand social progress.
To remove the prejudices of men, even, must be
the work of time. Sir, if you adopt the policy
of special legislation in favor of the blacks you
establish the light of special legislation against
' them, and I am opposed to that policy.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. 1 rise to a point
of order. There is a section of this bill which
relates to colored people liding in the cars, but
the section under consideration docs not, and there-
fore that this discussion is not applicable to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The pending question is the second
section, which lelates to the rate of fare.
Mr. PATTERSON, I was only answering
objections which have been brought against this
section of the bill by the gentlemen whoopposeit.
What I say is that legislation will not meet the
genera! difficulties winch we all feel. Still there
m<iy be some abuses practiced by conductors on
tliit? road which render it absolutely neccssary in
this particular case to curtail their power by legis-
lation. But whatever are the abuses on this sub-
ject, it is hardly fair to bring in our prejudices to
bear upon the amendment before the House, which
proposes to increase the price of tickets on the
street railroads of the city.
But in order to meet objections upon this point,
I wish to modify the amendment proposed by the
committee, so as to make the fares on both roads
" seven" cents, instead of " eight;" and to add
thereto the proviso which I send to the desk.
If it is in order I would be glad to offer them both
at the same time.
Mr. STEELE, of New Yoik. Do I under-
stand that these amendments are auihonzed to be
leported by the committee?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir. I ask for the
reading of the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
And the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company
and tlie Metropolitan Railroad Company sliall have the
right to charge seven cents tare: Provided, That after two
years from ami after the passage of this act only the original
late ot five cents as authorized by the charters of the two
companies named m thia act shall be charged.
Mr. PATTERSON. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will not be seconded*
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, and I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that there is an amendment and an
amendment to the amendment now pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then 1 wish to comment
on the amendment and to show what amendment
i would offer.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshiie withdraw the demand for the
previous question or insist upon it?
Mi. STEELE, of New York. I appeal to my
colleague upon the Committee for the District of
Columbia to yield to me for a moment before he
calls the previous question.
Mr. PATTERSON, i will yield to the gentle-
man if he will call the previousquestion when he
is through.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I will give the
gentleman an opportunity to call it after I get
through. Before proceeding, however, I wiil
yield to my colleague on the Committee for the
District of Columbia from Indiana, [Mr. Du-
mont,] who desires to make some reports that
Will give rise to no discussion.
CHANGE OF NAME.
Mr. DUMONT, from the Committee for the
Districtof Columbia,reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, bill of the Senate
No. 439, to change the name of Dorsey Edwin
"William Towson, of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, to that of Dorsey Edwin William
Carter.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order to move to
strike out one of the remaining names?
The SPEAKER. The bill has passed the point
where it can be amended.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DUMONT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXES IN GEORGETOWN.
Mr. DUMONT also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, bill of the Senate No. 393, to author-
ize the corporation of Georgetown to levy ceitain
taxes.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. DUMONT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. DUMONT also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it do
notpass, bill of the Senate No. 167, to incorporate
an insurance company in the city of Washington.
The bill was laid on the table.
NATIONAL PROTECTION INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. DUMONT also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it do
notpass, bill of the Senate No. 386, to incorporate
the National Protection Insurance Company of
the District of Columbia.
The bill was laid on the table.
CONTINENTAL HOTEL COMPANY".
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, bill of
th-e House No. 764, to mcorpororate the Conti-
nental Hotel Company in the city of Washington.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GANSON. I want to know if there is any
provision in that bill allowing colored persons to
put up at this hotel. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want
everything equal. The faie in all the hotels now
in this city is limited, and I want the fare limited
in this bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. 1 want,as a member
of the Committee for the District of Columbia, to
offer an amendment providing that this company
shall make no distinction of color in the recep-
tion of their guests. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent, the bill having been read the thiid
time. Js there objection 5
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I object. They
can provide for that in the by-laws of the cor-
poration.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. 13E&MAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider; and being put, the motion was rejected—
ayes 44, noes 48.  
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN RAfLROAD COMPANY AGAlk.
Mr. PATTER.SON. I cannot yield the flooY
any longer. I call the pievious question on the
pending amendment to the railroad bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the previous question
will be voted down.
Mr. TRACY. I hope my colleague on the
District Committee will not call the previous ques-
tion on this bill at this stage. If he does, I hope
the House will vote it down.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to second the previous question,
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe there is an amend-
ment to the amendment now pending. I send to
theChairan amendment which I propose to offer
when an opportunity shall be presented, and I do*
it with a view of submitting a remark or two on
the amendment itself. I ask to have it read for
information.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided, That neither of the railroad companies named
in this bill shall be permitted to. charge or collect a fare
from any passenger conveyed on either of such railroads
without furnishing a seat to such passenger.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the American people
are, perhaps, the most patient in the world in the
manner in which they permit corporations to treat
them.
Mr. J.C.ALLEN. 1 rise to a question of order.
Is the amendment which has been read before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then I insist that thegen-
tleman shall confine himself to the question before
the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. For the benefit of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, 1 will repeat as nearly as I
can the sentence which I had commenced. I say
that I think the American people are perhaps the
most patient in the world as regards their sub-
mission to the demands of corporations. I believe
there is no country in which common carriers,
being authorized or licensed bylaw or otherwise
to perform certain duties for the mutual benefit
of themselves in the shape of profits, and of the
public in the shape of conveyance furnished, are
permuted to give that conveyance or not as may
suit their objects, without much reference to the
public, as in this country. Now, everywhere else
except in the United States public corporations
proposing to carry passengers supply facilities
for the conveyance of such passengers. It is not
so here, and as little so in the case of these par-
ticular railroads as any others in the country. I
hold that what we authorize this Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company and Metropoli-
tan Railroad Company to do is to carry on the
business of common carriers. If they are com-
mon carriers, then I do not see any difficulty in
this question, which has occasioned, as I think,
such unnecessary excitement about the distinc-
tion between blacks and whites. I suppose that
everybody who civilly and respectfully applies
either to have his goods conveyed, if that be the
object of the association, or to have his person
carried, if that be the business engaged in, has a
right to have his freight or his person transposed
by any one authorized to act as a common carrier.
In the same way he has the right to expect that
this common carrier shall furnish to him all the
ordinary and usual facilities and accommodations
to make that transportation comfortable to him.
I have no objection to the amount of business that
these railroads do. I am glad to see them pros-
per. I am glad to see that the directors or stock-
holders m this company, whether in New York •
or Washington, whether in the Senate or House
of Representatives, are getting due profits on their
stock.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to say
one word in reference to a remark which I heard
yesterday, intimating that 1 was a stockholder in
this company.
Mr. SCHENCK. I never dreamed of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 desire to say
that I neverowned, and neverexpect to own, one
dollar of stock in the road. I never gave a vote
in this House on any measure in which I had any
interest whatever other than as a common oitisen
of the.United States. If I ever have ocoasion to
vote under any such circumstancesj i will an->
nounce my interest to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very glad that ihegen-
tleman from New York should have been afforded
this opportunity to make his disclaimer, if he
thought it necessary to do so. 1 do not know
who made the imputation he refers to. 1 never
dreamed of it. I think his integrity and purity
of character is such as to be at once an answer
to any suspicion that he is interested in this com-
