262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
to last forever; a temple of liberty which was to
shield not only themselves but their posterity, and
that men in ail time to come should take refuge
there. And they did not wish, as I have said I did
not wish, to endanger that structure, to do any-
thing that would cause it to totter and fall. They
did not wish to fail in the grand object that they
had in view. Hence they let the minor subject of
slavery go over to other times and other men. It
has therefore now come down to us. Mr. Speaker,
1 look ahead into our history for fifty years to
crime, and I ask the question, suppose the insti-
tution of slavery is to remain interwoven in our
mechanism of government, and our country is
again on account of it to pass through the bloody
trials which now cover our land in mourning and
in sorrow, and have piled upon us a debt which
will tax the energies and wring the sinov/s of our
posterity to pay; suppose you, sir, that our chil-
dren will not censiue and charge upon us as a
mistake that wc did not during the revolution of
these times wipe out forever this disturbing and
dangerous element in our political system?
I again, Mr. Speaker, refer to the State of Ken-
tucky. She was admitted into the Union in 1799.
She is the oldest daughter in the family of States.
She was the first that was admitted after the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution. The great men
of Kentucky of that day, proud and venerable
names, advocated the piopriety of a system of
gradual emancipation. Will my friend from the
May*«villc district, [Mr. Wadswortu,] will my
friend from the Louisville d is ti iet,[Mr.AlALLOuy,]
will any of my friends who oppose this amend-
ment declare it would not have been a great boon
if the original constitution of Kentucky had dis-
posed of slavery forever? Will my very excel-
lent friend [Mr. Clay] say that it would not
have been better for his distinguished and vener-
able father, who was a member of the convention
which framed the fhstconstitution of Kentucky,
would it not have been better for his immediate
ancestors, to have met firmly the question at that
day, and thus relieved the State from slavery, and
the people of that noble Commonwealth of the
terrible sorrows which have since fallen upon
them?
f come now to speak a woid in inference to my
own State of Missouri. She came mm the Union
as it were in the mtdrf of a revolution. For the
purpose only of having a few thousand slaves
there the whole continent shook with the agita-
tion of this Mitssouii question. We were fight-
ing for the prtvilcge of holding a few slaves in
bondage in that gieat State. We forgot the para-
mount good m thh miserable struggle. Does ray
friend [Mr. Hall] from the di.uru uuljoming (he
one that I represent, does any man upon this
floor, tell me (hat it would not have been better
for Missouri at once in JS:20 to have passed an
ordinance for the gradual or immediate enuun ipu-
tion of her slave;--, duvmg the institution beyond
her bouiuhu les ? j f ihei e is Mi«*h a. man he is not
as enlightened on the subject to-day a.s 1 am; he
has not learned as much us I have done.
Why, sir, what is Missouri to-day, and what
would she have been if there had been iuenrpo-
rated at that time with her organic law an ordi-
nance declaring the institution of slaveiy forever
abolished within her limits? We would have
been as Ohio and Illinois and Jowa. We would
have been rid of this curse which is ever reap-
pearing, tin eur.se of slavery, this raw head and
bloody bones, and we would have been clear of
all of these tioubles. We would have had no bands
of guerrillas watering the soil of our State with
the blood of our peaceful citizens. We would
haVe had no armed bodies of men stationed in all
our bordcis to keep the peace. Look at Illinois
just across the father of waters. She cone into
the Union in 1818, two years before Missouri,
and with less population, fewer mineral resources,
not so many riveis nor better facilities for com-
merce, yet she has four thousand miles of lail-
road while Missouri has only twelve hundred.
Illinois has a prospeious, happy, and peaceful
population of two million, while we have only
half this number, and our people are leaving
in every direction seeking homes in the Territo-
ries, in the distant mountains, m South America,
in Mexico, in Illinois, flying; away from the hor-
rible specter of this infernal rebellion. Why is
this? I know of but one real, substantial, spe-
cific reason, and that is that the 'ramus of the
Missouri constitution allowed slavery to remain,
while Illinois was made forever free by the Ordi-
nance of 1787, penned by Thomas Jefferson, a
son of Virginia, and by which Virginia ceded an
empire within itself(the Northwest Territory) to
the United States.
I have been looking up for light from above,
and I begin to see it streaking along the horizon,
however it may be with other gentlemen in this
Hall.
A word or two more and 1 will relieve the at-
tention of the House. If this were a time of pro-
found peace, and this amendment was proposed,
I would not vote for it, and on the score of expe-
diency. Why? Because if we had remained in
a state of profound peace, the very proposal to
submit this amendment to the States would have
disturbed the public tranquillity, and therefore I
would let it alone. But now I vote for it in order
to restore the public tranquillity, believing that
this rebellion having been set on foot, and civil
war raging in the country, you cannot have en-
tire tranquillity without a removal of the cause of
the disturbance. Now, one gentleman intimated
yesterday that if we pass this amendment it will
induce emancipation on the part of the southern
States themselves. But I ask him are they likely
to be governed by any disposition we may make
of this question in this House? Notatall. When-
ever they are pressed to the wall, whenever our
armies shall have planted our standard in every
one of their States, when their principal citics
shall have been taken, when they are " in articulo
mortis," it may be, as a dernier ressort, that they
may strike the shackles from the limbs of the
slaves they now hold. But they will never be gov-
erned by any action we may take upon this or any
other question. Never. Whenever they find it
for their interest to do it, they will do it, and not
before.
One other icmark. Missouri has in advance
adopted this amendment. Now, allow me, al-
though not much given to prophecy, being neither
a prophet nor the son of a piophet,to make one
other prediction upon this door to-day. Itys this:
if t his constitutional amendment be adopted by
this House, or whether it he adopted by this
House or not,it will be adopted by the Congress
which is immediately to succeed this, in less than
ninety days from the time of our adjournment; it
will become the prevailing sentiment, and will be
adopted not alone by the North, but by every
southern State. I do not. doubt it. How? By the
masses of the people, as the masses of the people
of Missouri have adopted it theie. How? When
the poor and humble farmers and mechanics of
the .States of Alabama and Mississippi shall have
left the bloody trials m which they are now en-
gaged to tear down this temple of human liberty;
when they will return perhaps to their desolated
homes; when they shall look once more upon
and hug to their bosoms the wives and children
whom they love, in poverty and in rags; when
they will gOjpeihaps without an arm, or without
an eye,or without a leg, and in poverty to those
who are dependent upon them for suppoit in life,
taught by experience, as 1 have been taught by
experience, they will ask the question of them-
selves," W by all this? What have we been fighting
for?" They will bring to mind the sweet memo-
ries of other days. They will remember the peace-
ful and happy home that they were induced to
leave and which they enjoyed under the benign
influences of wholesome and liberal laws passed
here, and th'ey will inquire," By what sophistry,
by what appeal, by what foice, by what madden-
ing influence is it that we have been induced to
enter into this terrible rebellion? Not to promote
any interest of wife and children, but to destroy
all the blessings vouchsafed to us and to them by
a free Government and equitable laws;" and they
will further ask, " Who has been the author of
my misfortunes, and the luin of my family, my
all?" Sir, they will point to those who hold the
power at Richmond; they will direct their venge-
ance against them; and Davis and his traitorous
crew, as I have said upon a foi mer occasion, will,
like Actccon of old, be in the end destroyed by
their own friends.
I do not doubt this at all. The masses of the
peopleof the South have no special interestin, nor
sympathy with, the institution of slavery. They
never had. The comparative number of slave-
holder is small, and whenever you begin todnve
in the wedge and exemplify the dividing line be-
tween those whose moral convictions say that sla-
very is right, and who are, as a property interest,
identified and associated with it, and that great
volume of humanity who, upon the other'sidc of
the question, deny the moral right of slavery and
have no interest whatever in it, 1 tell you the result
will be nine to oneagainst the institution. Andit
is in this way that in Georgia, in Arkansas, and
in South Carolina, even, at last, the very amend-
ment we propose to adopt hero to-day will receive
the sanction of the good judgment of the people
of those States. I judge from what I have seen
in my own State; I judge from the fact that only
a few years ago men who owned no slaves, but,
controlled by that power, were nearly crazy upou
the subject for fear I would do something to set
my own slaves fiee! And now they are equally
offended with me because I happen to be found m
the unfortunate category of bung the owner of
slaves 1 Southern public sentiment, northern pub-
lic sentiment, American public sentiment, and, I
may add, the sentiment of the civilized world, now,
as from the beginning, from the very day of tho
adoption and ratification of the Constitution, is
against the humanity, the Christianity, and the
expediency of the longer continuance of the insti-
tution of slavery among us. What has Great
Britain done? What has France done? What
has Russia done? Everywhere, even in the des-
potic Governments of the Old World, we find
them getting rid of and abolishing the institution
of slavery. And shall free America lag in a con-
test, and hesitate now, when the question is that
of liberty, and when it may be reached according
to all the forms of law under our Constitution?
Sir—
" Thetc is a tide in the afiatr^ of men.
Winch, taken at the Hood, lead-* en to fortune;
Omitted, all the voyage of tlx u life
Is hound in shallows, and m miM'iic-:."
And this is equally true of nations.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one moio reflection and I
am done. Gentlemen seem to think that the adop-
tion of this amendment is going to lead to some
other and dangerous measures. Sir, I rely upon
the conseivative balance-wheel of my fi lend from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] and others like him to
keep his party fronds fu m goins: too far. iMy
fnend from theLouisviilc dist.net [Mr. Majllory]
tells us that when a movement is once started it
is difficult to stop it. I do not anticipate the evils
which some gentlemen upon this side of the House
seem to fear. I rely upon the good sense and sound
judgment of the people of all the States, i believe,
as much as I believe anything, that the permanent
and continued existence of our free institutions is
dependent upon the preservation of that beautiful
harmony which exists between the powers of the
States and of the General Government. 1 want
to see no mtrenchment further than is absolute)/
necessary to preserve the whole machine, nt! er
by the General Government upon the nghtful,
constitutional powers of the States, or upon the
pai t of the States on the rightful points of con-
stitutional power to the General Government.
Not only the harmony and beauty, but the very
strength of our political system consists in the
preservation of both; r>.nd i do not believe, al-
though it is frequently ascribed to gentlemen upon
the other side of the Hons:, that it is their pur-
pose to use these vast centralized powers of agreat
consolidated Government with a view of oppress-
ing the people of any one of the States. Any op-
pression which the people of the South now undergo
is the effect of their own false teaching and con-
duct; and whether that oppression shall continue,
whether their country shall be still further deso-
lated, whether their towns and Cit.r^ shall be still
further sacked and burned, whether their property
shall be still further taken, depends, not upon
not upon the General Govvrnvient, but it depends
vpon the people of the southern Slates themselves. £
would rely ever on the libu'aluy, the sound judg-
ment, and the good faith of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley.] Let these men who have rebelled
without cause and without excuse come back and
rely upon him and the gentleman from Vermont
to do them full and ample justice, and to treat
them liberally and in the spirit of broad and gen-
eral philanthropy.
One word more (for the field still opens) to my
Democratic friends. 1 have the i^ood or the bad
fortune of bung rather unite middle .«f the i louse,
