1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
repeal all the bounties allowed to fishermen. I
think the time has come when that question can he
fully considered,and when these bounties can be
repealed. But the proposition is not germane to
this bill; and the Committee on Commerce, there-
fore, did not consider the question of repeal of the
fishing bounties in connection with it.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I am very glad that
the gentleman from Illinois anticipates the action
of a future Congress on this subject. I speak
earnestly when I say that I believe these bounties
should be repealed, it is an outrage on certain
sections of the country, as we all know. I do not
wish to discuss the question now. I am only sorry
that I cannot be in the next Congress to vote with
my friend from Illinois for the repeal of the fish-
ing bounties.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COX. Yes, with the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, who holds the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman whether
he proposes, in connection with this, to strike
down the protection of the lake commerce?
Mr. COX. If 1 were a member of the next
Congress I certainly should do so.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman promised at
the last session of Congress that he would do that
at this session, but he has not moved in the matter.
Mr. COX. I will try and gratify the gentle-
man before Congress adjourns.
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose you will, after the
4th of March. '
Mr. COX. I want the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to get rid of these oner-
ous bounties, and to strike down aii these monop-
olizing and protective influences in New England.
The great question hereafter to be agitated in the
country, now that the negro question is out of
the way, is, shall we protect all classes equally ?
The people of the country are determined 
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make one remark before he sits dpwn ?
Mr. ELIOT. I must resume the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. ft single moment 
Mr. ELIOT. I want to say one word in reply
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] I am
very sorry, Mr. Speaker, that he will not be in
the next Congress, where he might have an op-
portunity to record his vote on the question of
the repeal of the fishing bounties. I have just
received a petition which purports to be signed
by the owners of the largest fleet engaged in cod
fisheries on our coast, asking, in view of the con-
dition of the country, that those bounties which
the gentleman from Ohio is so indignant against
may be repealed. If the matter had been brought
to the attention of the Committee on Commerce
at atime when such a measure could have been
introduced, with such protection to their rights
as is proper, the committee would have been pre-
pared to act on it.
My friend the chairman, [Mr. Washbcrne,]
was right m what he said, that we-hope to have
an opportunity at next Congress to introduce
such a bill; and I trust it will receive the support
of the distinguished gentleman who will succeed
my fuend from Onio. I now move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the Dili was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CDSTOUS OFFICERS AT NEW YORK.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois, from theCom-
mittee on Commerce,reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R, No. 729)
to amend the act relating to officers employed in
the examination of imported merchandise in the
district of New York; the question being on or-
denng the bill to be engrossed and read the third
Ume.
1 he bill was read, as follows:
P°. U cnaclal hy tke Senate and House of Representatives
£"' Xjiuted&tutRsof Jlmericain Congressassnnhleti Th-it
111 lieu of the appraisers now authorized bv law for tlie an
nr.iwement ot goods, wares, and merch-mHi,? 1 e fP
k-,v York, the'pre.ilent
with tiie advice and consent of the Senate, appointor 4m
port one appraiser who sji.iU £e practicalTa" mainled
with the quality and value „t some otu! or more It re d.fef
article* ol importation subject to !Wrois.,mcm, and w o
before he enters upon the duties of his. office, sdmll tnk«nnd
subsenb^an oath iaitht'ully to direct iind supervise the ex-
amination, inspection, and appraisement according 10 Jaw,
of'sueh goods, wares, and merchandise as the collator may
direct, and to cause to be duly reported to ihe collector the
true value thereof,as required by Jaw. And the appraiser,
m cases of his necessary and occasional absence, may per-
form his Amotions, ad interim, by deputy, designated by him
in writing, from the assistant appraisers to be appointed un-
der the provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu of the as-
sistant appraisers now authorized by law for the port of
New York, the Secretary ot the Treasury may appoint not
exceeding nine assistant appraisers for said port, who shall
be practically acquainted with the quality and value of
some one or more of the chief articles of impoilation sub-
ject to appraisement, and included among the goorN, ware*,
or merchandise, to tite examination and appraisement of
which they are respectively to be assigned, and who shall
be employed in appraising goods, according to law, under
the direction and supervision of the appraiser; and each
of whom shall, before entering upon the dutiesof his office,
take and subscribe an oath diligently and faithfully to ex-
amine and inspect such goods, wares, and merchandise as
the appraiser may direct, and truly to report to him the true
value thereof according to law; such report to be subject
to revision and correction by the appraiser, and when ap-
proved by him to be transmitted to the collector, and to be
deemed and taken to be the appraisement by the United
States local appraiser of the district of such goods, wares,
or merchandise required by law.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurther enacted, That oneof the assistant
appraisers to be appointed by virtue of this act, with spe-
cial reference to his qualifications for the duties in this
section set forth, bhall, in addition to the duties that may
be required of him by the appraiser, perform the duties and
act in the place and stead of the special examinerof drugs,
medicines, chemical4:, &c., at the port of New York, as
provided by the act of June 26,. 1848, chapter seventy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thar, in lieu "of the
clerks now employed in the examination, inspection, and
appraisement ot goods, wares, and merchandise at the port
ot New York, the Secretary of the Treasury may, on the
nomination of the appraiser, appoint such number of ex
aminers as said Secretary may deem necessary, their com-
pensation to be limited and fixed by him, to aid each of
fcaid assistant appraisers in the examination, inspection,
and appraisement of goods, wares, and merchandise ac-
cording to law; and no person shall be appointed such ex-
amine) who is not at the time of his appointment piaetically
and thoroughly acquainted with the character, quality, and
value of the article or articles in the examination and ap-
praisement of which he is to be employed; nor shall any
such examiner enter upon the discharge of his duties as
such until heshall have taken and subscribed an oath laith-
fully and diligently to discharge such duties according to
iaw ; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall also appoint,
on the nomination of the appraiser, the cleiks, samplers,
messengers, and other assistants employed in the apprais-
er's office, and shall limit and fix their number and com-
pensation.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for the appraiser, the assistant appraisers, examiners,
clerks, samplers, messengers, or other assistants or anv ot
them, to engage or be employed in any commercial or nVr-
eantile business, or act as agent for any person engaged in
such business, during the term of their appointment.
Sec. 6. Atxd be it further enacted, That the appraiser
who may be apppointed under the provisions of tins act
shall receive a compensation of $5,000 per annum, and the
assistant appraisers shall each receive a compensation of
$3,500 per annum, to be paid out of the proceeds of the
customs.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatthe compensation
allowed respectively to the appraiser and the assistant ap-
praisecg, under the provisions or this act, shall be paid to
them in monthly payments, and iif due proportion for any
period less than one month, for the time they inav actually
serve. *
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be. and
the same are hereby, repealed; and all provisions of existing
acts relating to the duties of the appraisers now provided
for bylaw, or to any proceedings consequent or dependent
upon the action of sueh appraisers, and not inconsistent
with the provisions of this act, shall be construed to apply
to the appraisers and assistant appraisers provided for by
this act, and stinu be continued m full force, and lhat liiis
act shall take effect on and after the 1st day of Apnl, JS6S.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
This bill creates a great many officers, and pro-
vides that their salaries shall be paid out of the
customs duties received at the portof New York.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That part
of the bill is alteied by an amendment which I
propose offering, if the gentleman will suspend
his point of order for a moment,
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
understand the point of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Holman.] I would state that the
committee propose to amend the bill so that these
officers shall be paid precisely in the same man-
ner as other officers of the customs are paid. If
gentlemen desire any explanation of this bill I
will give it in a few words.
The bill which has just been read is the result
of examinations made'in relation to custom-house
matters in New York city for the last two years.
I he Solicitor of the Treasury and a special agent
of the Treasury Department were there for a long
time, and made a report upon this whole *ub-
| ji'Ct. A bill was drawn up by the Secretary of the
i] Treasury and the Solicitor of (he Treasury, de-
; signed to cover certain abuses which are alleged
to exist in the custom-house in New York city;
and this bill is for that purpose.
TTnder existing laws there are now five ap-
praisers and five assistant appraisers in the cus-
tom-house in New York city. The appraisers
receive an annual salary of §2,500 each; the as-
sistant appraisers a salary of §2,000 each. -The
total amount of salaries received under existing
laws, by the appraisers and assistant appraisers,
is $22,500. The result of the examination and
observation of all parties connected with this mat-
ter was that the system of appraisement in New
York was materially defective, and that great
abuses have grown up under it. It is proposed
by this bill, instead of having these five appraisers
| and five assistant appraisers, all the five apprais-
I ers being equal, and there being no head, to make
one appraiser, and nineassistantappraisera. That
is what the bill itself proposes. 'I he Committee
on Commerce propose to amend the bill by strik-
ing out" nine "and inserting " six" as the num-
ber of assistant appraisers; so that there will be
in all se.ven appraisers, one chief and six assist-
ants. The bill as sent to the committee proposed
that the chief appraiser should receive an annual
salary of £5,000, and the assistant appraisers an
annual salary of §3,500 each. The committee
propose to reduce the salary of the chief appraiser
from §5,000 to §4,000, and the salaries of the as-
sistant appraiseis from $3,500 to §3,000 each,and
by the third section we propose to make one of
these assistant appraisers ex officio the inspector
of drugs, thus doing a way with that office entirely,
which is now filled at an annual salary of §2,000;
and in addition to the amendments 1 have men-
tioned, the committee propose an amendment,
which will meet the point suggested by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] that these
; officers shall be paid precisely as other officers of
i customs are paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. The sixth section expressly
provides that this chief appraiser and the assist-
ant appraisers shall be •« paidoutof the proceeds
of the customs." That may mean that they'shall
be paid in gold.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To save
any question, I will move an amendment when
j we reach that portion of the bill. I now move to
! amend section two by striking out the word "nine"
and inserting the word " six," as the number of
! assistant appraisers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
to amend section six by striking out the word
"five" before the word " thousand" and insert-
ing the word "four,"as the salary of the chief
appiaiser.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. J now move
to amend the same section by striking out the
words '* five hundred," after the words *( three
thousand," so that the salary of the assistant ap-
praisers shall be $3,000 instead of $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of illi nois. 1 now move
to amend the same section by striking out the
words at the close, " out of the proceeds of the
customs," and inserting the words " in the same
manner as officers of the customs," That portion
of the section will then read, " to be paid in the
same manner as officers of the customs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by inserting nt the end of the fifth section
the following:
JIM it is hereby prori,<ed, That, if nny appraiser, assistant
appraiser, clerk, sampler, nn'^sen^jr, or outer assistant shall
violate the provisions of this hoctiou, Mich per>on shall be
tivm office, and shall he defined iruiUy of n mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction thereon*! anv court of coin-
p'-t'-'nt jurisdiction Khali be punished by :i lint* of not kstf
i.ian and imprisonment at the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move fur-
ther to amend by striking out all nfitr the word
" paid" in the third line of the seventh section,
and inserting in lieu thereof" in the same man-
ner as officers of the customs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.CHANLER. I rise-toaddr essitn inquiry
