264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Island [Mr. Jenckes] commented upon last even-
ing. The whole theory upon which he proceeds
is found in that short utterance, " the compact of
confederation," and you need not go beyond that
to find the whole strength of his argument. If I
understand the gentleman, he holds that each
State is sovereign; that in their sovereign and'in-
dependent capacity the States, each for itself,
granted to the Convention that framed the Consti-
tution the power to form a Constitution of gov-
ernment, and that the States, as such, were the
source and fountain of that power. What they
did not grant they reserved. They did not grant
the right to control the subject of slavery. Hence
that question was reserved to the States, and no
amendment by the modes pointed out in the Con-
stitution can reach it. This, I believe, js ei suc-
cinct and just statement of his argument. The
whole question turns upon the sovereignty and
independence of the States. Are they sovereign
and independent now? Were they ever so? 1
shall endeavor to answer.
I appeal to the facts of history, and to bring
them clearly before us, 1 affirm:
I. That prior to the 4th day of July, 1776, these
colonies were neither free nor independent. Their
sovereignty was lodged in the Crown of Great
Britain. 1 believe no man will deny this. Itwas
admitted even ill the first declaration of right by
the revolutionary Congress that assembled in 1774
to pray for a redress of grievances. That body
expressly admitted that the sovereignty of those
colonies lodged in the Crown of Great Britain. It
has been taught by Jay and Story, ayd has been
so decided by the Supreme Couit of the United
States. (See Chisholm us. State of Georgia, 2
Dallas, 240.)
II. 1 affirm that no colony declared itself free
and independent. Neither Virginia, New Yoilc,
or Massachusetts declated itself free end inde-
pendent of the Crown of GreatBritain. The dec-
laration was made, not even by the whole of the
colonies as colonies; but thi' declaration was made
in the name of " the good people of the colonies,"
as a people.
In the following paragraph the sovereignty and
its maintenance were transferred from the Ciown
ofGreat Britain to the whole people of the colonies:
" We, therefore, the rfpicsoiiuuives of the United fc^tn te-a
Of Allium'.!, Ill Geneial (Jollies-, IKseilltlteit, .ippe.ilm" to
the .Supreme .finite ot'the woild lor theiroiittule oi'mn in-
tentions,do in the name and hy the atuimniv of tin: good
people ot thesfi colonics solemnly publish anil declare that
these United Colonies are, and ot right oufjht to he, fice and
independent State*; that they are absolved fiom all alle-
giance to the HntishUiown, and th.it all political connection
between them and the Bute ot Great Britain i-,a d ou^ht
to be, totally dissolved *, and that as ire<  and independent
States they have full power to levy war, conclude peace,
contract alliances, establish commerce, and to do all other
acts and things which independent, Stated may of t i; ht do.
And for tiie suppoit ot t hit, declaiation, with a Yum h-lianee
on the protection of divine 1'iovideneo, we mutually pledge
U> each othei our lives, our toilune?, and onr.sieiea honor."
In vindication of this view i road from the 197th
page of tiiu first volume of Justice Story's Com-
mentaries:
"The colonies did no|, severally act for themselves and
proclaim their own independence, (t is true that «uin' of
the States had previously loaned incipient i ovej mucins tor
themselves, but it was done m compliance wall the recom-
mendations of Con^ics-j," * * * * *
'•But the declaration of the independence of all the col-
onies was the united act of all. It was (a declination by
ih( rcptcsentatives: of the United rirate.-, of Ame) tea in (Jon-
gre^ assembled;' ' by the delegates appointed hy the good
people of the colonic-.,' as in «i prioi dedaiation of rights
they were called. It was not an act done by the tftute gov-
cimncnts then organized ; nor by puMnus chosen by them.
It wasemphatieally the. ict of the whole people ot the Uni-
ted Colonies, by the instrumentality of then representatives,
chosen for that, among other put poses*. i t wns an act not
competent to the State £oveiument.s, 01 any of thorn,as or-
ganized under their charter, to adopt. "Tho.-e charters
neither contemplated the ca^c not piouded tor it. it was
an tictofoiiginalj inheient "uvereiynty hy the people them-
selves, resulting from theirri^'bt toeh.mire the j'onn ofgov-
ernment, and to institute a new government whenever ne-
cessary lor their safety arid happiness So the Declaration
of Independence Heats it. No State had pi canned of itself
to foim a new Government, or to provide for tlie exigencies
of the timef, without consulting Congress on the subject;
and when they acted, ltwat. m pursuance of the recom-
mendation of Congio-w. It was, therefoie, the achieve-
ment of the whole tor the benefit of the whole. The people
of the United Colonies made the United Colonies free arid
independent States, and absolved them from all allegiance
to the British Crown. The Declaiation ot Independence
has accoidingly always been treated as an actot paramount
and sovereign author ity, complete and periect, per se and
ipso facto working an entire dissolution of all political con-
nection with and allegiance to Great Britain. And this, not
merely as a practical fact, hut in a legal and constitutional
view of the matter by couita of justice.
When these people of the colonies became free,
having withdrawn the sovereignty from the Crown
ofGreat Britain, where did they lodge it? Not
in the States; but so far as they delegated it at all,
they lodged it in the revolutionary Congress then
sitting at Philadelphia. My colleague dissents.
I ask his attention again to the language of this
distinguished commentator on page 200, volume
one:
" In the next place, we have seen that the power to do
this act was not derived from the State governments, nor
was it done generally with their cooperation. TJic ques-
tion naturally piexpnts itself, if it is to he considered as a
national act. in what manner did the colonies become a
nation, and in what manner did Congress become pos-
se?s«cd of this national power? The true answer mus-t be
that as soon as Congiet-s assumed to pass measures which
weie m their nature national, to that extent the people,
fiom whose acquiescence and consent they took effect,
miis-t be considfied as ogieeing to form a nation."
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask my col-
league from what power the delegates vrlio sat
in that Congress derived their authority to make
that declaration; whether they did not cierive Jt
from the colonies, or the States, if the gentleman
prefers that word, and whether each delegate did
not speak m the Congress for the State govern-
ment which authorized him to speak there?
Mr. GAlvFlELD. I say, in answer to the point
the gentleman makes, as I have already said,and
in thelunguage of this distinguished commentator,
that the moment the revolutionary Congress as-
sumed national prerogatives, and the people by
their silence consented, that, moment the people
of the colonics were constituted anation,and that
revolutionary Congress was the authorized Gov-
ernment of that nation. But the declaration was
made <{ by the authonty of the good people," and
hence it was their declaration.
Mr. PENDLETON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him whether from that moment
they became the representatives of the nation, or
whether they still retained their position as rep-
resentatives of the States?
Mr. GARFIELD. They were both. They
were still repiesentatives of the States; but the
additional function was added of their beins na-
tional representatives as well as State. They
then took upon them that which now belongs to
the gentleman, the twofold quality of State citi-
zenship and national citizenship. The gentleman
is twice a citizen, subject to two jurisdictions;
and so were they. *
III. The sovereignty of this people, then, was
first lodged in the revolutionary Congress; and
it continued there until the 1st day of March,
1781, when they lodged it in the Articles of Con-
federation. They established then a confeder-
acy, properly so called; and even that confeder-
acy was declared to establish a "perpetual Union."
Even it, with all its loose phrases and provisions,
left small ground for the doctrine of secession.
IV. On the 21st day of June, 1788, a new lodg-
ment of this sovereignty of the American people
was made, it was then lodged in this Constitution
of the United States under which we now act—
lodged there by the action of the people, in each
of these successive steps the people have altered
and amended the fundamental law of the land as
it has pleased them. In each change they have
made a stronger and safer Government.
if the gentleman-looks, then, for a kind of po-
litical " apostolicsuccession" of American sover-
eignty, he will find it m this order, and this would
be the genealogy: first, the Crown and Parlia-
ment of Great Britain; second, the revolutionary
Congress; third, the Articles of Confederation;
and fourth and now, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Well, now, if no one of these colonies was sov-
ereign and independent, when and how did any
of the States become so? The gentleman must
show us by whose act it was done and read us
the recoid. I think i have shown that the gen-
tleman's position has no foundation in history.
But let us suppose, for the sake of argument,
that up to the day of the adoption of our present
Constitution the colonies were separately sover-
eign and independent. Who made the Constitu-
tion an authoritative instrument? It tells its own
story best. " We, the people of the United States,
in order to form a more perfect Union, &c., do
ordain and establish this Constitution5>—not " we
the sovereign States, do enter a league, or form a
compact of confederation." in that great initial
action of the people what limits or restrictions
confined them? Absolutely no human power, no
barriers of sovereignty. There was nothing to
restrain them but the laws of nature and the laws
of God as they understood them. Over that lim-
itless expanse they ranged at will, and out of such
material as their wisdom selected they built the
fabric of our Constitution.
And now I askmy colleague [Mr. Pendleton]
by what means the will of this nation reaches me
with its obligations? i answer, only asthatwfli
is revealed to me m the logical and grammatical
meaning of the words and phrases of the written
Constitution. Beyond this there is, there can be,
no legal force or potency. If the amending power
granted in the Constitution beinany way abridged
or restricted, such restriction must be found in the
just meaning of the instrument itself. Any other
doctrine would overthrow the whole fabric of ju-
risprudence. What are the limitations of the
amending power? Plainly and only these:
"That no amendment which may he made pnor to the
year 1808 nhall m any manner afiWu the thst ami fourth
clauses in the ninth section ot the fli^t article; and that no
State, without its consent, -hall b<* deprived of its equal
feuiliage in the Senate."'—Article V.
The first being only restricted to the year 1808,
is of couise functus officio, and no longer oper-
ative; the last is still binding. The gentleman
[Mr. Pendleton] does not claim that any other
sentence is restrictive; but there issornethingnot
wiitten down, a terilum quid, a kind of exhala-
tion rising out of the depths of the Constitution,
that has the power of itself to stay the hand uf
the people of this great Republic in their attempt
to put away an evil that is deleterious to the na-
tion's life. He would lead us in pursuit of these
intangible shadows, would place us in the domin-
ion of vogue, invisible powers that exhale, like
odors, from the Constitution,butare more potent
than the Constitution itself. Such an ignis fatwus
lam not disposed to follow, especially when it
leads to a hopeful future for human slavery.
it is therefoie evident to me that wo are not lim-
ited in the power of amendment beyond what is
fairly written down as a prohibition.
The able and distinguished gentlemen from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botjtwell] failed to con-
vince me in the point he made yesterday that the
preamble could not be amended. \ ask him to
consider this: could our forefathers have adopted
a different preamble when they were making the
original Constitution; could they have put it in
other words, or could they have declared other
objects as the basis of their Constitution? If they
could have made a different preamble, declaring
other and different objects, so can we now de-
clare other objects in our amendments. The pre-
amble is itself amendable just as is every clause
of the Constitution, excepting only the ones al-
ready referred to.
The gentleman [Mr. Pendleton] puts another
case which I wish to notice. He says that nme
of the thirteen original colonies adopted the Con-
stitution, and by the very terms of it it was bind-
ing only on the nine. So if three fourths of the
States should pass this amendment it would not
bind the other fourth.
in commentmgupon this clause Judge Tucker,
of Virginia, in his appendix to Blackstone, says
that if the four colonies had not adopted the Con-
stitution they would have been a foreign peo-
ple. The writers of the Federalist hold a dif-
feient doctrine, and fall back upon the original
right of the nation to preserve itself, and say
that the nine States would have had the right to
compel the other four to comejn. But the ques-
tion is unimportant from the fact that they did
come in and adopt the Constitution. The con-
tract once ratified, and obligations once taken,
they became an integral part of an indivisible na-
tion, as indivisible as a State. I therefore agree
in full with my colleague from the Columbus dis-
trict, [Mr. Cox,] that with the exception of the
two cases of limitation, two thirds of Congress
and three fourths of the States can do anything
in the way of amendment, being bounded only by
their patiiotism and sense of duty. The field is
therefore open to us, completely and fully opened.
I ask now what those gentlemen propose by
delaying the death-day of slavery ? 1 wish they
might become so jealous of their betrothed that
they would say of her even out of the depths of
their love as did Othello the Moor:
" Yet she mutt die, else she'll betray more men."
