1865.
THE C0KG-EESSI03SFAL GLOBE.
265
Has she not betrayed and slain men enough?
Are they not strewn over a thousand battle-fields ?
Is not this Moloch of slavery gorged with the
bloody feast? Gentlemen, you know the day of
its death is fast approaching. Nothing can stay it.
The States are freeing themselves one by one;
and you know that in a few weeks at furthest
another Congress will strike the blow if *you do
not. We ask you, then, in the name of justice,
in the name of the Republic, hold not back the
uplifted sword now drawn to strike the final blow;
strike down; grant no reprieve to the bloodiest of
malefactors.
I did not intend, Mr. Speaker, ever to address
this House upon the subject of slavery. I had
almost promised myself that I might turn my
thoughts to other and larger fields soon to open
before us; but when I saw the institution main*
tained again and again in this House I eould not
resist my inclination to strike one blow in hope
of hastening its doom.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, severally with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, a joint resolution and bill of the House
of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) authorizing the
President of the United States to give to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain the notice required for
the termination of the reciprocity treaty of the 5th
of June,18fi4; and
An act(H. R. No. 598) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, I860.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, an act (II. R. No. 458) for the relief of
G-eoige Mowrey.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely postponed
a joint resolution and bills of the following titles,
namely:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 94) for the relief
of Peter W heeler;
An act (II. R. No. 43) for the relief of Milo
Sutliff and Levi H. Case;
An act (H. R. No. 261) to provide for the vol-
untary enlistment of any persons residents of cer-
tain States into the regiments of other States;
An act (H. II. No. 516) for the relief of Francos
Munson; and
An act (II. R. No, 520) for the rpliof ofSamuel
Beaston, master of the schooner George Harris.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
595) for the relief of Edmund S. Zcvely, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up the
resolution in relation to the reciprocity treaty,
and concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I object, i should like
to have the mutter further considered.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
that the Senate amendments to the deficiency bill
be taken from the Speaker's table,and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Mparts.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY—AGAIN.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know who has the
floor, but I should be glad if I could have, now
that I am up, ten minutes of some gentleman's
time.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I will
yield the gentleman a few minutes of my time.
Mr. STEVENS. I will detain the House but
u few minutes. 1 see, upon looking at the Globe
of yesterdfiy, that my distinguished colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton*,] jf I understand his language
atight—and he always speaks with <{ classic accu-
racy "—has exonerated those in arms in the rebel
States from the responsibility of this bloody war
and placed it upon the shoulders of the gentleman
ftom Pennsylvania, (myself,) and those who act
and think with him m this House.
Sir, that is a grave chaige, coming especially
from a ge'ntleman who seeks one of the highest
places in this nation, and who may possibly re-
ceive a few votes for it; and it is therefore, I think,
proper that my position, and the position of those
who act with me, with regard to this question
and our responsibility for the cause of this war,
should be in a few summary words set forth in
connection with this debate.
Mr. PENDLETON. I only desire that the
gentleman shall quote the language I used in im-
mediate connection with the interpretation which
he is giving it.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman said—
" Let him be careful, lest when the passions of these times
be passed away, and the historian shall go back to discover
where was the original infraction of the Constitution, he
may find that sin lies at the door of others than the people
now in arms."
This was addressed to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] to the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] and others
who have acted and thought with me. I infer
from this, if I can understand the " classical accu-
racy" of the gentleman, that he means that we,
and not they, were the cause of this war.
Mr. Speaker, that charge, as 1 have stated, is
a grave one, and if true ought to induce us, not
only to feel great regret, but deep remorse for our
conduct. What, then, up to the timeof the break-
ing out of this rebellion, was the position of " the
gentleman from Pennsylvania," and those who
acted with him upon the subject of slavery, that
caused this war? I beg but a few moments to
state it.
From my earliest youth I was taught to read
the Declaration of Independence and to revere its
sublime principles. As I advanced in life and
became somewhat enabled to consult the writings
of the great men of antiquity, I found m all their
works which have survived the ravages of time and
come down to the present generation, one unani-
mous denunciation of tyranny and of slavery, and
eulogy of liberty. Homer, .^Esehyius the great
Greek tragedian, Cicero, liesiod, Virgil, Taci-
tus, and Sallust, in immortal language, all de-
nounced slavery as a thing which took away half
the man and degraded human beings, and sang
peans in the noblest strains to the goddess of lib-
erty. And my hatred of this infernal institution
and my love of liberty were further inflamed as (
saw the inspired teachings of Socrates and the di-
vine inspirations of Jesus.
Being fixed in these principles, immovably and
immutably, I took my stand among my fellow-
citizens, and on all occasions, whether in public
or in private, in season and, if there could he such
a time, out of season, 1 never hesitated to express
those ideas and sentiments, and when I first went
into public assemblies, forty years ago, I uttered
this language, j have done it amid the pelting
and hooting of mobs, but I never quailed before
the infernal spirit, and I hope I never shrank from
the responsibility of my language.
When, thirty years ago, i entered the Legis-
lature of the State which I now in part represent,
I cairied with nif the same feeling and the same
determination; for this fcehng grew with my
growth arid strengthened with my strength, but I
thank God it has not decayed with enfeebling age.
Carrying into that body these same feelings,
I there expressed them, and at one time found a
unanimous Democratic party to respond to them
in the strongest n solution that 1 could draw. The
noble Governor, the first that our party elected in
those times, Governor Ritner, who is now spend-
ing an honored old age in retirement, in the first
message that had come since 1780 on that subject,
denounced the daik spirit of slavery.
When, fifteen years ago, I was honored with a
seatin this body, it was dangerous to talk against
this institutional danger which gentlemen now
here will never be able to appreciate. Some of
us, however, have experienced it; my friend from
Illinois on my nght [Mr. Wasiitscrne] has.
And yet, sir, I did not hesitate, in the midst of
bowie-knives and levolvers and howling demons
upon the other side of the House, to «rand*heic
and denounce this infamous institution in lan-
guage which possibly now, on looking at it, I
might deem intemperate, but which 1 then deemed
necessary to rouse the public attention and cast
odium upon the worst institution upon earth, one
which is a disgrace to man and would be an an-
noyance to the infernal spirits.
Mr. Speaker, while I thus denounced it and
uttered my sentiments in favor of universal free-
dom everywhere, I found in the Constitution of
my country what I construed, whatever others
may think,as a prohibition from touching slavery
where it existed; and through all my coarse I
recognized and bowed to a provision in that Con-*
stitution which I always regarded asits only blot;
and I challenge the scrutiny of my respected col-
league on the Committee of Way a and Means,
or any other gentleman, through all the records
of utterances in« this House, to find one single
motion or one single word which claimed on our
part to touch slavery in the States where it'ex-
isted. We admitted that it was therer protected
by that instrument. We claimed that in'the Ter-
ritories we had full power over it,and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and I, with those who acted
with me, could not hesitate as to what our duty
required in excluding it from the free soil of the
country and confining it to the spots it already
polluted. I claimed the right to abolish it in the
District of Columbia, as Congress was the only
Legislature on earth that could touch it here. I
heard the great man of the Westonce say that it
was a sin and shame to believe that there was
no power on earth that coufd abolish it over every
inch of ground in the world. But, sir, I did not
claim early to act upon it here, but I rather, pro-
posed to let it rest until a more propitious mo-
ment bhould arrive before we acted upon it.
Such, sir, was my position, and the position of
the party with which I actod in this Hall—not
disturbing slavery where the Constitution pro-
tected it, but abolishing it wherever we had the
constitutional power, and prohibiting its further
extension. I claimed the right then, as I claim
the right now, to denounce it everywhere, even
m foreign lands, so that if such language could
an vwhere affect public sentiment it might do so.
I claimed the right then, as I claim it now, to
hedge it into the smallest space; but no man with
whom 1 acted ever proposed to violate the Con-
stitution for the purpose of touching slavery.
So much on that point. One other word, not
directly on that. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Pendleton] says that I go on the maxim that
"what is broken in one thing is broken in all," and
that hence, if there was one infraction of the Con-
stitution it was dissolved. That is the coinage of
the gentleman'sown fertile brain. I never uttered
such a sentiment nor held it. The Constitution
may be violated in many parts, and remain intact
in all others. The gentleman had, perhaps nat-
urally enough, confounded what I had said with
what he finds in a sacred book, where it is said
that a violation of the least of the commandments
is a violation of all. It was not I that said it, but
another much greater.
• Ingenious gentlemen argue, and many honest
men will delude their consciences in voting, in
favor of still sustaining the institution on the
ground that the Constitution does not allow an
amendment on this point. They goon the ground
that the subject of slavery has not been intrusted
to us by the States, and that therefore it is re-
served. Now, as the Constitution now stands,
that is true. But we aie not now inquiring
whether we have jurisdiction over slavery. We
are inquiring whether the States have granted to
us the power of amendment. That is the sub-
ject—not the subject of slavery, not the subject
of religion, not the subject of anythingelse—but,
| havc^the States yielded to Congress the right to
| amend5 If t h^y have, then the whole question is
! answered. Not only have they gianted that
j power, but wherever they intended to exceptany-
I thing from the power of amendment, they have
! said so. My learned fnend knows that when a
: statute excepts certain things, every thing else is
; meant by it. Will the Cieik read the clause of
I the Constitution ?
I The Clerk read,as follows:
'•The Ooii^rc-s-, Hbeitovcr two third? of both Houses
; shall dcnjn it uecr"> ,irv, shall piopose amendments to this
' Con. htnnoti, <u, on the application of the Lrgu.l.ittires of
twoUnuMit ih'1 "-cvral rM.nc:-, shall call a convention for
ptopnamendment-, which, in oi(her ease, shall be valid
mn!! intent- ;m<i pmpoM'v.a* part uftiiib Constitution, when
bv t!x- L( <ri.-iai.m"< ot tlnee fourths of the several
^t«Ue-,oi hy r o'lvention- m thfe lourtln thereof, us the one
or the other modi1 of unification may he ptopo.-ed by the
Co!)<>ie:s.-=; pi ovided that no amendment winch may he made
pnoi to thy \ear 160d shall in any manner affect the fust
ami t'niirth e!:iu- t> in the ninth -action of the £rst aiticie;
and that no  ^tate, without its eon-sent^ shall be deprived of
its equal ^ullragc in the Senate."
