1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1038
recovery of such fine, penalty, or forfeiture by
either of the parties thereto, and such examination
shall not deprive such witness of his or her share
or interest in such fine, penalty, or forfeiture.
Mr. ELIOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to move to amend by striking out
the words "made perpetual" and inserting in
lieu thereof the word ii reenacted;" so that it
will read, " and the same is hereby revived and
reenacted."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move to add the following
as an additional section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, tThat in case any store,
warehouse, or other building shall be upon or near the
boundary hue between the United States and any foreign
country, and there is reason to believe that dutiable goods
are deposited or have been placed therein, or carried
through or into the same without paymentof duties, and in
violation of law, and the collector, deputy collector, naval
officer, or surveyor of customs shall make oath before any
magistrate competent to administer the same, that he has
reason to believe and does believe that such offense has
been therein committed, such officer shall have the right
to search such building and the premises belonging thereto;
aud if any such poods shall be found therein, the same,
together with such building, shall he seized, forfeited,and
disposed of according to law, and the said building shall
be forthwith taken down or removed, and any person or
persons who shall have received or deposited in such build-
ing, or carried through the same, any goods a« aforesaid, or
shall have aided therein, in violation of law, shall, upon
due conviction before any court of competent jurisdiction,
be punished by fine not exceeding $10,000, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding two years, or by both such fine and
imprisonment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to move to add the following
as an additional section:
See. 4. Jtnd be it further enacted, That the first section
of the act of April 2, 1844, entitled " An act directing the
disposition of certain unclaimed goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, seized for being illegally imported into the Uni-
ted States," be so amended that in place of the word
"one," wherever the same may be found m said section,
the word " five" shall be inserted.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] who
has charge of this bill, to make some explanation
of the full scope of the bill, it seems to me
that it is intended to interfere with smuggling;
but I could not fully understand it from hearing
it read' from the Clerk's desk. I would ask the
gentleman to explain a little more fully the appli-
cation of this bill. The interests which 1 repre-
sent in part are more or less commercial, and I
should be glad to understand the bill before 1 am
called upon to vote on it. I do not ask this for
the purpose of caviling, but I ask for informa-
tion.
Mr. ELIOT. I will answer the gentleman by
sending to the Clerk's desk to be read u letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, January 11, i860.
Sir : I have the honor of submitting for your considera-
tion inclosed draft of a "bill to revive part of an act therein
named, and for other purposes."
The numerous expedients resorted to recently to evade
the customs laws, and delraud the revenues, especially on
our extended northern and northeastern frontiers, render
additional legislation of the character designed by tins bill
highly desijdble. The act of March 3, 1815, (3 Stat., p.
Q3J,) part of which the bill is intended to revive, oxpued
by limitation of the act of March 3, 1817, (3 Stat., 39(j,) by
which it was tempoiarily revived, andsince then there has
existed no authouty lor stopping and searching carnages
and other land vehicles other than those crossing our fiout-
ier*. It is proposed to revive thn authority, and to ex-
tend the provisions of the sixty-eighth section of the col-
lection act of 1799, authorizing searches of houses, &.c.,
under proper judicial warrants to inspectors.
This is believed to be necessary, as many of the collec-
tion district® are so large that the delays consequent upon
procuring the *( special" authority now required from col-
lectors, naval officers, or surveyors for suing out search
warrants to be executed at points remote fioin the port of
entry, ot ten fiustiate the objects sought to be accomplished.
I think it would add materially to the efficacy of the law
if the vehicles and beasts of burden, with all that apper-
tains to them, were subjected to forfeiture, as is provided
by the bill..
The other provision regarding the giving of testimony by
officers and others inteiested in the forfeitures are believed
to be. necessary alt>o to an efficient execution of the revenue
laws.
With great respect, W. P. FESSENDEN,
Secretary oj the Treasury.
lion. E. B. Wasiiborne, Chairman Committee on Com-
merce, United States House of Representatives.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the following letter
also be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Custom-House, District of Champlain,
Collector's Office,
v Plattsburg, February 8, 1885.
Sir: There are along this frontier quite a number of
stotes and groceries, one half said to be in the States, fhe
other in Canada, which affords great facilities for smug-
gling. Some of these have a line drawn upon the floor,
which they claim is the exact boundary line. Some of the
" groceries" have their casks of liquor so placed that while
the liquor is In Canada the end of the faucet is in the States.
You will readily comprehend how this practice affects
trade, and how wide a door it opens for smuggling. I would
very much like to break up this whole business, for it is a
fiaud upon both Governments, and these marked-out lines
are often undoubtedly some rods from the true one.
Most respectiully, your obedient servant,
II. DUNN, Collector.
Hon. N. Sargent, Commissioner of Customs, Washington,
JDistnrt of Columbia.
Mr. CHANLER. My attention had been
drawn to this subject before. Myreason forask-
ing the question I did was for the purpose of draw-
ing out this information; and 1 am gratified to
receive it. But I wish to draw the attention of
the House to this fact, that we are now in the
year 1865; this war has been going on for years;
this system has been going on increasing annu-
ally; yet up to this moment, notwithstanding the
immense loss along the whole coast, the Govern-
ment has remained silent with regard to suppress-
ing the system of smuggling, and the city of
New York, and every other city upon the coast,
have been robbed of millions, owing to the utter
neglect of the Administration in power to extend
its protecting arm along the frontier. And coming
at this time, late as it is, with a renewed lease of
power to the Administration, it stands on record
as an additional proof that they left the doors open
for all means of corruption, and for the purposes
of power. It was for the purpose of drawing at-
tention here and elsewheie to that fact that I rose
to put the question to the gentleman representing
the Committee on Commerce. I am delighted
with the information which my inquiry has eli-
cited; and I believe that the country will receive
it as a proof of the growth of patriotism in the
right direction on the part of this Administration.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the gentleman ftom
New York, 1 will say in the first ptace that I am
glad to assure myself that this bill will receive his
support. I may say to him further that if he
will examine the statutes which have been passed
since the beginning of this rebellion he will find
that Congress lias adopted from time to time dif-
ferent measures for the express purposes of pre-
venting this system of smuggling upon our fron-
tier; that Congress has endeavored from time to
time to counteract the difficulties which the officers
of the Government have encountered in adminis-
tering the laws. It has been found that the inge-
nuity of men who love money more than they do
honor, and who aie ready at any time to expose
their lives for the sake of gain, has invented means
of evading one law after another; and it has been
found necessary to meet them from point to point,
passing laws as the exigencies of the case seemed
to call for them. The present bill has been ren-
dered necessary by the action of the smugglers
who have endeavored to evade or defeat the laws
heretofore passed. Sir, the present Administra-
tion has done all within its power to stop smug-
gling, and I call upon the gentleman from this
time forth, during the period that he shall remain
with us, to aid the Administration in its efforts to
prevent or punish smuggling on the frontier.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third; being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT COLLECTOR AT JERSEY CITY.
Mr. ELIOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to report back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, bill (S. No. 454) entitled "An
act supplemental to an act entitled 'An act to an-
nex a part of the State of New Jersey to the col-
lection district of New Yoik, and to appoint an
assistant assessor to reside at Jersey City,'"
approved February lit, 1863.
The bill was read.
It authorizes the assistant assessor appointed
under the act to which it is a supplement to en-
roll and license, according to the laws of the Uni-
ted States, all vessels engaged in the coasting
trade .and fisheries, owned in whole or in part jby
residents in the counties of Hudson and Bergen*
in the State of New Jersey, such enrollments or
licenses to be as valid and effectual as if made in
any other part of the United States. It is also
provided that the assistant assessor, in the dis-
charge of this duty, shall b^ subject to all the
penalties and responsibilities imposed by the laws
of the United States upon collectors in like cases.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DECREASE OF AMERICAN NAVIGATION.
Mr. ELIOT. The Committee on Commerce
have directed mt to submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the House of Representatives, at the
next session of Congress, any facts and information upon
the subject referred to in the communication of Edwin G.
Easton to Hon. William II. Seward, accompanying this res-
olution, that shall be required in order to determine what
legislation, if any, Is expedient and proper, and t« indicate
such legislative action as shall be deemed necessary.,
The SPEAKER. This being a call for execu-
tive information, unanimous consent is required
for its consideration to-day. Is there any objec-
tion ?
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object if the gentle-
man will explain what the resolution means.
Mr. ELIOT. The resolution refers to a com-
munication submitted with it concerning the de-
crease of our navigation, and containing sugges-
tions in regard to the subject—a subject upon
which the Committee on Commerce believe it
would be desirable to act. But they are not pre-
pared to act at this time; and the object of the
resolution is to procure more information.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROMOTION OF COMMERCE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com*
merce, also reported back Senate bill No. 310, for
the promotion of commerce and the improvement
of navigation.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The bill contains an appropriation, and must have
its first consideration m the Committee of th«
Whole on the state of the Union. The measure
is an entirely new one to the House, and I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts that
instead of pressing it now he will agree to post-
pone its further consideration until some future
time. If he does that I will withdraw the point
of order.
Mr. ELIOT. To what day would the gentle-
man like to have it postponed?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
its being considered in the House on any con-
dition.
The SPEAKER. Then the hill, under the rules,
goes to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. ELIOT. Cannot the bill beconsidered in
the House as if in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It appro-
priates $169,000 to buy a lot of old maps and
charts.
Mr. ELIOT. It is an appropriation that ought
to be made.
The SPEAKER. The bill has gone to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported adversely on House bill No. 739,
to prohibit the slave tmde between the several
States of the Union, and various memorials on
the same subject, and moved that they be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
