268
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
January 16,
our prisoners. The world has heard, and heard
with horror, of those rebei barbarities, f am not
here to complain of our authorities for any re-
missness in reference to ourprisoners,for I know
from frequent interviews, both with the President
and with the Secretary of War, that they have de-
sired most ardently and labored most earnestly and
honestly to effect a fair exchange of prisoners; but
the rebel authorities seem alike to trample upon
all the laws of God*and man. Now, sir, if this
is to be a war of extermination, let not the ex-
termination be all upon one side. Mercy to felons
and traitors is cruelty to our own soldiers in south-
ern prisons.
_ But gentlemen say that by this system of retal-
iation we shall invite counterretaliation upon the
part of the rebels. Sir, to what system of retal-
iation can they resort more terrible in its conse-
quences than their treatment under the present
system? The law of retaliation has been resorted
to in every war from the beginning of the world
to the present moment. Every system of warfare
is but a system of mutual retaliation, and can be
carried on under no other possible principle.
I speak not only for those poor prisoners, but
I speak in behalf of the agonized and bleeding
hearts of one hundred thousand homes in the
loyal States, whose husbands, brothers, and sons
are languishing in southern prisons. I speak in
behalf of the maimed and crippled veterans who
are hobbling around your Halls on crutches and
asking that something shall be done for the relief
of your brave soldiers in rebel prisons, their
noble brothers m arms, who are now dying for
the cause for which they sheu their blood.
We are told that our authorities have done all
that they could do. They have, 1 doubt not,
honestly endeavored to effect an amelioration of
the condition of those prisoners; but so far, un-
fortunately, they have been unsuccessful. 1 think,
then, it is time, and high time, that another sys-
tem should be resorted to. 1 know that mercy
is a noble attribute, a godlike attribute, but jus-
tice, patriotism, and ail the high motives which
arc drawn from the suffeiings and the horrors of
these prisoners also appeal to us us men, patriots,
and Christians.
We are told further that this system of retalia-
tion will exasperate the people of the South. I
have heard thatstatement toooften already. They
now indulge in a system of warfare the most bar-
barous and atrocious known to the history of
modern civilization, and they can do no worse if
we resolve, in justice to our own soldiers, to mete
out to those we have captuied from the rebel
army their own measure; at least until they shall
reform their conduct in reference to our men. Will
any act of ours further exasperate those felons,
and Uaitors, and demons in human shape? After
the tiger has tasted blood, do soft words appease
him, or a hostile gesture exasperate* No, sir,
the savage and the beast alike acton their instincts;
they have gone to the very utmost verge of bar-
barity and cruelty in their punishments already.
There are now about foi t y-fiv,c thousand Union
soldiers in rebel prisons. We have about double
that number of rebel prisoners in our hands.
Those forty-five thousand men, a great army of
themselves, are reduced by starvation to a state
of utter helplessness, and if they remain in those
prisons can never render active service again in
our armies. Those of them who escape the slow
tortures of death by starvation, return emaciated
and feeble and unfit for service. Our system is,
as Christian men should do, to feed and clothe and
provide for their men when ptisoners in our hands.
12very one we send back to them is in a condition
of efficiency far greater than he was when he en-
tered our prisons. Then you see the effect. We
returned last mouth some fifteen thousand rebel [
prisoners in excellent condition, having been fed
and fattened upon Government rations; and we
icceivcd wrecks, skeletons in their stead, shock-
ing to our common humanity. Measures of mercy
having failed, it is time we resorted to a different
system—a system of strict retaliation marked by
justice in every feature, f think the people de-
mand it. They have with great patience borne all
these thing? in the hope that by merciful treat-
ment we still might bring these felons and traitors
to theirsenses; but all these measures have failed.
Now I propose, first, that all the camps of rebei
prisoners shall be placed under the command of
officers who have endured the hardships of south-
ern captivity, who know what the southern rations
have been; and, second, that we shall mete out to
them the same treatment meted out to us.
You have many measures, Mr. President, pend-
ing before the Senate for the purpose of promot-
ing; enlistments in the Army and increasing its
efficiency, all well in their kind; and you have
had important debates in reference to the African
race, and recently in reference to the Indian race;
but here are forty-five thousand of our own noble
soldier-boys in prison, and it is time that we
should legislate somewhat in their"behalf. These
measuies to promote enlistments in the Army and
to inerease the efficiency of the Army aie all well
enough; but if you pass the resolutions of the
Senator from Ohio, or if you enact the language
of this memorial into a law, you will have done
more by that act to promote enlistments and to
increase the efficiency of the Army than by pass-
ing any other measure now under consultation
before the Senate. You wish to give inducements
to men to enlist as soldiers; at least you do not
wish to hold out a discouragement to enlistments.
If you ask a man to enlist when he knows that
if the chances of war shall make him a captive in
the hands of the enemy, death would be a thou-
sand times preferable to the horrors of captiv-
ity, where is the inducement to enlist? Noth-
bmg but the high motives and inspirations of a
patriotism unpaialleled in the history of the world
have kept our armies full up to the present mo-
ment. But teach the soldier that youreye is upon
him; that you will piotect him; that you will fol-
low him to hits prison, and even to his grave, with
your benefactions, and you give him an additional
inducement to enlist; you encourage his family
and friends, and foster that high and heroic spirit
which has made our noble Airny invincible, and
you teach a lesson to those traitors in arms that
they cannot with impunity trample upon all their
obligations to God as Christians and all their
obligations to the world to abide by the laws of
civilized warfare; you teach them that lesson, a
lesson that they should have learned long ago.
I saw recently an article in a newspaper stating
that if you adopt this system of retaliation you will
make the war still bloodier. How much bloodier
can you make it, and what principles of savage
ferocity can you exasperate these people to adopt
that they have not alioady adopted? Make the
war bloodier! How bloody is it already? Two
hundred thousand of your soldiers have found
martyrs' graves in southern soil. Sir, I would
make the war still bloodier; I would makcevery
roeky ravine in southern Geoigia and Alabama
run with the blood of traitors,and 1 would drive
into the Gulf stream the last rebel there before I
would recognize iheir system of conducting this
war, or recognize their independence. Yea, I
would invoke the spirit of the evil one, if he has
not already entered and possessed the souls of
these traitors, so that they should run voluntarily
down into the sea, and let the Gulf stream be then-
last lestmg place, unless they aie willing to return
to their allegiance to the Government. The mo-
ment they do that the war ceases.
But anothergcmleman says this is not the time
for this policy while peace commissioners at
1'iehn tend,it may he, are talking about peace.
Sir, the cry of peace is a grand humbug that has
been exploded a thousand times. There is but
one way to peace, and that is by establishing the
supremacy of the laws, by breaking down the
military organization of the rebels, by destroying
their armies,and then making them return to their
allegiance to the Government. Peace can only
come through bloody and successful war, and we
are but inapt scholarsof history if the experience
of the last four yeais has not taught us that. The f
President has again and again offered to them all
that we can constitutionally oiler, which is to
abandon the war, lay down their arms, become
good citizens, and from that very moment the
war ceases; but until they shall do that the war
will never cease. This whole talk of peace com-
missioners at this stage is a humbug and a delu-
sion. It is encouraging false hopes never to be
realized. It is asking an armistice that the rebels
may recuperate their eueigiesand again slaughter
your sons upon the battle-field.
IVlr. President, the theme to which I have
spoken is a great and a noble one, and I only re-
gret that it has not had an abler and more distin-
guished advocate.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not propose
to enter extensively into a debate on this subject.
Indeed I hope no debate is necessary. I know
with what reluctance every man feels compelled
to enter upon this system of retaliation, it ia
always inhuman, harrowing to the heart and feel-
ings of every just man, and is only to be resorted
to, in my judgment, when absolute necessity com-
pels us to resort to it as a means of obtaining jus-
tice.
Nearly a year ago the committee on the con-
duct of the war were instructed to inquire into
the condition of our prisoners as they returned
from southern prisons. The committee immedi-
ately entered upon that work. We took some-
where about a hundred depositions of the victims
of this inhumanity from the rebel States. We
also took the testimony of a great many surgeons
and medical men who testified as to what their
treatment had been, and showed beyond a possi-
ble doubt that thousands of our men had suffered
the most lingering and inhuman death by means
of starvation and exposure. The specimens that
were returned whom we saw, and whose testi-
mony we took, were on the verge of thegrave,and
some of them dying as we took their testimony.
We embodied our observations in a report, a re-
port that has not been pretended to be gainsaid
or denied by anybody.
I understood when we went forth to take that
testimony that it was to enlighten the Executive
as to the exact facts in regaidto this matter; that
the inhumanity was so great, it shocked the sense
of mankind to such u degree, that the Executive,
like everybody else, was unwilhngto believ« that
such a thing could exist at this age of the world;
and I understood also, that if the testimony proved
the facts to be as alleged, the Executive had prom-
ised us that lie would take the most energetic
means of retaliation, and endeavor in that way to
prevent it. It has run on from that day to this.
I have constantly hoped and wished and believed
that as this reiterated evidence came to ourknowl-
edge day after day, and month after month, it
would stir those in authority to do something.
But, sir, all is silent; I sec no movement anywhere.
1 felt it therefore incumbent upon me even to en-
j deavor to wake up the countiy to a sense of our
1 responsibility, to endeavor to do something in
behalf of these brave suffering men who have
gone forth with a spirit of patriotism and self-
denial unparalleled, and have been too long over-
looked.
I was still further impelled to do this when I
saw howeasily the sympathies of oui people were
aroused in behalf of these accursed rebels, unre-
pentant, so far as I know, living in cities we have
lately conquered. The hearts of our population
seem moved in their behalf. I do not object to
it. They are sending piovisions by the ship load
to relieve these lebels who have caused all this
misery to our men, and who, if they are suffer-
ing, are suffering justly m consequence of their
own crimes. Near by these very cities are now
lingering in these infernal dens our brave men
starving to death, tortured to death by exposure
and ill treatment; and yet I do not hear of ship
loads of piovisions and comforts going to them.
Yes, sir, peihaps within ten miles of the very
place where these things aie to be distributed lie
our poor, biave men, suffering all that malignity,
barbarity, and brutality can inflict upon men; and
yet we find our people moving in behalf of those
who have brought this misery on the country,
and compelled us to sacrifice the be^t of our men
in such a cause.
Sir, it has gone further. I see it announced in
the papers—i do not know that it is true; I hope
it is not—that a late eminent rebel, one whose
counsels have done rnoie to bring this misery
upon the people than any other I know of, lately,
dissatisfied with his old rival, and getting into a
qnan el thei e, at temp .ed to seek shelter w i tli i n our
lines—so the report i uns——but being apprehended
by n is old rival and enemy before he got here was
taken back; and the papeissayit stirred thehearts
of some of our executive Government until they
put forth their threats that if a hair of his head
was harmed, four of the highest rebel officers
should answer for it. Sir, if such retaliation may
be done in behalf of a vile, accursed rebel, i hope
the same meed of justice may be extended to our
own loyal, brave, and suffering men.
I look with no complacency on this misplaced v
