1865.
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
their conduct creates, and commission our black
soldiers as officers, or they must follow the con-
sequences of the opposite, and while declaringall
men free and equal, and uttering promises of free-
dom to the negro slave, they must hold lum in the
more miserable plight of an armed serf, doomed
to the toil of battle, the sufferings and sickness
which a soldier's life entails, and finally to die in
military shackles, the victim of a hope raised by
a false fanaticism for a political advantage, created
by this Administration to avoid the dangers it
forces him to meet in its defense.
I am opposed to the establishment of black
military serfs in American armies, i am opposed
to the degradation of our white soldier by the
policy of this Administration. I am opposed to
promoting the black freedman, however brave he
may be, to the rank of an officer in the United
States Army .
But there is a project on foot in that direction,
and finally must succeed if the present policy
continues and the Republican party remains in
power. European Governments may do this
thing with impunity, because an aristocracy, so-
cial, legal, and supreme, controls all the avenues
to power, rank, and honor. In my opinion, if the
negro is admitted as a soldier into our armies, he
will be subdued by the superior race and become
the base of a military aristocracy in fact if not in'
law, and the same result that followed slavery in
the South will be seen wherever the negro is in-
troduced as a prevailing and permanent element
of society, namely, a white aristocracy of superior
caste, rising'on the shoulders of the negro to the
mastery of the poor whites around them. It is
fixed in the law of race, and is immutable. I
have no fear for the superior race, I only fear
'est the liberties of the people may be subverted
by a military aristocracy or an aristocrary of
caste. The conflict is upon us, and we must meet
it openly and frankly. And in the same spirit of
frankness it must be admitted that had the Admin-
istration adhered to the practice established in the
Constitution, of leaving the manner of raising
quotas to the States themselves, then no collision
as to the relative claims or rights of soldiers of the
United States would have arisen. Each State
would have regulated that for itself. The conflict
of races would have been kept from our national
Congress, arid the agitation of the public mind
by so absorbing and deep a subject have remained
locked up in the precincts of the several States,
like fire, or steam, or gunpowder, controlled,
cribbed,confined, harmless, useful and beneficial.
A new danger seems to hang over us in the
gathering storm of foreign war. It may be far
off, or at this moment a secret council of the
crowned heads of Europe may be partitioning
this Union among themselves or their assigns, as
they did once for unhappy Poland; as they have
just done for subjugated Mexico, and the repub-
lic of St. Domingo. The course of Prance,
Spain, and England in regard to those distracted
and betrayed republics has roused our people
and this House to an attitude of watchful defi-
ance. The Monroe doctrine in its first and highest
sense has been reasserted here and accepted by
the whole country as a pledge of our future policy.
We have declared that no monarchy can be es-
tablished and upheld here with our consent. Un-
der such circumstances, with our knowledge of
the facility with winch the negro is induced, by
flattering promises, to desert his home and the
associations of his life, is it not well to beguarded
in the trust we put in him after our failure to ful-
fill the fond hope of his ignorant nature, and our
selfish use of his race? With Europe, rich in
the resources of war and diplomacy, with every-
thing to gain by tampering with and protecting
the black race as an element of discord in our
midst, we may find ourselves in the relation to
our freedmen that the rebel States now hold to
us in the treatment of their slaves, with this dis-
advantage to the United States, that we have
armed the slave and trained him to a freedom
which he will never relinquish, while the un-
armed slaves of the South dare not turn upon their
masters in arms. The Administration, by the
conscription, seems likely to force the white la-
boring classes out of the Army to give place to an
element which would prove hostile in foreign war
to the very system which liberated and armed
them.
But there is another point of view I would pre-
sent in this connection. If the conscription has
been a failure in the war against the rebels, what
have we to hope from it in conflict with Europe?
Substitutes fresh from the Old World may or
may not become mercenary. They mightbe true
to our flag, which they never saw until enlisted,
through all the fortunes of war; or they might
after« protracted contest take our cause into their
owri'hands and go over to the enemy; or, like their
Vandal ancestors, put the price of the.Republic
in a scale and kick the beam; or, like the Huns,
trea't'first with the enemies of the Republic, and
coolly betray the cause they rushed so wildly to
defend. As the Representative of a large foreign
population, I can testify, did the history of the
war not make it useless, to the love the adopted
citizen bears to our common country, to our free
institutions, and to her flag. But every battle-
field is a glorious witness to their zeal, bravery,
and patriotism. I deem our cause safe in such
hands; but the high bounty and the general sys-
tem introduced by the enrollment act tend to
drive all our citizens, native and foreign-born,
from the service, and lias caused to be imported
direct from abroad an alien and perhaps danger-
ous population, in every degree different from the
immigrant who formerly brought the simple vir-
tues and sterling habits of the laboring classes of
the Old World from the field, the woikshop, and
the mine.
Mr. BLAINE. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the last word of the amendment. I wish to
say to the gentleman from New York that I do
not understand him as opposing my amendment.-
He has not spoken in reference to it at all.
Mr. CHANLER. I spoke to the section.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, the section and the
amendment, taken together, commend themselves
to the support of every membe- of the House who
wishes to do away with these great frauds upon
the people, who pay enormous bounties and get
110 equivalent for them. As I said the other day,
the adoption of this section as reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, with this amend-
ment upon it, will cut up by the roots all the
frauds and malpractices that have grown up un-
der the two mischievous sections, allowing re-
cruiting in rebel States and naval credits. Both
these provisions should be suspended summarily.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment, and
hope the vote will be taken on my amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate in-
sisted on the amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill of the House No. 640, provid-
ing for a district and a circuit court for the United
States for the district of Nevada, and for other
purposes, agreed to the conference asked for by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon,and hadappomted Messrs. Pos-
ter, Stewart, and Johnson, the committee on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the second amendment and had
disagreed to the first amendment to the bill of
the Senate No. 389, relating to clerkships in the
War Department.
The message further announced that the Senate
had agreed to the second amendment and had
disagreed to the other amendments of theHouse
to the bill of the Senate relating to the postal
laws.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolution
and bills of the House of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) directing the
Secretaiy of the Treasury to issue American regis-
ters to the British steamers Minnie Williams and
E. M. Baxter;
Bill (H. 11. No. G64) for changing the time for
holding the circuit court in the district of Vir-
ginia; and
Bill (H. R- No. C92) in reference to prosecu-
tions for libel in the Distiict of Columbia.
The message furtherannounced that the Senate
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 558) to authorize
the issuingof patents for certain lands in the town
of Stockbridge, in the State of Wisconsin, and
for other purposes, with amendments; in which
he-was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House. •   ,
The message fur!in r Hmio-i.i'-ed th.'t ihebemite
had passed a bill (S. No. 114) Making a grant of
lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
The question being on Mr. Blaine's amend-
ment,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. While I admit that evils have grown up
under the system of credits, and while there are, -
perhaps, radical errors at the bottom of the whole
system, yet, if we undertake to make this change
now great injustice may be done to some sec-
tions of the country. For this reason I am Op-
posed to the amendment. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINE called jor the yeas and nays on.
the adoption of his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided irt
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 36, not voting 62-,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ashley, Baxter, Blaine,-Blow,.
Boyd, Broomall, Clay, Cobb, Cole, Cravens, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, n
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Ehot, English, Flnck,
Frank, Gooch, Griswold, Hale, Harding, Harrington, Hig-
by, Holman, Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Inger-
soli, Jenekes, Philip Johnson, Kelley, Orlando Kellogg,
Le Blond, Littlejoim, Loan, Longyear, Maliory, Marcy,
Marvin, McAllister, McClurg, Moorhead. Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Patterson,
Perham, Alexander H. Ttiee, John H. Itice, Sehenek,
Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smlthers, Starr, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Upson,
Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Eliliu B. Washbume,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Wlialcy, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Woodbiidge, Wortliington, and
Yeaman—84.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bailv, Augustus C. Baldwin, Brooks,
Clmnler, Coffroth, Cox, Dawson, Jlenison, Eden, Edgerton,
Can-on, Hall, Benjamin G. Han is, Ilerriek, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Long, William H.
Millei, Noble, Udell, John .O'Neill, Pendleton, Price,
Prnyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, James S. Rol-
lins. Ross, Stiles, Strouse, Townsend, and Winfield—36.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Arnold, John D.
Baldwin, Beauian, Blair, Bliss, Bomwell, Brandegee,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clarlc,
Pieeman Claike, Ores-well, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Gar-
field, Grider, (irinnell, Charles M. Harris, llotellkiss, Hut-
chins, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleiseh, Kasson,
Francis W. Kfllogg, King, Knox, McBride, McD-owell,
Mclndoe, MeKinney, Middleton, Samuel P. Miller, James
R, Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Nelson, Orth, Perry,
Pike, Pomeroy, William II. Randall, Kebinson,Edward
IJ. llullins, Seott, Smith, Spalding, John B. Steele, Tracy,
Voorhees, Ward, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Windom, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando
Wood—02.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, to remove
the objection made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] I move to amend the
second section by inserting after the word " resi-
dence" the words " within the United States;"
so that it will read, " if such persons have an
actual residence within the United States."
The amendment was agreed to. ~
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by striking
out the second section, as follows:
Sec.2. Jin die it further enacted, Thathereafterall per-
sons musteied into the militaiy or naval service, whether
as volunteers, substitutes, representatives, or otherwise,
shall be credited to the State and to the ward, township,
precinct, or other enrollment sub-district where such per-
sons belong by actual residence, (if sticll persons have an
actual residence within tile United Stales,) and where such
persons were or shall be enrolled, (if liable to enrollment;)
and it is iiereby made tiie duty of the Provost Marshal
General to make sueli rules and give such instructions to
the several provost marshals, boards of enrollment, and
mustering officers as shall be necessary for the faithful en-
forcement ot the provisions of this section, to the end that
fair and just credit shall be given to every section of the
country.
Mr. UPSON. Before the question is taken on
striking out the section I move to amend it by in-
serting after the word " enrollment" the words
"provided that persons not liable to enrollment
or draft, who may hereafter volunteer, shall be
credited to such sub-district as they may elect at
the time of their enlistment." It will be seen
that the section, as it now stands, does not pro-
vide for transient persons or foreigneis.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certaihly it docs.
Mr. UPSON. As the persons not liable to
draft or enrollment do not swell the quota, there
i.! no injustice in allowing them to elect where
they shall be credited. It is to govern the case
