1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOSt
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
INDIAN TRUST BONDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting and recom-
mending the passage of a bill authorizing the sur-.
render of the bonds held in trust by the Secretary
of the Interior for Indian tribes belonging toVir-
gmia to West Virginia for like amount of obli-
gations to the lattei-named State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a state-
ment of the receipts and expenditures of the Uni-
ted States for the fiscal year ending June 30,1864;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
piinted.
CIVIL JURISDICTION IN TEXAS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary,a bill to establish civil jurisdiction over
the eleventh judicial district in the State of Texas,
composed of the counties of EI Paso, Presideo,
and Worth.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
REIMBURSEMENT TO MISSOURI.
Mr. BLOW. I ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee of Ways and Means a
bill (S. No. 359) entitled " An act to reimburse
the State of Missouri for moneys expended for
the United States." I hope that the bill will be
considered by the House now.
Mr. HOLM AN. I do not object to the report-
ing of the bill, but I must insist that it shall go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BLOW. Then I withdraw the bill.
TRAVEL ON RAILROADS, ETC.
Mr. BOUTWELL,by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
a resolution relating to travel and transportation
of soldiers and citizens on the railroads and post
roads of the United States, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further considy
eration of the subject. j
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was laid on the table. /
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL, y/
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to move that the
House proceed to the consideration of bill (H. R.
No. 682) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1866. But before making that motion I ask
unanimous consent that that bill be considered in
the House as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like
the gentleman from Vermont to let the Indian ap-
propriation bill lie over for the present. The chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, who has
some amendments, I understand, to propose, is
absent. It was expected that he would have re-
turned to the city to-day. I know he ieels an
interest in the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. We are now in the last week
but one of the session, and only one appropria-
tion bill has passed both Houses of Congress.
This is a long bill, and if the Committee on In-
dian Affairs have amendments to propose, it is
certainly their duty to be here. I am informed
that many of the amendments of that committee
are in the hands of other members of that com-
mittee, and will be offered at the proper time.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I am not prepared to say
that the gentleman from Minnesota has amend-
ments in his hands to offer. 1 know that he feels
a deep interest in regard to Indian matters.
Mr. MORRILL. This is to carry out treaty
stipulations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, la not this
the ordinary Indian appropriation hill?
Mr. MORRILL. It is, with a few additions.
The SPEAKER. The first reading of the bill
for information, as it is a long one, will be dis-
pensed with, if there be no objection. (
There was no objection.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sec-
tions for amendment.
The Cleik lead, as follows:
Ckippcwas of Saginaw, Swan arcck. and Jfilacl. rtVcr.
For lust of ten equal annual installments in com, to be
distributed per capita, in the usual manner of pajitig an-
nuities, per second article of tlie treaty of August 2, 1853,
§10,000.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I do not see any reason for
the retention of the words "in coin "in the bill
as it is a discrimination against the currency, and
I therefore move that they be stricken out.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope not.
Mr. MORRILL. We may strike those words
out, but it would be in violation of the treaty, with
these Indians. The treaty stipulates that the
money shall be paid in coin.
Mr. HOLM AN. When was the treaty made?
Mr. MORRILL. In 1855.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
have the stipulation of the treaty read. I hardly
think that at that time we discriminated against
the currency of the United States. I insist on
my amendment to strike outthe words" in coin."
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the words will not be
stricken out. I think that we ought to pay all
of these Indians in coin under treaty stipulations.
Instead '«f striking out here we ought to make it
broader and applicable to all treaties with these
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL. It was provided in the treaty
that the money should be paid in coin.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Every citizen who under-
stood that he would get coin is now getting cur-
rency.
Mr. PRUYN. They stand in a different po-
sition from citizens of the United States. They
have no delegates, no representation here, and
they cannot control our legislation. It strikes
me that under all of these treaty stipulations these
Indians ought to be paid in coin.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope that the
bill will remain as it is, and that we will deal hon-
estly with these unsophisticated Indians. The
treaty stipulates that they should be paid in coin,
and we ought to pay them in coin.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr.McBRIDE. I move the following to come
in at the end of line six hundred and ninety-nine:
For payment of the claims of the Wyandotte tube of In-
dians under the treaties of the year lSl-J, and January 31,
in the year 1855, the sum of $48,786 81.
Mr. Speaker, the amount of the amendment is
made up of several distinct items. By the treaty
of 1842 the Wyandottes were entitled to an an-
nuity of$17,500 annually. By thetreaty of 1855
this annuity was to cease on the payment of the
first installmentof the amount provided to be paid
under the new treaty of that date. That stipu-
lation was not complied with by the Government;
about one half of the amount was paid at the time,
and some six months afterward the balance was
paid. The Indians claim that as their second an-
nuity did not begin at the time agreed upon, the
original one is clearly due. The justice of this
item, amounting to some eight thousand dollars,
so clearly commends itself to every one that 1
only state the facts and leave it to the judgment
of the House.
Another item is for the payment of §1,300, due
an annual annuity; it was not paid for a want
of appropriation, which was deficient, and it has
been suffered to pass_ along from time to time.
There is no question' as to both the justice and
propriety of this appropriation.
In 1850 there was another treaty made by which
a fund of §100,000 was to be invested m United
Statesstocks. In 1855,by a new treaty, the Gov-
ernment agreed to pay them $100,000 in cash in-
stead of these bonds. When called upon for it,
instead of paying thecash, they invested $100,000
in Tennessee bonds. The Wyandottes finding
that they were unable to got anything else, agreed,
under protest, to take the bonds for what they
were worth, not at their face. The item I refer
to now is for the purpose of makingup tliedtffer-
ence between the face of those bonds and what
they brought in the market.
The fourth item is perhaps a little more ques-
tionable,and occurred in this way: by the treaty
of 1855 certain lands were' reserved and set aside
for the Wyandotte Indians, and they were to be
exempt from taxation for five years after their
territory should be embraced within the bounds
of a State government. It seems, however, that
the territorial authorities went forward arid com-
menced taxing the lands,and these Indians were
compelled to pay it up to the time that the State
government of Kansas went into effect. There
is no question but that it was a violation of the
treaty, and the Department very appropriately
have asked for a repayment of this amount to the
Wyandottes.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman state why
this appropriation has not been brought to the
attention of Congress prior to this time, as that
claim accrued years ago?
Mr.McBRIDE. I cannotsay as to that. The
tribe has been urgingthis claim upon theGovern-
ment from that time until now.
[Here the hamnner fell.]
Mr. KASSONl Under the sixth and seventh
articles of the treaty of 1855 it was provided that
instead of the investment made as before provided
certain sums therein named and the accumulations
of prior investments were to be distributed per
capita. The facts, which have been partially ex-
plained by the gentleman from Oregon, did not
seem to me satisfactorily to make plain the title
of the Indians to the sums now demanded, but
which accrued years ago, if at all, under the
treaty of 1855. While 1 am not able, in the ab-
sence of papers, to ex:plain the discrepancy be-
tween the United States and the Indians differ-
ently from the gentleman from Oregon, 1 suggest
to him whether it is not far better for his commit-
tee to report a bill upon this subject than to put
it upon a general appropriation bill which is de-
signed simply to make regularand unquestionable
appropriations for Indian tribes. It seems to me
to be rather in the nature of a private claim, if I
may so call it, which ought not to be attached to
a general appropriation bill.
Mr. McBRIDE. As debate is closed on this
amendment, I will move another. I move to strike
out the last line of the amendment. The gentle-
man from Iowa doubtless understands why I
could not adopt his suggestion. The only result
would be, at this stage of the session, to lose the
bill. The committee have carefully investigated
this matter, and they are satisfied theclaim isjust,
and is entitled to the consideration of the House.
The Indians are entitled to this money under the
treaty.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. This is a very large sum to attach
to an appropriation bill, and I would like some
further explanation of an item which constitutes
one half the amount of his amendment—that is
the item of §30,000. I would like to know by
what authority the investment was made.
Mr. McBRIDE. By authority of the Secretary
ef the Interior, Mr. Thompson; but it was pro-
tested agatnstupon the partof the Indians. They
were entitled to $100,000 cash, but the Secretary,
instead of paying it in that way, invested it in
Tennessee bonds and compelled the Indians to
take them. Seeing they could get nothing else,
they took them under protest, and upon their sale
in the market they failed to bring their face by
this amount.
Mr. THAYER. This certainly is an a ppropri-
ation, of such a charactcr and of so large an
amount, as to be worthy of more deliberate con-
sideration than can be given upon such an oc-
casion as this; and oil that account I shall be
obliged to vote asamst it.
Mr. MORRILL. I think this claim is an old
acquaintance. It has been before Congress here-
tofore.
Mr. McBRIDE. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am sure it has been before
Congress heretofore. The amount of the claim
is nearly fifty thousand dollars, anil a part of it
originated more than twenty years ago. We
ought to have a full examination of it by the
proper Department,and have it sent here in some
authorized estimate, so that it can be investigated
by the whole House. I trust that at this late
period of the session we shall not feel disposed to
merease our apprepiiatians by making amend-
