THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PilOCEEDLNGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session".
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, .1865.
New Series No. 1$.
about as matters* within their own observation
and experience.
But gentlemen may say, we want cotton, and
how are we to do? Mr. President, from the best
information we are able to obtain, there is now in
tiie confederate States about one fall year's pro-
duction of cotton. In the past three years they
have raised about as much as they have been able
to get off. There is then just about one year's
supply on hand, and that js four million bales.
That is a good year's supply, no more. Take
the four million bales—they will average four
hundred pounds to the bale—and suppose we put
the value of the cotton at less than half the market
price now in New York. The Jaw is that wc
shall not give more than three fourths of the
maiket price in New York; but suppose you
put it at half, that would furnish to the enemy
$800,000,000! At fifty cents a pound for the prod-
uct which they have on hand, which they have
been unable to got offand get the money for, which
they cannot oat, the fruit of which they want, you
would furnish to them §800,000,000! Am I at all
extravagant, then, in saying that it is utterly im-
possible to piosccute this war successfully and
permit that trade to go on,and furnish them with
that advantage? I have already shown you from
the letter of General Canby that within his de-
partment it is utteily impossible to prosecute the
war, (to say nothing about the money featuie of
the question,) because it interferes with and de-
feats military operations; but even if it did not,
the idea of furnishing an enemy with that amount
of the sinews of war, of money, to prosecute the
war against us, is to me the wildest thing that
ever entered the head of man.
I mention this amount of money not merely to
show the effect of permitting this trade, but also
with another view. Can i expect to repeal this
section of the law of 1SG4? Have I any good rea-
son to behove that the trade can be stopped? Mr.
President, any man or company of men who
desire to have a law to license them to trade in
cotton and tobacco could well afford to come to
this Congress and give $100,000 apiece to a ma-
jority of the members of the two Houses and give
$1,000,000 apiecc to the two Secretaues to sign
the licent.es, and it would not be two pur cent, on
the purchase.
Mr. WILSON. Do you think that would have
any influence ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I have notsaid so. But,
sir, "cotton is king." We have jeered at it, we
have sneered at it, but let us see whethei when we
get through we shall not find it so. Cotton is
king. 1 have shown how it is king, potential in
its pecuniary influence. Two years ago a propo-
sition came here to license this trade. There was
a veiy shmt debate about it, and it received no
countenance at the hands of the Senate, but I
find that it was passed and was approved on the
2J day of July last, and no doubt it was passed
upon the recommendation of the Committee on
Commcicc, and here we stand, and we see the
effect of it.
Mr. TEN EYCIC It was not reported by the
com mittee.
Mr. COLLAMER. That I do not know. 1
have made many inquines, and some gentlemen
seem entirely oblivious about how it got through,
about how it came to be in the law atall, and they
seem to know no more about it than I did who
had gone home before irs passage on account of
sickness; but it is there. The bill was in charge
of the honorable Senator from Maine, and he did
not know this clause was m it until he came here
at this session, or if he did he had forgotten it. 1
was here when that gentleman was making his very
laudable efforts to get his bill through the Senate,
ami 1 know that he tuld us it was a bill to putau
end to this trade, not to put in a section author-
izing it.
Mr. President, I do not know that this trade
can be sto'pped; but i know that if it goes on, li-
censed by our authonty and without limitation,
we cannot succeed m putting down this rebellion,
in the cotton States any way.
18
i have no desire to trespass on the time of the
Senate. It is with the utmost reluctance that I
have said anything on the subject, but feeling the
force of the convictions which I have stated, I felt
it to be my duty to offer this proposition. When
you consider the amount of money which the
continuance of this trade must furnish to the en-
emy, when you consider the manner in which it
must defeat all our military enterprises within
those States, when you consider the corruptions
which grow out of it, when you consider that it
is the end of your blockade, when you consider
that it is to furnish the enemy with such an enor-
mous amount of money to carry on the war against
us, I think I have succeeded in showing that I had
occasion to present this bill.
A single word more about the money. Some
gentlemen seem to think that it is a good thing
te let them have our greenbacks, and that they
will keep thorn and thus create a large circulation
for them. Take the case of a man who comes
from the interior country to New Orleans with a
quantity of cotton. He sells it and takes green-
backs for it. He puts those greenbacks in the
first express that goes out to New York to.his
agent there to turn them into gold, and probably
ships that gold to London subject to his order
when it gets there. In England the means and
opportunities ofexchange are well known. There
is no possibility of having our greenbacks hoarded
in the South in that way. Besides, by the laws
of war that money in whosesoever hands i*may
be in the enemy's country is at the enemy's com-
mand.
Mr. FOSTER. If he gets cotton enough there
by the time he gets the greenbacks they would
be worth as much as gold.
Mr. COLLAMER. Of course he will forward
them to be converted into gold, antl the money
in his hands may be used by the rebel govern-
ment against us. The rebel government lays hold
of money wherever it finds it, and it may be very
well to say to its people, " Wo are exceedingly in
want of money; our own is so depreciated that it
hardly answeis any of the purposes of exchange,
and we will take this property and use it, and
will enlist every man in this country to fight to
the death, because we shall thereby, if we suc-
ceed, get lid of ever redeeming this money, and
we shall not redeem our own,"
In short, Mr. President, m any way in which
I can view the subject, it seems to me that it is
an utter mistake to attempt to hold illicit inter-
course with our enemies, bribed to it by the value
of theirproducta which we want. Itis an exceed-
ingly unnatural connection—a love of money on
one side and a pretended patriotism on the other.
They defeat each other. I desire that this section
may be repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire of
the Chair what the question before the Senate is.
The VICE I^RESIDENT. The motion will
be, if there be no other, to refer the bill to an ap-
propriate committee. The Senator from Vermont
will indicate what disposition he proposes to make
of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that this very
section which 1 propose to repeal was itself rec-
ommended by the Committee on Comerce. Is
our rule such that the bill must be committed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not necessarily.
Mr. COLLAA1ER. I desire that it shall be
put on us passage.
Mr. MORRILL. I had supposed from the
argument that the motion was probably to refer
the matter to some other committee than the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I was going to address
myself to that subject.
With all that the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont has said in the main I concur, both with
the reasoning and the general scope, saving and
excepting, perhaps, the inference as to the com-
meicial character of the Senate. I am hardly pre-
pared to believe that cotton will be supreme on
any question before tiie Senate when fairly un-
derstood.
There is a little narrative connected with this
question which I desire the Senate should under-
stand, because, although I say that I agree with
the Senator from Vermont in the argument and
in the conclusion, I do not quite agree with his,
narrative.
The law originally, in 1861, was correctly slated
by the honorable Senator to be that all intercourse
with tho insurrectionary States was prohibited by
that act, with the exception therein stated, which
was a limited exception. The history of it is that
under that exception there sprang up a trade.
That was a law with the enactment of which I
believe the Senator from Vermont had very much
to do. I do not know but that he reported it; at
any rate, I believe he is entitled to the paternity
of it, and 1 so conferred with him in regard to the
amendatory law. At the commencement of the
last session a bill was presented to the Senate—I
do not remember by whom—and referred to tho
Committee on Commerce, the object of which
was to enlarge the provision of that exception in
the actofl8Gl. That bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and the Committee on Com-
merce gave diligent attention to the subject-matter
of the bill. We had witnesses before us who gave
us an account of the traffic under the act of the
honorable Senator from Vermont, by virtue of
regulations which were authorized by that act in
certain cases to be made by the Secretary of the
Treasury under the sanction of the President.
The Committee on Commerce came to the con-
clusion that all traffic under the act of 1861 was
injurious to the public interests, was particularly
detiimenial to the military service, was fraught
with evil, and chiefly evil. That hill having been
referred to myself to be perfected, I did, as the
honorable Senator suggests, confer with him upon
the subject, and the Committee on Commerce
came to the conclusion to interdict all trade what-
ever. The Committee on Commerce, instead of
not only not reporting the section now under con-
sideration, the fepeal of which is the object of this
bill, went the whole length of repealing the ex-
ception ingrafted upon the bill of 18Cl,and came
to the conclusion that the public interest demanded
that there should be no trade whatever; and we
reported accordingly to the Senate.
I remember very well making these general
statements to the Senate, that the conclusion to
which the Committee on Commerce had come
was that all trade was inconsistent with the pros-
ecution of the war; and that not only no addi-
tional provisions should be* made for the com-
mercial intercourse, but that all trade whatever
should be cut off. That bill was amended in tho
Senate. Precisely how it was amended, I do not
remember.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was amended by the in-
sertion of the eighth section.
Mr. MORRILL. The eighth section was put
in. It was not put in on the recommendation of
the Committee on Commerce. The Committee
on Commerce were against it then, and have been
against it all the time. Precisely how it came in,
by whose motion, I do not remember; but I do
remember thegeneral facts under which the eighth
section came in. It was very strongly urged by
the Treasury Department of the Government. It
was regarded as a most important and vital meas-
ure to the finances of the country, and also in con-
nection with the management of the freedmen in
insurrectionary districts. This eighth section is
not only not the result of the dehberatejudgmentof
the Committee on Commerce, but is against their
judgment and against their report, ft is the re-
sult of the judgment of the Senate, influenced by
the considerations I have just stated, arid which
I suppose delicacy will require that 1 should not
very far elaborate.
That is the whole fact of the matter; and such
being the history of the subject, I submit, with
all deference to the judgment of the honorable
Senator from Vermont, that this bill ought to go
to a committee, that it is altogether too important
to be passed here in an hour or a day without
further light on the subject. Although the Com-
mittee oil Commerce were satisfied that the whole
