1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
supporting, and furnishing agricultural imple-
ments, "&c. This, 1 am informed,is thesecond
time that this appropriation has been embraced
in the Indian appropriation bill. I presume that
the Indians by this time are colonized.
Mr. KASSON. My colleague will allow me
to state one additional fact. 1 understand these
Indians to be those who were in Texas at the
opening of the war, and who were obliged either
to escape from the rebels or to join them. They
therefore fall within the class of refugee Indians
for whom we have been obliged to provide homes,
and who have been provided for in the manner
named. The colonizing goes on as the refugee
Indians come from any part of Texas.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the withholding of this appropriation
will induce these Indians to go back into Texas.
If it will, I will vote against the appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. I think that the great body
of these Indians are colonized by this time, and
as we last year appropriated the same amount
now proposed, for colonizing them, furnishing
them with agricultural implements, &c., I think
that we may properly reduce the appropriation
. somewhat this year. It certainly wilt not costas
much this year to buy the agricultural implements
as it cost last year to colonize the Indians and buy
the agricultural implements. Therefore, if the gen-
tleman from New York will withdraw his amend-
ment I will move to reduce the appropriation to
J15.000.
Mr. MORRILL. As we are not in possession
of accurate information as to the precise manner
in which this money is expended, I trust that we
may have some faith in the Department that it is
expending no more than is necessary. I suppose
that some portion of this amount is expended for
the purpose of paying the Choctaws for the lease
of these lands; how much I do not know.
Mr. WILSON. As the gentleman desires that
we shall base our votes upon faith in the Indian
Department, I should like to know whether he
can inform us of any unexpended balances on
any of the appropriations that we have made for
the purposes of that Department. I think that
all the money we appropriate departs from the
Treasury in some way or other, and if we appro-
priate $50,000 instead of $22,000 somebody will
get it, and that if we appropriate §10,000 instead
of $22,000 the Indians will derive just as much
benefit.
Mr. Wilson's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Kernan's motion to strike out the sec-
tion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the Wichitas and other affiliated band*.
For the expense of colonizing, supporting, and fumish-
islung said bands with agricultural implements and s-toek,
pay of nucebsaiy emplo>es, purchase of clothing, medi-
cines, iron, &teel, and maintenance of schools, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, $37,m
Mr. WILSON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $20,000. I do that for the same reason
I have already stated. It is an appropriation of
the nature of the one we reduced. It is for the
colonization and support of Indians. I am op-
posed to annual colonizations. I would rather
have it fixed for two or three years. I think that
we would then save money. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. BROOKS. There are about two hundred
and fifty or three hundred thousand dollars ap-
propriated by this bill, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior for this
sort of purpose, without the authority of law. 1
have read the report of the Secretary of the Interior
and I do not think that many here have read it. The
main ideas of that report have been introduced in
this bill. It is the beginning of a new policy, and
I think it ought to be considered in a bill. The
policy of the Secretary of the Interior is to col-
onize and take care of these Indians. He thinks
that it is a wise policy and will obviate all exist-
ing difficulties, and I am willing to consider it. I
do not think that this is the proper time, or that
the proper place is in this bill. As we progress
with the- bill we will find other items of a like
character.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian sei vice
in California, including traveling expenses of the superin-
tending agents, .$7,500.
Mr. COLE, of Californ la. I move to strike
that oat and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For expenses of Indian faervlce in California already in-
curred, $7,500.
Mr. Speaker, I receive by every mail from Cali-
fornia letters from persons who have furnished
supplies'to these Indians, some to the Indian
agents under fair contracts, and who have not
been paid. Women who have been teaching In-
dian children have not been paid for a year past,
It seems impossible for these parties to secure the
compensation they are entitled to. It seems that
there has been no possibility of obtaining it up to
this time. I leave it discretionary with the^Sec-
retary of the Interior to make the disbursement
of this appropriation for the benefit of those who
have rendered this service.
Mr. MORRILL. If that appropriation is
proper at all it should be made in the deficiency
bill. I would suggest that the gentleman with-
hold the amendment until we have that bill before
us. This bill appropriates for 1866, while the
amendment is for 1865.
Mr. COLE, of California. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. KERNAN. I would like to know what
are the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service m California. It seems to me that it is a
miscellaneous mode of appropriating money un-
less we know something about it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together with
clothing and food, teams and farming tools tor Indians in
California, §55,000.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike that out. It
is the inauguration of a new policy of dealing
with these Indians. We propose to purchase
beef, milk, and clothing for Indians in California.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. A similar appro-
priation was made at the last session of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. The experience we have had
with beef contracts in the Army I think ought to
cause us to hesitate before we continue appropri-
ations of this character. And buying milk for In-
dians! I have heard of it as food for babes be-
fore but never as food for Indians. I hope the
item will be stricken out, and that we shall stop
the policy altogether.
Mr. SHANNON. Then we ought to repeal
the law for the reservation.
Mr. WILSON. There is nothing in that law
about beef and milk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know of the gentleman from Vermont whether
this item is to carry out a treaty stipulation ?
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will say to the gentleman
that this item is of the same character as those
which have already been reduced on the motion
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
The first appropriation made for a similar ob-
ject was last year. It was then deemed the sound-
est policy to be adopted by the Government in re-
lation to the Indians in California to make these
appropriations in a specific manner, and thereby
save the Treasury from a vast expenditure such
as we have had to bear for the last six or eight
years in the Pacific States.
It is for the House to decide whether they will
drop this policy and run the risk of having the
country involved in a mucl? greater expenditure
for the same object upon the part of the Indians.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer to
hold on to this $55,000 and take the chances. I
hope that will be stridken out.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope it will not be stricken
out. To enable me to make what remarks I de-
sire to submit, I move to strike out the last clause
of the paragraph.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man tell us what necessity there is for this appro-
priation ? If he can satisfy us of the necessity for
this appropriation, I shall vote for it.
Mr. SHANNON. That is what I rose for the
purpose of doing. The Government -has estab-
lished reservations,and collected the Indians upon
them, and they must now feed them or turn them
out. I have no doubt that if the $55,000 is ap-
propriated, and honestly and faithfully laid out
and invested in beef, the Indians will appreciate
that beef very much, particularly if they are
hungry. And I have no doubt that they would
like to have milk in their coffee, if necessary. I
have no doubt that in the mountainous portions
of the country, if they are very cold'^ and ha^eno
clothing, and they are furnished with blankets;"
they will steep much more comfortably than they
would sleep without them. Is that satisfactory,
to my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson?] [Laugh-
ter.] These are self-evident propositions which
I do not propose to .elaborate here. And you can
do just as you please. [Laughter.] You' can
feed these Indians in accordance with a scheme
already established, and according to tt contract
made with the Indians who have been talfen from
their homes and placed under the charge of the
Government. Toucan either carry out that con^
tract, and supply them with those necessary ma-;
terials until they are able to sustain themselves, or
you can turn them out, and refuse to give them'
anything,and fightthem. And then yo'u wilthave
a bill here for $555,000 for fighting those'Indieins,
and my friends in the rear, from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] and Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will lioi
doubt vote to pay that sum instead of $55,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WEBSTER. If 1 understand the gentle-
man, this is a proposition to improve the diet of
the Indians in California,for the purpose of im-
proving their manners and morals. My idea is
that his argument is an improper one.
Mr. SHANNON. ThegentJeman will under-
stand me that 1 intended to convey the idea that
you could feed them cheaper than you can fighf
them. , „
Mr. WEBSTER. I understand that the diet
of these Indians heretore has been crab-worms'
and roots. Now, the gentleman seems to think
that if you give them milk and beef they wall
need blankets to cover their nakedness. The
gentleman makes a mistake upon that question.
It is a fact known to everybody that the more
beef you eat the more you will fight, and he there-
fore desires to make these Indiansa fighting .race.
The gentleman from New York, too, thinks that
this milk diet has some fighting quality in it.
Mr. KERNAN. I think 1 have discovered
that this provision for milk is to purchase that
which a man said would not go far where there
was no milch cow in the family.
Mr. SHANNON. The gentleman laid down
the proposition that the more beef a man eats the
more he feels like fighting. Upon the Eastern
Shore of Maryland I have no doubt of that, be-
cause they get very little good beef there. It is
just the reverse in our State.
Mr. WEBSTER. Not coming from that part
of Maryland called the Eastern Shore, the gentle-
man who represents that district [Mr. Cresweul]
will take this allusion very unkind of him; but 1
will say this, that upon the Eastern Shore of
Maryland it is not beef but oysters, terrapins,
and canvas-back ducks which make our people
equal to the beef-eaters of California.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate be
closed upon this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out the paragraph, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For the compensation of five extra clerks, employed in,
the Indian Office under the act of 5th August, 1854, and 3d
March, 1855, and under appropriations made from year to
year, $7,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire what these extra clerks are employed
upon.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that these clerks
were authorized under various appropriation bills,
and that some of them have been continued, but
not for the purpose for which they were originally
provided. In relation to this item, the paragraph
itself shows what the appropriation is for.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What I want
to know is what services they perform.
Mr. NELSON. I think I can answer the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
get some information from the gentleman from
Vermont in regard to the service of these clerks.
I do not know but that it maybe proper to make
this appropriation, but I propose an amendment
providing that these extra clerks shall not be em-
ployed after the 1st of January next, unless spe-
cially provided for by law.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say that the Secretary
of the Interior is very anxious to have Congress
legislate upon this subject.
