274:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
dealings under the former bill were injurious to
the public interests, and particularly detrimental
to the military service, it does not follow by any
means that under the new regulations which have
sprung up under the new provisions of the law,
which were designed, and it was said would tend
and were calculated, to remove the difficulties
which had been witnessed under the old regula-
tions, the intercourse is obnoxious to the same
objections which were made by the Committee
on Commerce on a former occasion; and there-
fore I hope that the bill will not only be referred,
but that it will be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, who once examined the question,
who had the facts before them, and who are not
disqualified, as my honorable friend from Ver-
mont supposes, by having reported this measure,
but who are qualified 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 merely presumed it had
been by the committee's recommendation, be-
cause 1 did not see how else it ever got through.
1 do not know anything about it more than that.
Mr. MORRILL. I will not say that the hon-
orable Senator had no ground for his supposition,
reasoning on that basis; but the fact is as I have
stated.
1 hope, therefore, Mr. President, that the bill
will be referred; and particularly in view of the
facts mentioned by the Senator from Vermont,
which I am very ready to believe, which 1 have
no doubt exist, and to a very much greaterextent
than he has stated. I am very free to say in ad-
vance that I have not changed my convictions on
the subject. I believed it was wrong then; 1 have
believed so all the time; 1 think so now. But I
think on a matter of so great importance as this
we ought to act with reference to all the facts that
can be gathered on the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. What I said in relation to
this section having been inseited on the recom-
mendation of the committee was only a presump-
tion of mine from the fact that it passed. I do not
know anything about it. The gentleman knows
what transpired in the Senate at the time; I was
not here when the bill passed. After the remarks
oftlie Senator from Maine, 1 move myself to lefer
the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONNESS. Beforethe reference made
I desire .simply to &ay that 1 have been the re-
cipient of many applications fiom parties inter-
ested who have obtained peimifs under thi.-* per-
nicious statute to Hade in cotton at New Oilcans
and elsewhere, and that copies of the President's
order and the orderof the Secretary of the Treas-
ury given to them to authorize them to trade at
those places have been furnished tome. When
i examined them, I confess that I was very much
surprised, for, like the honorable Senator from
Vermont, I was not aware of the fact that Con-
gress had passed such n law. I was astounded
that a policy such as these ordeis indicated could
possibly have been adopted in a time of war. Suc-
ceeding these applications, and m connection with
them, further applications were made upon the
refusal of General Canby at iNew Oihans, com-
manding that department, to carry out the instruc-
tions of the Treasury Department and of the
President, asking me to go to the War Depait-
ment, and to the Treasury, and to the President,
respectively, to obtain an ovenuling of the posi-
tion taken by General Canby in regard to it. I
will only say here for myself that i refused to in-
terfere in any respect, or to obtrude any advice
upon any Department of the Government in that
connection. These things took place with my-
self before the appeuiam-e of Gonerd CmhyV
report, which shows conclusively that he has been
simply performing his duty us uu honeyt and able
officer, as he is.
In that connection also permit me just now to
call the attention of the Committeeon Commerce
—I will submit the letters m my hand to them
with this reference—to the fact that the most
mischievous and pernicious action under these
licenses to trade in the rebellious territories is
constantly going on under and by the patronage
of oui Government. On Saturday morning 1 re-
ceived the letters I have now in my hand at my
desk here. One of them is written by an attorney
in New York city, who refers mo for his responsi-
bility to no less a person than the Vice President
of theUnited .States, He a&ks in behalf of another
party a permit to go to 'Newborn, North Carolina,
to trade m turpentine, &c. lie rives an account
of how the business is carried on there, and I take
it that it is sufficiently verified to be useful in
throwing some light on this general subject. It
appears that we have got a Treasury agent there
whose name is Heaton; and let me say here, with
no disposition to condemn humans by classes or
to condemn Treasury agents as a class, that suf-
ficient facts have come to my knowledge since
my connection with the Senate and with the Gov-
ernmental relation to Treasury agents to convince
me that taken as a class in their offices they are
the most pestilential and pestiferous set connected
wit!) the Government, the most obnoxious tojus-
tice and the most injurious to us as a people, i
will read from this letter:
" Heaton was appointed Treasury agent by"—
the former head of the Department—■
"and his business is to grant licenses to keep stores, and
some other duties, <is laid down in ins institutions ; but as
yet no person ha been authorized to act ;is assent for tho
Government to pincliase tuipentine or other produce lor
account of Government.
" There i= a speculator at Newborn named Charley Dib-
ble. lie has 110 hernse orotherauthorization to tiade. A
person biings in litiy barrels turpentine, and repoits to
Heaton. Ileaton tays he cannot buy it, as the Government
has not authoiized hun to do so ; but he lecmmnciuW them
to sell to Dibble, and to no one el«e. If a man say*> lie has
been m the habit (betore the war) of sell in? to PatteihOn,
Smith, oi Biown, and would like lo continue to trade with
them, Heaton say-, < Well, you had better tiade with Dib-
ble, who lias beta-i facilities, than anybody else.' And,
although he dues noi threaten, be hints veiy stiongly that
if Dibble is not the purchaser tho seller may have trouble.
" Heaton and Dibbleaie partners in the profits of all these
trades."
I might go on and read further, but you will
perceive what a lucky fellow Dibble is. Fortu-
nate Mr. Dibble indeed I There are a great many
of these eases over the country; this is but a
specimen. A case occuired recently in my own
State—the papers in relation to it are here now—
wheie a Treasury agent, drawing Ins pay from
the Government, sworn to cairy out its laws and
its ordeis. engaged, as 1 believe, and as 1 have
no doubt, for a moneyed consideration, in a vio-
lation of the neutrality laws, and sending out of
the port arms and munitions of war that he and
those connected with him might be benefited; and
lie went so far in his impudent attempt as to inge
upon the collector of the pott, (wiio said he would
and who did set/.'1 tho vessels w hich contained these
ai tides contraband,) a violation of his duty, and
argued indeed that it v.'as none of his business if
the oaths made before him were false; that he had
nothing to do with it; and finally he discovered
that it was perfectly right for the collector to grant
a clearance to a schooner of fifiy-fsve tons to clear
for Hamburg in Europe with those articles con-
traband of war on board; and that it was none of
the eollec't'i '.<? business to assume that she could
not make the voyage, but it was peifcctly light
for him to let them .swear her through. I lis con-
federate m the transaction, not then holding the
commission of the Government, whose corre-
spondence on the subject I have in my possession,
in ged the collector openly to violate his oath.
4< What of the oath r"he said, and he put it on the
ground of patnotism. "All these fellows, you
know, are * patriots.' " The tiuth of the business
is that it is through a superabundance of that kind
of patriotism, laiherthan through theeiloits of
tho rebels, that this war has been piolonged.
There is no doubt of it. I thank the Senator from
Vermont, and the country, 1 think, is under ob-
ligations to him, for presenting this subject to the
attention of Congress at this time.
I will say before I close that 1 have simply an-
swered all such applications as have been made to
me to aid these gentlemen in making money pend-
ing this war, by saying that I do no business of
that kind. The letters in my possession will go
to the Committee on Commerce, if they want
them, so that they may have the general range of
the special agents of the Treasury Department
before them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my own
convictions about this subject have been before
expressed to the Senate, and 1 will not now re-
peat them. I only wish to correct one or two mis-
apprehensions into which the Senate and the coun-
tiy might fall from thestatement of the honorable
Senator from Vermont. My own convictions
have been, like his, that we cannot at the same
time trade and fight with a people; commercial
relations are entirely inconsistent with war; and
I have also probably mentioned before the state-
ment of a distinguished officer that the trade with
the rebels had embarrassed all our military oper-
ations,especially along the river. Theactofl861,
allowing permits to trade, as acted on and carried
out, was very injurious, and I believe the whole
country demanded its repeal.
The only thing to which I wish now to call
the attention of the Senate is that this section of
the act of July 2, last, which the honorable Sen-
ator proposes to repeal, was ingrafted upon that
bill in the Senate when the honorable Senator
himself must have been present. The bill passed
this body, and it was sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives shortly after the section was inserted,
and the Senator voted for the bill. A A motion was
made to strike out this particuar section, the eighth
section, and the motion was rejected. The vote
of the Senate is not given, because it was not
taken by yeas and nays. Immediately afterward
the vote was taken by yeas arid nays upon the
passage of the bill with the eighth section in it, and
that vote is now before me. The honorable Sen-
ator voted for the bill. I only wish to call his
attention and the attention of the Senate to it. I
myself voted for the bill, probably without any
distinct recollection of the terms of that section,
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman probably
has looked at the record.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have tbe record before
me.
"Mr. COLLAMER. 1 can mprely say I did
not know this section was in the bill. I never
knew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very probable that the
section was put m the bill in the House of Rep-
resentatives. A motion to strike out was nega-
tived, not by yeas and nays, and immediately
following is the vote by yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bill originated here.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the section wnsprob-
ably in the bill as n came from the Treasury De-
partment, where I presume it was framed. The
bill came here probably with this section in it
from the Treasury Department, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, was deb.'ted, and
a motion was made here—it does not say by
whom—to atj ike out the eighth section. There
was no vote by yeas and ys, and then the bill
passed. The honoiable Senatorvoted for it, and
J voted for it, which i certainly would not have
done if my attention had been called distinctly
to the eighth section of the bill. 1 therefore do
not attribute any blame to him, because I voted
with him.
Mr. COLL A MER. I knew that bill; the Sen-
ator from Maine says the Committee agreed upon
it; 1 had no objection to it in that shape; but that
bill with this section in it I never should have
voted for. 1 did not know it was there. I was
perfectly astonished when I saw the President's
proclamation stating that to be the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion was made to
strike out the eighth section of the bill. That
amendment was agreed to in Committee oi the
Whole, and when in the Senate the question was
put on that amendment again. Here is the record:
'•The next amendment was to strike out the eighth sec-
tion, as lullows."
Then follow the very words of the law as it
now stands.
" Tin* amendment was not concuncd in."
No vote was taken on any other amendment;
and then followed the vote on the passage of the
bill, which showed a very full Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER, If the Senator will par-
don me 1 will correct him.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will hear the Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 have the record before
me; 1 read from the Journal:
u On the question. Will the Senate concuj in the fblhnv-
| ing amendment nuulc m Committee the Whok*, to
| wit, .strike out the eighth section
| The eighth section came from the Treasury De-
[ partment in the bill, and was stricken on! by the
Committee on Commeice. The Committee on
Commerce recommended an absolute prohibition
of all traffic with the rebel States, While the bill
was upon its passage in the Senate, the section
stricken out by the committee was lemstated by
the Senate on a distinct vote, against the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Commerce and
against the judgment of that committee, the com-
mittee having recommended an absolute prohibi-
