1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
tion of all trade and traffic with the rebel States
of every kind and description.
The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Commerce was agreed to.
CHARLES ANDERSON.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will al-
low me to take up a bill for the relief of a citizen
of my State. I move to take up House bill No.
1G3, for the relief of Charles Anderson, assignee
of John James, of Texas. A similar bill has
heretofore passed the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
Biderthe bill. It directs the Secretary of War to
pay to Charles Anderson, assignee of John James,
of'IVxns the sum of $1,041 66, being the amount
certified by the (Quartermaster General to be due
to John James for back rent of Camp Hudson,
in Texas, prior to July 1, 1859, the same having
been regularly assigned to Charles Anderson.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thiid time, und passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 16, 18G5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. **
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of the States for' bills on leave, to be
referred, and not brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
PAV OF SUPREME JUDGES.
Mr. GRISWOLD introduced a bill providing
compensation to the Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States and for the payment
of their traveling expenses; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
ihe Judiciary.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. ORTH introduced a bill to incorporate the
District of Columbia Railroad Company, which
was read a fust and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
INSPECTORS OF STEAMBOATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill to provide for two assistant inspectors of
steamboats in the city of New York, and for two
local inspectors at Galena, Illinois; which was
rend a first and second time, and leferred to the
Committee on Commerce.
MrSSOURI LAND TITLES.
Mr. KNOX introduced a bill perfecting the
title of certain locations of hind in the State of
Missouri; which was road a first and second
time, and refeirud to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a bill perfecting the titles to lands in the
State of Missouri, located under the act of Feb-
ruary IT, 1815; winch was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
BOARD OF HEALTH, 33TC., FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a bill to establish a
board of health and quarantine in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
UXITEff STATES JUDICIARY.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to amend the
judicial system of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciat y, and ordered to be punted.
DUTY ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. GRINNELL introduced a bill to increase
the duty on all spirits that may be distilled after
July 1, 1SG/5; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATIVES, ETC.
Mr. SLOAN introduced a bill submitting to
the Legislatures of the several States a propo-
sition to amend the Constitution of the united
States; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN asked for the reading of the
bill hi extenso, and it was read.
It provides for submitting to the Legislatures
of the several States the following article:
Airr. XIII, Sec. 1. Representatives in Congress shall
be apportioned among the several States which maybe in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective num-
bers of qualified electors. The actual enumeration shall
be made in the year 18/0, and within every subsequent
term often years, in such manner as Congress shall by law
direct.
Sec. 2. Direct taxes shall be apportioned among the
several States accouling to the apprised value of taxable
property therein respectively. The rule of appraisal and
taxation shall be unilorin.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. McBRIDE introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act granting lands to the State
of Oregon, to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of the State," approved July 2,18G4; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
RECLAIMING SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. ROSS introduced a bill to secure to the
several States the benefits of an act entitled "An
act to enable the State of Ailcansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp and overflowed lands
within their limits;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and Ter-
ritories for bills on leave being concluded, the next
business in order is the call of States for resolu-
tions, commencing with the State of Ohio, where
the call was suspended on the 19th day of Decem-
ber last.
UNITED STATES CHRISTIAN COMMISSION.
Mr. ASHLEY. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and demand the previous question on its
adoption: m
Resolved, Th.it the? use of the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives be granted to the United States Chi Mian
Commission for their anniveisaiy exercises on Sabbath
evening, Januaiy '2D.
Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On agree-
ing to the resolution, I demand the yeas and nays.
I do not believe in granting the Hall for this pur-
pose.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 38, not voting 64;
as follows;
YBAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Ancona, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John J>. IJaMujn, ll.ixtej, JJe.iman, Blame,
I'low, l>outwe||,Boyd, BioomaM, James S, Btown, Ambrose
\V Cl.uk,Cobb. Cofl'ioili, Cob1, Demuig, Dixon, Donnellv,
Urigg*, Ik'kley, Eliot, X"t-\nk, Gi mnell, Hale, Charter M.
Hcur.s, iliL'hy, lloopui, llotehki^, A-ahel VV. Hubbard,
John II. Huhbaid, lngei--oll. Jenekes, Julian, K«isMm,Kel-
ley, Oilando Kellogg, Kno.x, Linlejohn, Loan, Longyear.
M.uvm, MeAlhstei, Mtlndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Motiill,
Daniel Mortis, Amos Mvei«, Leonard Mjers,Norton, Oith,
Pattei^on, i'etham, 1'ike, Price, William II. Randall, John
II. itiee, Edward Ii. Itoiuns, .Scoileld, Shannon, Sloan,
S until, Smith "is, Spuld imr, Sm i, Steven?, Thayer, (Jp-^on,
William i>. Wa-hbnin, UYb-le', Whaiey, Williams, Wil-
son, Winilom, and Woilhiugton—78.
NAYS — Mv^is Augti^tu? <-• IJaldwm, Rr.mdegee,
Hiook-., Chanler, Coy, ( 'lavns, Detu-on. Eden, Ed«eiion,
Hlilt nice, Cniili-li, Finek, Gu^wold, Hall, Hat i in ton, IIol- .
man, VV'ilnam Johnson, Law, Le Jiloud. Long, MeKmue}, I
James R. Moui<, .Mdiiimjh, Noble. Pendleton. Robinson, I
itoirer-.. Ros.-. Sehenek, John B. Steele, Sales, Thomas,
Town.-eud. Wadswoilh, Eliiut B. Washbuiue, Wheelei,
Chilton A. VV lutt , and J< -< p!i VV. Wbir< — IS8.
NOT VOTIVG—\Ie*Mv. J.une* C. Aden,William J. Al-
len. A!i! y. Bailv, Blair, Bh.-^. William G. Blown, Fteeman
Clarke, Clay, Ciesvvell, Herny Wintet Davi-, Thomas T. |
O.iviu, Daw et-, Dawson, Dumont, F.un^woith, Gannon, ,
G.uiield, Gooeh, Gilder, Iiaiilm<r, Benjamin G. Hani-.,
lieriick, Hullitm!, llutchin-. Pinhp Johnson, K.ilbfleisch, j
Fiaacis VV, Kei|oir«, Kernan, Kmc. Knapp, Laz'-ai, Mai- i
lory, Maiey, MeBride, MeCluisj, McDowell, Middleton, !
William H. Miller, Mooihead. WKon. Odell, Charles I
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pmv, I'onieioy, I'rujn, Radioid, :
Samuel J Randall. Alexander II. Riee. James S Rollins, j
Scott, WilliamG. Steele, Sirouse, Stviau, Sweat, Tiaey, :
Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Ward, Wilder, "VVinfield,-
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood2 Woodbridge, and Yea*
man—04.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also move that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS,
_ Mr. SPALDING offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of this House, a sufficient number of extra copies of
the Dictionary of Congress to make the quota of the House
equal to that already ordered by the Senate; provided the
copyright hereby directed to be paid by the Clerk shall not
exceed the amount heretofore paid per copy for the sumo
work.
Mr. SPALDING moved to refer the resolution
to the Committee on Printing, and demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PEACE.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Whereas the country hails with manifestations of patri-
otic joy and congiatuhuion the victories recently achieved
by our brave armies; and whereas "the recognized object
of war, at least among civilized and Christian national's
an honorable and satisfactory peace; and that although we
do not know that the insurgents are yet prcpaied to agiee
to any terms ol pacification that ourGovernment would or
should deem acceptable, yet as there can be no possible
haim resulting from ascertaining precisely what they am
ready to do, and in ordei to refute the imputation that the
Adminifctiation contemplates with satisfaction a continu-
ance of hostilities lor their own sake, on any gtound of
mere punctilio, or for any reason than because it is com-
pelled by an absorbing regard for the very end of its exist-
ence;" and whereas "an established and rightly consti-
tuted Government, combating armed and menacing ichel-
lion, should strain every nerve to overcome at the eaiiiest
moment the resistance it encounters, and should not
merely welcome, but seek, satisfactory (however infoimal)
assurance"that its end ha* been attained:" Thcieioie,
Resolved, That now, in this hour of victory, which N ihe
hour of magnanimity, it is eminently the duty of the Inc-
ident,on the basis of the present "'rightfully constituted
Government," cither to <?end or receive commissioner* <>r-
ngents with a view to national pacification and tianqiul-
hty,or by some other rational means known to civilized or
Chiistian nations, secme the cessation of hostilities, and
the Union of the States.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I have modified the resolution since
it was first presented so as to remove objections
of gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
when the rebel executive and the rebel congress
have again und again peremptorily and insultingly
refused to entertain any overturesTor peace, I
deem that it would be disgraceful for us to con-
tinue to importune them to acceptpeace proposi-
tions and peace commissioners.
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate on
the resolution.
Mr. COX. I want the House to understand
this is Horace Greeley's proposition. X demand
the yeas and nays on the motion that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH. I understand that if the resolu-
tion be debated it goes over.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered.
MrvCOX. While I would like to hear the
gentleman from Kentucky, still I want the vote
taken to-day.
The question was taken,and it was derided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 51, not voting 48;
as follows:
YD AS—Messis. Alley. Allison, Ame«, Anderson, Arnold,
A^hle>, Bail/. John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, IV.iman. Bout-
well, liovd, IJiandesee. Hrooinnll, AmbiOM> W.Ct.wk. Fiee-
man Clarke, Cobb, Cole, flemy Winter Davis Thomas T.
H.ivts Daw—, Demmg, Dixon, Donnelly. EeM<\, Khot,
Frank, Gui held. Gooch, (Jrinneli, Gri&wokl Jlighy, JJoopev,
Asahel W. Hubbard. John H. llubbard, lnsei^oil. Jenekes,
Julian, K,bwm. Kelley. Francis W. Kellogg, Knox, Little-
John, Loan, LonL've.n. Marvin, McClurg, WeJndoe. Samuel
P. Miller, Aloirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myeis, Leonard
Myeis, No: ton, Oi th, Patterson,Terhaniji'ike, I'uee, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Alexander Ii. Itice, John II. liice, Edward
11. Rollins, JSchenck, ►Scoficld, Sioan, Snuth,  Smithere 
