276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Spalding, Stair, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Up&on, Van
Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Webster, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woithington—84.
NAYS—Me^r^. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bites,
Crooks, James S. Diovvn, Chanter, Cofiroib, Cox, Cravens,
Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridgc, English, Finck, Hale,
Ilall, Iiamngton, Chailcs M. Harris, Uolman, William
Johnson, Orlando Kpllogg, Kernan, King, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McAllister, McDowell,
McKinney,James it. Morris, Morrison, Noble, Pendleton,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Scott,
John B. Steele, Stiles, Townsend, Wadsworth, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. JamesC. A'lon, William J. Al-
len, Blaine, Blair, Blow, William G. Brown, Clay, Cres-
well, Dawson, i)riggs, Dumont, Farnsworth, Ganson,
Gridcr. llaidmg, Benjamin G. Hairis, Nernck, Hottbkiss,
lJulburd, liatehms, Philip Johnson, Kalbfleiseh, Knapp,
McBiide, Middleton, William II.Miller, Moorhead, Nel-
son, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Peiry. Poiiieroy,
Pruyn, James S. llolhns, Shannon, William G. Steele,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Tracy, Voorhees, Ward, Wiialey,
Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Woodbndgc—38.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the vote, «
Mr. THAYER stated that his colleague, Mr.
O'Neill, was paired with Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey.
Mr. VAN VALICENBURGH stated that his
colleague, Mr. Pomeroy, was absent from the
House oil account of illness in his family.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.'
PAYMENT OF RECRUITING OFFICERS.
Mr. FINCK submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolve (I, That the Committee on Military Affairs bo
directed to inquire into the expediency of ptovidtng by law
ibrthe payment of such field officers of regiments who
were appointed by thi  Governors of the several fates din-
ing the rebellion, and who wen; engaged in recruiting and
organizing companies and regiments for service in the
foice* of the United State*, or commanding, superintend-
ing, or directing camps of msti action ami rendezvous estab-
lished by .'aid Governors, the «imc pay and emoluments
allowed by the United States, at the tune, to ofl'iecis ofhko
rank, ii-Miu the time of enteiinj; upon Mich service under
their appointment up to tlie date of theii muster into the
eeiv<eeof the United States, and that said committee re-
port by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
QUOTAS OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McIClNNEYsubmitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Rewired, That tho Secretary of War, (if not incompati-
ble With the public inteiest.) be directed to communicate to
this House what is the number ot troops furnished by the
State of California to the Gi.neral Government under the
various culls, and whether the dial't has been enfoiced in
that State as in other States, and if not, the icason for its
non-enforcement.
The SPEAKER. This being a call on one of
the Executive Deportments for information mubt,
if objected to, ho over for one day.
Mr. COLE, of California. I object.
So the resolution was laid over.
REPAYMENT OP COMMUTATION MONEY.
Mr. NOBLE submitted the folio wing preamble
and resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Whereas under the call made by the Piosident for three
hundred thousand Hoop*, on the   day of , A, I).
1801,111 order to (ill their quotas, some of the district* made
a supplemental draft subsequent to the parage ot ihe act
regulating the subject, ot July 4,1H64, which supplemental
dial'ts were declared uregulai and the peisous thus dialled
were ouicred to be dischaiged theretnmi, and when com-
mutation had been paid it was also oidered that tho saw*
should be refunded, which lias not been dom-; ami whoicas
In many instances Ihe per>ons who had thus pan! commu-
tation within a very  hoit peuod tin realtor were again
drafted under the subsequent call and compelled *o enter
the service of the United States; and wheieas families aie
now buffering Cor want of the return of suul commutation :
Theielorp,
Raohed, That the Secretary of War be dnecied to in-
form this House why the said commutations have not been
refunded without so much delay.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SLOAN, i move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. NOBLE. Let me appeal to my friend not
to move to lay that resolution on the table for this
reason: I know many instances where the facts
therein stated are true.
Mr. SLOAN. I do not object to an inquiry
in reference to the subject-matterof the resolution.
What f object to is that the resolution asserts
many facta which I do not know to be true.
Mi. NOBLE. I do know that many of them
are true.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 have no objection to a reso-
lution of inquiry calling for ail the facts in rela-
tion to the subject.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I suggest to the gentleman
that the only difficulty here seems to be that in
the preamble a number of facts are stated as act-
ually existing. Now I have no doubt that my
colleague [Mr. Noble] is satisfied, either from
evidence within his own knowledge or otherwise,
that a part at least of these alleged facts are true.
Still they may be capable of some rebutting testi-
mony; and if my colleague would modify his reso-
lution by inserting after the word " whereas J5
the words " it is alleged," all objection would be
removed.
Mr. NOBLE. I have not the least objection
to so modifying the resolution, though I know
personally of the existence of many of the alleged
facts.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no doubtofthat; but
the modification will remove all objection.
Mr. NOBLE. I will make the modification sug-
gested; but 1 desire to say to my colleague that
I personally know of one or two instances where
men have been drafted and taken into the service
a second time whose families are now suffering
for want of this commutation money. And fur-
ther,! know application was made more than six
months ago to get the money paid back.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, requires unanimous consent to
be considered this day.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
Mr. NOBLE. Who objects?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object, and if the House
will pardon me, I will say to the gentleman from
Ohio that if he will introduce a simple resolution
asking information upon this subject, without al-
leging any matteis of fact about which the House
know nothing, there will be no objection to it.
Mr. NOBLE. I myself made a numberof ap-
plications more than six months ago for the repay-
ment of tins commutation which had been paid
by men who weie subsequently drafted. That f
know to be true. Since 1 have been here a num-
ber of these men and their families have written
to me with reference to the matter, and 1 have
called upon the War Department timeand again,
but have failed to get a return of the money. 1
know the families neecfthe money, and I think
the resolution should pass.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have called myself upon
the War Department many timesforinforniation,
and have failed to get it.
Mr. NOBLE. This is a case where money has
been paid, and it should be returned. The fault
is in the War Department.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I insistupon my objection.
So the resolution was laid over.
TAX ON PASSENGER TRAVEL.
Mr. SCllENCIC submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previousques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
directed to inquire into the expediency ot so amending the
laws for the assessment and collection of internal levenne
as to provide that a tax of not exceeding one cent per mile
be levied on evety pasMMigci tiavelmg by iiuiway, steam-
boat, or other public conveyance, to bo additional to any
tax rcquued by law to bo paid by the lailvvav companies
steamboat companies, or othei owneis oi such public con-
veyance.-.; and that provision be made undei pioperre-
sanctions and penalties (or the collection, accounting loi,
and paying over of such passenger la\ by the corpojations
and othei peisons owning and i uun such public convey-
ances, for a compensation not exceeding—per cent, lor
such collection and paying ovei.
Tho SPEAKER ordered toilers on the demand
for the previous question; and appointed Mr.
ScfiEN'cit and Mr. Townsend.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 54, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
EIGHT TO VOTE.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
A short time since I was granted leave to record
my vote upon the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Now, I understand that permission has been
given to the Committee of Ways and Means, of
which I am a member, to sit duiing the sessions
of the House. If so, I take it that that bestows
upon the members of that committee the right to
vote upon any question taken during their ab-
sence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair thinks, and in this he
has gone beyond his predecessors, that this privi-
lege enables the members of the committee to come
in and vote upon any proposition pending before
the House when they were not within the bar
when their names were called; but that they can-
not come in at a subsequent day, or after the re-
sult has been announced, and record their votes.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 accept the ruling of tho
Chair and thank the House for the permission to
vote. I vote " no" on the motion to lay the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] oil
the table.
EXCHANGE Off NAVAL PRISONERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, the
morning hour having expired, laid before the
House a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 21st of Decem-
ber, 18G4, a statement of what measures have been
taken for and whatobstacles are in the way of an
exchange of naval pusoners now in the hands of
the rebels; which was refeired to the Committeo
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the H(^se a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the annual
statement as to the appropi Unions for thatDepart-
ment, compiled by the Second Comptroller, in
compliance with the act of May 1, 1820; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MISSOURI A FREE STATE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a telegraphic dispatch received by him on
Sutuiday last, when the House was not in ses-
sion, with the request that it should be laid be-
fore the House of Representatives.
The Clerk read the dispatch, as follows:
Jefferson City, Missouri, Junuaiy 14, lb65.
Hon. Sciiuylcr Colfax,
Speaker House oj Representatives :
The following is the proclamation of Thomas C. Fletcher,
first Governor of free Missouti. We know you join in
spirit with Missouu in her jubilee to-dav.
GEORGE SMITH,
Pi content Semite of Missouri.
W. L. LOVELACK,
Speaker House of Representatives oj .Missouri.
Proclamation by the Governor,
JXreurivK Di farthest,
Jefferson Citv, Missouri, Janxuiiy 11,
Tt having pleased divine Providence to inspire to nght-
cous action thesoveieign penpleot Missouu, who,tlnougli
their delegates in convention assembled, with piopei local
authority ami <-oleinmty,have this day otdaiued that 1km «-
alter m this State there shall be neither slaveiy nor invol-
untary seivitude, except m punishment of cunie whereof
the paity shall have been duly convicted, and that nil per-
sons held to seivice or labor as slaves aie heieby deeiaied
ftee: Now, theietore, by auihouty of the supreme exec-
utive power vested in me by the const,mnon of Mi^oun,
I, Thomas C. Fletcher. Governor of the Stateof Missouri,
dopioelann that henceloith and forever no peison within
the jut isdlotion of this State shall be •, ubjoet ro anyabinlge-
ment of libeay, except such as the law shall prcscnbu lor
the common good, or know any mastei but God.
In testimony whereol 1 have hereunto Mgutd my name,
and c uised the gi cat seal ot the State to be allKed,
[r.. s.] at Jefferson City, tins llth dav of Jantnry. A. H,
1S65. THOMAS C. FLHTCIJLU.
By the Governor:
Francis Rodman, Secrctauj of State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
that communication be laid on the table and printed
in the aichives of the Government.
The motion was agreed to. '
reciprocity treaty.
Mr. "WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. On Friday
the gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Ward]
who objected to taking from the Speaker's table
the icsolution in relation to the abrogation oftho
reciprocity treaty, said that he would make no ob-
jection this morning. I hope the House will con-
sent to take Jt up and concur in the amendments
of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, Is that in
order?
