1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i§43
investigation of that multitude of important sub-
jects affecting every interest of the country which
now all go to the Committee of Ways and Means
that will enable the House to act understandingly.
That is what I have in view*
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. To illustrate the fact that
the efforts of the gentleman have not been with
the view to obtain information, but for the pur-
pose of carrying some other measure than that
which he has mentioned, let me call his attention
to two prominent instances in which he hA
called upon the Committee of Ways and Means
for information, and then complained that he has
not obtained it.
On one occasion he called upon the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to give information as
to the precise amount which had been paid out to
all the assessors of internal revenue throughout
the United States. Now, does any one suppose
that it would be possible for any member of this
House to have that information in his posses-
sion? Why, sir, the question itself was not de-
signed for the purpose of being answered. And
now on this occasion he asks us to give <o the
House information as to the precise number of
Indians out in Oregon who have been removed
from year to year! There is not a reasonable
man in the House who suppposes that that in-
formation is on any record or in the possession
of any member of this House.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
has not stated either of those facts correctly. In
the first place, 1 did not ask the committee to
state to this House"how much was paid to every
assessor in the United States. My question, as
he will find by referring to the Globe, was this:
what is the highest sum received, or that can be
received by any assessor or collector in any dis-
trict in the United States? I did not make the in-
quiry which he now states.
Again, sir, I did not call upon the committee
to inform this House as to the precise number of
Indians in Oregon. I asked for the number of
tribes; that is all; and it does seem to me that it
was not an improper question. And I must say
this—notwithstanding my remarks seem to have
excited the gentlemen on that committee—that 1
do not believe that I ought to be shut off from
seeking information on the subjects coming be-
fore us for action because the gentleman from
Vermont gets angry and exhibits his temper on
such occasions. 1 believe that it is a duty which
1 owe to the country, and I intend to di^harge
it to the best of my ability, either to bring out the
information or to show that there should be some
reform in the rules of this House whereby we
may be enabled to get that which we cannot now
fet. Now, sir, whether gentlemen like it or not,
expect to pursue this course until it shall secure,
if possible, an amendment of the rules, so that
we can have the various committees required for
the proper examination of the subjects coming be-
fore i he House, organized and charged with their
appropriate duties.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, because I do not want any coin paid.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far as 1 am concerned,
I care but very little whatanybody may say about
the Committee of Ways and Means or any of its
members. But there can be no doubt at all that
there has been, during this session, a studied de-
termination in certain quarters to disparage and
malign, so far as possible, the action of the Com- •
imttee of Ways and Means.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] justi-
fies his course upon very strange ground. When
has any member of the Committee of Ways and
Means ever objected to reforming the rules?
When has the question ever been before this
House? and when has any member of this com-
mittee ever said that the change proposed would
not be palatable to him ? Sir, 1 have not seen it.
I cannot believe but that the gentleman is labor-
ing under a hallucination, and that he believes he
was actuated by one motive when he was ac-
tuated by another and a different one.
As to the Committee of Ways and Means, we
do not pretend to be omniscient; we do not pre-
tend to be able to answer every question con-
nected with the whole legislation of the country.
We had hoped that other members would deem
it to be their duty, while the Committee of Ways
and Means were laboring as well as they could to
inform themselves, to make an effort to learn
something, and not deem that it was necessary to
be " crammed" by the Committee of Ways and
Means. [Laughter.] It is not to be expected that
we should constantly stuff their heads with ideas.
That, however, seems to be considered the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means. Gentle-
men sit here in supreme indifference and supreme
ignorance, and then rise in their places and ask
questions the answers to which may be found in
the books. They ask us to decide for the whole
of them instead of learning for themselves. I had
hoped that these men would try and inform their
own minds. I do not think from what I have
seen that it would hurt them to look a little for
themselves into the legislation of the country, and
inform their own minds of the things that are
going on.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to reduce it to one third.
Mr. Speaker, I understand very well how dan-
gerous it is to come into contact with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I know,
sir, that very few members of this House dare do
it; but while it is not a thing which I desire by
any means, I shall not shrink from it, notwith-
standing it may bring me in contact with the ac-
knowledged power and ability of that gentleman.
1 will, as a Representative of the people, in spite
of that power and ability, do my duty to the best
of my capacity, and not stop to ask his pleasure.
The gentleman speaks about the duty of mem-
bers informing themselves, and that they should
not expect to be <{ crammed" with the informa-
tion winch the Committee of Ways and Means
may have collected. Well, sir, I do not expect
to be crammed" by the committee, and no mem-
ber need fear such a result in any case; and I have
taken the pains on more than one occasion to in-
form myself in relation to matters coming from
that committee, and when propounding questions
to the committee I have received anything but an
indication of a disposition to furnish theinforma-
tion they were calculated to draw out for the in-
struction of the House; and almost every mem-
ber has had more or less of this experience as a
reward for his pains.
I repeat what I said before, that my course was
based upon what I regarded to be my duty, to
bring about a reform in this House, demanded
by the highest interests of the public business.
The gentleman savs that no member of the com-
mittee has opposed it. I have not said that op-
position rests with the Committee of Ways and
Means, or any member of that committee. I do
not know that it does, but I know very well that
it has been difficult to get this matter before the
House. I believe the report has been made, and
I hope that it will be acted on during thie session,
and that during the next Congress the business
will be divided, as it should be.
It has not been through any unkind feeling
toward any member of the Committee of Ways
and Means that I have pursued this course; but
when members consider the usual course pursued
by the committee, I shall be fully justified by them
in the efforts I have made to advance the public
interests. The Committee of Ways and Means
have been disposed to follow merely the esti-
mates. And I say again that that is the result of
the inability of any one committee to attend to all
of the details of the great variety of subjects and
measures which it is now the duty of that com-
mittee to examine.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means in one bill cut down the estimates
$6,000,000, and the House restored them.
Mr. WILSON. I speak of appropriations
made in accordance with the estimates and cor-
responding in sum, and to which the committee
so often give the weight of their position without
disposition or ability to give information jn de-
tail.
Mr. STEVENS. We cut them down more
than six million dollars, and they were restored
by the House.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman does notunder-
stand me.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I make the point that this
debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WILSON. It is an unpleasant position
for any member to occupy to run counter to the
views and feelings of any committee of the House,
and particularly is this so with respect to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I must be per-
mitted to repeat that, notwithstanding the crush-
ing weight the chairman of that committee can
bring to bear upon any member who may differ
from him, I shall not withhold my efforts to dis-
charge my duty as my judgment may dictate,
regardless of his wishes, consulting only my
desire to serve the country as best I can.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the House simply
that the Committee on Rules placed in my hands
a proposition to produce the reform referred to
by the gentleman from Iowa—namely, to divide
the Committee of Ways and Means into three
committees, one on revenue, one on appropria-
tions, and 
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the gentleman from Ohio is not speak-
ing to the question before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The Chair sustains the point of order. The gen-
tleman from Ohio will proceed in order.
Mr. COX. 1 would like to know whether the
Speaker knows how I am coming out on my ar-
gument.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
unable to say whether he does or not.
Mr. COX. I understood the Speaker to* rule
that the gentleman from Iowa was in order in his
discussion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio is mistaken. Thepointof ordertaken
in the form in which it was was not a point of
order, and thegemleman from Iowa was speaking
to the question. It was simply an inquiry as to
what the question was before the House.
Mr. COX. Then, as I understand, the Chair
overruled a point of oider when there was none
made. [Laughter.] I am sorry to put the Speaker
in that predicament, and I withdraw my remark.
[Renewed laughter.]
I was about to say that proposed rules were
placed in my hands in order to be reported to the
House 
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Ohio is not speaking to the
question before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. COX. I respectfully decline to discuss this
question any further. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words " payable in gold."
i move the amendment simply for the purpose of
saying a word or two. Here are debts due from
the United States to Indian tribes. We are pay-
ing interest in gold to the holders of our public
debt, and I can see no reason why we should not
pay this debt in gold. I propose this amendment
at this time simply for the purpose of saying that
I intend to move an additional section to this bill
by which it shall be provided that all payments
made to Indian tribes by virtue of treaty stipu-
lations shall bepayablein coin. 1 therefore with-
draw my last amendment and renew my original
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the readingofthebilL
Mr. 1IUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
in line twelve hundred and forty-one, page 51,
by striking out«' $150,050" and inserting in lieu
thereof" $100,000;" so that the clause will read;
For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental ex-
penses of the Sitsseton, Wahpatori, Medawakanton, and
Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, at their
new homes, {$JOU,0OO.
On looking over the appropriations of last ses-
sion of Congress I noticed that we appropriated
only $100,000 for this purpose, and 1 believe the
estimated amount of appropriation necessary was
reduced upon the motion of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will say to the gentleman
that I think the amount inserted in the bill is a
mistake, and that the amount should have been
§100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
