1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
apply to other sums appropriated in the bill. It
is pirfi'dly clear that if wo had made treaties
of tins kind with a foreign Power we should be
compelled to pay in coin. Should we do less
for those in our power and under our control?
Should we do less becao.se the power is in our
own hamU? Can we afford to be unjust under
such circumstances? I have been told that, to
some extent at least—I do not know how far—
some of th^se payments have been mode in coin
by the Secretary of the Treasury. But i doubt
whether it has been so beyond those very few
cases in which, for some special reasons, payment
in coin has been expressly stipulated for. If we
are bound to pay others in coin we certainly
should pay these Indians in coin. At the time
these treaties were made the value of a dollar was
well understood. It was knownjust what it would
purchase. If paid m our present cuirency it will
procure only half of ihe commodities, half of the
necessaries for the Indians which it was agreed
they should have. 1 trust that there is such a
sense of justice in the House as will lead it to
adopt this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendments, i will not under-
take, at this late hour of the night, to reply to the
gem lemon from New York.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont to withdraw the call tor the previous ques-
tion so as io pei mil me to say a word.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly,sir. I withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a
word in regard to the amendment offered by the
geuthman from Nt„w York, [Mr. Pruyn.] I
think there is great force in the proposition sub-
mitted asan additional section, ami in the remarks
of the gentleman from New Ymk. He has well
said that if it were with a powerful nation we were
dealing we should never thinkof paying m paper
money instead of in coin, I received, not long
since, a very able letter from an Indian chief in
my district,asking whether tin* Government pro-
posed to pay the Indians in gold and silver, as it
had agre< d to do, or, if not, whether the Govern-
ment proposed eventually to pay them in gold
and silveror theirequivalent. Now, I would like
to see a proposition adopted by this House, if
we cannot pay them in gold and silver, to pay
them the equivalent of com. It is but simple jus-
tice, and we should deal it out to these people.
We should be just though the heavens fall, and
not take advantage of these people because they
are poor and weak and cannot defend themselves.
1 am in favor of this amendment.
In accordance with my promise to the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] I-renew'the
call for the previous question on the bill and
pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered,
Th" first question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Pruyn.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was read the third lime.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
HALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Hall of the House of Representatives
shall not be opened for public meetings, after the 4th day of
March next, until the meeting of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
And then, (at twenty minutes to eleven o'clock
p. m.,) on motion of Mr. RANDALL,of Penn-
sylvania, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 24,1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D ,
Chaplain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yesteiday's
proceedings was dispensed with.
KECESS.
Mr. FOOT. I will move now that the Senate
take a recess to-day from half past four o'clock
until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the credentials of
Hon. Richard Yates, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Illinois a Senator from that State
for the term of six years from March 4, 1865;
'which were read, and ordered to be placed on the
files.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRES1DKN 1' laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of the I ntenor, communi-
cating estimates of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs of the sums required to be appropriated to
cai ry into effect the provisions of the treaty made
wnh the Great and Little Osage Indians in Kan-
sas, August 29,1863,and theamendments thereto
of July 2,ltf64; which was read, ordered to he on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretaiy of the Interior, communicating esti-
mates of the Commissioner of Indian Aftairs of
the amount recommended to be appropriated for
the balance due the confederated tribes of Kaskas-
kia, Peoria, Wea, and Piankeshaw I ndians, aris-
ing irom the saie of their trust lands by the late
receiver general, William Bnndle, and io be re-
imbursed on the fi..al settlement of said Bnndle's
accounts; which was read, and refened to the
Committee on Indian Affuiis.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, recommending that
special authority be given to the President of the
United States to negotiate with the Stale of West
Virginia for the assumption or payment by her
of the bonds and obligations of the State of Vu -
ginia held by the Secretary of the Interior in trust
for various Indian tribes; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of im-
porting meichantsin the city of New York, pray-
ing for an extension of the time within which
goods in public stores may be withdrawn or the
dunes paid thereon; winch was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr.SPRAGUE presented a memorial of Caleb
Tompkins praying forcompensation for property
destroyed by the Army of the United States, at
Cartorsville, Georgia, on or about the 20th day
of May, 1864; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. NYE ptesented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the Slate of Nevada in favor of the pas-
sage of a law fixing the thirty-seventh degree of
longitude west from the city of Washington as the
eastern boundary of the State of Nevada; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a ship-canal from
Lake Superior through the neck of land known
as the Portage Isthmus to Portage Lake; which
were read, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
474) to establish a commission of claims at
ICnoxville, Tennessee; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say, in intro-
ducing this bill, that I do not stand committed to
favor all its provisions contain; but i introduce
it for the purpose of having it considered by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which committee
I move us reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso*
lution (S. R. No. 124) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to invest its funds iri
Government securities for certain purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the"
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
KBPOKTS FttOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.-No.
471) extending the time for the completion ofcer-
tain land-grant railroads in the State of Minne-
sota, and for other purposes, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 472)
to provide for the construction of certain wagon
roads in the Territories of Idaho, Montana, Da-
kota, and Nebraska, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Itaihoad, to whom was referred the bill
(LI. R. No. 763) to amend an act entitled 44 An
act to aid in the construction of a railtoad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses, " approved July 1, 1862, and to amend an
act amendatory thereof approved July 2, 1864,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Fosdick
Fletcher, ptay ing for the passage of an act author-
izing a raihoad to be built along the line of the
thirty-second degree of latitude, folio wing as near
as practicable ihe surveyed route from New Or-
leans to St. Diego, with a branch to San Fran-
cisco, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.304)
for the relief of the parties in a cause pending in
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
wherein Emily F. Wiley is plai miff, and Mai shall
Biown and others are defendants,reported it with-
out amendment,and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
James Todd, administrator of Joshua D. Todd,
a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be allowed
the difference of pay between master and passed
midshipman during the time he wasactingmaster,
submitted a report, accompanied bya bill (S. No.
473) for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Josnua D. Todd, late of the United States Nav£,
deceased; which was read and passed to a second
reading: and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was refeired the petition of
Edgar Conkling, agent for the Refugee Reli«f
Commission of Ohio, praying for an appropri-
ation to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of War, in furnishing poor white refu-
gees of the South with seed and farming imple-
ments, and such who are mechanics with tools,
&c., asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committeeon Claims,ta
whom was referred the petition of Mrs. Brandt,
widow of Frederick Brandt, praying to be ly-
imbursed for losses sustained by the sacking of
Lawrence, Kansas, by duantrcll, on the 21st of
August, 1863, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was ugreed to.
Mi. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
377) granting lands to the State of Missouri to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 161) in relation to
certain railroads, reported it without amendment,
and that it ought not to pass.
MEXICAN AFFAIKS.
A motion by Mr. WADE to print the messag#
of the President of the United States, communt*
eating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 13th ultimo, information in relation
to the present condition of Mexico and the cat*
of the Ftench war transport steamer Rhinti W«4
referred to the Committed on Printings
