1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tv
2?9
continues coal will be higher next year than it is
now, and it is th« duty of the Administration to
estimate in reference to the expenditures for coal
what will he the expansion of the currency. As
I have said, if the war continues next year coal
must be dearer, higher in price than now.
Mr.Chairman, these deficiency bills are notonly
in contravention of law and of the practice of the
Government, but they show the folly of the esti-
mates on the part of the Administration, if when
they do call upon us for these deficiency bills they
would go into a little calculation of the possible
expansion of the currency, say fifteen or twenty
per cent, a year, they would probably reach some
proper and satisfactory estimate.
Mr.THAYER. I ask the gentleman what the
difference is provided it is shown that the money
has been honestly expended.
Mr. BROOKS. I will inform the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that this is an old subject of
complaint in this House, which has been dis-
cussed frequently. Congress has again and again
protested against the practice of deficiency bills.
The whole object (if these estimates is to hold the
Departments and the Administration to a strict
accountability; to appropriate money upon the
estimates and to restrain all expenditures within
the scope of the appropriations, and on no account
to permit the Administration to exceed them. It
is only just and proper that the Administration
should be lestricted to legally-adopted appropri-
ations, yet wc have cons tan tly-occurring instances
where expenditures are made not authorized by
law, and appropriations are diverted from their
legitimate objects. Wo ought to put a stop to
the use of money by the Administiation for which
there is no appropriation, and confine the action
of the Government rigidly to the legal appropri-
ations made by Congress.
Heretofore, sir, previous to this war, underall
Administrations, it has been the practice to esti-
mate within a few hundred thousand dollars the
aggregate annual expenditures of the Government.
During t he war of 1819 and the Mexican war, the
appropriations corresponded with the estimates
of the Departments,and theseappropuations were
rarely exceeded. The reason why the present
Adnunistrationgoes beyond its estimates hundreds
of millions is because of its inability to compre-
hend the real value of money; that a dollar now
will not be a dollar one year from now. They re-
fuse to recognize that the inflation of the curienc y
will depreciate its value as compaied with gold.
Mr. STEVENS. In one thing the gentleman
has said 1 agree perfectly with him. The Ad-
ministration, holding such opinions as it does in
respect to the currency, could not be expected to
calculate upon us depreciation. My idea was
that our policy in refeiencc to the finances would
make gold worth 200 or 250 as compaied with cur-
rency. This was to my mind in consequence of
requiring interest on the public debt to be paid
in gold as well as the duty on imports. The Ad-
ministration holding contrary views could not be
expected to make estimates according to the views
of the gentleman and myself.
Again, it has been generally supposed by the
Administration that this war would end shortly,
and therefore they were bound to make their es-
timates accordingly. Now, I find fiom the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] that peace is to be
brought about by the negotiators who have gone
to Richmond and the one who 1 am sorry to learn
was arrested on his way to this city. There is
no doubt that the efforts of Mr. F. P. Blair and
others will bung this war to a close in sixty days,
[laughter;] and the Administration may possibly
reconsider its estimates. Until they do so I think
we had better pass them as they are.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For equipments oi vessels, §300,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh and twelfth amendments:
Insert the following:
jhue,in ot I'lovi-ions and Clothing:
For provwoii*, vl.501),000,
For clothing, ^luojoot).
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concuirence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Thirteenth amendments
Insert the following: y
For ;t gold ni<;da! to Cornelius Vanderbilt, pursuant to the
j joint resolution approved Jaimaiy 28, 1S64, $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. COLE, of California. It seems to me that
this is a useless appropriation, and that even if
a medal is to be presented the present condition
of our finances would suggest to us to postpone it
till a less sum would answer the same purpose. If
we are to appropriate for a medal to a naval officer
it should be for one who has suffered and not for
one who has been largely benefited by this war.
It is alleged by some one near me that Com-
modore Vanderbilt has made a donation ef a ves-
sel to ihe Government. True it is, but it was not
to the advantage of the Government, perhaps, so
much as his own advantage, that the donation
was made. I hope, therefore,this appropriation
will not be made at this time. If at some subse-
quent time, when the national Treasury is more
pleihoi ic than at present, such a propsition should
be made, 1 might not peihops oppose it, though
at this time I do.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say that the last ses-
sion of Congress ordered the medal to be pro-
cured. It has been procured in pursuance of that
order, and the only question is whether we shall
pay for it or not. The only thing wrong about
this matter is thatthe people of California charge
three times more for their gold than they ought
to; and if we could make them take one thousand
instead of three i would go for it.
As to the merits of this matter, I will say that
I felt at the time wc passed the resolution that we
had been guilty of a shameful neglect indelaying
so long to make a proper acknowledgment to
Commodore Vanderbilt for making a present to
tiie Government of the fastest vessel on theocean,
worth £>1,000,000. Our poor return for it is this
medal, and 1 am sorry to hear any objection to it.
At the commencement of the war Commodore
Vandeibilt gave to the Government that grand
vessel which was earning him its thousands a
day. We neglected to acknowledge it for a long
time, but at last ordered this medal.
Mr. COLE, of California. Do I understand
the gentlemen to say that medal has already been
obtained and bestowed upon the commodore?
Mr. STEVENS. Not bestowed yet.
Mr. COLE, of California. Then it is not clear
that it has been already made, butonly contracted
for upon the contingency, pei haps, of making this
appropriation. If so, 1 still maintain that the
appropriation is improper at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary that I should add anything to the remarks
made by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] But Commodore Van-
derbilt, though not a constituent of mine, is a cit-
izen of New York,and I feel it my duty to say a
word or two. Sir, I am sorry to see any mani-
festation of feeling upon the part of any Califur-
nian lespecting the steamboats run between Pan-
ama and San Francisco, leading to any conflict
of opinion upon a subject of this nature.
The facts slated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania are that in a trying time, when the Ad-
ministration was utterly unable, or supposed to
be unable, but for the fortunate appearance of the
Monitor at Fortress Monroe, to provide a steamer
of sufficient swiftness and power to confront the
Meinmac, Commodore Vanderbilt gave to the
Administration of the Government one of the
most magnificent presents that was ever made by
any man to any Government on earth; and that
wrts a steamer worth $1,000,000, and which could
not be built now for less than $1,500,000, and
probably would cost nearly two millions.
That steamer has done essential service to our
Navy, to its character, to its honor, and to the po-
lice of the seas in almost all parts of the world.
For this ihe voting of a medal was our inadequate
reward. At the last session of Congiess both
Houses almost unanimously voted that a medal j
should be provided for Commodore Vanderbilt I
in testimony of this magnificent donation; but
Congress omitted at that time to vote the proper
amount of money for the medal. „
The Administration of the Government, unable
to provide for that medal withoutcoming to Con-
gress, comes now and asks for the execution of
our own act in this call for an appropriation of
$3,000. The question, then, is this: Commodore
Vanderbilt gives $1,500,000 to the Government,
and the reward we offer for it is, first* the honor,
a very great honor., and in addition a testimonial
of $3,000, not for himself, but to behanded;down
to his children, to be shown as the representative
of the high patriotism which induced him in a most
trying time to make this noble gift to his country
to open James river and to protect the country
from the incursions of the Merrimac.
I hope no personal, political, or sectional feel-
ing will be permitted to mingle itself with this
question, but that the House will respond to this
call on its part of the Administration with a like
unanimity that the medal itself was voted.
Mr. HIGBY. ft may be very well for the
gentleman from New York to get up here and
give us a chapter of laudation of the celebrated
Commodore Vanderbilt. P ut he represents one
constituency, and I represent another; he repre-
sents one upon the Atlantic coast,and I represent
one upon the Pacific coast. And 1 would say to-
him that when I express my views, 1 express the
views of my constituents; and 1 say thatthe Com-
modore Vandei hilt for whom this appropriation
is made, I understand to be, and so do my con-
stituents, one of the greatest swindlers there is in
this nation. He cannot be excelled or exceeded
in thut respect, and I do not know but that I
might add that he is a murderer. He builds crafts
and puts them upon the o.cean, and he resorts to
all the contrivances he can to prevent other peo-
ple from putting crafts upon the ocean, and mo-
nopolizes the whole business. He lies across the
throat of every Californian who travels from New .
York to San Francisco, i should have failed in
my duty here if I had not, when this question
came up, risen in my place and said what I have
said. It is not necessary that I should reiterate
what I have said.
This matter is not understood by the members
of this House. Wc had no opportunity of ex-
pressing our views when the resolution providing
for this medal passed the House. The previous
question was called, and it went ripping through
this House at once.
It is said that Vanderbilt has given a steamer
to the Government of the United States worth a
million or a million and a half of dollars. I am
credibly informed that he made money by giving
it, for the reason that it cost so much money to
run it that he could not make money by it, and
had better give it away.
I suppose that as this medal has been voted
wc shall have to appropriate this money, but if
I had to hang a medal on his neck it should be
one of leather, and nothing more valuable. I am
opposed to the amount appropriated, but if in
good faith there has been a medal made which
cost §3,000, why, I suppose that this appropria-
tion must pass the House.
I have now had an opportunity to express
myself upon this subject, and I have expressed
myself freely and truthfully. Murder! Why,
how do this man's vessels go out upon the ocean
at times? Sometimes they go out upon an ocean
harrowed by storms with their machinery withed.
and wired up so that it is nothing but God's
mercy, and not because of any precautions on
the part of the owner of the vessels, that they do
not go to the bottom; they are well insured. It
is disgraceful when you examine the details in
regard to the kind of shipping he puts on the
ocean to carry men. We know that at our end
of the route, and I am glad of an opportunity to
express it. There is nota Californian who would
not express himself precisely as I liave done
upon this question.
It is very easy for gentlemen from the city of
New York, who do not go upon the ocean, who
do not have to go upon the water and expose and
hazard their lives, to rise here and speak in laud-
atory terms of this man. We of California have
no laudations for men of that kind.
Mr. STEVENS. It is mortifying, it is hu-
miliating, to hear an opposition of this kind in
this House, and to find gentlemen departing from
the question before the House in order to attack
a man *s private character. Sir, if there had been
anything connected with this donation which was
discreditable to the donor, if they could have ob-
jected to it, that would have been pertinent; but
to take occasion of a. valuable gift by a private
gentleman to the Government, without finding the
