280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
least fault with the thing given or with the man-
ner of giving it, to enter into his private and pro-
fessional character in relation to other matters, is
•wholly impertinent; no judge in a court would
hear such a plea for a moment, but would put
down the offer of such an argument as scandalous.
Now, 1 know nothing about the facts alluded
to by the members from California. We are con-
sidering a magnificent present made to the Gov-
ernment by Commodore Vanderbilt, and we are
rjot paying him for that present, but we are giv-
ing him an honorable testimonial of our regard
for it. I care not how bad the man is who has
done a good act. The only question is whether
he should be honored forthatact. Am I .to bring
up his former life and other things in order to de-
feat the consideration of that question ? I say, sir,
it is shameful. It is unpleasant to hear the bene-
factor of the nation dealt with thus irreverently
in this House. I hope the amendment will be
.adopted unanimously with the single exception
of the members from California.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes.
Mr. HIGBY. I made the statement that I was
credibly informed that Vanderbilt did not run the
steamer because it was no profit to him, and
therefore he gave it away, la not that pertinent?
# Mr. STEVENS. " Crediblviiiformed." That
is about as much evidence aa I expected.
Mr. IilGBY. It is nota question of evidence.
Mr. STEVENS.'"Credibly informed." When,
how, where, by whom? Sir, I do not like this
"credible information "to justify an unjust speech.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr.Chairman,Commo-
dore Vanderbilt has just been assailed on this
floor in terms that those who have had an oppor-
tunity of knowing him will be astonished to hear,
lie needs no defense against the attacks of the gen-
tlemen from California. His noble deeds and
great enterprise, rewarded with success, are too
well known to call for anything in his defense. 1
know that, independent of the magnificent gift
which this medal is lo acknowledge and commem-
orate, Commodore Vanderbilt, at a time when the
national finances were disturbed and money could
scarcely be had at any price before the war, took
one Government loan of $3,000,000, and holds
the bonds to-day. I should like to know from
the gentleman from California whether a vessel
that is worth $1,000,000 could not be disposed of
for nearly that sum? What constitutes the worth
of an article? What it will bring, does it not?
Commodore Vanderbilt donated his vessel to
Government. The argument, then, that because
he found the expense too great to retain it is too
trifling to be considered. The hostile feeling in
California toward him is founded on the fact that
Commodore Vanderbilt manages his own afiairs
to suit himwelf. The assertion that he conducts
his line of steamers in a way prejudicial to the com-
fort of travelers is no argument to be made in this
House. He never seeks to force people into his
Bteamers, and those who take passage do it of
their own free will. That that gentleman, with
his talents and his wealth always at the disposal
of the Government, should be assailed in such un-
handsome terms, will be a matter of profound as-
tonishment and legret to his numerous friends.
And, sir, I am simply performing what I consider
a pleasant duty in defending him.
The question was taken, and the amendment
Was rone.ui red in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Unios had had under consideration as a special
order the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 620) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1865, and had directed him to report
the same back to the House with a recommenda-
tion that some be concurred in and others non-
concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the recommendations of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were concurred
in without division, with the exception of the fol-
lowing:
Fifth amendment:
Strike out the following :
For salary of the commissioner for codifying the naval
laws, under joint resolution of March 3, 1B63, from July 1,
1864, to March 3, 1865, $2,025.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Rollins, of Missouri, and Hooper were ap-
pointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 35.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments were severally con-
curred in or non-concurred in; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that there be a com-
mittee of conference appointed on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Ste-
vens, Pendleton, and Web&ter were appointed
a committee of conference on the part of the
House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the re-
lief of George Mowrey; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MILITARY ARltESTS AND IMPRISONMENTS.
Mr. GANSON asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Rcsoli-cd, That the Military Committee be, and they are
hereby, directed to ascertain and report to this Home as
soon as possible the number of persons now confined m the
Old Capitol and Carroll pttsons; when such persons were
respectively airc&ted .md confined, and upon what charges
their nrre-t* weie made; whether any ol Mich persons! are
offieeis of the Auny, and have been confined without a
mal bejond the time in that respect pie>enbed by law or
by the jegulatiou* in the militaryseiviee; and whether any
persons m> in puson are confined without any written
chaiges made «gainst them ; and whether there are any
persons now m said jn isons who have not had any trial; if
so, tejjott the uame.s of such persons, the time when they
wetc arrested, and the alleged cause of their airest re-
spectively; and that the said committee be, and they aie
bcieby, authorized to send for per-ons and papers.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. 1 object to the intro-
duction of the resolution. The same avenues of
information are open to the gentleman as to other
members.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN asked leave to introduce a
bill to amend an act entitled " Anact forcnrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes."
Mr. FA RNS WORTH. I object.
SENATE RILLS REFERRED.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that two Senate bills on
the Speaker's table be taken up and refeired to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Theie being no objection, an act (S. No. 88)
regulating criminal cases, and forother purposes,
and an act (S. No. 72) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes,"approved July 2,1863, were
severally taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bill
No. 1G3, for the relief of Charles Anderson, as-
signee of John James, of Texas.
% RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now call for the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The special order is the con-
sideration of " A bill (H. U. No. 602) to guaranty
to certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican foun of gov-
ernment," reported from the select committee
on the rebellious States. The consideration of
this bill was. postponed from December 20, 18G4,
to Tuesday, January 10, 1865, after the morning
hour, and made a special order from day to day,
after the morning hour, until disposed of. It has
just been reached in the regular order of business.
Mr. ASHLEY. In pursuance of previous no-
tice, I submit the following as a substitute for the
original bill:
Strike out all after tlio enacting clause, and insert:
That in the States declared hi rebellion against the Uni-
ted States, the President shall, by and with the advice and
consent ot the Senate, appoint lor each a ptovtsioiml gov-
ernor, whose pay and emoluments shall not exceed that of
a bttgadier general of volunteers, who shall be chained with
the civil administration of such State until a State govern-
ment therein shall bo recognized as heieinaftei provided.
Sec. 2. And be it fmther enacted, That until the United
States shall have recognized a republican foun of State
government, the provisional govcinoi in each of said States
shall see that this act, and the iaws of the United State*,
and the laws of the State in foice when the State govern-
ment was overthiown by the rebellion, are faithiuily exe-
cuted within the State; but no law or usage wheicby any
person was heretofore held in mvoluntniy servitude MiaII
be recognized or enforced b> any court or officer in such
State; ami the lasvs tor the ttial and punishment of white
persons shall extend to all persons, and jmor& shall have
the qualifications of voters under this law for delegates to
the convention. The President shall appoint suchOifieers
provided for by the laws of the State when its government
was oveithrown as he may rind neeessaiy to the civil ad-
ministiutton of the State, all winch officers shall be enti-
tled to receive the fees and emoluments provided by the
State laws for such officers.
Sfc. 3. And he it further enacted^ That until the recog-
nition of a State governmental aforesaid, the provisional
Governor-hall, under such regulations as he may pie.scnbe,
cause to be a-se&sed, levied, and collected, foi the year
1£65, and every year thereafter,the taxes pic-cubed by the
laws of Mich State to be levied during the ti-ea) yeai pre-
ceding the oveitlnow of the State government thereof, m
the mannei pre-ci ihed by the laws oi the State, as nearly as
may be ; and the officer*, appointed, as atoie-aid, aie vested
with all powers ot levying and collecting such taxe>, by
distress or s?ale, as were vested in any officios or tnbunal
of the State government aforesaid for tlio-e purposes, Tlio
pioeeeds of such taxes shall be accounted tor to the pio-
visional govcinoi, and be by him applied to the evpeiihCJ
of the administration of the laws in Mich Slate, subject to
the direction of the President, and the suiplus i*hali be de-
posited m theTieasnryot the United States to the cr< (lit of
such State, to be paid to the Slate upon an appmpriatum
theiefor, to be made when a republican lorm ol govern-
ment shall be recognized therein by the United States.
Skc. 4. And be il fui tho cnactcil, That .ill persons held
to involuntary servitude or labor in the Slates oi pails of
States in which such persons have been dedaied free by
any pioclamation ol the Pte-ident, aie heieby emancipated
and di-ehaiged tlieichom, and they and their poMenty
shall be ibtevei iree. And it any such peiM>n or their
posteiity shall be lcstiaiued of libetty, under pietensc of
any claim to such service oi laboi, the « muh of the United
States shall, on habeas cmput, di-chaige them.
Sic. f>. And he i£ fmtker enacted, That U nnv pet son de-
daied free by this act, or any law ol the United Slate-., or
any pioclamation of the PieMdent, ho restiained ol libei ty,
wuli intent to be held in or ieduced to involuntary servi-
tude or laboi, the person eonvieted b> foto a eomt ot com-
petent jtnisdietnm of such act -hall bt; punished by fine of
not less than ,"8(1,500, and be imprisoned not less than live
nor mote than twenty yeais.
Si-.c. G. And be it further enacted, That every person who
shall heicatter hold or exeicise any office, civil or unhtai y,
except offices metely num-teiial and militaty offices below
the guide ot colonel m the rebel -ei vice, State oi confed-
erate, is heieby declared nut to be a ciliztn of tlx- Unitid
States.
Sfov7. Jlnd he it further enacted, That so soon as the
military icsistanee to the United Slates -hall have been sup-
pressed m any Mate, and the people theicof shall have suf-
iicicntly returned to then obedience to the Constitution
and the laws of the United States, the pioviMonalgovernor
shall direct Ihe mar>h;il of the United State-, as speedily a i
may be, to name a sufficient nunibei of deputies, and to
emoll all white male citizen- of the United Stales ie-ideut
in the State in theirre-poctive counties, and to requc-t each
one to take the oath to Mippoi t the Con-tituuon of the Unitul
States, and in hi^omolhueiitto de-agnate those who take and
tho-e who refuse to take that oath, which rolls shall be lot th-
with retm ned to the provisional govcinoi; and it the per-
sons taking that oath "hall, together with Ihe citizens, of tho
United States from <uch State m the military or naval sei vico
of the United States, amount to a niajortty of the prisons
enrolled in th« State, he -hall, by pioclanrntton, invite tho
lojal people of tho State t<> elect delegates lo a convention
chained to declaie the will of the people of ihe Slate (da-
tive to the leestabhshment of a Slate government, subject
to and m coufuimit)- with the Constitution of the United
States.
Skc. Jlnd he it fuithcr enacted, That the convention
shall consii-i of as nmuy m-mbeis a- both hou-e- of the last
con-utuiional State Legislature, nppoiti'Mied by the piovis-
lonal governor among the countie-, pan-he-, ot di-tuets of
the State in proportion to Ihe population enrolled by the
niai-hM, in compliance w nh the ptovj-ions ot ilus (U t, or
in the nuhtarj or naval service of the United States, as
iitoic.-aid. The piovi-ional governor shall, by proclama-
tion, declare the number of d< legates to be elected hv each
county, pats-bjor election distrn t : name a day o! election,
not le-* than thirty days tiieierutei ; designate the places of
voting m each county, pau-h, ot di-tiict, coutoiining a-*
neatly as may be convenient to the plaee« used m the Siaus
flections next preceding the rebellion; apnomtone ormoitt
commissioners to hold the election at each place ot voting,
and pi ovide an adequate toiee to keep the peace during the
election.
See. 9. And be it further enacted, That the delegates
Mial! be elected by tlm loyal male citizens aforesaid of the
United States of the ago ot twenty-one jeais, and icsulent
in the county, pari-h, or distiict in which they shall nficr
to vote, or m the miiuaiy or naval seivice of the United
States, and whoshall take and subscribe tlio o.itli ofallcgt-
