1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
v
CHAPIN HALL.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. ICO) for
the relief of Chapin Hall, have directed me to
report it back without amendment and with a
recommendation that it pass; and 1 ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to put it on its pas-
sage. It will take but a moment or two.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Chapm Hall the sum of $2,500
in full for damages sustained by him in conse-
quence of the taking and using of his lumber at
Louisville, Kentucky, by General McCook's di-
vision of the United States Army, in the month of
September, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third lime, and passed.
LAND GRANT TO MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 295.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the bill >
Mr. WILKINSON. Jtis a bill reported from
the Committee on Public Lands for a certain road j
in Minnesota. There is no objection to it. The !
committee reported U unanimously. i
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 295)-making additional grant
of lands to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said State. The
bill proposes to grant to the State of Minnesota,
for the use and benefit of I he Southern Minnesota
Railroad Company, for the purpose of aidmg in
the construction of a railroad from La Crescent,
and from Brownsville, on the Mississippi river, in
Minnesota, to a convenient point of junction at
or near Hokah; thence westwardly, between the
south bend of the Minnesota river and the south
line of the State of Minnesota, to the western
boundary of the State, every alternate section of
land, desigijited by odd numbers, for ten sections
in width on each side of the road; but any lands
■which may have been granted to the State of
Minnesota for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of tins railroad, or any portion thereof,
by the act of Congress of March 3, 1857, are to
be deducted from the full quantity of lands hereby
granted,and any lands which may have been so
granted are to be strictly applied in accordance
with the terms and conditions contained in that
act.
The sections and parts of sections of land
which by this grant shall remain to the United
States within ten miles on each side of the roads
are not to be sold for less than double the minimum
price of public lands when sold, nor are any of
them to become subject to sale at private entry
until they shall have been first offered at public
sale to the highest bidderator above the minimum
price.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with amendments. The iirst amendment was
in secuon one, line eleven, before the word "land"
to insert the word " public," and after the same
word to insert " not mineral."
The amendment was agreed to.
A °
The next amendment was in section one, line
twenty-two, to insert the word " public" before
the word " land,"and after it to insert the words
" not mineral."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
seven,after the word " railroad" to strike out the
foiiowing words:
Then the Secretary of the Interior shall is«ue to the State
paieiHS for one hundred sections of land for the benefit of
the road having completed the ten consecutive miles as
aforesaid. When the Governor of ,aid State shall certify
thai another section ot ten con-tcuuve miles shall have
been completed ab aforesaid, then the Secretary ot the In-
terior s-halt issue patents to ?aid State in like manner, for
a like number j and when certificates of the completion of
additional &ect*ons of ten con&ccimve miles of' :>aid road
are. ironi time to time, made us aforesaid, additional sec-
tion* of land shall be patented as aforesaid, until said road
is-cnnipJPwd, wlien the whole of the lands hereby granted
shall be patented to the State i0r the u*ea aforesaid, and
none other. }
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And tic said Secretary shall be satisfied that said State
11 has complied in good faith with this requirement, the said
I j Secretary of the Interior shall issue to the.«aid ^tate patents
;! lor all the land* granted and selected a* alon>aid, situated
j| opposite to and within a limit ot ten miles ot the line of
did section of road thus rompleted, extending along th
and resides in Clarendon, Orleans county, New
York, §300; to Samuel Downing, enhsttd m Car-
roll county, New Humpshnv, about ninety*
      ; eight years of nge, and lives ir, Ivfiiibur^, .^am-
vvliolc lengih of said completed Section often mile* of Toad, fj toga county, New Yoik, $300; to William Mutch-
and no further. And when the Governor of >a«d State
certify jo the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary
shall b° satisfied that another action of said road, ten
eon.-ecnuve miles in extent, connecting with fho preced-
ing section, is completed as aforesaid, ihe said Secretary
of the Interior shall issue to the said rftate patents for ail
the lands granted and situated opposite to and within the
limit of ten miles of the line of said completed section of
road, and extending the length of said section, and no fur-
ther, and  o, from tunc to tune, until '•aid road is completed.
And when the Governor of said State shall certify, and
the Secretary of tiie Interior shall be satisfied that the
whole of said road is completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner, as a first-cla.-s railroad, the said
Secretary of the Interior ^hallisHie to the-aid State patents
to all the" remaining lands granted and selected for the pur-
poses indicated in this act, situated within the said limits
of twenty miles troni the line thereof, throughout the entire
length ol said road : Provided, That no land ^hall be granted
and conveyed to -.aid State undf-r the provisional'this act
on account ofthe construction 01 any railroad or part thereof
that+ms been, or may hereafter be, constructed under the
provisions of any other act, and adopted aa a part of the
line of railroad provided iorin this act.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 4. Jbid be it further enacted, That the lands herebv
granted shall be disposed of by said State, for the purposes
aforesaid only, and in manner following, namely: when
the Governor of said State, shall certify to the Secretary of
the Inferior that any section of ten consecutive miles of
said road is completed in a good, substantia!, and workman-
like manner as- a fir^t-class railroad, and the saidSecretarv
.-hall be satisfied that said State has complied in food
faith, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
DOCUMENTS FOR THE STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ANTHO.NY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 114) authorizing additional copies of
public documents to be printed for the Depart-
ment of State, have directed me to report it back
without amendment,and recommend its passage,
and 1 ask for its present consideration, it will
create no debate. It merely provides for the print-
ing of a certain number of documents for the
Department of State, to be given to our agents
abroad.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com- ,
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the T
joint resolution, which provides that of all public ;
documents relating to foreign affairs, which are j
or may be ordered to be printed forthe two Houses i
of Congress, there shall be printed and furnished '
to the Department of State two hundred additional '
copies, and that of all other public documents so ;
ordered to be printed for Congress theie shall be !
printed and furnished to the Department of State '
fifty additional copies. j
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate |
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for !
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. !
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONERS. j
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions, >
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 728) to j
pay to each of the surviving soldiers of the Revo- ']
lution, five in number, whose names are on the pen- l|
sion roll, §300 annually, as a gratuity in addition !
to the pension now paid to them, have directed
me to report the same back without amendment,
and recommend its passage. The bill is very
short; i do not think any gentleman is opposed
to it; and I will ask that it be read and put upon
its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bliL It provides that there shall be paid the sum
of $300 annually to each of the persons herein-
after named, five in number, during their natural
lives, as a gratuity on the part ofthe Government,
they being the sole survivors of the Army of the
Revolution whose names are enrolled on the books'
of the Pension Office, which gratuity is to be paid ;
to them by the Commissioner of Pensions in ad- '
dition to the pensions now paid them under former '
acts of Congress: the payment to each of the per- !
sons named to cease on the death of such person •
to Lemuel Cook, enlisted at Hatfield, Massa- :
chusetts, is now about ninety-eight years of age, '
ings, enlisted at Newcastle, Mum.-, (then Massa-
chusetts,) is now one hundred year* old, and
resides in Penobscot, Hancock county, Maine
$300; to Alexander Maroriey, enlisted at Lake
George, New York, as a drummer boy, is now
about ninety-four years old, his residence is Yates
Orleans county, New York, §300; to James Bar-
ham, substitute for a drafted man in South Hamp-
ton county, Virginia, lives m the State of Mis-
souri, and is in iiis one hundred and first year,
$300. The second section makes H the duty of
the Commissioner of Pensions, as soon as this act
has been passed by both Houses of Congress, and
approved of by the President, to have made out
five copies of the same, each signed by the Speaker
of the House, the President of the Senate, and the
President of the United States, and to send a copy
to each of the revolutionary soldiers above men-
tioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, lead the
third time, and passed.
CONDITION OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Tics: the President be rfqee^fd to furni«h to
the Senate, it' not ineon-i.-teiit with the pehlie interest.--,a
statement showing what portions of the Strtlc of Louisi-
ana were in the military oeeupaney of the i.'ioU'd States
on the fir-t Monday of September, JcC4, the dale of the rat-
ification of the alleged revised constitution nf that State,
and what portions of that State were then ill the military
occupancy of the rcbeN; and also in what parn-iles or
election district* votes were given for or against the rati-
fication of said instrument.
SOUTHERN REFUGEES.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to consider the expediency of so enlarging the
powers of the Bureau of Emigration a= to bnnir within i«
jurisdiction the relief and pioteetion of the laige number
ot loyal southern relugees who are fleeing from the tyianny
of the rebel rulers to tile loyal Slates, and may report by
bill or otherwise.
MAIL POUCHES.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a joint resolu-
tion on the Calendar reported from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads which I desire to
call up. It is Senate joint resolution No. 121.
X*he motion was agreed to; and the j^int reso-
lution (S. R, No. 121) to purchase mail puuehes
or boxes of Marshall Smith's patent foi the postal
service, and for other purposes, was read a sec-
ond time,and considered as in Committee ofthe
Whole. It authorizes the'Postmaster General to
purchase of .Marsha!! Smith such numi'tr of mail
pouchesor boxes (constructed on tin* principle of
letters patent issued Aprs! 23,3863. and May 17,
1864, to him) as he may deem proper to fully test
their utility and value in ti,e postal service; and
also to test a new mode of fasiening; mail hags,
invented by Solomon Andrews, and to secure a
patent for the same, the expense of winch is lo he
paid out of any appropriations heretofore made or
hereafter to be made to the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. HALE. That is a very singular propo-
sition. I wish the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Royds would explain it.
Air. COLLAMER. The Postmaster General
has been trying an invention made by Mr. Smith
of boxes for the mails in !i u of pouches, espe-
cially for the raihoad ttains. Many impiovemetus
have been made in thf-m, and the Deportment
have found, so far as they hav proceeded with
the experiments, that the invention i^a very val-
uable one. Tiie Postmaster General nowdesirea
to have the privilege of buying n quantity of them
in order to make a full experiment. There is no
appropriation contained in the resolution. The
proposition is merely to substitute them for the
pouch# s now used.
Mr. EIALE. Then there is a singular provis-
ion at the end of the resolution about some other
invention.
Mr. COLLAMER. A Mr. Andrews lias
