1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
once to the United States in the form contained in the act
of Congress of July 2. 1869; and all citizens of the United
States who mem the military or naval seivice of the Uni-
ted States shall vote at the headquarters of their refpeetive
commands, under such regulations as may be presciibed
by the provisional governor lor the taking and return of
their votes; but no person who has held or exercised any
office, civil or military, State or confederate, under the rebel
usurpation, or who hay voluntarily borne arms against the
United States, shall vote or be eligible to be elected as del-
egate at such election.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enatferf, That the said com-
missioners, or either of them, shall hold the election in
conformity with this act, and, so far as may be consistent
therewith, shall proceed in the manner ined in the State
prioi to the lebellion. The oath of allowance shall be taken
and sub>cribed on the polljboyk by every voter in the torm
above prescribed, but every person known by or proved to
the commissioners to imve held oi exeiciscd any office,
civil or nulitaiy, State or confederate, under the rebel usur-
pation, or to have voluntarily borne arms against the Uni-
ted States, shall be excluded, though he oifer lo take the
oath; and in case any person who shall have borne arms
oganist the United States shall offer to vote, he shall be
deemed to have borne arms voluntaiily unless he shall piove
the conuary by the testimony of <i qualified voter. The
poll-book, showing the name and oath of each voter, shall
be returned to the provisional governor by the commis-
sioners of election or the one acting, and the provisional
governor shall canvass audi returns, and declare the per-
son having the highest number of votes elected.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it finther enactcd, That the provisional
governor shall, by pioelanuttiou, convene the delegates
elected as aforesaid, at the eapital of the State, on a day not
moie than three months alter the election, giving at lea-t
thnty day.s' notice ol such day. In case the said capital
shall in his judgment be unfit, he shall in his proclamation
appoint another place, lie shall preside ovei the deliber-
ations of the convention, and administer to each delegate,
before takmg his seat m the convention, ihe oath of alle-
giance to the United States in the foim hereinbefore pre-
seubed.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further cnactcdy That the convention
shall declare, on behalf of the people of the State, theirsub-
mis-ion to the Constitution and laws ot the United States,
and shall adopt the following provisions,hereby presctibed
by the Umied States in the execution of the constitutional
duty to guaranty a icpubhcan form of government to every
State, and meoiporate them in the constitution of the State,
that is to hay:
FiiM. No person who hat held or exorcised any office,
civil or military, exeepteivil offices merely ministerial and
military offices below the giade of colonel, State or con-
fedeiate, under the usurping power, shall vote for or be a
member of ihe Legt.>latuie, orGovernoi.
Second. Invoiuutaiy servitude forever prohibited, and
freedom and equality of civil right* belorc the law are guar-
antied to all person** in said State.
Third. No debt, State or confederate, created by or under
the sanction of the usurping power, or in any manner m aid
thereof, shall be recognized ot paid by the State; and all
acts, judicial or legislative, for the confiscation oi toifeiture
of any debt, piopeitj, oi fianchise, of any loyal citizen of
the United States,are hereby declared null and void.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be \t fuithcr enacted, That when the con-
vention shall have adopted tho^c provisions it rhall piocccd
to ice-tabhsh a tepubliean loim ol government, and oi-
d.iin a constitution containing tho^e piovisions, which,
When adopted, theconvenuon shall by oidinance piovide
for submitting to the people of the State entitled to vote
under tins law, at an election to be held in the manner pre-
scribed by the act for the election ol delegales, but at a
tune and place named by the convention, at which elec-
tion the said electors, and none oilier,shall vote duectly for
or against such constitution and foim of State government.
And the letuins of said election shall be made to the pro-
visional governor, who -hali canvass the-same in the pies-
ence of the elector*, and if a majority of the votes cast
shall be for the constitution and loim of government, he
shall entity the same with a copy theieot,to the Piesulent
of the United Stales, who, after obtaining the assent of
Confess, by act or joint resolution, shall, by piocJamafion,
lecognize the government so established, and none othei,
ns the constitutional government of the State; and from the
dateol such ieco nitioit,atid not betore, Senators and Rep-
resentatives and electois for President and Vice President
lnav be elected in -ueh State, ju'couiuig to the laws of the
Sta'te and oi the United States,
Sfc. 14. Jlnd he it finthcr enaded, That if thcconvcn-6
tion shall refuse to reestablish the State government on
the conditions aforesaid, the provisional 'governor shall de-
clare it dissolved ; but it shall be the duty of the Piesident,
whenever lie shall have reason to believe that a sufficient
number of the people of the State entitled to vote under
thi> act, m number not less than a mnjouty of those en-
rolled as aioresaid, are willing to reestablish a State gov-
ernment on the conditions aloiesaid, to direct the proviu
ional governor to oidei another election ot delegates to a
convention for the imipotse and in the mannet prescribed
in this act, and to pioceed m all ie&pccts as heieinbelore
j>ro\ided. either to dissolve the convention or to certify the
State government reestablished by it to the President.
Sue. lo. jlndheil further enacted^ ThattheUmted States,
in Congress assembled, do hereby recognise the government
ol the State of Louisiana, inaugurated undei and by the
convention which assembled on the 6th day ot Api il, A. I).
3661, at the city of New Orleans; and the government of
the State of Aikansas. niauguinted under and by the con-
vention which assembled on the 8th day ot January, lsG1,
at the city ol Little llock: Provided*. That the same oi
other conventions, dul> assembl d, shall nist have meor-
porated.into the constliut'ons of those States, re*.peem civ,
the conditions prescubed m the twelfth section of this act,
and ihe marshal of the United States shall have lelurned
to the President of the United States the omulJment di-
rected by the seventh section to bo made and returned to
the piovisional governor, and it shall appear theieby that
the persons taking the oaili to supyoii the Constitution of
the United States, together with the citizens of the United
States from such State in the military or naval service of
the United States, amount to a majoifty of the poisons en-
rolled in the State. And the President shall, thereupon,
by proclamation, dcclaie the recognition by the United
States, in Congress assembled, of the said government of
such State; and from the date of such proclamation the
said government shall be entitled to the guarantee and all
other rights of a State government under the Constitution
of the United States; but this act shall not operate a recog-
nition of a State government in either of said States till
the conditions aforesaid are complied with, and till that
time tho«se States shall be subject to this law.
Mr. ASHLEY. The select committee on the
rebellious States direct me to ask of the House
that this amendment may be substituted for the
original bill, and considered as an original bill, to
which other substitutes may be submitted as
amendments.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 move to amend this bill by
inserting jifter the words " to enroll all the white
male citizens of the United States,99 the words
"and all other male citizens of the United States
who may be able to read the Constitution thereof."
Mr. ELIOT. I move the following as a sub-
stitute:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the States declared to he in rebellion against the
United States, and within which the authority of the Con-
stitution atid laws of the United States lias been over-
thiown, shall not be permitted to resume their political
relations with the Government of the United States until,
by action of the loyal citizens within such States respect-
ively, a State constitution shall be ordained and established,
republican in foim, forever prohibiting involuntary servi-
tude within such Stato, and guarantying to all persons
freedom and equality of rights before the law.
Sec. *2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the State of
Louisiana is hereby peinutted to resume its political rela-
tions with the Government of the United States under the
constitution adopted by ihe convention which assembled
on the 6th day ot April, A. I). 18G4, at New Orleans.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the substi-
tute proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] by striking out all after the
word " that," and inserting the following:
Senators and Representatives shall not be received from
any State heretofore declared in rebellion against the Uni-
ted States until bv an actor joint resolution of Congress,
approved by the President,or passed notwithstanding his
objections, such State shall have been fust declared to have
organized a just local government, republican iu form, and
to be entitled to representation in the respective Houses of
Congiess.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Ts the motion of
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] in order
under the rule ?
The SPEAKER. It is, for it is in the nature
of an amendment to an amendment. By unani-
mous consent the House has substituted the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] in the place of the original bill re-
; ported trom the select committee on the rebel-
lious States. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] submits an amendment to that bill,
in the nature of a substitute. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] moves an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot.] The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] has also submitted an amendment
to the seventh section of what is now the original
bill, and as his amendment is to perfect the ori-
ginal bill, the fii st question will be upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.]
Mr. KERNAN. I ask leave to ofTeran amend-
ment m the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. There being already pending
an amendment in the second degree, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Iyer-
nan] can only be received at this time by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to accept as an amendment
to his amendment that which I have in my hand.
Mr. ELIOT. If it is the same that I have seen
I have no objection to it.
Mr. ARNOLD. It is the same. It is as fol-
lows: ,
See. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all that por-
tion of the United States hcietofore dec kuert to be in rebel-
lion agiinst the United States, and enumeiated inthe res-
ident's pioclamation of Januaiy 1, ibtW. slavery and invoi-
uutaiy servitude, otherwise than m the punishment of
en me whereof the uccu- ed ^h.Ul have been duly convicted,
shall be, and the same hereby is aboh.shed and piohibitcd
iorever, and the reen-davomenf. or holding, or attempting
to huld in slavery in involuntaiy servitude, any person
within such States made free by tlijte act, pr declared to bo -
free by the proclamation of the President of the United
States, dated January 1, 1863, or of any of their descend-
ants, otherwise than m the punishment of crime whereof
the accused shall have been duly convicted, i^_ and shaU
forever prohibited, any law or regulation o f either ,ol said
States to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. ELIOT. I accept the amendment- -
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I wish to enter a motion to
recommit this bill, with all the pending amend-
ments; and as I do not desire todiscuss the sub-
ject now, 1 will yield the floor to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, theseare indeed
terrible times for timid people. Use and wont no
longer serve us. The guns traitorously fired upon
Port Sumter threw us all out of the well-beaten ruts
of habit, and as the war progresses men find them-
selves less and less able to express their political
views by naming a party or uttering its shibbo-
leth. It is no longer safe for any of us to wait till
the election comes and accept the platform and
tickets presented by a party. We may have
served in its ranksfor alife-time and find atlast—
costly and painful experience being our guide—
that to obtain the ends we had in view we should
have acted independently of,and in opposition to
it and its leaders. In seasons like this,an age on
ages telling, the feeblest man in whom there is faith
or honesty is made to feel that he is not quite
powerless, that duty is laid on him too, and that
the force that is in him ought to be expressed in
accordance with his own convictions and in a way
to promote some end seen or hoped for.
The questions with which we have to deal, the
grave doubts lhatconfound us, the difficulties that
environ us, the results our action will produce,
fraught with weal or woe to centuries and con-
stantly-increasing mill ions,are such as have rarely
been confided to a generation. But happily we
•are not without guidance. Our situation, though
novel, does not necessarily cast us upon the field
of mere experiment. True, we have not specific
precedents which we may safely follow; but the
founders of our Government gave us, in a few
brief sentences, laws by which we may extricate
our generation and country from the horrors that
involve them,and secure peace broad as our coun-
try, enduiing as its history, and bcncficent as
right and justice and love.
The organized war power of the rebellion is on
the eve of overthrow. Itbelongsto us to.govem
the territory we have conquered, and the question
of reconstruction presses itself upon our atten-
tion; and ourlegislation in this behalf will, though
it comprise no specific provisions on the subject,
determine whether guerrilla war shall harass
communities for long years, or be suppressed m
a brief time by punishments administered through
courts and law, to marauders for the crimes tliey
may commit under the name of partisan warfare.
At the close of an international war, the wronged
but victorious party may justly make two claims:
indemnity for the past, and secuuty for the fu-
ture; indemnity for the past in money or in ter-
ritory; security for the future by new treaties, the
establishment of new boundaries, or the cession
of military power and the territory upon which
it dwells. Indemnity for the past we cannot
hope to obtain. When we shall have punished
the conspirators who involved the country in tins
sanguinary war, and pardoned the dupes and vic-
tims who have arrayed themselves or been forced
to do battle under their Hag, we shall but have re-
possessed our ancient territory, reestablished the
boundaries of our country, restored to our flag
and Constitution their supremacy over teiritory
which was ours, but which the insurgents meant
to dismember and possess. The other demand
wo may and must successfully make. Security
for the future is accessible to us, and we must
demand it; and to obtain it with amplest guaran-
tees requires the adoption of no new idea, the
making of no experiment, the entering upon no
sea of political speculation. Ours would have
been an era of peace and prosperity, ha# we and
our fathers accepted in full faith the gieat princi-
ples that impelled their fathers to demand the in-
dependence of the United Colonies, gave them
strength in counsel, patience, courage, and long
endurance in the field, and guided them in estab-
lishing a Constitution which all agos will rccog-
