1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10#
invented a new mode of fastening the pouches, and
the Department want to buy some of them, and
to pay for them out of the general appropriation
for mail hag*. The proposition is to allow them
to use that general appropriation for this purpose
if they wish.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITIONS.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 122. It will only take two minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 122) relating to international
exhibitions at Bergen, in Norway,and Oporto, in
Portugal, during I he summer of 1865, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of tiie Whole.
As the Governments of the kingdom of Sweden
and Norway, and of the kingdom of Portugal,
have communicated to the Government of the
United States the programmes of two interna-
tional exhibitions to be field respectively at Ber-
gen, in Norway, and at Oporto, in Portugal, dur-
ing the summer of 1865, t tie resolution, therefore,
pi eposes that the President of the United States
be chatged with the duty of making known to
the people of the United States, by pi oclamation,
or oiheiwise, as shall to him seem best, the facts
in his possession relating to the international ex-
hibitions proposed to be held at Bergen, Norway,
and Oporto, Portugal, during the summer of 1865,
and of inviting their participation therein.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the resolution
by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That no expense shall be incurred for any
agency wnh reguid to «ucli exhibition, uorshdll any claim
of any agent ot our Government be hereafter recognized.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
That carries out the idea of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
• BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 710, lo extend the time for the completion of
certain railroads to which land grants have been
made in ihe States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
J made an adveise report from the Committee on
Public Lands on that bill yesterday morning. I
desire now to have it teken up with a view to its
recommitment to that committee for further con-
sideration.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I now move tlmt it be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PATENT FEES.
Mr. COWAN. - I move to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 387. It is a bill which will not provoke
any debate whatever.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 387) amendatory of "An
act to amend an act entitled * An act to promote
the progress of the useful arts,' approved March
3, 1863." It provides that any person having
an interest in an invention, whether as inventor
or assignee, for which a patent was ordeied to
issue upon the payment of the final fee, as pro-
vided in section three of an act approved March
3, 1863, but who has failed to make payment of
the final fee as provided in that act,.shall have
the right to make an application for a patent for
his invention the same as in the case of an ori-
ginal application, provided such application be
made within two years after the date of the al-
lowance of the original application; but nothing
in this act is to be so construed as to hold respon-
sible in damages any persons who have manu-
factured or used any article or thing for which a
patent was ordered to issue. This act is to ap-
ply to all cases now m the Patent Office, and also
to such as shall hereafter be filed.
Mr. HALE. This bill seems to make an im-
portant alteration in the patent laws. 1 do not
understand it. 1 wish the chairman of the com-
mittee would explain it.
Mr. COWAN. I thinif I can explain it in a
very few minutes. Originally, under the patent
laws, all the fees were required to be paid in ad-
vance, but some five or six years ago the laws
were remodeled, and fifteen dollars was required
to be paid in advance and twenty dollars to be
paid after the patent was ordered to be issued.
That twenty dollars is called a balance fee. The
law required it to be paid within six months after
the ordering of the issuance of the patent. Owing,
however, to the difficulty of getting notice to pat-
entees, scattered as they are over all the world,
it very frequently happens that they neglect witkin
the six months to pay this balance fee, and by that
means lose their right to obtain a patent, and it
gives to a person not really the inventor an op-
portunity to come in over their heads and ask for
a patent for the same invention. We have two or
three times passed acts extending the time within
which the balance fee may be paid, so that the
inventor may take out his patent; but still there
remain a considerable number of them on hand,
and the Commissioner is of opinion that this bill
had better be passed now, by which the applicant
will boallowed to begin de novo,thesame as though
he had made no former application, so as to get his
patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. S
MILITARY ARRESTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to takeupSenate
bill No. 317, providing for bail in certain cases of
military arrests. It is a very short bill of one
section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.TRUMBULL. 1 suggestthat the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
only be read, as it is a substitute for the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reported by the committee has been read and
amended heretofore, and there is now a pending
amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Powell] which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to add the following as a new section:
Jindbc it further enacted. That any otficer in the exec-
utive. military, or naval service of the United States, who
shall urrftot, or causo to bp ariested, any person or per-
sons not engaged in the imiitaiy or naval service of tin;
United State-:, and who is not "engaged in the lebellton
against the United States, shall immediately hand the per-
son or persons so arrested over to the civil au thormes ro
have the ea-e investigated and the panics so arrested
tried according to law. Any officer engaged in the exec-
utive, naval, or nnlitai.y service of the United States,
who shall violate tin*. section, shall be deemed guilty of a
felony, and, upon indictment and conviction thoieoi in any
couitof the (Jutted States having juu-dietion to ttylmd
pum-di «.uch ea-cs, fhall be punched by a fine of not le* 
than $5U0 and not exceeding .$10,000, and confinement in
the pemtentiaiv ol not less iban one ye.\r nor moie than
five year-?, in the discretion of the court trying the hame:
Piovidcil, That noUmi" in tins section s-hall be so con-
strued as to pievent any otficer who shall make an unlaw-
ful arrest 1'iom heiny pio-stcuted in a civil buit for damages
for such unlawful aire.st.
Mr.TRUMBULL. That amendment did not
come fiorri the committee, and 1 was not aware
that it was pending. I hope H will not beadopted.
The object of the bill is a very simple one, and
it contains but a single section. It was to pro-
vide that parties who, by the sixteenth section
of the act of July 17, 1862, were placed in the
military service, should be entitled to bail. That
section lias reference to contractors, and places
them in the military service so far as to subject j
them to trial by military tribunals. It was |
thought by the Committee on the Judiciary that j
parties so arrested ought to be allowed bail, and j
that was the simple object of the bill. The j
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky goes j
very much further, and opens this whole field j
of trial by military tribunals. I sympathize to j
some extent with the object which the Sen- :
ator from Kentucky has in view. I do not j
believe ui the absorption of all the judicial an- !
thority of the country in military tribunals; but >
I think he had better not press it upon this bill, !
as that amendment will doubtless lead to discus- [
sion. The bill we have prepared, I am quite j
sure, the Senator from Kentucky was in favor j
of in the committee. It is to allow bail to all .
those persons who are arrested under the six-
teenth section of the act of July 17, 1862, instead ,
of allowing them to be confined. I hope the ji
Senator will not press hismnendmcntouthUbiil.
1 do not wish to discuss it now. I could' ncrt
probably go for it in the shape in which it is pre-
sented, at anv rate.
Mr. POWELL. I think the amendment is &
very proper one, and 1 hope it will be adopted by
the Senate. I know that the civil rights of citi-
zens are being strickcn down every hour by those
persons engaged in making military arres(s/ f
think the amendment will meet the approval of
every Senator. It ought to do so, in my judg-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment; and upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have'been ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say just one
word on this amendment. My own observation
satisfies me that it is a very important one. The
law which authorizes the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus directs that when arrests are made
by the military authorities of persons not engaged
in the military service of the country; in other
words, when political arrests are made, the Sec-
retary of War or the Secretary of State shall re-
port to the proper court of the United States the
persons under arrest at the next term of thecourt,
and if no indictment be found against the parties
so arrested at that term of the court, they shall be
disphtfrged upon such terms as the court may
^proscribe; and that if the Secretary of War or
the Secretary of State did not so report to the
court at the term of the court, then the party
might apply to the court at the adjournment of
the grand jury, and no bill being found, the court
should thereupon discharge thi* party from such
arrest. 1 understand that no attention whatever
has been paid to this important provision of law.
I think some effort oughtto be made by Congress
to secure some slight respect to this provision. It
is an important provision.
On tive contrary, sir, instead of obeying this
law, men arrested under circumstances defined
by the law of 1862 have been denied an oppor-
tunity to appear before the civil courts, as that
law required they should be, and have been nut
upon trial before a military commission; aittl in
some cases, as i understand, though the decisions
have not yet been made public, have been sen-
tenced to death. Whether these courts have juris-
diction to try such cases in some instances, is a
question that is now before the President of the
United States?, or will be before him? but it is very
clear that if the law of 1862, which authorizes the,
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, has any
force or validity whatever, these military courts
have no jurisdiction of the men they have assumed
to try and condemn to death, i think after two
years have elapsed, and these Departments have
not respected this law, it is proper that Congiess
presciibe n penalty against any officer that disre-
gard* it in the future. It is a simple question
whether the law of 1862 is to be respected by the
Departments, or whether the Departments are to
disregard the provisions of the law entirely. It
was going a great way to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus; but Congress was not willing to do
ir unless there should be this provision for the
safety of the citizen. If this piovision be disre-
garded, the citizen is without remedy. He is not
allowed to ask the interposition of the wtit of
habeas corpus. He is denied that. Hisonly rem-
edy is that which the Jaw gives to him, and that
being denied him he is without remedy, and lia-
ble, m the case to which 1 have referred, to the
teirible penalty of death.
I think, under such circumstances, the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kentucky ia
a very important one, much more important than
the proposition which comes from the committee.
I care but little about that proposition which the
Senator from Illinois says may be endangered by
this amendment. The law provides that a con-
tractor to supply the Army or the Navy shall, by
his taking a contract, be regarded as a part of the
Army or the Navy, according as he has agreed
to furnish the one or the other. The Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, esteems it of very gicat importance
that these persons being charged before a court-
martial, as they may be charged under that law,
shall have the right and opportunity to give bail.
I am content that that should be; but it is not so
very important as ihe proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky. The man who becomes a con-
tractor under the law as it now stands voluntarily
