282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•January 16,
v 7
nize as the miracle of the era in which it was
framed and adopted, and the influence of which
shall modify and change, and bring into its own
similitude, the Governments of the world. Had
we, and the generation that preceded us, accepted
and been guided by the gulf-evident truths to
which I allude, the world would never have known
the martial power of the American people, or
realized the fact that a Government that sits so
lightly as ours upon the people in peace is so in-
finitely strong in the terrible season of war.
The founders of our institutions labored con-
sciously and reverently in the sight of God. They
knew that they were the creatures of His power,
and that their work could only be well done by
being done in the recognition of His attributes,
and^ in harmony with the enduring laws of His
providence. They knew that His ways were ways
of pleasantness, and His paths the paths of peace;
and they endeavored to embody His righteous-
ness and justice in the Government they were
• fashioning for unknown ages, and untold millions
of men. Their children, in the enjoyment of the
prosperity thus secured to them, lost their faith
in these great truths, treated them with utter dis-
regard, violated them, legislated in opposition to
them, and finally strove to govern the country in
active hostility to them. And for a little vjhile
they seemed to succeed. But at length we have
been made to feel and know that God's justice
does not sleep always; and amid the ruins of the
country and the desolation of our homes let us
resolve that we will return to the ancient ways,
look to Him for guidance, and follow humbly in
the footsteps of our wise and pious forefathers;
and that, as grateful children, we will erect to
their memory and to that of the brave men who
have died in defense of their woik in this the
- grandest of all wars, a monument broad as our
country, pure as was their wisdom, and enduring
as Christian civilization. So shall we by ourfirm-
ness and equity exalt the humble, restrain the
rapacious and arrogant, and bind the people to
each other by the manifold cords of common sym-
pathies and interest, and to the Government by
the gratitude due toa just and generous guardian.
But, Mr. Speaker, I hear gentlemen inquire how
this is to be done. The process is simple, easy,
and inviting: it is by accepting in child-like faith,
and executing with firm and steady purpose three
or four of the simple dogmas which the founders
of our Government proclaimed to the world, and
which, alas! too often with hypocritical lip ser-
vice, are professed by all Americans, even those
who are now striving, through blood, and car-
nage, and devastation, to found a broad empire,
the corner-stone of which was to be human sla-
very.
In announcing the reasons which impelled the
colonies to a separation from the mother country,
the American people declared that <4a decent re-
spect to the opinions of mankind" required "a
declaration of the causes which impelled them to
the separation ;}> and in assigning those causes
announced a few general propositions, embody-
ing eternal and ever-operating principles, among
which were,
First, that " all men are created equal, are en-
dowed with certain inalienable rights," and that
"among these are life, liberty,and the pursuit of
happiness;"
Second, that "to insure these rights, Govern-
ments are instituted among men;"
Third, that "Governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed;"
Fourth, that " whenever any form of govern-
ment becomes destructive of these ends, it is the
right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to
institute a new Government, laying its foundations
on such principles and oigamzing its powers m
such form as to them shall seem most likely to
effect their safety and happiness." And in these
four propositions we have an all-sufficient guide
to enduring peace and prosperity. If in the legis-
lation we propose we regard these self-evident
truths, our posterity shall not only enjoy peace,
but leach the world the way to universal freedom;
but if we fail to regard them,God alone in His infi-
nite wisdom knows what years of agitation, war,
and misery we may entail on posterity, and
whether the overthrow of our Government, the
division of our country, and all the ills thus en-
tailed on mankind may not be justly chargeable
to us.
The tables of the census of 1860 exhibiting the
population of the eleven insurgent States, show
that it numbered,and was divided as follows:
* States.
White
population.
Colored pop-
ulation, slave
and free, inclu-
ding Indians.
Alabama 
520,271
430,930
Aikansas 
3-31.1-43
111,337
77,7-17
62.677
591,550
465.736
357.456
350,546
Mis&is>ippi 
353.90 L
437,404
North Caiotma 
6:29.942
362,680
'291,300
412,408
Tennessee 
820,7-2-2
283,070
420.891
183,324
1,047,'.299
549,019
5,447,002
3,666,110
This table, as will be observed, embraces the
whole of Virginia as she was m I860?* and as I
have not the means of distinguishing the propor-
tion of her population that is embraced in the new
State of West Virginia, 1 permit it to stand as it
is. The new State is in the Union; her citizens
never assented to the oidinance of secession; they
have provided for the extinguishment of slavery
within her limits; and my remarks, save in the
general scope in which they may be applicable to
any or all of the States of the Union, will not be
understood as applying to her. It is of the ter-
ritory for which it is the duty of Congress to pro-
vide governments that I speak. I should also
call attention to the fact that the Superintendent
of the Census includes the few Indians that re-
mained in some of these States in the column of
white inhabitants. Then* number is not impor-
tant; but it certainly should not be so stated as to
cieate the impression that they enjoyed the rights
or pei formed the duties of citizens. How unfair
this classification is will appear from the fact that
the following section from the Code of Tennessee
of 1R58, section 3,858, indicates very fairly the
position they held under the legislation of each
and all the above-named States:
"A negro,"'mulatto. Indian, or person of mixed blood,
descended tioui negio oi Indian ancestors, to the third gen-
eiation nielu-ivo, though one aneeMoi ot each generation
may h:ivo been a white person, whether bond or tree, is
incapable of being a witness in any ease, civil or criminal,
except lor oi against each othei."
Correcting the error of the Superintendent of
the Census, I have enumerated the Indians with
the people to whose fate the legislation of those
States assigned them. It will be perceived that
when thai census was taken the white population
numbered 5,4i7,22;3, and the colored population
3,006,110.
It thus appears that the colored people were
considerably more than two fifths of the whole
population of the insurgent States; and that while
we have professed to believe that their right to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness was in-
alienable—could not be alienated or relinquished
by them, nor taken away by others—we have ig-
nored their humanity, and denied them the en-
joyment ofany single political right.
That, while we have professed to believe that
governments are instituted among men to secure
their rights, the history of our country for the
last fifty years proves that the whole power and
constant labor of our Government have been ex-
erted to prevent the possibility of two fifths of
the people of more than half our country ever
attaining the enjoyment of political, civil, or so-
cial rights.
That, while we have professed to believe that
all Governments derive their just powers from
the consent of the governed, we have punished
with ignominy and stripes and imprisonment and
death the men who had the temerity to assert that
it was wrong to deny to two fifths of the people
of a country, and, as in the case of South Caro-
lina and Mississippi, a large majority of the people
of the State,the right even to petition for redress
of grievance.
And while we have been swift to assure, in
terms of warmest sympathy, and sometimes with
active aid, any oppressed and revolting people
beyond the seas that we believed it to be the right
and duty of such people, " whenever any form of
Government becomes destructive of the ends"
above indicated," to alter or abolish it, and to insti-
tute a new Government, laying its foundations on
such ptincip!es,and organizing Us powers m such
form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect
their safety and happiness," we have,even to the
boundaries of the lakes and to the far Pacific
shores,stood pledged and ready to lay down our
lives in the suppression of any attempt these
Americans might make to carry into effect this
cardinal doctrine of our piofessed political faith.
Is it any wonder that God, seeing millions of His
people thus ti am filed on, oppressed, outraged, and
made voiccless by those whose fathers had placed
their fef t in His ways, and whose lips never
wearied in beseeching His guidance and care,
should fill the oppressors with madness and open
through their blood and agony a way for the
deliverance of their long-suffering victims?
But, Mr. Speaker, it is asked, who are these
people? They are the laboring masses of the
South—the field hand, the house servant, the me-
chanic, the artisan, the engineer of that region.
Their sinewy arms have felled the forest, opened
the farm and the plantation, made the road, the
canal, the railroad. It was by the sweat of their
brow that the sunny South was made to bloom;
it is they whose labor has quickened the wheels
of commerce and swelled the accumulating wealth
of the woild. Upon their brawny shoulders rested
the social fabric of the South, and an ai rogant aris-
tocracy , that strove to dictate morals to the world,
boasted that one product of their toil was a king
to whom peoples and Governments must bow.
Most of them are ignorant and degraded; but that
cannot be mentioned to their disgrace or dispar-
agement. Not they nor their ancestors enacted
the laws which made it a felony to enable them to
read the Constitution and the laws of their coun-
try, or the Book of Life through which their fairer
brethren hope for salvation. Dumb and voiceless
most of them are; but let not want of intellectual
power be ascribed to them as a race, in view of
the wit, humor, saicasm, and pathos, of the learn-
ing, logical power, and scientific attainments, of
a Douglass, a Gnrnett, a llemond, a Brown, ti
SteilaMartin,aWi!liamCiaft,andscoresofotheis,
who, evading the bloodhound and his master in
the slave-hunt, have made their way to lands
where the teachings of Christ are regarded and the
brotherhood ot man is not wholly denied. Others
of them ate and have been free, at least so far as to
be able to acquire property and send their chil-
dren to foreign lands for culture. Let some such
speak for themselves. In the petition of the col-
ored citizens of Louisiana to the President and 0
Congress of the United States, they respectfully
submit:
"That they are natives of Louisiana and citizcns of the
United States; that they me lojal citizens, sincerely at-
tached to the country and the Constitution, and aidently
desue the maintenance ol the national unity, for which
they aic ready to ^aenlice then foitunes ami their liven.
That a huge portion of ihcin nie owners ot real estate,
and all of them .ire ownei* of peisonal piopeity; that many
of them are ensa^-d in the piusmf*. oi commerce and m-
du*iUy, while othi is aic employed a> at tisane m various
tiarles; that they are all fitted io enjoy the privileges and
immunities belonging to the condition of citizens of the
United tiUtes, and among tnem maybe found many of
the descendants of tho^e men whom the illustrious Jack-
son HyWl his Mellow-citizens' when he called upon them
to take up aims to icpel the enemies of the country.
" Your petitioners tmthci rc&peetfullv repienent that over
and above the right which, in the language of the Declara-
tion of Independence, they po^se^s to liheity and the pur-
suit of happme«s, thev arc supported by the opinion of just
and loyal men, especially by that ot lion. Kdvvard Bates,
Attorney General, in the claim to the right ot enjoying the
privileges and immunities pertaining to the condition of
citizens of the United Stale*; and, to support the legiti-
macy ot this chum, they behove it simply necessary to
submit to your Excellency, and to the honorable Collin ess,
the following consultations, which they beg ot you to
weigh in the balance of law and justice. Notwithstand-
ing their torotathem served in the Army of the United
State*, m 1814-15, and aided in iepe|hng Irom the soil of
Louisiana a haughty enemy, over-confident of buccess, yet
they and their descendants have ever since, arid until the
eia of the present rebellion, been estranged and even re-
pulsed, excluded from all franchises, even the small est,when
their brave forefather* offered then bosoms to the cnciny
to prescive the tenitoria! intcgnty of the Republic ! Dur-
ing this pciiod of forty nine yeais they have never ceased
to be peaceable citizen5:, paying their taxes on an assess-
ment of more than rifteen million dollars !
" At the call of Geneial 11 utier they hastened to rally under
the banner of the Union and liberty ; they have spilled their
biood, and are .still pouring it out tor the maintenance of
the Constitution of the United State--; in a word, they are
soldieit of the Union, and they will defend it so long as
their hands have etiength to hold a mu&ket.
"While General Banks was at the siege of Port Hudson
and the city threatened by the enemy, bit. Excellency Gov-
ernor Shepley called for troops for the defense of the city,
