1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
becomes a part of the Army if he agrees to supply
the Army; if heagrees to supply the Navy he vol-
untarily becomes a part of the Navy, and liable to
al! the usages oft he Army and the Navy in respect
to military or naval trials. Ills not so important
that heshali have the right to give bail as that that
other class of citizens who have never become a
part of the Army and never become a part of the
Navy, who are arrested without authority of law,
who are denied the writ of habeas corpus, shall
have the benefit of the provisions of the law which
suspended the writ of habeas corpus*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday, the
fortification bill, and upon that question the Sen-
ator from "Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is entitled to the
# floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the bill
and amendments read. Ido not think it will take
long.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There isa special order for
this hour, on which the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Powell] has the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished bus-
iness has precedence, however, by the rule.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I was notawareofit,cer-
tainly, when this bill was left as the unfinished
business; but I will move to postpone the present
and all prior orders for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the joint resolution recog-
nizing tlv Suite government of Louisiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ftom
Ohio is entitled to the floor on the bill before the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was not occupying
the floor when I submitted my motion; butiwiil
make the motion when he is through.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of the
amendments. 1 will say to the honorable Senator
ftom Illinois that at this period of the session it
is important that the appropriation bills be no
longer delayed. The fortification bill has been
lying on our tables for some days past. 1 called
it up last night before the adjournment so that it
mi^ht be the unfinished business for to-day. I do
not think it will take long. I do not think the
honorable Senator ought to interpose legislative
business, especially of a character which might
have been acjeil upon long ago, at this period of
the session, in the way of an appropriation hill.
This is the only appropriation bill now pending
in the Senate, but all of them are now pending in
the House of Representatives, and wemustthere-
fore give them the preference or precedence in
business in order to get them through during
the next week. I will ask for the reading of the
bill now before the Senate and the amendments of
the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to say that
the Senator from Illinois has utterly repudiated
ail special orders, and 1 am very glad that he has
an opportunity to take a dose of his own medi-
cine. 1 trust the Senate will repudiate all special
orders, especially those of the Senator from Illi-
nois. [Laugher.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion to postpone
this measure and all others and proceed to the
consideration of the special order assigned for
this hour, I suppose is now in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor, and he
calls for the reading: of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Can 1 not stop the read-
ing of the bill by making a motion at any time
wnen a bill is being read ? Is it not my privilege
to stop the reading of a bill and make any motion
I think proper?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not while another
Senatoris entitled to the floor. TheSenator from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
has sat down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply called for the
reading of the amendments, so that I may then
make my remarks upon them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator claims the
floor, of course I am not entitled to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to enable the Sen-
ator to teat the sense of the Senate, (I hope with-
out debate,) I have no objection to allow the Sen-
ator to submit his motion. As a matter of course,
I hope the Senator will not debate the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will j
yield, the motion will be in order. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield for the pur-
pose of testing the sense of the Senate. j
Mr.TRUMBULL. I do not ask him to yield, j
I claim the right to make this motion, and it I am I
not entitled to make it now, I will wait until 1
have the right to make it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will ask for the
reading of the amendments of the Committee on
Finance to the fortification bill, and 1 will say
what I have to say upon that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid aside informally to enable the Chair to re-
ceive a message from the House of Representa-
tives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A messase from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 682)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department and j
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vauous In- j
dian tribes for the year ending 3lkh* June, 1866;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled !
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re- •
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 664) for changing the time
for holding the circuit courts in the district of Vir- i
ginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 692) in reference to prosecu-
tions for libel in the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue American
registers to the British schooners Minnie Wil-
liams and E. M. Baxter.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States yesterday
approved and signed the following bills:
A bill f S. No. 240) for the relief of George A.
Sch reiner;
A bill (S. No. 368) to incorporate the Sisters of
Mercy in the Disrnot of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 376) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city
of Washington, passed May 15, 1820,99 ap-
proved May 5, 1864;
A bill (S. No. 421) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Columbia Institution
for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind," approved February 16, 1857; and
A bill (S. No. 424) to facilitate the collcction
of certain debts due the United States.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
_ The bill (H. R. No. 682) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 1866, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
e on xy
%/
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bii) (H. R. No. 688)
making appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending the
30th of June, 1866, which had been reported from
the Committee on Finance with amendments.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
committee, which was in section one, line three,
to strike out the words "the following sums be
and they are" and to insert the words "there
is;" so that it will read:
That there is hereby appropriated out of any money ill
the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, Stc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Am 1 entitled now to the
floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
if these questions are put separately, the Senator
would be entitled to the floor; but if the bill is
simply to be read through for the information of
the Senate before the Senator from Ohio proceeds
in his explanation of it, the Senator would not be
entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Chair will
either recognize me or not, aa it so pleases the
Chair; it is indiflVmU to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If a debatable ques-
tion arises in the reading of the bill, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio yields the floor, then the Senator
from Illinois would be clearly entitled to it; not
otherwise.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first amendment of
the committee has been read, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly do not want to
interpose in the way of the Senator from Illinois
submitting his motion; but as he would not ac-
cept as a courtesy what be had not a ri^ht to do,
I will not yield, but will say what I desire to say
in favor of this amendment.
The amendment of the committee proposes to
strikeout all the specific appropriations for forti-
fications, amounting to something hke four or five
million dollars, and to substitute in lieu thereof
the following:
For the completion. pre«ervarion, and repair of such
existing fortifications and other work* of defence, as, in the
opinion of the PieMdeni, are needed lor the pre^m vur,
and t<> preserve iti rrpair existing fortifications ami works
of defense, $1,500,000.
The basis of this amendment is this, that dur-
ing the present war it is not wise for the Govern-
ment to expend large sums of money in anticipa-
tion of a future war. All the fortifications that
are stricken from this hill are fortifications built
for a war against Fiance and England, or other
foreign Powers. They are of no consequence
whatever in the present war. It is not .expected
that the rebels will take New York, or put in
danger any of our fortifications.
This was the leading idea of the amendment.
It was adopted after full consideration, after an
examination of General Delafield, and after full
conversation with the officers of the Department
having charge of these works, and I hope it will
be adopted by the Senate.
The fortifications that are stricken out are on
the Pacific coast, on the lake coast, and on the Ac-
lanticcoast. The appropriations that are retained
will enable the President to complete and pre-
serve all fortifications needed for present d^frnse,
including, I hope, the repair of Fort Sumter, Fort
Pulaski, and all the forts that are now needed fur
the defense of the southern coast. The appro-
priation proposed is ample for ali the purposes of
the present war. We do not strike out any ap-
propriation for the present war. The money,
however, cannot be expended m completing or
carrying on the work on fortifications on our
northern boundenes.
I do not think it is necessary for me now to
make any further explanation. Although upon
this subject there was some difference of opinion
in the committee, yet I believe it was almost the
unanimous sentiment of the committee that at
this time we ought not to make further appro-
priations for this purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it I am clearly en-
titled to the floor now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
postpone the present and ail other orders, and
proceed with the special order assigned for one
o'clock to-day; and on that subject I desire to
say a word or two in reference to what was said
by the Senator from Ohio as to this fortification
bill. The very statement made by the Senator
from Ohio shows that there is no necessity for
proceeding with it now. informs us that it is
the only appropriation bill left
Mr. SHERMAN. One has come in since.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. One of th em has come in
since; and the others are all in the House of Rep-
resentatives. It is a short bill, which be thinks
he can pass in a very few minutes; and being so,
certainly there is no great urgency to press out of
the way a matter of very considerable importance
to this country, I think of vital importance to it;
and itis not a measure that might have been acted
upon months ago. It has not been before us
months. It is true, it is some weeks since the
ciedentials inthe Louisiana case were submitted;
but it has taken time to take testimony and ascer-
tain facts, and the joint resolution reported by the
