1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28S
and they wore foremost in responding to the call, having
raised the first leguncnt in the short space of forty-eight
horns.
" lu consideration of this fact, as true and as clear as the
sun which lights tins great continent, in consideration of
the services already performed and still to be rendered by
them to their common country, they humbly beseech your
Excellency and Congress to cast your eyes upon a loyal
population, awaiting with confidence and dignity the proc-
lamation ot those inalienable rights which belong to the
condition of citizens of the great American Republic.
"Theirs is but a feeble voice claiming attention in the
midst of the giave questions raised by this teriible con-
flict; yet, confident of the justice which guides the action
of the Government, they have no hesitation in speaking
what is prompted by theii hearts: { We aie men ; treat us
a? feucii.'"
This petition, which it is within my knowledge
was prepared by one of the proscribed race, asks
only for what the fathers of our country intended
they should enjoy. They discoveredin the Africo-
American the attributes and infirmities of their
own nature, and in organizing governments, local
or general, made no invidious distinction between
him and Ins fellow-men. Under the Articles of
Confederation, and at the time of the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States, and long
subsequent thereto, the free colored man was with
their consent a citizen and a voter. Our fathers
meant that he should be so. Their fuith in the
great cardinal maxims they enunciated was un-
doubting; and they embodied it without mental
reservation when they gave form and action to
our Government. No one who has studied the
history of that period doubts that they regarded
slavery as transitory and evanescent. Neither
the word "slave," nor any synonym for it, was
given place in the Constitution. We know by
the oft-quoted remark of Mr. Madison that it was
purposely excluded that the future people of the
country might never be reminded by that instru-
ment that so odious a condition had ever existed
among the people of the United States. Thatin-
strument nowhere contemplates any discrimina-
tion in reference to political or personal lights on
the ground of color. In defining the rights guar-
antied by the Constitution they are never limited
to the white population, but the word " people"
is used without qualification. When in that in-
strument its framers alluded to those who filled
the anomalous, and, as they believed, temporary
position of slaves, they spoke of " persons held
to service," and in the three-fifths clause of " all
other persons." They confided all power to " the
people," and provided amply, as they believed,
for the protection of the whole people. Thus in
the second section of article one, they provided as
follows for the organization of the House of Rep-
resentatives:
"The Ilou^e of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen eveiy second year by the people of the
sevrial State*, and the elct tors in each State shall have
the qualifications rerjui-ite for electors, of the most numer-
ous branch o( the ritate Legislature."
And in the amendments of the Constitution we
see how careful they were at a later day to guard
the rights of the people:
"Art. 1. Congress shall make no law respecting an es-
Mbh-hinent of rrlurion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof; or abi ldcmg the freedom of speech or of the press;
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to pe-
linou the Goveinmentlor a rediess of giievances.
" \ut 2. A well-iegiiiated militia being necessary to the
peeiuity of a tree State, the right o{' the people to keep and
bear arms shall not be infringed."
"Art. •}. The right of t hi people to be secuie in tlvir p1"!-
8011s, hoi^es, papers, and effects, against unreasonable
sean-hrs and seizure*, <hall not be violated/'
''Art. 9. The enumeration in the Constitution of certain
 mhts shall not be con&uuod to deny or disparage othcis re-
tamed by the people.
"Art. 10. The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are rc-
seived to tire States respectively, or to the people."
It has, I know, been fashionable to deny that
the framers of the Constitution intended to em-
brace colored persons when they used the word
" people;" and it is still asserted by some that
it was used with a mental reservation broad and
effective enough to exclude them; but the Jour-
nals of the Convention and the general history
of the times abound m contradictions of this false
and mischievous theory, the source of all our pres-
ent woes. A brief review of contemporaneous
events ou^ht to put this question at rest forever.
The Congress of the Confederation was in ses-
sion on the 25th of June, 1778, the fourth of the
Articles of Confederation being under considei a-
tion. The terms of the article as proposed were
that " the free inhabitants of each of these States
(paupers, vagabonds, and fugitives from justice
excepted) shall be entitled to ill privileges and
immunities of free citizens in the several States."
We learn by the Journal that "the delegatesfrom
South Carolina, being called on, moved the fol-
lowing amendment in behalf of their State: in
article four, between the words ' free inhabitants'
insert * white.'" How was this proposition,
identical with that now made to us, received by
the sages there and then assembled ? Eleven States
voted on the question. Two, South Carolina be-
ing one of them, sustained the proposition; the
vote of one State was divided; and eight, affirm-
ing the colored man's right to the privileges of
citizenship, voted " no,"and the proposition was
thus negatived. South Carolina—then, as she has
ever been, persistent in mischief—further moved,
through her delegates, to amend by insertingafter
the words " the several States" the words " ac-
cording to the law of such States respectively for
the government of their own free white inhabit-
ants." This proposition was also negatived by
the same decisive vote, as appears by the Journal
of the Congress of the Confederation, volume
four, pages 379, 380. What two States did not
vote upon the question the Journal does not in?
dicate; but when it is remembered that Pennsyl-
vania led her sisters in the great work of emanci-
pation, and that it was not till nearly two years
after that date that she abolished slavery, it will
be seen that it was by a vote of slaveholders rep-
resenting slave States, that the proposition to deny
citizenship, its rights, privileges, and immunities,
to the colored people was so emphatically re-
jected. The delegates could not, with propriety,
have voted otherwise. To have done so, they
would have agreed that, in violation of all comity,
while they secured the l ights of citizenship within
the limits of their State to citizens of others, those
other States might deny them to citizens of their
own. They did not probably foresee that South
Carolina might cast the shipwrecked citizen of
another State who had been thrown upon her
shores into a jail, because of the decree of the
Almighty, who had given him a complexion not
agiecubleto the eyes of her people, and in default
of the ability to pay jail fees thus unwillingly in-
curred, doom him and his posterity to the woes
of perpetual slavery; but they did see that such
a proposition opened the door to inequality, and
possibly to oppression, and they resisted it with
a firmness and forecast which their posterity have
failed to honor or emulate.
Again, they could not have consistently voted
for such a proposition; for, by the constitutions
of their own States, free colored men were voters,
and in the enjoyment of the rights of citizen-
ship. Not only then, hut in 1789, at the time
of the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States, there was but one State whose constitution
distinguished in this respect against the colored
man. This odious distinction, so fraught with
unforeseen but terrible consequences, marred the
constitution of South Carolina alone the latter
date.
The constitution of Massachusetts provided that
a livery male poison (being twenty-one years of age, and
resident in any parneulai town in this Commonwealth for
the space of one year next preceding) having a freehold
c-t.ite wiihm the >amc town of the annual income ol tin im-
pounds,or any e-tate of the value of sixty pounds, shall
have a light lo vote in the choice of a leprenentative or
representatives lot the s.ud town.1'
Rhode Island had adopted no constitution, but
continued under colonial charter, which provided
for the election of members of the General As-
sembly by " the major part of the freemen of the
respective towns or places."
Connecticut also continued under colonial char-
ter, according to which the qualifications of an
elector were" maturity in years,quiet and peace-
able behavior, a civil conversation, and forty shil-
lings freehold,or forty pounds personal estate."
The constitution of New York provided that—
Eveiy male inhabitant of full age, who phall have
per-onall) resided within one of the eonntie, of this. State
tor six months immediately preceding the day of election,
shall, at such nleetion, be entitled to vote for iepie<enta-
tive- of tfie said count} in the A^emlily, if, during the time
afo)<"-aid, he f-hall have been a hediolder possessing a fiec-
hold of the value of iwenty pounds within the said county,
or have rented a tenement therein ol the yearly v.'lne of
lorn slnUuifi-', and have lated ar^d actually paid taxes to
tin.- State.''
The constitution of New Jcisey contained this
provision:
" All inhabitants of this* colony of lull age, who aie wotlh
fifty pounds proclamation money clear estate in the same,
and have resided within the county in which they claim to
vote for twelve months immediately preceding the election,
shall be entitled to vote for representatives in Council and
Assembly, and also tor all otherpublic officers that shall be
ciected by the people of the county at large."
The constitution of Pennsylvania provided
that—
" Every freeman of the full age of twenty-one years, hav-
ing resided in this State for the space of one whole year
next before the day of election for representatives, and paid
public taxes during that time, shall enjoy the right of an
elector; provided always that sons of freeholders of the
age of twenty-one years shall be entitled to vote although
they have not paid taxes."
The constitution of Delaware declared that—
"The right of suffrage in the election for members of
both houses shall remain as exercised by law at present."
The declaration of rights, prefixed to the con-
stitution, contained the following: *
"Every freeman, having sufficient evidence of perma-
nent common interest with and attachment to the commu-
nity, hath a right of suffrage."
The constitution of Maryland provides that—
" AN freemen, above twenty-one years of age, having a
freehold of fifty acres of land m the county in which they
offer to vote, and residing therein, and all freemen having
propeity in this State above the value of thirty pounds cur-
rent money, and having resided in the county in which they
offer to vote one whole year next preceding the election,
shall have a right of suffrage in the election of delegates for
such county."
The constitution of Virginia contained a pro-
vision that—
"The right of suffrage in the election of members for
both houses shall remain as exercised at present."
The declaration of rights, prefixed to the con-
stitution, contained the following:
u All men having sufficient evidence of permanent com-
mon interest with and attachment to the community have,
the right of suffiage."
The constitution of Noith Carolina provided
that—
k< All freemen of the age of twenty-one years, who have
been inhabitants of' any one county within the State twelve
months immediately preceding the day of any election, and
shall have paid public taxes, shall be entitled to vote for
members of the House of Commons for the county in which
they reside."
The constitution of Georgia declared that—
<( The elcctor* of the members* of both branches of the
Geneial Assembly shall be citizens and inhabitants of this
Stare, and shall have attained to the age of twenty-one
years, and have paid tux for lire year picceding the elec-
tion, and shall have resided six months within the county."
The constitution of South Carolina provided
that—
uThe qualifications of an elector shall be, every free
white man, and no other person, who acknowledges the be-
ing of a God, and believes in a future btate ol'rewauls and
punishments, and who has attained the age of nm1 and
twenty yeats, and hath been an inhabitant and resident in
this State lor the space of one whole year before the day
appointed for the election he offcis to give hi* vote at, and
hath a freehold at least of fifty acres of land or a town lot,
and hath been legally seized and possessed of the same at
least six months previous to such election, or hath paid a
tax the preceding year, or was taxable the present year, at
least six months previous to the said election, in a sum
equal to the tax on fifty acres of land, to the support of this
government, shall be a person qualified to vote i'oi,and shall
be capable of electing, a representative or representatives."
But, Mr. Speaker, to evade the force of this
overwhelming array of facts, the pro-slavery De-
mocracy and purblind conservatism of the coun-
try have suggested that the thought of the black
man was not present in the minds of those who
fashioned these constitutions and bills of rights;
that they could not have imagined that the freed
slave or his posterity would have the audacity to
ask that they should be recognized as freemen
and citizcns of our country; and with unblushing
effrontery they have made the ignorant brieve
that the Government was organized, notforman-
kind, but for the white man alone. The falsity
of these suggestions is fully exposed by the fact
that South Carolina made the distinction, and in
the Congress of the Confederation pressed it on
the attention of the whole country, but will be
still more amply demonstrated by the facts I shall
hereafter cite. In every State but South Caro-
lina, and possibly Virginia and Delaware, in
which the right of suffrage was regulated by
statute, and not by constitutional provision, the
j| free colored man at that time was a voter. In no
State constitution except that of South Carolina,
which was replete with aristocratic provisions,
was the right of suffrage limited by express terms
!| to the white man; consequently butfew, if any,
j i of the members of the Convention that framed the
ii Constitution of the United States could have failed
