1865.
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committee, and which was made the special order
for to-day at one o'clock, was reported back last
week. 1 think the members of the committee at
least will bear witness to what I say when I state
that that subject has given us a great deal of
thought. We have spent a great deal of time
upon it, and brought it before the Senate at as
early a moment as we could. It is not a matter
. of that general legislation which ought to be per-
mitted to have the go by.
I was present in the Senate last evening, but it
seems it escaped my notice, or I should have ob-
jected at the time to the fortification bill being
taken up. 1 was not aware that the Senator had
called up this bill with the view of superseding
the special order for to-day. I certainly should
have objected to it. It must have been done at
some'moment when my attention was not called
to it. .Under the circumstances I should have
objected to it at the time. I was very much sur-
prised, when the order of the day was called for,
that an appropriation bill, the only one left, that
is to occupy our attention but half an hour, was
to crowd this Louisiana matter aside, and on the
assurance of the Senator from Ohio that it is vastly
important, that we have got but half an hour to
devote to this measure, and it must be considered
now, anil crowd out the special order of the day.
But, sir, as this matter is up, I will not occupy
the time of the Senate, but will withdraw my
motion, and let us devote the half hour to the
Senator's bill and see if we can finish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the motion is with-
drawn I will state to the Senator that it is true
this bill .might be postponed, probably without
great disadvantage, but let me remind him that
the Committee on Finance have leave to sit during
the sessions of the Senate* I have not been able
to take a part in the deliberations of the Senate
during this week, and the very moment this bill
is passed I have to go back to the committee to
complete the examination of the tax bill; and
although we are not to-day pressed with appro-
priation bills, to-morrow and the next day and
the next day we will be. 1 hope this afternoon
to be able to report the tax bill if I can get a little
leisure. That will come up on Monday, and
must be disposed of. In the mean time, the appro-
priation bills, not one of which has been passed,
will come to us. One has come within a few
minutes, and two others must come to us from the
House of Representatives, anil all the rest must
yet be acted upon on reports of committees of
conference. It is therefore indispensable, in order
to prevent the accumulation of business at the
close of the session, that these appropriation bills
" be taken up and acted upon the very moment we
can reach them.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Ts the motion withdrawn?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I simply desire to make
an inquiry. The resolution to which the Senator
from Illinois alludes having been fixed for one
o'clock to-day and having been displaced by this
bill as the unfinished business, I suppose it will
come up immediately after this bill is disposed of.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the reading of the bill and amend-
ments.
The next amendment was in section one, line
five, after the word " appropriated" to strike out
the words "for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
Works of defense."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary. The next amendment is in
section one, line nine, to strike out the following
item:
For Fort Wayne near Detroit, Michigan, $125,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole of these items
are in fact but one amendment, and I hope the
question will be taken on the whole of them to-
gether.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable member
whether this amendment, if adopted, will not
strike out all the other appropriations except such
* as are included in the amendment of the com-
mittee ? I think the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives provides for the completion
ofFort Patapsco, upon which the defenses of Bal-
timore rest. I will ask if there is any appropria-
tion in the bill as it came from the House for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator that they will all be read,
and he will then see.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was'
in section one, after line eight, to strike out the
following items:
For Fort Wayne, near Detroit, Michigan, $123,000.
For repairs of Fort Niagara, near Youngato wu, Ne w York,
$50,000.
For Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York, $100,000.
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Champlain, New
York, .$100,000.
For Fort Knox, at narrows of Penobscot river, Maine,
$150,000.
For Fort Popham, Kennebec river, Maine, $150,000.
For Fort Preble, Portland, Maine, $150,000.
For Fort Scammel, Poitiand, Maine, §100,000.
For Fort Georges, on Hog Island Ledge, Poitland, Maine,
$150,000.
For Fort Constitution, Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
$50,000.
For Fort McClary, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $100,-
000.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston, Massachusetts, $20,000.
For Fort Independence, Bos-ton, Ma^acliusetis. $10,000.
For Forj Wdnen, Boston, Ma^saclin&oU^, $20,000
Forsea-w.ill of'Gieat Brewster's island, Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, $40,000,
For repaii of sea-walls on Deer and on Lovell's inlands,
Boston iuubor, Massachusetts, $5,000.
For permanent forts at New Bediord harbor, Massachu-
setts, $100,000.
Foi Foit Adams, Newport, Rhode Tsland, $100,000.
For Foit Hale, New Haven, Connecticut. $95,000.
For Fort Sehu\ ler, East river, New Yoi k, $50,000.
For Jou at Willet's Point, opposite Fort Schuyler, New
York, $100,000.
For lepairs ofFort Hamilton, New York, $50,000.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten inland, New
Yoik, $100,000.
For loit at Sandy Hook. New Jersey, $100,000.
For repaiis ofFort Mifflin,neat Philadelphia, $35,000.
For n-pairs of Fort Washington, on the Putoinac river,
$50,001*
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia, §50,000.
For Fort Clinch, Florida, $100,000.
For Fort Tayloi, Kry We&u Flouda, $400,000.
For Foit JetlV'r^on, Gaidon Key. Florida, §'200,000.
For fort on Ship island, coast of Mississippi, $100,000.
For foit at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, California,
$40U,000.
For foit at Alcatraz island, San Francisco bay, Cali-
fornia, $330,000.
For additional defenses at San FraneUco, $100,000.
For defences of Wa-shingiou, $">00,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For the completion, preservation, and repair of such ex-
isting loiutieatioiis and othei works of deieaso as, in the
opinion of the President, are needed foi the ptesent war,
and to pieserve in repair existing fortifications and works
of defense, $J ,500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-three,
to strike out the words " contingencies of fortifi-
cations, including," so that the clause will read:
" For field-works and field operations, $1,000,-
000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line ninety-six,
to strike out the following clause:
For lepairing, equipping, and enlarging Fort Portei, at
Buffalo, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot concur m the gen-
eral policy of the amendment proposed by the
committee, which contemplates the absolute sus-
pension of all expenditmes upon the forts of the
country. If these works have at any period dur-
ing this war been deemed necessary it seems to me
the argument holds good at the present moment.
The appropriations for the completion of these
works are as necessary this year as they were
last. Last year it was the policy of the Govern-
ment, and the opinion of the War Department,
that these works should be prosecuted to comple-
tion. I am not aware of any particular change in
the sentiment of the country, or of the Adminis-
tration, or of the Departments, or m the general
condition of the countiy, which authorizes this
radical change, this absolute and entire suspen-
sion of these Government works. None has been
stated, I believe, by the honorable chairman of
the committee,and surely none can be conceived,
I think, fiom the general attitude of publicafFairs.
It may be said, I know, that these works must
be prosecuted at the present time at great expense,
it should be remembered also that they must be
suspended at great loss. These works cannot
be suspended at the present moment without very
great loss; and it seems to me that a policy which
has been recommended by every Department of
this Government since this warbegan,and urged
as necessary for the defense of the country, should
not be biought to a stand-still without some evi-
dence, some exhibit, some recommendations from
the proper Departments of the Government that
the thing was desirable. I do not know what rea-
son the committee have. 1 have heard none in
particular stated, and therefore I protest against
this general change.
I rose more particularly to call the attention ot
the Senate to the obvious distinction which is
made in this amendment. I think if the amend-
ment is to prevail the same principle should be
applied to other portions of the bill. The general
feature of the amendment of the committee is
that these appropriations shall be limited to suoh
works as are deemed absolutely necessary, in the
judgment of the President, for the present war;
and so all the appropriations for works upon the
coast, which it seems to be assumed by the Com-
mittee are not necessary during the prosecution
of this war, are stricken out. But,' on the 5th
page of the bill, $300,000 are appropriated 44 for
surveys for military defenses, and for purchase
of campaign maps." What defenses? "What
part of the country, and for what purpose? I
submit that, if thatappropriation is to be allowed
at ail, it should be amended so as to read in con-
formity with the general feature of the amend-
ment of the committee, by adding the words "and
needed for the present war." Then again I find:
For survey of northern and northwestern lakes, in-
cluding Lake Supenor, $123,000.
Now I do not rise to make a general opposi-
tion to that appropriation, but I ask the honor-
able chairman of the committee on what ground
is it that $125,000 are to be appropriated for the
survey of the western lakes, without any state-
ment or any specification of any necessity or ur-
gency for that survey as applicable to the present
state of the country, while, at the same time, you
are to have these expenditures upon the coast
sti icken out?
Mr. GRIMES. Move to strike that out.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall only move that in
case the genera! appropriations deemed necessary
heretofore to prosecute these works on the coast
should be stricken out. The same is true also, I
think I may say, in regard to the next item:
For engtaving and printing charts of lake surveys,
§15,000.
The other items on this page seem to have some
relation, I suppose, to the present prosecution of
the war. If it be the sense of the Senate to adopt
the amendment of the committee, striking out
these geneiai appropriations for the prosecution
of the works of defense, which have been recom-
mended by the Government since the war began,
and which I conceive to be as essential for the
successful prosecution of this war against all in-
terference or pretense of interference abroad as
any of the fortifications which you can construct,
I shall then move that this part of the bill to which
I have alluded be made in conformity to the gen-
eral objects of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can satisfy the
honorable Senator that we have not retained the
items to which he objects from any sectional view,
or from any desire to discriminate in favor of one
class of improvement ever another; and our at-
tention was called to the very uems to which he
refers.
For surveys for military defenses, for purchase of cam-
paign maps, §300,000.
The amount seemed to be very large, but it was
said that in the country in which they will be used
the expense of making these campaign maps was
very great indeed,as in the recent campaign from
Chattanooga to Atlanta, a-nd from Atlanta to Sa-
vannah. We have each of us been served with
campaign maps, the very appearance of which
indicates that a great deal of expense and care
has been taken 111 making thoae maps, and their
value is of infinite importance. The amount of
§300,0U0 seemed to be very large, but we had not
the materials to make the reduction The " sur-
veys for military defenses" would be entirely in
the South, and for the purposes of the present
war. There is no occasion for surveys for mili-
tary defenses in the northern States.
In regard to the second item, "for survey of
northern and northwestern lakes, including Lake
Superior," 1 can infoim the Senator thataeystem
has been adopted by which these surveys are
placed under the engineer department, while the
surveys on the coast are placed under the Coast
Survey. We did not wish to interfere with the
appropriations either for.the coast survey or for
