1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
the lakes. If, however, the Senator thinks we
ought to suspend these surreys during the war,
as a matter of course this item ought to be strick-
en out, and with it the items for tile coast survey-
in another bill. The committee were not dis-
posed to interfere with either of these surreys
for this reason: we are informed by the proper
officers that if we should suspend the operations
of the coast survey or the surveys of the north-
western lakes, we should probably lose a great
deal more than we would gain by temporary
economy. That did not apply, however, to the
fortifications,which were permanent in tbeir char-
acter, upon which ihe loss could not be much.
The present system of surveys of the northern
and northwestern lakes has been going on with
the coast survey, but they are carried on by dif-
ferent Dcpartmentsof tbeGovernment. The pro-
vision for the one is made in this bill, and the
other appropriation is made ii^whatis called the
civil appropriation bill. 11 is a matter upon which
I have not the slightest feeling.
The appropriation " for engraving and printii g
charts of lake surveys" is the ordinary appro-
priation for that purpose, and, as a matter of
course, should fall in case we either diminish or
{Stop the suiveyson the northwestern lakes.
Now, in regard to building fortifications at pres-
ent, 1 can say that the estimate submitted to us
was nearly twice what was granted by Congress
at the last session. What was done at the last
session was done under entirely different circum-
stances from the circumstances that exist now.
No one anticipates an immediate European war.
No one anticipates that if we were to be involved
in war for the next five years that these fortifica-
tions would be completed for the purpose; and
indeed they are only a part of a system of im-
provement which cannot be completed for four
or five years. If we appropriate §4,000,000 this
year we will be called upon to appropriate the
same sum next year and the year after. It is
probable that five years must pass by before these
fortifications would be of any great value; and if
my friend fiom Iowa [Mr Grimes] is right in his
theory these fortifications are of no account when
completed. The old fortifications are admitted to
be of little value. The.eaith works thrown up on
the southern coast of Fort Fisher and Fort Mc-
Allister, new works composed entirely of earth
and wood, have resisted a much greater amount
of foiee than the best fortifications built under the
old system. The present fortifications built by
the United States have been of but veiy little ser-
vice to the southern States. With the exception
of Port Sumter, they have been scarcely any; and
that was bull ton an island, you may say; a pecu-
liar foitification, where earth could not be used.
Genera! Delafield himselfsaid that whereverearth
could be obtained an earth fortification was su-
perior to a rock fortification. That is a demon-
stration of the present war. More than that, the
improvements made recently in gunnery have
made unavailable the old method of fortifications,
so that they are of rio account. An iron-clad will
run by a fort even of the best character; and our
iron-clad boats could demolish any one of the old
fortifications.
Now if you prepare a new system of fortifica-
tions to meet the piesent £uns, the probability is
that by the time the fortifications are built new
guns will be invented, new projectiles will be de-
vised. The v. it of the whole world is now em-
ployed in improving gunnery, and machinery,
and works of defense. The probability is that
after we should have expended twenty or thirty
million dollars to make a n>'W system of fortifi-
cations some ingenious person would devise new
projectiles, new guns, new improvements of ag-
gressive attack which would render nugatory and
valueless all this largo expenditure.
On tlv* whole, the Committee on Finance were
satisfied that we ought not now, in the midst of
war, to go on expending large sums of money in
building fortifications when we were in no imme- j
(Jiate danger. It was also shown that $2 50 of;
appropriations now will not build any more work !
than one dollar would six years ago; and the i
probability is that it we postpone our system of
!'.>i'Uli".'iUoiis until a time when our paper dollar
ir. .'univalent to a gold dollar, we can do then for
jfi 1,1)00,030 v. hat it will now cost §3,000,000 to do.
Under these circumstances, it seemed to us to be
unwise to continue this, system of'fortifications.
We applied this rule to all sections of the coun-
try, to the Pacific coast, to the lake const, (and
there are several appropriations in this bill in-
tended for the protection of the lake coast,) anu
also to the Atlantic coast, and only appropriated
money enough to enable the President to repau
such fortifications in the southern States as it may
be necessary to repair. I trust that Fort Sumter
will be rebuilt, merely for the honor of the thing,
and perhaps Fort Pulaski should be rebuilt also;
but with the exception of the fortifications in the
southern States,' necessary for the present war
and the present exigencies, we deemed it unwise
now to appropriate money. _ .
Mr. MORGAN. The specific appropriations
that are proposed to be stncken out, I suppose,
were made upon the estimates or recommenda-
tion of the engineer department. I should like
to know whether that department has changed^its
mind in reference to these appropriations. I he^
amount, appropriated by the bill is upward ot
four million dollars, and the appropriation pro-
posed by the amendment of the committee is but
$1,500,000. I will inquire of the chairman whether
that amendment is in accordance with the views
of the War Department or the engineer depart-
ment,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have had no official com-
munication with the War Department on the
subject. General Delafield, who submitted these
estimates, as a matter of course desires these ap-
propriations. I have had no official communica-
tion from the head of the War Department, and
do not desire to quote his opinion or any con ver-
sations that I have had with him on the subject.
Mr. MORGAN. These specific appropria-
tions, I suppose, were made in accordance with
the views of the engineer department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; in accordance
with the annual estimates; and I can state to the
honorable Senator from New York that General
Delafield was examined by the Committee on
Finance, and his views were very maturely con-
sidered.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it is true, as
stated by the honorable chairman of the Finance
Committee, that General Delafield, the chief of
the Engineer Bureau, was before the committee
when the bill now before the Senate was being
considered. It is also true that General Delafield
adhered with great pertinacity to the recommend-
ationsspecifically.niade and contained in the bill,
a substitute for which has been reported by the
honorable chairman; and upon the closest exam-
ination he adhered to his opinion in every case.
I wish now to state to the Senate that while I re-
gret being compelled to oppose the lecommenda-
tion of the committee of which I have the honor
to be a member, I feel thatitisdueto the country
and due to the State that I represent here to take
that course.
The proposition is to abandon the ordinary ap-
propriations made for the fortifications on our sea-
board, both east and west. It has been stated by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance that
these appropriations are about double what they
have been heretofore. That point was explained
very clearly by General Delafield when before the
committee, fie said the need for these increased
appropriations arose, first, from the necessity of
a new armament upon all or nearly all our forti-
fications; that if those fortifications were to be
preserved as means of national defense, to be ef-
fective now for that purpose against, the new sys-
tem of building ships, they must necessarily be
furnished with new artillery, otherwise they
would be ineffective and subject to be success-
fully attacked by any enemy that might approach
our'coast. To meet that, the majority of the com-
mittee thought that we did not stand at this time
in danger ofa foreign war; that the iron-clads of
France'and England and the rams of the rebels,
if they could get upon our sea-board, would not
approach our forts; that we stood in nodcingerof
attack. Upon that proposition the judgment of
the Senate is to be pronounced.
Mr. President, in my own humble judgment
there never has been a time in our history, nor
since this war began, when it was better economy
to secure the United States from ,ittack from
abroad than at this time. It is true that we are
not directly threatened with a foreign war; but
war is because the nations who are able to threaten,
and whose interest, perhaps, it would be to threat-
en, do not desire to do it now. We ar  passing
through a period when it is 110 longer, perhaps,
a matter of doubt as to our success usainsU our
domestic enemies; but is that a reason why wo
should leave our coast defenseless, with thirty-
pounder guns, with a few colunibiads here and
there; which are no longer relied upon as means
of defense? I think not, sir. I think it would be
very bad economy indeed to refuse th is appropria-
tion of §4,000,000 simply that it might be saved,
while by so doing we should be exposed to the
direst necessity in case of a foreign war.
Mr. SHERMAN. As my friend is going off
on an error, perhaps I ought to inform him that
the appropriation for guns and ordnance is not
in this bill at all. We have appropriated in the
Army bill ail that was asked for guns and ord-
nance. The only trouble is that we do not put
them on works which are not built.
Mr. CONNESS. I take issue there with the
honorable chairman. 1 know that was stated m
reply to me in the committee. I know that the
chairman can show appropriations for guns in
the Army bill; but, sir, it was staled specifically
by General Delafield in the committee that these
appropriations did not contemplate new works,
but the increased effectiveness of old woiks, by
placing guns of a superior quality and calioer
upon them. To the objection made mid now
stated by the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee, or to a question put to General Delafield,
"Are not earthworks more approved now, ami
have they not been proven to be of greater utility
than fortifications built of granite?" this was bis
reply; " Earthworks alone without bomb-proofs,
requiring a very heavy expenditure, are worth
nothing. The enemy can throw up earthworks
as well as you, and he can shell you out of your
earthworks unless you have expensive bomb-
proofs built. You cannot preserve your ammu-
nition from the weather and the shells of the
enemy, nor your men from his iron hail, unless
you have those bomb-proofs built, which are very
expensive.5'
Again, the general explained the necessity of
adhering to fortifications built of stone. At many
of our ports, where science and engineering dem-
onstrated their necessity,there was no possibility
of building earthworks, and therefore they had
to build them into the se§ and build them ol stone,
and build them by providing for one tier of guns
above another. He said that earth woiks w<*re
not new; that every demonstration that hwi been
made infavorof earthwoiks of late had be>ni long
known to the engineers, not only of this coun-
try, but of other Governments. 1 ihmlc the state-
ment made by Genera! Delafield belore the com-
mittee was as convincing proof as anything could
poesibly be that we should adhere to the appro-
priations recommended by that department.
Why, sir. if we refuse the appropriation* asked
for for the Pacific coast at present, to what does
it expose us? I appeal to honorable Se tenors \i ho
have been in that country, and whose minds t'ut-
nish them at once with its topography. Tlv en-
gineer department have answered the questt"n, Is
the great port and city of San Francisco sufficiently
protected from a foreign enemy? The answer at
once is, no. It was slated by General D< Infield,
to a question I put to him on that point, that there
was nothing to hinder an enemy from taking man/
of those fortifications til revet se, that the appro-
priations asked for did not even contempla'e tiie
construction of a fortress at what is known a(s
Lime Point, on the northern side of the pass.ige
known as the Golden Gate, but for the placing of
more effective artillery and carrying on and fin-
ishing the works that were being built upon the
island known as Alcatraz island, in the harbor
opposite the entrance, and for the erection of such
other works as should protect Fort Point on the
rear.
But honorable Senators and the committee
say, " There is no danger of your coast, there is
no foreign enemy." Sir, we think there isn for-
(ign enemy getting pretty near our doors. We
j think that that foieitin t nemy is a jealous and
; powerful enemy. We think that that foieign
enemy has recently, during our great national
teeds, been guilty of u policy that deserves the
it is true arid patent to every American that the, j I severest watchfulness, ihe .highest degree of prep-
reason why we arc not threatened with a foreign j! aration and the most intense determination on the
