1865.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
on these earthworks. The question arose on an
appropriation made in this biil; in lines seventy-
six and seventy-seven, the Senate will see an
appropriation for the defenses of Washington of
$500,000. I said to the general, " How can it be
necessary that you shall expend $500,000 for the
fortifications around Washington, when the war
is coming to an end apparently, and when there
will be no further necessity to maintain those
forts for a great while?" and his answer was that
the earthworks around Washington have got to
be rebuilt to a very great extent. We had wooden
breastworks in them, and magazines made of
timber and earth thrown over it, and the timber
is all rotting and falling down, and we have got
to rebuild the magazines of all thoseforts. it is
not wise, I submit to the Senate, to construct forts
go (hat we shall have to rebuild them every four
or five years in that way. We must have a more
durable material than that. It may be well, as
the Senator from Iowa says, to construct them
of stone and then throw earth over them, where
you can get the earth and the earth will stay,
because eatth is a thing that resists shot better
than anything else that can be used.
1 agree with all that has been said by Senators
on the one side in regard to the economy that
should be practiced at this time. I know that it
is more expensive to build works now than it was
three years %o, and perhaps more expensive than
it will be two or three years hence; but if we are,
to do any work now, if we are to make an appro-
priation to be used the coming season, I submit
that it will be better to strike out a part of the
approptiations in the bill for specific places and
to appropriate the balance, than to cut it all out at
one swoop and then give a gross sum to the Pres-
ident to expend as he chooses. Let us use the dis-
cretion that legislators oidmarily use,and if Port
Wayne needs a less sum than the biil appropri-
ate^ make it h'ss; tf Fort Wayne does not need
anything, cut it out; and then of the next item,
if that work needs less, cut it down, and so on;
but not, against the opinion of the engineer who
has the works in charge, sweep the whole away
and appropriate a gross sum to be put into the
hands of the Chief Executive to do as he may see
fit in regard to it.
Lk me instance the harbor of Portsmouth in
my own State. There are two forts there, Fort
McClary and Fort Constitution, those forts lying
perhaps in a direct line a mile and a half below
your navy-yard, and you leave them unfurnished
with arms in the state they are now in, or nearly
so, and you leave all the property of your navy-
yard and your yard itself entirely unprotected,
it has been found necessary by the engineer and
the ordnance departments during this war to
mount two heavy Pai tott guns in Fort Constitu-
tion for the protection of the harbor for the time
being. At Fort Constitution you no more could
make an earthwork than you fcould make one in
this Senate Chamber. It is on an extreme rocky
point projecting into the habor where the tide
runs around it with a velocity that would take
away any earth you might put there. It is founded
on solid rock.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will permitme
to say that I thought I understood General Dela-
field to state specifically in answer to a question
of the Senator in regaid to Fort Constitution, that
the object of the large appropriation for that very
work was to put heavy guns in it.
Mr. CLARK. He did so state, and anybody
who has known that fort for any length of time
would know the necessity of putting heavy guns
there. Fort McCIary, on the other side of the
harbor, is a water battery down close to the edge
of the water, with a lull behind it. for the defense
of the harbor.
Now, Mr. President, I submit to Senators
whether it is wise in this state of the military art
to leave all these fortifications entirely useless, if
I may so speak, or nearly so, for the want of prep-
aration and heavy guns to put upon them. Take
Portland harbor m the State of my friend before
me, [Mr. Morrill ] I submit to him and I sub-
mit to the Senate that on the rocky islands at the
mouth of that harbor you cannot build an earth-
work; it is an impossibility to do it. 1 submit
to him and the Senate, and to anybody who knows
the locality, the necessity of building up fortifi-
cations in the harbor of Portland, which is the
very point that the enemy would seek in « foreign
war, if we should ever be engaged in one with Eng-
land, in order to reach the Canadas by the Grand
Trunk railroad. It may be wise to forsake what
has been the policy of the Government for years
and years, but I do not believe it is. I hold that
the way to prevent a foreign war is to make your-
selves strong against it. Your enemy will not
attack you when he sees that he will be beaten if
he does.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that
the remarks of the Senatorfrom New Hampshire
in regard to any claim that I preferred for the
Navy in connection with Fort Fisher are wholly
gratuitous and uncalled for. I claimed nothing
for the Navy in that connection. I simply read
a letter from the highest authority in the empire
of Gieat Bikain to show that the fact that our
iron-clad vessels remained uninjuted under the
fire of the rebels at Fort Fisher indicated that
Portsmouth and Falmouth in England lay at the
mercy of our iron-clads, should they go there and
attack them. That is all I said; and as to the re-
mark that the Navy did not accomplish any thing
and were incapable of accomplishing anything
until a land party from the Army went ashore,
it was wholly gratuitous.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, if the Senator
does not cluim anything for the Navy, I will be
a little gratuitous and I will grant him something
for the Navy. 1 think they behaved with great
gallantry on that occasion. I do not desire and
I will not take from them one particle of the meed
of glory which they earned. I simply meant to
say that that fort was so armed with heavy guns
that the Navy could not take it—not to detract
anything from the Navy. My object was to show
that forts could be armed so as to resist the iron-
clads of a foreign Power as that resisted our iron-
clads.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it is always
an invidious ta^k to endeavor to leduce appropri-
ations. One would suppose here, from listening
to this argument, that the Committee on Finance
were in some way proposing a very radical re-
duction of expenditure. Now, sir, i declare that
the amount appropriated by this bill for fortifica-
tions is more than has ever been appropriated by
this Government in any bill, with the single ex-
ception of the bill of last year. The amount pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance is within
$300,000 of the amount appropriated last year,
and never was so much appropriated before; and
yet from the clamor raised here in regard to this
bill one would suppose we were striking at all the
fortifications.
Mr. President, I am tired of this. We are now
involved m a war in which everything is atstake.
All the money is needed just as the life-blood of
the system is needed, and he who would abstract
rhoney from the Treasury of the United States
now for any purpose that can be postponed is
not doing the country a public service; yet there
is scarcely a measure that has been proposed in
the last twenty years demanding public money
but is now pending before us. We must stand
up and resist these things. I know that honor-
able Senators desire to advance the interests of
their constituents. They naturally see in the
works to be constructed in their own neighbor-
hood reasons that others cannot see; but the ques-
tion is presented to us, shall we now in the midst
of this war, when we have all we can do to raise
the money 'necessary to carry on the war, pile up
granite in New Hampshire or in Maine, shall we
build fortifications at San Francisco? I say to the
honorable Senator from California that if Cali-
fornia be attacked, all the power of this Govern-
ment will be at her back to defend her against
France or any other country, and I ask him
whether the expenditure of $1,000,000 now on
Fort Point will tend to protect us from the French?
Not at all. The history that is now being made
by our gallant soldiers and brave officers in the
South will protect us and protect California more
than all the granite that may be piled up on Fort
Point. Let us postpone these works until we can
build them with care and fidelity; let us postpone
all these improvements until we have money with-
out borrowing it from the people; let us not divert
loans which are given to us for our national de-
fense in this struggle to piling up granite any-
where for a doubtful service.
But the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, who desires a part of the appropriations in
this bill for his State, says that the President
ought not to be trusted to distribute this money
as the committee propose. Let us see whether
we have not guarded the discretion of the Pros*
ident. We provide here that $1,500,000shall be
expended " for thecompletion,preservation,and
repair of such existing fortifications and other,
works of defense as in the opinion of the President
arc needed for the present war, and to preserve
in repair existing fortifications and works of de-
fense." He has no power under this appropriation
to take money and expend it on works which are
not now needed in this war. We give him no
discretion to do that. He will have no power
under this appropriation as reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance to take money and expend it
at Detroit or on the forts in Portland harbor; he
can only keep those forts in a state of preserva-
tion and repair; but he has power, and we place
at his discretion $1,500,000 to be expended on the
forts needed in the present war, as for the repair
of Fort Sumter and Fort Pulaski, and the forts at
Key West. There it may be necessary to con-
tinue the works during the present war to preserve
our armament in that region, to maintain our hold
alongthe Atlantic coast, it is necessary forus also
to rebuild and repair the forts at New Orleans and
at Mobile^which are in our possession. We make
an appropnation and do not cripple or limit the
power of the President in expending this money on
the line of forts along the southern" coast. We
have everyone of them now, and we intend to hold
them; and until the flag of our country floats m
every portion of the South we will hold these forti-
ficationsas the line of coast defense, and we place
in the power of the President an ample sum-—more
than was demanded—to hold these forts and put
them in a state of perfect repair. But when we
are called upon to expend so much money, to take
three or four millions more and plant it in the
form of granite along our Pacific coast and At-
lantic coast, it seems to me the idlest thing in the
world. We place no unreasonable discretion in
the President, we do not give him power to spend
money and subject him to being harassed and
bothered by those who demand money for their
particular localities. All the power we place in
his hands is to hold on to the forts we have in the
southern States and not to expend the money of
the pf.ople in forts along the northern coast.
Some honorable Senators seem to anticipate a
war with the French. Sir, such remarks and dis-
cussions invite controversy with he French. 1
tell you that our guarantee against a French war
is in the power evinced by the American people.
I do not fear a French war; let it come when it
will, we are prepared for our defense. I do nofi
fear any of the Powers of Europe. I would not
excite a controversy with them. We have no
occasion for a European quaireU There is no
point now upon which we can have a European
quarrel. We propose no interference with them*
and when they undertake to interfere with us our
history within the last five years shows that we
are able to defend ourselves.
Mr. President, this has been an earnest effort
at least to check expenditure in this direction. At
the last session we appropriated for all the forti-
fications|1,800,000. Now thecommittee propose
to appropriate $1,500,000. 1 ask if that is not
enough. Last year we appropriated for the de-
fense ofSan Francisco £140,000. They have two
forts there. Now it is proposed to appropriate
for those works over eight hundred thousand dol-
lars. I ask Senators if that be wise.
But the honorableSenatorfrom California says
the forts ought to be armed with the jaew guns. 5
say to him again that the guns are made in the
Ordnance Bureau, and we have appropriated all
that was asked for guns, if any money is desired
to place guns in position in the forts there are ap-
propriations which can be used for that purpose;
or ifit is necessary for that identical purpose, there
is no objection to giving the engineer deparment
enough money to man or reman our fortifications.
But the great body of the money appropriated in
this bill would not be used for any such purpose.
1 doubt whether $50,000 of it would be used for
the purpose of transporting ordnance and placing
it in the forts. All that is the business of the
ordnance department; and what the engineer de-
partment does is to adapt the forts to the new
armament. Whatever is necessary to adapt the
forts to the new armament, I hare no objection.
