1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
to appropriate here; but I know from General
Delafield, and I know also from the whole history
of this matter, that the great body of this money
if appropriated will not be spent in adapting the
forts to new gunnery, but in carrying on new
works of defense and completing those which
have been already commenced. That is the in-
tention, and General Delafield, who has been
quoted so o&en,said the object was to place these
iorts in a condition of permanent defense against
foreign Powers; and when the question was put
to him whether the money was needed to enable
us to protect ourselves against our present enemy,
he promptly answered, " Certainly not.''
Now, sir, we must defend ourselves on the
plains of Virginia and North Carolina and Ten-
nessee. We need not prepare ourselves for fu-
ture defense against foreign Powers. Let the
future take care of itself. Let us do our duty
now, put down ourpresentenemy, and I tell you
•we shall have peace in this country for a genera-
tion to come. I do not fear future war. Let us
only get out of our present trouble, husband our
resources for that purpose, and we need not fear
foreign Powers. But for us now to borrow money
■which must eventually be repaid in gold and
plant it on the shores of the Atlantic, or the lakes,
or the Pacific, to be repaid hereafter threefold is
an act certainly not of wisdom or economy. We
cannot do it; we must put down the brakes some-
where; and i do not know where it can be done
better than in this fomfication bill. For one, 1
do not apply to this bill or to any measure af
fectmg the Atlantic or the Pacific coast a rule
that! would not apply to myself and my own
constituents. Some of the people in my State
along the northern border fear that the British
may come over and attack us as they did m the
war of 1812. I represent a section of the coun-
try which was occupied at one time during that
war by the British and Indians. I do not fear
that now. We feel able to defend ourselves,
and with the good aid of the people of New
Hampshire and California and other sections of
the eountiy, if we shall ever again be involved m
war with Great Britain, we will make Canada
the battle-ground, and not the plains of Ohio. 1
do not utter this as a threat. I only say what
every man of sense knows, that the contest will
not be at Fort Wayne or at the forts along the
Jake shore, which it is now proposed to rebuild
arid improve; but it will be in Canada where the
battles will be fought for the defense of our own
territory. Why then seek difficulty? Why pro-
voke difficulty by building forts and fortifications
for which there is now no use ? If, as 1 said, it
is necessary to appropriate a small sum of money
to adapt our existing fortifications to the new
armanent, that is provided for; we have appro-
priated m the Army appropriation bill, which
has now received the sanction of both Houses,
$3,500,000 for ordnance for fortifications.
There was one remark made by the Senator
from New Hampshire which struck me with sur-
prise. He said that §500,000 was needed for the
defense of Washington. We have provided for
that. It is here in thefirstitem not stricken out,
" for field-works and field operations.'*' The Sen-
ator says the reason why the appropriation is ne-
cessary is to rebuild woiks. Undoubtedly Gen-
eial Delafield said he desired to lebuild some of
these magazines; but his principal purpose is to
make another line of defense about Washington,
a new line; and the Senator, I suppose, in order
to prevent them from rotting down m three or
four years, would build them of granite, and in
that way would save the loss and damage of their
rotting down. Does the Senator know how much
it would cost to transport enough granite or stone
from New England here to rebuild these fortifi-
cations and make them water-proof and fire-
proof?
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me;
I said no such thing; and I think I said nothing
from which it could be inferred that I meant to
build them of granite. In that connection i was
not speaking about these temporary fortifications
around Washington, I hope they are but "tem-
poral y. I instanced them merely to show that
earth woiks in that way would decay very quickly.
Mr tiHKRMAiN. No doubt of it; but what
has that to do u ith the question' We have pio-
vided here^l,000,000 for neid-works and field oper-
ations, and the very fact that during this war these
improvised earthworks made entirely of earth,
with wooden magazines, which are drier and bet-
ter for many purposes, according to the books,
have resisted us more than any other form of for-
tification, ought to prevent us from continuing the
old system of fortifications. Wherever earth can
be found, wherever it can be hauled, wherever it
can be reached, it is admitted now to be the best
basis of fortification, and granite works and stone-
works are to be only used where earth cannot be
found. Thatisshown by the case of Fort Fisher
and by the case of Fort McAllister. Not a single
one of the old fortifications which cost this coun-
try §150,000,000 has ever been of any material
service to us or, I believe, to the rebels. The
$150,000,000 which have been expended in forti-
fications, if put out at interest at the time the
money was expended, and accumulated to this
hour, would carry on this warfor one year. There
never has been money worse wasted than that we
have spent in building a system of fortifications
which must be changed every ten or twelve years
to adapt them to modern improvements.
I have been perfectly willing to vote any amount
of money for building iron-clads and iron boats
wherever they have been demanded. 1 believe
the only way to defend our sea-coast is by build-
ing a certain class of monitors and boats to float
in our harbors. It appears to me sensible and
reasonable that a single battery floating upon a
monitor in the port of New York, for instance,
in such a position thatnean be moved from place
to place, can follow a public enemy, itself im-
pervious against attack, so strongly armed that
the most powerful projectile now known to mod-
ern warfare cannot penetrate it, is the proper kind
of harbor defense upon which we must rely.
Earthworks, and stoneworks, and guns planted
on the shores will notanswer the purpose. Here-
after naval contests and all contests along the
shore will be such contests as that between the
Monitor and Merrimac, where they were eye to
eye, face to face; and the cannon exploded within
eight feet of where the shot struck. If ever here-
after two maritime nations are engaged in war,
the great battles on the sea will not be at the dis-
tance of a mile, like the battles of the Nile and
Trafalgar, but they will be wrapped together facc
to face, more like the battle of Lake Erie, under
the gallant Perry. Sir, we shall hereafter rely
for the defense of our ports upon the iron-clads.
Iron supersedes stone. This is the age of iron;
no longer the age of stone. Earthwoiks which
may be improvised in a month will disappear,
and iron-clad turrets and monitors, and all the
numerous progeny that will spring from the in-
ventive race of which we are a pait, wili supply
us with ample coast defense in case we have a for-
eign war. These can be made within a year.
These can be made within one tenth of the time
that a single field-work or fortification can be built.
We must rely upon them, and therefore I am
opposed to this constant expenditure upon an old
system of fortifications.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator now allow
me to offer an amendment? I propose to amend
the bill by reducing the amount appropriated in
the original bill for each of the fortifications.
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not affect this
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such an amend-
ment is not now m order, but u will be in order
when the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I am sure the Senate will
agree with me that this debate has assumed an
importance which it had not on the hare state-
ment of the proposition at first. It is not a ques-
tion now of the appropriation of two or three mil-
lions, or of the difference between §1,500,000 and
I $3,000,000, but it is a question of the abandon-
| ment or the prosecution of the defenses of the
•country. That is the proposition. It is avowed
' in the speech of the honorable chairman of the
; Committee on Finance that the whole system of
; defenses planned for the defense of this eountiy
i« to be abandoned. I submit to that honorable
: Senator that when that proposition is to be pre-
i sented to the Senate and considered it is not fit,
| with all due respect to that committee, it is not
i becoming that it should be proposed to the Sen-
j ate of the United States by the Committee on
I Finance. It is not a subject-matter which has
been committed to their care or oyer which they
have any special control. Has it come to this,
that the defenses of the country are to be sus-
pended in this hour of public peril both from
within and from without? Who has advised u?
Who tells the Senate of the United States that
these defenses are no longer necessary > The War
Department of the Government? What Depart-
ment of War has told the American people that
the prosecution and completion of the public de-
fenses of this country are useless and that they
are no longer to be relied upon ? Nobody. No
Department of the Government. It is an unau-
thorized suggestion of the Committee on Finance,
on a mere question of finance submitted to them;
that is all. I say " unauthorized'Mn no offensive
sense, of course, but I say " unauthorized" be-
cause it is not a subject over which the Finance
Committee have any control, or which in the
ordinary course of legislation,, is at alj submitted:
to them.
We have it from the honorable Senator from
Iowa that you are to rely for yoar coast defense
upon the Navy. I can understand why a remark
of that sort should be expected from the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, whose great preference
for the Navy has led hrm to believe that all can
be accomplished by the Navy; but has it entered
into the heart of any sensible man to oppose that
three thousand miles of coast can be defended by
the Navy without a fortification at any point?
The proposition is absard; in the nature of the
case it is absurd. All the fleets of the globe on
this coast cannot defend it against a foreign en-
emy, at all points 1 mean, of course; and I dis-
miss that assumption.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance falls into the same error, and he tells us
in the close of his argument that we are to rely
for the defense of the coast, this wide, exten-deti
coast on the Atlantic and on the Pacific, upon
the Navy; that the hundred and fifty millions of
money which have been expended for the defenses
of your coast has been a useless expenditure of
money; those works have profited us nothing,
and since they have been in the possession of the
rebels they have profited them nothing. Is that
the history of the war? Mr.President, what do
you say of Fortress Monroe ? Has that been of
no advantage to the Government of this country?
How were we able to hold that portion of Vir-
ginia but for that? What do you say of Fort
Sumter? The whole power of your Navy was
brought to bear on Fort Sumter, and for twelve
months it stood out in bold defiance against all of
your assaults. No benefit to anybody? It has
been of infinite mischief to us. With the whole
power of your Navy concentrated upon Charles-
ton, the fortifications constructed by the rebels
principally have been able to lu-ld you in check
and hold you at bay. And with these facts staring
us in the face, patent to everybody, we are to be
told by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance that hereafter for the defense of the coast
we are to rely upon the Navy, and that the works
for which one hundred and fifty millions of money
have been appropriated for the defense of the
country are to be abandoned as useless, and that
further appropriations are not to be made to com-
plete those forts. 1 understand that a biil has
already been passed here and has become a law,
having passed both branches, appropuatmg (I do
not know how much) perhaps three millions of
money to make guns to put upon these forts,and
now the forts arc to be abandoned 1
If I understand the motion made by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts for the leduction of the
amounts specifically appropriated, that is a prop-
osition which can reasonably be entertained, be-
cause that does not propose the abandonment of
the fortifications. 1 can understand that. But!
submit to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts that these appropriations ha\e all been rec-
ommended by that Department which has these
forts particularly under Us care. These estimates
have been made wiui inference to the demands
of that Department, and it is to be presumed with
a better knowledge of what is required than the
honorable Senator who makes this proposition;
and unless some gentleman has information which
can furnish the Senate with the reasonable sup-
position that these sums are too large I should
hope the amendments of the committee would be
rejected, and also that which is proposed by the
