288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
shall be citizens and under what condition the
people may enjoy their rights, and that, if the
proposed amendment to the Constitution fail by
want of the approval of a sufficient number of the
State Legislatures, and South Carolina, when
readmitted should determine to reenslave herfreed
men, and they should resist by force, although
they constitute so largely the majority of her peo-
Ele,it would be the duty of the Government to
ring the naval and military power of the United
States into action in support of the authority of
the State, as it did to suppress the Dorr rebellion
in Rhode Island and repel the invasion of Virginia
by John Brown and his twenty-two undisciplined
volunteers.
But gentlemen may say that we need not fear
such an effort as this; that the humanity of the
age will prevent'it. The humanity of the age has
not prevented similar outrages. Neither the
humanity of the age, nor the prudence of the
people of the South, nor their sense of justice, nor
their love of country prevented a bloody war for
thepuipose of oveithrowing democratic institu-
tions and founding an empire, the corner-stone of
which should be human slavery. Let us not,
therefore, while it is in our power to embody
justice in laws and constitutions, be content to
rely upon man's abstract sense of justice or his
love for his fellow-man. Every gentleman knows
that it has been the usage of every slave State to
reduce free men, women, and children to bond-
age, Did not New Jersey, so late as 1197—as
appears from the State vs. Waggoner, 1 Hal-
stead's Reports—hold that American Indians
mtgfct be reduced to and held in slavery? lias
it not been lawful in Virginia, as appears by
her Revised Code and the Constitution of 1851,
to apprehend and sell, by the overseers of the
poor, " for the benefit of the Liteiuhy Fund,"
any emancipated slave that might remain within
the State more than twelve months after his oi-
lier right to freedom had accrued ? Has notSouth
Carolina sold five colored citizens of Massachu-
setts into bondage, because she had torn them
from the vessels on which they had enteied Im-
ports, imprisoned them and brought them, though
accused of no criminal offense, under charges for
jail fees which she had deprived them of the means
of paying? And has not North Carolina, under
her act of 1741, been in the habit of dooming to
slavery the unoffending offspring of any white
woman-servant and a negro, mulatto or Indian.
How horrible must have been the crime of the in-
fant born of a while mother and an Indian father
that itshould thus, by special statutory provision,
be punished by life-long, unrequited servitude,
and be made the progenitor of a race of slaves.
How dark indeed must have been the African
blood of the child whose mother was a white
woman and whose father an American Indian !
1 know not that the books, full as they are of such
instances, furnish any more absolute illustiahon
of the power of a State over its people than thin.
And yet other and grander illustrations of that
power on this and cognate questions rush upon
my memory. But a few years since, it was
gravely proposed by the Legislature of Maryland
to expel from the limits of that State someeighty
thousand people, because they were of African de-
scent. The act passed both branches of the Legis-
luturo and was referred to the people for popular
sanction. And the main argument by which the
proposition was defeated at the polls was the
sellish one that the land of the white citizen would
remain untilled if these laboreis wore driven from
their homes. Had it been determined otherwise,
the people or the Government of the United States
could not have prevented the execution of the in-
famous docree, but could have been called to en-
force it. A similar proposition, at a later date,
found favor in Tennessee; but the lingering spnit
of her earlier settleis rejected it upon the simple
and higher ground of humanity. Yet had duch
a law been enacted, and had the free people of
color resisted it with force,did not we and every
man in the North stand pledged to sustain the
Government in the use of the naval and military
power in carrying it into execution? Dorr's re-
bellion, and the manner m which the United States
Government suppressed it, have a place in the
hi.story of our country, and illustrate the woiking
of out system of <Jovei nment.
But why speak of unsuccessful propositions,
about which pel verse ingenuity may ntise (j auc-
tions? Surely we have not forgotten the act by
which the State of Arkansas summarify decreed
the banishment of free negroes and mulaftoes who
had their homes in that State, and the enslave-
ment of all such as might not be able to make their
escape within the brief time allowed for the pur-
pose. They numbered many thousands. Some
of them had been given freedom by their fathers,
whose lingering humanity would not permit them
to sell the children of their loins. Others had
earned their freedom by honest toil, by acts of
patriotism, or by deeds of generous philanthropy,
the requital of which had been the bestowal of the
poor measure of liberty that the free negro might
enjoy within the limits of that State. The act to
winch I refer is No. 151 of the acts of the General
Assembly of the State of Arkansas for the session
of 1858-59, and may be found on page 175 of the
pamphlet laws of that session. It was approved
February 12,1859, and contains twelve sections.
Time will not pefmit me to cite the whole of this
iniquitous statute; but two sections I must give
entire. Section first is as follows:
" lie it enacted by the Qencral Jlsscmbly of the State of
Jlrkunsasy That no free negro or mulatto shall be permuted
to reside within the hunts of this State alter the 1st day of
January, A. I). 18G0.''
And the ter^i section reads thus:
" Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for
any person hereafter to emancipate any slave in this fcjtate."
Could language or rhetoric give foice and am-
plitude to these provisions? The intermediate
sections provide for the arrest and sale of any free
negro or mulatto over the age of twenty-one years
who might be found within the limits of the State
after the date indicated in the first section, and
the disposition to be made-of the funds arising
fiom their sale. As a bribe to the people of the
several counties of the State to see the law faith-
fully executed, the surplus of each sale, after de-
ducting the costs, was to be paid into the county
treasury. They provided also for the hiring of
those free colored persons who wore not twenty-
one years of age, and for the sale of such of these
hirelings as might he found within the limits of
the State thirty days after the expiration of their
term of service. When it is remembered that,
by a reversal of the immemorial and universal pre-
sumption that iflan is free, it had been provided
in this and all other slave States that the pre-
sumption that he was a slave aiose from the fact
that uny measure of African blood flowed in a
man's veins, and that it was the duty, not only
of police and other officers, but of every citizen
who found a person of African descent at large to
arrest him and demand the evidence of his free-
dom, and, in default of the production thereof, to
cast him into jail, and that for the jail fees thus
accruing he might be sold, it will be seen how
impossible it was for these poor and illiterate peo-
ple to make their exit from that State and through
those coteiminous to it whose laws contained the
same barbarous provisions.
The humanity of the act is embodied in the
eleventh section, which provides for the support
of children under the age of seven years who
have no mothers, and who cannot be put out for
their food and clothing," and for " the aged and
infirm negroes and mulattoes who may be as-
certained to be incapable of leaving the State, or
cannot he sold after being apprehended." Less
meiciful than Herod, the citizens of Arkansas
did not slay all these innocent children, but with
wise regard to the future welfare of the treasury
of each county, having deprived them of the sup-
port their natural guardians and fond parents
could and would have provided them,and having
torn from the aged and mfnm who were incapa-
ble of leaving the Slate, and " could not be sold,"
the stout sons or gentle daughters whose years
would have been gladdened by toiling to sustain
those weary and aged ones in their declining
years, they made it the duty of the county courts
to make provision out of the proceeds of the sale
of the able-bodied for the support of those who
they thus robbed of their natural support and
protection, leaving the aged and infirm to travel
rapidly toward pauper*graves, and the children
to be sold into slavery as cupidity might bring
purchasers to the almshouse. Let men no longer
speak of the laws of Draco, but say that an
j Ameiican Suite has, in the infernal inhumanity
• her h guhttion, exceeded in cruelty tiie despots
of all nations and all ages. Had the colored peo-
ple of Arkansas had the right of suffrage their
party influence would have saved us the shame
we feel as we contemplate this page of American
history.
The possible repetition of such acts as these by
the aristocracy of the old States, when they shall
again be fairly in the Union, is not matter of specu-
lation. The purpose is already avowed. I have
myself heard it said by men, now professedly
loyal, that the condition of the negro will be made
more horrible as freemen than it has ever been
in slavery; and they have said to me," You know
that where the laborers are ignorant and power-
less, as these will be, the will of the employer is
their supreme law."
Among the witnesses examined by the freed-
men's inquiry commission was Colonel George
H. Hanks, of the fifteenth regiment Corps
d'Afrique, member of the Board of Enrollment,
and superintendent of negro labor in the depart-
ment of the Gulf. Colonel Hanks went to Louisi-
ana as a lieutenant in the twelfth Connecticut
volunteers, under General Butler, and was ap-
pointed superintendent of the contrabands under
General Sherman. His testimony illustrates the
fitness of the colored people for freedom, and
proves the determination of theirold masters that
they shall never, by their consent, enjoy it. Thus
he says:
" The negroes came in scarred, wounded,and some with
iron collar*- icund their necks. 1 *-et them at wot k on aban-
doned plantations, and on the foititicauons. At one time
we had six thousand live hundred of them; there was not
the slightest difficulty with them. They aie more willing
to vvoik, and moie patient than any setof human beings I
ever saw. it is-tiue there is a general dislike to retain to
their old masters ; and those who have lem.uned at home
are suspicious ot foul play, and (eel it to he necessary to
run away to test their fieedom. This year the di-hke has
very much lessened ; they begin to teel themselves moio
secuie, and do not hesitate to return for wages. The ne-
groes willingly accept the condition of labor for their own
maintcnaiu e, and the musket for their freedom. I knew a
famil) of live who were freed by the voluntary enlistment
of one of tin* hoys, lie entered the ranks lor the avowed
pmpose of fieeing his family, llis name was Moore; he
was owned by the Mes-rs. Leeds, non founders; they re-
hided within one of the parishes excepted in the pioela-
mation ot emancipation. He was the first man to fall at
Pa-eagoula. I'pon starting he said to his family 'i know
1 shall tall, but you will be fiee.'
" A negio soldier demanded Ins children at my hands. I
warned to test Ins aftertion. I said ' they had a good home.*
lie >,a id, ' Lieutenant, I want to send my cluldien tosetiool;
nij wife is not allowed to *< <: them ; I am in your service ;
I wear military elothes ; 1 have been in three battles; {
wart in the assault at I'oit llud.^on; \ want my children;
they are my lle&h and blood.' "
Again:
"The colored people manifest the greatest anxiety to
educate their children, and they thoroughly appreciate the
benefits of education. I have known a (amilv to go with
two meals a day in oider to save fifty cents a week to pay
an indilleient teacher foi then eiukhen."
After having spent nearly two years in daily
intercourse with the plunteis in the department
of the Gulf, Colonel Hanks, in his sworn testi-
mony, says:
" Although they begin to sec that Mavei v is dead, yet the
spun of slavery still lives among them. jMany ol them are
even mote lampant to enslave the negio than ever hi fore.
They make gieat endeavors to ieco\er what they call their
own ncqrot'*. One planter offered me £3,000 to letuin his
negroes. They have even hned men to steal them fiom
my own camp. (The old spun still prompting to the old
ciime, winch loni; ago vva.-, declared felony by the law of
nations, if peipetiatedin Allien.)" v * * *
" They yield to the idea ol tieedom only under compulsion.
They submit to the terms dictated by the Government be-
cause obliged so to do. Mi V. ii iviaimiilon, one of the
riehestand mostexteriMve sugar planters in the whole val-
ley ot the Mi-s.—ippi, took the oath of allegiance, hut re-
fused to vvoik his own plantation nnle--s he could have hit
own negroes ictiuned to him. lie had fourteen hundred and
filty ucies of cane under cultivation ; his whole l.nmiv of
plantation handi left hnn and came to New Oilcans, i<>port-
ing tin m-Mslvesto me. Among thmn could he found every
species of mechanic and artisan. I called them up and in-
loimed them th.it the Government had taken po->es->ion of
old niastei % eiop, and that th'-y w«,i e need< d to take.it off,
and would be paid lor then iaboi. All commented to return;
but ne.u mo.niug when the time came foi their departiue,
not one would go. One of ihem said, * I wiiigo any where
eltfe to woik, but you may shoot me before [ will return to
the old plantation.' I alierwaid= ascertained that.Marmil-
lon. whom thev eailed • Old Cotton Heard,' had boasted m
the ptesence of two i olon d gnN, house seivants, how ho
would seive them when he once moie had them in his
power. These gnK bad walked moie than thntv miles iu
the night to bung this. information to their fnends."
Colonel Hanks adds:
" H is undoubtedly true tii.it this year a change for the
better seeing to be takmu' place. In some parulics the
letting of plantations to noiihern men has a powciiu! ef-
lect. The di-po-ntion of the planters, however, toward
theirold flavi's, when they consent to' hire them, is by no
moans tuendiy. I told a planter icjently Until wai the
