1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105S
Senator from Massachusetts; but I will wait for
that and see what it is.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr.WILSON. I propose now to amend the part
of the bill proposed to be stricken out by reducing
the appropriation for Fort Wayne, near Detroit,
from $125,000 to $75,000; that for Fort Niagara,
near Youngstown, New York, from $50,000 to
$25,000;i hat for Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York,
from $100,000 to $50,000; that for Fort Mon tgom-
ery,at the outletof Lake Champlain, New York,
from $100,000 to $50,000; for Fort Knox, at the
nairows of Penobscot river, Maine, from $150,-
O00 to $75,000; for FortPopham, Kennebec river,
Maine, from $150,000 to $75,000; for Fort Preble,
Portland, Maine, from $150,000 to $75,000; for
Fort Sca^ttmel, Portland, Maine,from $100,000 to
$50,000; for Fort Geoigcs, on Hog Island Ledge,
Portland, from $150,000 io $75,000; for Fort Con-
stituiion, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, from
$50,000 to $25,000; for Fort MeClary, Ports-
mouth ,New Hampshire,from $100,000to$50,000;
for Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, from $90,000
to $10,000; for Fort Independence, Boston har-
bor, from $10,000 to $5,000; for Fort Warren,
Boston harbor, from $20,000 to $10,000; for the
sea-wall of Great Brewster's Island, Boston har-
bor, from $30,000 to $20,000; for the repair of
the sea-walls on Deer and on Lovell's Islands,
Boston harbor, from $5,000 to $3,000; for perma-
nent forts atNew Bedford harbor, Massachusetts,
from $100,000 to $50,000; for Fort Adams, New-
port, Rhode island, from $100,000 to $50,000; for
Fort Hale, New Haven,Connecticut, from $95,000
to $50,000; for Fort Schuyler, East river, New
York, fiom $50,000 to $25,000; for the fort at
Willetr's Point, opposite Fort Schuyler, fiom
$100,000 to $50,000; for repairs of Fort Hamil-
ton, New Yoik, from $50,000 to $25,000; foi the
fort on the site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island,
Kew York, from $100,000 to$50,000; for the fort
at Sandy Ilook, NfW Jeisey, from $100,000 to
$50,000; for the repairs of Fort Mifflin, near Phil-
adelphia, from $35,000 to $20,000; for the repairs
''f Fort Washington, on the Potomac river, from
$50,000 to $25,000; for Fort Monroe, Hampton
Roads, Virginia, from $50,000 to $25,000; for
Fort Clinch, Florida, from $100,000 to $50,000;
for Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, from $400,-
000 to $200,000; for Fort Jefferson, Garden Key,
Florida, fiom $200,000 to $100,000; for the fort
On Ship Island, coast of Mississippi, from $100,-
000 to $50,000; for the fort at Fort Point, San Fran-
cisco buy, California, from $400,000, to $150,000;
for the fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, from $330,000 to $150,000; for addi-
tional defenses at San Fiancisco, from $100,000
to $50,000; for the defenses of Washington city,
from $500,000 to $300,000.
I do not, Mr. President, feel like abandoning
the fortifications along our coasts either on the
Atlantic or Pacific, but I feel the force of the ar-
gument of the Senator from Ohio in regard to the
condition oftheTreasury. 1 have therefore moved
this amendment, which appropriates just about
one half of what is appropriated in the original
bill, and I think if it be adopted it will answer
substantially the purposes of the Govetnment
during the coming year.
Mr. CLARK. • 1 agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts in his* amendment, but 1 suggest
to him that in regard to the items for Fort Win-
throp, Fort independence, Fort Warren, the sea-
wall at Great Brewster's Island, and the repair
of the sea-walls on Deer and Lovell's Islands in
Boston harbor, he should make an appropriation
of a sum in gross for those works. . The sum
that he proposes to appropriate for them is small,
about forty-eight thousand dollars,and I suggest
to him that he put that portion of his amendment
in Ljiis shape:
For Po.
• Fort Winthrop, Fort Independence, Fort Warren,
for the sea-wall on Great Brewster's Island, and for lepair
of sea-walls on Deer and. l^oveil's Inlands m Boston har-
bor, §-18,000.
So that the engineer department can have the
money and use it as they may find occasion in
that harbor, as these sums are so small. 1 have
no choice about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that his plan of reducing
the appropriation, as seems to have been his pur-
pose, one half perhaps, would be wrong in rela-
tion to some of these appropriations. For ex-
ample, the item of $5,000 for sea-walls on Deer
and Lovell's Islands, Boston, he proposes to
make $3,000. That much might not answer the
purpose.
Mr. CLARK. That was the reason I made
my suggestion.
Mr. JOHNSON, So in relation to the several
appropriations for Fort Winthrop, and Fort In-
dependence, which he proposes to reduce. The
sums which he appropriates might'beso much
money thrown away.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to taking
the suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and the Senator from Maryland, and appro-
priating a gross sum for the works in Boston har-
bor, as proposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatmode of appropriating,
though, renders the bill, so far as that appropria-
tion is concerned, liable to the objection of the
Senator from New Hampshire thut it leaves the
President to say where the expenditure shall be
made.
I feel as anxious as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance or as the member from Massa-
chusetts can be that these appropriations shall not
exceed the necessities of the country at this time;
but 1 suppose, without knowing absolutely, that
these several appropriations have been recom-
mended as necessary by the proper department
of the Government, the engineer depaitment. I
so understand. Now, it seems to me, that as we
have a department of that description in which we
have every confidence, and as they have advised
that these several appropriations should be made,
we ought to act on that advice without cutting
down the appropriations, by the rule adopted by
the Senator from Massachusetts, just one half.
Mr. President, while I am up, permit me to say
a word as to the amendmentproposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance. That amendment is to strike
out all the appropi latioris and to place in the hands
of the President $1,500,000, to be used by him as
he in his opinion shall think is needed for the pres-
ent war. He cannot spend a dollar of that
$1,500,000 for any other purpose, except such pur-
pose as he may think the present war requires.
If I understand that provision, it means that he
is to spend the money only as he may think proper
in the present contest between the authority of the
United States and the citizens of the United States
who are in rebellion. 1 am fat from believing that
there is any certainty that we shall be involved
in a foreign war, but it is by no means certain
that we shall not be so involved. I f we could tell
when this civil war of ours would terminate, we
should be able to tell with some approximation
to certainty whether we should be involved in a
foreign war or not. If this war is to go on for a
year or two more, it is by no means certain that
we shall not be involved in a foreign war. The
information received from Europe from time
to time, not official, but received from individual
citizens who are there, and who profess to be
acquainted with the purposes especially of the
French Government, gives some reason to believe
that the time will come, unless this war is soon
terminated successfully on the part of the United
States, when Francemay interpose. We adopted
the other day, in the consular and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, a provision which puts it out of
the power of the President of the United States,
and it was so designed, to send a minister to any
other Government in Mexico than the republic of
Mexico. The bill came from the House ofRepre-
sentatives in a different form, but it was amended
in that particular by the Senate, and as far as I
am advised there was no expressed dissent on the
subject. That amendment has created some dis-
satisfaction in France, unreasonably I admit, but
still in fact it exists, and it may in the end, if we
refuse, as I have no doubt we shall, refuse to ac-
knowledge thegovemment of Maximilian, at least
for some years to come, it may involve us in a
difficulty with Fiance, and if we shall be involved
in a difficulty with France I think these fortifica-
tions will be needed.
The honorable Senator from California of
course knows better than I do the actual condi-
tion of the harbor of San Francisco, but I know
it sufficiently well to know that it is not protected
now, and that it will require a very large expend-
iture to make it completely guarded as against a
foreign foe; and instead of appropriating $300,
or $400,000, which is the amount of " this appro-
priation for the two forts in that harbor, the one
on Fort Point and the other on the island of Al-
catraz, if the harbor should get into the hands of
a foreign foe, it would have been better for us to
have prevented it by an expenditure of millions
upon millions; for the possession of San Fran-
cisco by a foreign foe would be pretty much the
possession of California. I do not mean it would
be conquered, but for all practical purposes the
State would be lost to the United States; and if a
fleet consisting of iron-clads should get into that
harbor,and they be as invulnerable as the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affair^ supposes
them to be,all the force of thisGovernmentcould
not get them out.
It is true as he says, and as he proves, so far
as we have a right to rely upon the testimony of
the gentleman whose letter he read, and I have
no doubt he is perfectly well skilled in such mat-
ters—it is true thut iron-clads, with the armament
they have on board, will be more than a match
for any fixed fort with the armament our forts
have now; but it is by no means true, as I think,
and certainly it has not been demonstrated to be
tiue, that artillery may not exist, or be brought
into existence, that will have power enough to
pierce those iron sides. The honorable member
tells us that Fort Fisher was unable to resist the
iron-ciads that we brought against it. In one
sense that is true, but in another sense it is not
true. Fort Fisher was not taken by the Navy,
and the Navy does not claim to have taken it.
The guns of Fort Fisher wore silenced, but the
fort itself was not taken by the Navy. If the
honorable member was here now, I would suggest
to him what 1 suggest to the Senate: suppose that
instead of its being Fort Fisher against which
the six hundred or seven hundred guns of the
American Navy poured such an incessantand de-
structive fire, there had been three or four or five
iron-clads,equal to any that the British or French
Governments have, how long do yon think they
would have withstood that fire? The Atlanta
was supposed to be as strong as any iron-clad be-
longing to the American Navy, stronger, as our
officers think, than any like vessel belongingeither
to the French or English navy, but two of our
shot destroyed her; and the same missiles that
were used against Fort Fisher, if used against
iron-clads such as England or France has, or per-
haps such as opr iron-clads are, would have de-
stroyed them. There ntverwassuch a bombard-
ment as Fort Fisher was subjected to. In the
history of naval warfare there never was such an
instance before.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was an earthwork.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was an earthwork, I ad-
mit, but liow long were we in taking Fort Sum-
ter? That was not an earthwork. Half a dozen
times it was reported as entirely destroyed, but
it seemed to be stronger after it was destroyed
than it was before. The received opinion in times
past—I do not know how it is now—of engineers
was that one gun on shore was equal to fourguns
afloat; and the difference between the capacity of
our forts to meet the power of our iron-clads is
not in the fact that the one is afort and the other
is a ship, but in the fact thattheship carries guns
infinitely superior to any guns to be found now on
our forts.
This bill appropriates I do not know how much
for the harbor of New York. I think General
Delafield will tell you, and no one is more skilled,
that if this appropriation is used upon the forts in
New York as it is proposed to be used, and guns
of the caliber which we have,and which are now
on board our iron-clads, are mounted there, no
fleet could go by. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs says that Fort
Morgan did not stand the attack of Fanagut. It
did. Farragut did not take Fort Morgan. Fort
Morgan was hardly hurt by his fire. He ran by
with a gallantry never before excelled,and with a
skill and a bravery never before equaled, but he
did not take the fort; and if he had staid in front
of the fort his whole fleet in all probability would
have gone to the bottom; and nobody was more
conscious of that, I am sure, than thegallantand'
never to be too much praised admiral. He did
not Uke Fort Gaines. He could not take it. I
heard the officer who led in the Brooklyn say—he
