1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
said it to me—that they held a council of war
before they made the attack,and the admiral pro-
posed to him in the Brooklyn to lead the attack,
to which he joyfully assented; but they were all
under the impression that his vessel would be
sunk. They intended to sacrifice her in orderto
make the attack successful; but there was not an
officer on l>< ard the fleet who did not look to the
sacrifice of the leading vessel as absolutely cer-
tain; and, as he says, nothing but the greatest
good luck (for fortune seems to be with us in this
war) prevented that catastrophe. The fort was
hardly hurt.
in the Crimean war—I happened to be in Eng-
land at that time—when Sir Charles Napier took
the command of the fleet, it was said everywhere
that he would take Cronstadt and get up to St. Pe-
tersburg*, that it was impossible that those forts
could stand as against the power which the Eng-
lish fleet would bring to bear upon them; and
there was great dissatisfaction with him—ever be-
fore gallant and daring; rashly gallant, rashly dar-
ing—because, when lie came to see the danger be-
fore him, and the certainty of failure, he, acting
in accordance with the advice of all his captains,
decided that it would be madness to makerheef-
fort. lie suffered for a time in reputation, but
, there was not a skillful engineer who did not be-
lieve that lie came to the right conclusion, and
that by so doing he saved the British fleet.
Mr. President, if we should have a war with
England or with France, and the port of New
York should only have the protection which it
now has of the forts there in their present condi-
tion, I am by no means ccrtain that a fleet could
not run by the forts and lay the city under con-
tribution; and fo guard against the possibility of
such a result, I would in any state of the Treas-
ury vote any sum of money that the engineers !
deemed necessary to protect that city effectually. !
There may be, perhaps there are in this bill, ap- '
propnations for some forts that might well be
postponed for a time; but keep our large cities
against the hazard of disaster. New York in
the possession of an enemy, and that enemy
combined with the civil enemy against whom we
are now warring, and the civil war would be a
failure. A reduction then of the South to their
allegiance would not be possible.
Therefore, sir, with every respect to the judg-
ment of the Finance Committee, and my friend
the chairman of that committee, I shall be com-
pelled to vote against theamendmentof the com-
mittee, and also against the amendment proposed
by the honorable member from Massachusetts, in
relauon at least to some of these appropriations.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say in re-
gard to the recommendation of General Delafield,
that I think the records of Congress will show
that during the last ten sessions Congress has not
appropriated more than forty or fifty per cent, of
the recommendations of the engineer department
for fortifications. There is always a strong dis-
position on the part of the engineers to ask for
,'arge appropriations for fortifications, but atevery
Congressduring the last ten years our appropria-
tions have been much much less than the esti-
mates of the department. I know that in some
cases where they have been under consideration
-we have voted but a very small portion of the es-
timates. The question is for us to settle. I pay J
great deference to the opinion of General Dela-
field; I have a very high opinion of his skill and
ability and devotion to the country; but m the
present condition of the finances, I feel very much
as the Senator from Ohio does, that we ought to
Spend as small a sum as we can possibly getalong
with and keep our fortifications in a fair condi-
tion. I have therefore moved this amendment
which appropriates about fifty per cent, of the
sums named in the original bill, and I shall vote j
for it, whether it meets the approbation of the
Senate or not. 1 think thatif the original bill had
appropriated the sums now proposed by my ;
amendment it would have been very cheerfully :
taken, without any attempt to enlarge it by the j
Senate. I have not a doubt upon that point. j
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 1
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa
chu,setts.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays; ■
and they weie ordered. 1
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Let the amendment be
restti.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will say to the Senator from j
West Virginia that my amendment is to reduce *
the appropriation for each one of these fortifica- <
tions about fifty per cent, from the amount named s
w the original bill, and it is not necessary, there-
fore, to read ell the details.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buekalew, Chandler,
Clark, Davis, Farwell, Foster, Hale, IJurhtn, Henderson,
Howe, Lane oflndiana, Lane ol Kansas, Powell, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Slieunan, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wilkui:-on, WilJey, and Wi1m.hi—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Conne> , Dixon, Ilairis, Howard, John-
son, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Richardson, Riddle, Sprague,
Stewart, Ten Eyck, and VVnght—14.
ABSENT—Mcs.-rri. Uarlile, Coll.mnr, Cowan, DooJmle,
Foot, Grimes, Harding, Hendricks, McDougall, Morrill, and
Nesmith—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand the state of
the question now, it is on substituting the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance for the bill as
amended on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. That amendment has reduced the
amount appropriated in the original bill to about
one half of what it proposed as it came from the 1
House of Representatives. The amendment of
the committee is based upon a different principle
and contains a still further reduction. I do not
wish to extend the discussion, but I will say
that the bill as it now stands will appropriate
about two million dollars, $1,500,000 of which is
for fortifications on the northern line of defenses,
leaving about four hundred thousand dollars for
the southern line of defense; in other words, about
four hundred thousand dollars of the appropria-
tions contained in the bill as it now stands will be
for the present war and about a million and a half
for some future war, and the question recurs
whether we ought now to expend $1,500,000 for
repaii ins: fortifications that may be needed m some
future war. My honorable friend from Mary-
land imaginesthatwemay haveawarwuh Fiance.
I submit to the Senate whether we ought, in the
present condition of the public finances, to vote
§1,500,000 for the repair of fortifications not needed
in the present war. As to the possibility of our
being involved in a war with France or with Eng-
land, 1 think ins a contingency so remote that we
ought not now, when we have so much else to do,
to provide for it. The attempt to do so reminds me
very much of Mrs. Toodles,who was very fond
of attending auctions. She attended one and
bought a door-plate with the name of Thompson
engraved on it, and when she came home she was
called to task by her husband for the useless
expenditure. She said that some day she might
have a daughter, and that daughter might grow up,
and might marry a man by the name of Thomp-
son, and then it would be very handy to have
thedoor-plateinthe house. [Laughter.] I think
in the midst of our present exigencies it is idle
for us to incur expenditures in view of so remote
a contingency as a foieigri war. But even if we
were involved in a foreign war, these fortifications
in their present condition, or in any condition in
which they are likely to be put for the next three
or four years, are not probably the character of
defense we shall rely upon. 1 have sufficiently
discussed that matter already, and I only wish
now to submit a single point.
The proposition of the Finance Committee has
been carefully matured; it is not a novel one; the
same provision precisely is contained in several
appropriation bills for a number of years. For
four years continuously we appropriated a small
sum to keep out fortifications in repair. I think,
from the beginning of our financial troubles in
1857, to 1860, no appropriations were made for
these forts, and it was a very fortunate thing that
it was so. Ifmoney had been expended on them
it would have been money thrown away, because
it is admitted that the present armament of those
fortifications is msufficientand inefficient.
Under the circumstances, it is my duty to ad-
here to the amendment of the Finance Committee,
although the amount in the original bill has been
very much reduced by the amendment already
adopted. The honorable Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,} in his very excited argument,
insisted that I wes striking at the system of forti-
fications, and discontinuing them entirely, aban-
doning our whole system of defense. I say to
him that it is not so. We can suspend our forti-
fications, suspend our work upon them, without
abandoning the whole system. 1 think at this
time, especially, and for two or three years to
come, there will be no occasion for continuing
these works. They may without any great ex-
pense be put in a state of preservation. They
are not m their nature perishable; they may be
covered and protected from the weather, and work
may be suspended on them without any material
injury, and I thiak itis wisetodo so. Without
prolonging the debate, I urn willing to lake the
vote upon the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to make one suggestion
to the Senate in answer to the appeal of tlie Sen-
ator from Ohio, who says that if this bill pass as
amended, we shall have but $300,000 at the con-
trol of the President for fortifications.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the South.
Mr. CLARIC. If the Senator will turn his at-
tention to page 5, he will find " fof contingencies
of foitifications, including field-works and field
operations, $1,000,000 " m addition.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is left in at any rate.
Mr. CLARK. Tnat is leftm,but it gives him
a million moi e.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me explain totheSen-
ator. It will be necessary, in my judgment, to
repair Fort Sumter and to repair Fort Pulaski.
If any money is to be expended on fortifications
I would expend it on the fortifications at the
mouth of the Mississippi, on Fort Pulaski, on
Sumter, and on the forts at Mobile. There are
no specific appropiiaUons in this bill for those
places, where money is needed and where money
is indispensable for the present war. The words
"field-works and field operations" do not include
foitifications, and the words "contingencies of
foitifications" constitute a specific term applica-
ble only to a certain class of incidental expenses
connected with forufkationh, for instance, the
payment of civil engineers; and unless the partic-
ular expenditure was covered by the term ii con-
tingencies" that appropriation would not enable
the department to spend any portion of the
§1,000,000 for building fortifications in the south-
ern States. "Contingencies," as here used, is
a technical term understood by the accounting
officers of the Treasury Department, and thai
money cannot be expended for building fortifica-
tions. In my judgment, the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which has been carefully
matured, and which will confine the operations of
the Government to keeping the present fortifica-
tions in repair, and will place in its control a large
sum to rebuild or build such fortifications as ate
needed down South for tke present, is the wiser
con rse.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator says he would
rebuild Fort Sumter. I ask him what for.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own impression is
that it may be necessary there, and may be the
most convenient way to stop blockade runners
going up.
Mr. CLARK. Is it any more necessary for
that rebel city than the fortifications atthemouth
of Portland harbor?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the works at Fort
Sumter may be necessary for the protection of
Charleston harbor, for defense even against the
internal enemy. For instance,suppose it should
be necessary to withdraw all our land forces from
Charleston, as may perhaps be the case; we should
then want some point within that harbor for the
purpose of maintaining our hold there, and the
point which can be manned with the least number
of men; and therefore our military authorities
might deem it very proper to fortify Fort Sumter,
and hold it against the rebels.
Mr* CLARK. The Senator would also re-
build Fort Pulaski. What for, when we hold
Savannah ?
Mr. SHERMAN. For the same reasons.
Mr. CLARK. 1 wuuld build an earthwork
over Chaileston, and put the city under it. That
is the kind of fortification I would have. There
is a chance for the Senator's earthworks.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question ison
concurnng in the amendment rrtade as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, as amended.
Mr. CONNESS, I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 understand the vote is to
