292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of officers
of the fortieth Massachusetts regiment, praying
for an increase of the compensation of military
officers; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of captains,
commanders, and lieutenant commanders on the
active list of the Navy, praying for a restoration
of the pay allowed to their respective grades and
ranks prior to the breaking out of the present re-
bellion; which was referred to the Committee on
JSTaval Affairs.
Mr. SOMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of a law
to secure a republican form of government and
to abolish and forever prohibit slavery in the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the select com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of Boston, in
which they set forth that it is believed that debts
amounting from one hundred and fifty to two
hundred million dollars are due to parties m the
North from individuals in the rebel States, that
during the past four years there has been no op-
portunity to press these claims for settlement in
local courts; and that if the bankrupt bill now be-
fore Congress shall become a law before these
creditors can come in contact with their debtors,
and take personal measures to collect their dues,
the rights of such creditors will be seriously pre-
judiced, and that many estates will be closed up
in bankruptcy at a loss to all concerned. They
accordingly pray Congress to postpone the pas-
sage of,the bankruptcy bill until such time shall
have elapsed after the restoration of the revolted
States as shall give to northern creditors an op-
portunity to negotiate with their debtors in those
States for the adjustment of their claims. In
offering this memorial, sir, I desire to say that
■while concurring with the memorialists in the de-
Eire to protect the interests of northern creilitois,
X am not sure tlmt it i.^ necessary that we should
follow precisely their suggestions. I am not sure
that those interests may not be adequately pro-
tected without any postponement of the pending
bankruptcy bill. I move that the metnoiia] be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. HOWAllD. I beg to present the memo-
rial of William A. Hammond, late Surgeon Gen-
eral of the United States Army, stating that he
lias been deprived of his commission as Surgeon
Oeneral and prohibited from holding office under
the Government of the United States by the sen-
tence of a general court-martial under circum-
stances which he prays Congress to inquire into
before confirming the appointment which has
been made of his successor. The memorial sets
forth, with brevity to be sure, certain proceed-
ings in his case before a court-martial of which
he complains, and i.e alleges justly complains.
X move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.WlLLEY. I present two remonstrances
from citizens residing in Alexandria against me-
morials recently presented to the Senate for the
substitution of military authority in the place of
the State governmentof Virginia. These memo-
rialists earnestly but respectfully insist that to
ignore the restored government now would be to
produce general and as they fear remediless con-
tusion in their midst, by retarding or preventing
the administration of justice and the protection of
the rights of persons and property; that the adop-
tion of such a policy would subject loyal and
XJnion-loving citizens to numberless useless and
vexatious annoyances, and that it would crush the
hopes of thousands of devoted Unionists through-
out Virginia, who look to this restored govern-
ment as the nucleus of a sound, patriotic, and
vigorous State organization, under which the
masses of the people of the beloved old Common-
wealth of Virginia will again rally around the
ilag of our glorious Union. They say further:
" 15y all who are thoroughly informed in regard to the
hfcrt't scutum nt> of the masses of tin- people of Virginia,
the plan of bn.imng back the whole of Virginia to the Union
by the election ol Senators and Delegates to the Le-i^Uuure
or the refuted government as fast as the constituent bodies
are a^suiet' of efficient protection by the Federal Govern-
went is regarded as wise and eminently practicable." j
s< Your niemoualifcts are deeply giteved and mortified by
a manifestation on the partofsomeof themembers of your
honorable body to ignore the existence of the loyal gov-
ernment of Virginia ; to do this will be to reduce the loyal
citizens of this Commonwealth to the condition of vassals
of a military s-atiap, and subjcct men who have ireely de-
voted their lives and fortunes to the cause of their country
in the first and darkest hour of the nation's peri), to the
modification of being confounded with the tnntois who
have disturbed the peace, retarded the prosperity, and
aimed a parricidal blow at the very existence ot the Union.
"In view of these fact* yoni memorialists respectfully
and earnestly pi ay that Congress will take no action tend-
ing to destroy or weaken the restored government of Vir-
ginia."
I do not remember, sir, to what committee the
memorials to which this remonstiance relates
were referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that they were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. WiLLEY. I ask that these may take the
same direction; and I also present another me-
morial of the same character and to the same effect
numerously signed bycitizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
PAPERS WITHDRAW.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, it was
Ordered, That Mary 1<\ B. Zevely iiave leave to with-
diaw her petition and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 514) to amend an act to extend
the chatter of the Alexandria and Washington
railroad, pasaed March 3, 1663, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 303) to authorize the corpoiation of
Georgetown to levy certain taxes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was refencd the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 91) in relation to the treaty
of 1817, leportod it with an amendment.
Ho al«o, fiom the same committee, to whom
was refeued a message of the President of the
United States, communicating1, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 15th of December,
1804, a repoit from the Secretary of State relative
to an arrangement between the United States and
Great Britain lelatmg to the naval force to be
•maintained upon the American lakes, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agieed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was refeVred a petition of real
estate agents in Albany, New York, praying that
there be refunded to them a proportionate part of
the tax paid by them as commercial brokers un-
der the internal revenue act of 1SG;2, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jane G. Swisshclm,
praying that provision may be made for the em-
ployment of women as corresponding, recording,
and copying clerks in the Departments, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, there
being no law to prevent their employment; which
was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (II. R. No. 12])
granting additional compensation to the employes
of the two Houses of Congress; repoi ted a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed, and
the report was concurred m.
Mr. W1LLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Catharine S. B. Spear, praying for
an appiopriation to establish a house for depend-
ant and friendless children, to be designated a
House of Refuge for the District of Columbia,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication from the Secre-
tary of State:
To the Senate of the United States:
The Secrctaiy of State, to whom has been communicated
a resolution of u c Senate of the 12th n^taiit, in the woids
following: '•Ile$olved> That the Secretary of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Navy, of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorney General, be each directed to
inform the Senate what amount was paid or allowed in his
Department for attorneys or counsel lees of every kind and
description, exclusive of the regular salaries paid to the
Attorney General and the respective distiiet attorneys dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30,1864, and, so far as prac-
ticable, from that period to the i^t of Januaiv, 3S63. giving
a list oi the names of the persons employed, the amount
paid each, and out of what fund, and the services lor which
those fees were paid ;15 has the. honor, by permission and
under the orders of the President, to subjoin a full state-
ment in an&wer theieto.
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Mr. TRUMRULL. As I presume answers
will soon be received from the other Departments
to that resolution, and it would be desirable to
have them all printed together, I move that this
communication lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
REGENT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. COLLAMER,. The Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the resolution (S.
R. No. 91) appointing Richard Deiafield to be a
regent of the Smithsonian Institution, have in-
stiacted me to report it back and recommend its
passage; and I ask that it be put on its passage at
once, as it is desiiable to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of General Totten.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed  
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
399) amendatory of the act of August 1, 1854,
in relation to George Morell; which was read
twice by its title, aitd referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
400) to regulate the management of captured and
abandoned property in the rebel States, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 96) in relation to the treatment of
prisoners of war; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Mihtia.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
401) to amend the judicial system of the United
States; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In introducing this bill I
desire to say that I introduce it with the view
bringing the subject before the Senate and tho
country, but without being understood as com-
mitted to the particular bill. Some legislation is
needed in regard to the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States. The amount of business accumula-
ting in the Supreme Court amounts almost to ti
denial ofjustice,and some legislation isnecessary,
and will become more necessary as the business
accumulates m that court, to relieve it. This bill
is designed to change the judicial system to a
very great extent by abolishing the district courts
and substituting a circuit court, having the juris-
diction of the present district and circuit courts,
and also having an intermediate court of appeal
in each judicial circuit of the United States, As
I said, 1 do not consider myself as committed to
the bill by its introduction. It has been drawn
by another. It is an important subject; and I
move that the bill be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agteed to.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the followingreso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Received, That three thousand copies of the Navy Re-
gister for 1864 be pnnted tor the use of the Senate.
MARYLAND COLORED REGIMENTS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to send
to the Senate the oiigiuals or copies oi the rolls oi' such of
