1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to us
passage wow.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the special order bo
laid aside informally.
By unanimous consent, the special order was
laid aside, and the consideration of the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 118) to authorize surveys to
be made with a view to the construction of a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara, to deepen and
enlarge the Illinois and Michigan canal and im-
prove the navigation of the Illinois river, to im-
prove the Upper rapids and Lower or Des Moines
rapids of the Mississippi river, and to improve
the navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
resolution-read. I have not heard it yet.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment which I have not got here now, and I ask
that the resolution be laid asidefor ^w moments
that I may get the amendment.
ORDER OB' BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. While the Senator
from Ohio is preparing his amendment, I move
that the joint resolution in relation to Louisiana
be postponed to and made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr.TRUMBttLL. Ib' ipe not., The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor on that
question, and 1 presume he is ready to go on this
evening.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I make the motion
with the consent of the Senator from Kentucky.
There is a special order in which we feel a great
deal of interest for seven o'clock this evening,
made so yesterday, and I hope this postponement
will be had.
Mr. POWELL. I have been ready to go on
all day, but there is not time between now and the
hour fixed for <he recess, and the Senator ftom
Kansas has a special order for seven o'clock this
evening. I am willing that the question upon
which I have the floor shall be laid over until to-
morrow at one o*ciocksso as not to interfere with
the special order for -thi-g evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that special or-
der?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The special order for
this evening is the hill 10 organize a teriitorial
government for the Indian Territory-south of Kan-
sas, a very important bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be vrry sorry to
have this resolution lose its place. The Senator
from Kansas certainly knows its importance, and
J am a little surprised that lie should make a mo-
don to put it over. I presume the Senator ftom
Kentucky is quite ready to go on tins evening,
not at this hour, perhaps, but at seven o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly; I shall be ready
tit seven o'clock this evening, or to-morrow, or at
any other time.
Mr. TRUMBULL, If the Senator from Kan-
sas thinks this resolution had better go over un-
til to-morrow, I am not disposed to comestabout
theorderof business, and antagonize it with every
measure that come* up here;"but it seems to me
that he roust feel the importance of this Louisiana
matter much as 1. 1 tlunk w<3 had better go
on with it to-night.
Mr. DGGLITTLE. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion, and that is, that we now informally take
► op the Indian bill, and perhaps we can dispose of
(it before the recess, and let the Louisiana resolu-
tion -be the special order for seven o'clock.
.Mr. 1RUMBULL. I have no objection to
Mat. J
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand ihe Sena-
tor ftom iYisconsin to propose to act on the In-
dian bill.now/
Mr. DO.OLITTLE. If there be no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. Since it is so near the time
for the recess, | hope that will not be taken up
Slow. I wish to -call up a bill that was partly
acted upon last evening. Having arrived with i
ithe chairman of ih.e Committee on Public Lands I
sxt a conclusion in regard to the necessary amend- i
meat* to it, it will notoccupy any time now* and i
if it can be taken up i shall regard it as n great
accommodation. I have labored for two weeks '
to get it up, and I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me to call it up at this time.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I will aid the Senator in
calling it up to-morrow morning in the morning
hour; but i think the Indian bill has been pieuy
well perfected. Two or three amendments have
been suggested to me to the bill, and I have con-
sulted with Senators on the subject, and I think
it can be disposed of before the recess.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there will be no dif-
ficulty in disposing .of it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope -the Senator from
Wisconsin will give way on this occasion to the
Senator from California.
Mr. FOSTER. The Indian bill to which ref-
erence is made is a very important bill, and can
hardly be disposed of in fifteen minutes. It is a
bill which changes our whole Indian policy. It.
violates the plighted faith of the United States in
various particulars. It is a bill which, in regard
to the Indian tribes within the country that it
proposes to organize as a new Territory, will do
great injustice,and,it seems to me, will castgreat
dishonor on the United States if we pass it. it
certainly ought not to be hurried .through in ten
or fifteen minutes. It is a bill that was intro-
duced into this body on the 20th day of February,
reported on the 22d, and printed and laid on our
tables yesterday; a bill containing some foui teen
sections and some fourteen pages. I submit that
fifteen minutes is a little too short a time in which
to put a bill of that sort through the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from Wis-
consin if he will give way at present that I may
call up the bill to which I have alluded.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall notattempt to call
up my bill if there is opposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. U would require
unanimous consent at this stage of business.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the Senate bill No. 380; it
will occupy but a few minutes.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have a motion pend-
ing, and I desire to make a suggestion to the Sen-
ator from Illinois. The result will be that the
Senator from Kentucky will make his speech to-
night, and the yeas and nays will be called, and
we shall find ourselves without a quorum. I pro-
pose to make the resolution the special order for
one o'clock to-morrow, and then he can go on
with his speech, and we can take a vote and pass
this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. There will beseveial speeches
°nThe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on !
postponing the futther consideration of this joint
resolution until one o'clock to-morrow, and mak-
ing it the special order for that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am now prepared to sub-
mit my amendment to the joint iesolution winch
was under consideration a few moments ago, and
was laid aside at my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not up;
the question before the Senate is on the joint res-
olution in regard to the recognition of the State
government of Louisiana.
Mr. FOSTER. If the resolution in regard to
the State of Louisiana is postponed, I hope the
bankrupt bill will take its place, it is a bill which
for a long time I have been watching for a reason-
able opportunity to bring to the notice of the Sen-
ate; arid if the joint resolution in relation to Lou-
isiana is postponed,! shall certainly take therisk,
at all events, ofantagonizingit with any question
that i know of which can be brought up against
it, and I hope that if the Louisiana question is
postponed, it will be for the purpose of taking up
the bankrupt bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kansas to
postpone Senate joint resolution No. 117 until to-
morrow at one o'clock, and make it-the special
order for that hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope that motion will
not prevail. The Senator from Illinois is totally
opposed to it. He says he is opposed to all spe-
cial 01 ders; he has told us so over and over again *
and I am sure the Senate will not offend the Sen-
ator from Illinois by adopting this motion. 1
hope that the resolution will be postponed until
to-tTiortow, or the day after to-inorrow, or next
week,or next year, but without making it a spe-
cial order.
Air. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy to
agree with my friend ftom Michigan. I shall
vote with him against postponing this iesolution
until to-morrow and making it the special otder
at that time. I think it very important to ha vi- ac-
tion upon this Louisiana matter. I have so gtnti-U
several times to the Senate. If it shall go over
until to-nioirow, I am apprehensive that some-
thing then will interfere with it and we shall g(;i
no action. We have been crowded outof to-day,
and I think now that we have got it up we had
best hold to it. I have been spoken to by mem-
bers of the Senate who have said to me that if it
goes by we shall never get action in the Louisi-
ana case. We are diawing toward ihe close of
the session, and I think it best when it is in order
as it is now before us, to hold on to it. 1 am
willing to let it be informally laid aside and pro-
ceed to the joint resolution referred to by the Sen-
ator from Ohio; but I am not willing that it shall
lose its placi; and I hope the Senate will not
agree to the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SUMN ER. If we are to make any special
order for to-inonow I think it should be the bill
which the Senate has most maturely considered,
and on which it is most prepared to vote. That
is the bill known es the railroad bill, in charge of
my fiicnd from Michigan. The Senator Irom
Illinois came forwaid with his measure 
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit me
—I know he will—to appeal to him not to waste
the fifteen minutes we have left in discussing the
order of business, but let us take a vote .' I have
been ground out between harder substances than
I am composed of here a dozen times, and I am
trying to call una bill of great consequence to my
people which will not occupy five minutes.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Sumner.) Give up.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say "Give up."
That is not my habit.
Mr. CONNESS. We know that. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
from Massachusetts permit me to withdraw my
motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Indian bill
is the special order for this evening.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to understand
the order of business. I daresay there are many
Senators who would be interested in the Indian
bill 
Air. CONNESS. I appeal to my friend not to
consume our lime in this way.
-Mr. SUMNER. If the motion is withdrawn,
I have nothing further to say.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, i withdiaw the mo-
tion.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 380.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lf't it be taken up by
unanimous consent, so as not to displace the reg-
ular order.
Mr. CONNESS. f ask unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us finish the n&atter we
have in hand. I delayed the Senate by sending
for an amendment.
| Mr. WI LSON. To accommodate the Senator
; from California, I will let Hie resolution Keferred
to by the Senator from Ohio go over uruii after
dinner.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very much obliged to
the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to take ap in-
formally the bill he has indicated. The Chair
hears no objection.
TOWN LOTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee- &f the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. jYfr.380)
to give title to the occupants of lots in cities-
towns in the State of California.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The Chnirumftt-
stands the question pending to be on an amend'-
ment of the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlaw.]?
to the amendment reported by the Committee om
Public Lands. '
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment. I am content with one which will!
be proposed by the Senator from California.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe I had the honor
of submitting an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That fell with the-.
