1865.
THE COKGltESSlbtfAL GLdBE.
1%59
withdrawal of the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
MrtfrHENDRICKS. I supposed the question
would come up on my amendment when he with-
drew his.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me state to the Senator
from Indiana that the amendment I am now about
to offer is one prepared by the Senator from Iowa,
which will, in all probability, meet the whole case
that the Senator from Indiana wants to provide
for. I move to insert,after the word " interior "
in the twelfth line of the second section of the
amendment of the committee, the words:
Provided, That the minimum price of each of said lots,
in any such town, winch may contain a greater number of
square feet than the maximum named in tile act to which
this is an amendment, bhaH be increased to such reason-
able amount as the Secretary or the Interior may by uiie
establish.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, further, to amend
the amendment by inserting the word "further"
after " provided," in line twelve of section two.
it is a mere verbal amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
wiil be made without a vote.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
tsms ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed. Its title;
way amended to read: " A bill supplemental to
the act approved July 1,1864, for the disposal of
coal lands and of town property in the public
donaaSn
CANAL SURVEYS.
Mr, FOSTER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bankrupt bill.
We can just retid it through before the recess.
Me. WILSON. I desire now to take up the
joint resolution which I consented to lay over."
Mr. FOSTER. My motion is to proceed with
the bankrupt bill.
The YiCE PRESIDENT. That cannot be
n8o«ne without the consent of the Senator from
Kentucky., who isentitled to the floor on the ques-
tion bctoie the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
Mr. WILSGN. I should like to pass the reso-
lution which was taken up on my motion.
The YICE PRESIDENT. -The joint resolu-
tion in relation to Louisiana is properly before
live Senate, and upon that the Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor, and no Senator can
mr/c to postpone it without his consent.
Mr. WIL'SGN. I ask the consent of the Sen-
att&r from Kentucky to put this joint resolution
<m -its passage.
Mr. POWELL. I yield for that purpose.
By unanimous consent, the Senate resumed the
consideration ef the joint resolution (S. II. No.
to autho-rizesurveys to be made with a view
toithe construction of a ship-canal around the falls
of Kiagora. to .deepen and enlarge the Illinois and
Michigan canal, and improve the navigation of
thelllinois river,, to improve the Upper rapids and
Ltf.wer or Moines rapids of the Mississippi
rwer, and to improve the navigation of the Fox
ami Wisconsin rivers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I offer my amend-
infant as an additional section:
J&tul he it further resolved, That the Piesiderit be, and he
is hereby, authorized to appoint a commission, confuting
of three competent.officers of the Navy and two competent
0lfi.eers ot the Engineer corps o( the Army, to examine the
different ports and Usirbon? ot the northern and noithwestern
ktkwi, and upon the navigable rivers connecting the same,
Avtth .a -view >to the establishment of one or more navy-
vyaub- or naval d^psts on said lakes and water*, according
.to.the public "exigencies; and that said commissioners re-
jpmtiio Congress on the first Monday m December next.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will adopt
rtV.ftt amendment of my friend from Ohio, i think
rthe time has coeie when there should bean at-
uempt made to .establish a naval depot on those
western waters.
HJSNDR1CKS. 1 think that question has
"been before the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
imy .impression isa though 1 am not sure about it,
■ Chat the chairman of that committee is not favor-
able to the proposition. I do not see him in the
Senate, and I would desire that he should be pres-
ent .when it is acted upon. The amendment is not
..necessarily connected with the joint resolution.
*3tjUe tfesolutiojj is in relation to surveys for ship-
canals; the amendment is in regard to a navy-
yard or naval depot.
Mr. SHERMAN. It all involves the same
general question j>s to naval defenses on the lakes.
1 have no interest in the matter, and really do not
know how I shall vote on the resolution itself;
but [ am willing to get full information on the
whole subject. I do not think the Senator from
Iowa can be opnosed to a simple inquiry by a
•commission. The proposition which I have of-
fered has already passed the House of Represent-
atives, I think unanimously, without objection,
as a separate measure. 1 see no objection to it.
It costs nothing because the officers of the Navy
are already in the public service, and they will
simply he detailed to make this examination.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the question belongs
to the Naval Committee. However, I have sug-
gested all that I desire on this subject; it is for
the Senate to decide.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third leading, and was read the
thu d time, and passed, its title was amended by
adding the words " and for other purposes."
AltMY PAY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 419) for the better organization of the
pay department of the United States Army, have
directed me to report it back and recommend its
passage, and I ask for its consideration now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have no time to pass
that now before half past four o'clock, and at
seven o'clock the Senator from Kentucky will be
entitled to the floor on the Louisiana question, as
I understand, notwithstanding the recess.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. He will be, because
that resolution is the unfinished business before
tho Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the consideration of the bill re-
ported by the Senator from Rhode Island.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, but
before concluding the reading, (the hour ol half
past four o'clock having arrived,) the Senate took
a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of
Washington city, District of Columbia, praying
for the establishment of a house of refuge or
reform school for juvenile offenders; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a memorial of Joel
Parker, Governor of New Jersey, and others,
appointed commissioners to sell scrip donated by
Congress for the establishment of an agricultural
college in New Jersey, praying that the restric-
tion on the location of said scrip may be removed;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER# (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) At the time the Senate took a re-
cess the Secretary was reading a biii which had
been taken up on motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mi. Spraguc,] and he will con-
tinue the reading of that bill unless there be objec-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, with the consent of
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] who
is entitled to the floor on the regular order of
business, to take up the Senate bill No. 465,
which is simply to create the office of Solicitor
and Judge Ad vocate General of the Navy Depart-
ment, to which theie will be no objection.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I usk the indulgence of the
Senate to complete the consideration of the bill
which was taken up on my motion just before
the recess. It will take no time of the Senate,
and there will be no opposition to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution (S. II. No. 1X7) to recognize the State
governmentof Louisiana is the business regulaily
before the Senate, and upon that question the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] is entitled
to the floor.  \nd no oth«r business can be enter-
tained except by unanimous consent aq<|'wit,h
his permission. ■ - :
Mr. POWELL. I will give way;
Mr. SPRAGUE. TheSenator from Kentucky
gives way for this bill. v : '
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator refer to the
paymasters'bill which was up before the recess?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir:
Mr. GRIMES. That will be debated.
Mr. SPRAGllE. I think not.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it will be.
Mr. SPRAGOE. I think there will be no ob-
jection to it with an amendment that 1 intend to
propose to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I thought there was a special
order fixed for seven o'clock.this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of the session takes precedence of the
special order; and the unfinished business is Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 117, upon which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor, and
anything done must be done with his consent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to submit a report from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill
receive the repoit, if there be no objection.
RIGHT OV WAY TO PACIFIC XtAIUtOA&.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am directed Ivy the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. No. 120) to author-
ize the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, to acquire cei lain right of way and land
from the incompetent Wyandotte Indians, to re-
port it without amendment, and 1 ask for its
present consideration. It will provoke no dis-
cussion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The PRESIDING O'FFICER. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered .
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution of the
Senator from Kansas, provided it will not take
precedence of my bin.
Mr. LANE, uf Kansas. It will take but a
minute to dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tins whole
proceeding is irregular and out of order, and no
business can be done except the regular order,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the joint reso-
lution which I have reported.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall object, if it takes
precedence of the bill that was before the Senate
when the recess was taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will take
the place of it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then I object, and I trust
we shall go on with that bill.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask the Senat© to
be good enough to take up the House biIk.No.
307, to regulate commerce among the StnteSj and
make it the special order for to-morrow evening
at seven o'clock. There are two Senators who
desire to address the Senate upon it,
Mr. SPRAGUE. Makeiteleven o'cteok, and
I will agree to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I prefer seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tke motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts can only be.
entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to make it the spe-
cial order for to-morrow evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot tell what our
situation to-morrow evening will be. Let us wait
until to-morrow evening comes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BXI*lu
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate pro^
ceeded to consider the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 676) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th June,
18G6, and insisted on the amendments disagreed
to by the House, and non-concurred in theamend-
ments of the House to other amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the conference asked by the
