294
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
joint resolution to authorize and direct an inven-
tory of articles in the quartermasters' depots of
the United States, and in the offices of the naval
storekeepers of the United States."
QUOTAS OF THE STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up a res-
olution introduced the other day by the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Riddle] and reported yes-
terday by the Military Committee with an amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by
Mr. Riddle on the 13th instant, calling for a state-
ment of the number of soldiers and sailors fur-
nished by the several loyal States under the Presi-
dent's call of July 18, 1864.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia was to strikeout all of the
resolution after the word " resolved," and to insert
in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of War bo directed to inform the Sen-
ate what number of soldiers and sailors, staling cach sepa-
rately, the several States and Territories, and flic District
of Columbia, have furnished the Army and Navy under
all the calls heretofore made, setting forth the number de-
manded and the number furnished under each call.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to add, "and the
time for which the same were enlisted."
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until two weeks
from to-day. My purpose in making the motion
is to obtain if possible an answer to an inquiry
addressed to the Secretary of War a few days
ago by the Senate, attempting to elicit from him
some information as to the principle and manner
in which naval credits were allowed. Itwill be ob-
served,on reading this resolution, that it calls on
the Secretary of War to state the number of naval
recruits, as well as soldiers, that have been credited
upon the military quotas of the different States.
I think the fact will be developed by the return
that will be sent to the Senate from the Secretary
of War to the other call to which 1 have alluded,
that these naval crcdits have been very unjustly
distributed. I understand it to be a fact that it
"was decided at the War Department, by the offi-
cer who had charge of that subject, that the cred-
its should be allowed to the location where the
person was recruited, unless some other locality
should intervene and show that those credits ought
to belong to that other locality. For example, a
receiving-ship is stationed in the harbor of New
York or Boston, and it is the only place where
in either of the'States of New York or Massa-
chusetts enlistments can be made. There may be
ten thousand men recruited in Boston and fifteen
thousand in the city of New York, and under the
interpretation that was given to the law by the
officers in the War Department, all those men
would be credited to the locality where that receiv-
ing-ship was, the ten thousand to Boston and the
fifteen thousand toNew York, though they might
have come from tl.ie outlying townships. It thus
threw the burden of proof on those outlying town-
ships where the men actually resided to show
that those individuals did reside there, and were
not citizens of the place where the enlistments
were made. They were from interior States also,
for, as is known to everybody who is familiar
with the sailois of the country, very many of
them were from such States as Vermont and New
Hampshire, who went in their youth to the sea
and have followed that as a profession. When
they come hack from a cruise they are landed m
Boston, and in the course of a few weeks they
are recruited into the Navy of the United States
at Boston, not giving the place of their residence,
and they are not enrolled on the enlistment rolls
of MassachusettsorofBoston. They are returned
to the Navy Department here ashaving been born
in Vermont, but the fact that they were born there
is not taken as any criterion by the War Depart-
ment that they should be credited to Vermont,
but they are credited to the place where they en-
list. This is all unfair; it is exceedingly unjust.
There have been thirty thousand men, ( under-
take to say, credited to particular localities, who
were not citizens of those localities, who were
not entered upon the enlistment roll of the dis-
tricts to which ihey have been credited, and w!-o
ought not therefore to have been credited to those
localities.
As an example, we have a navy-yard at Kit-
tery. It is sometimes called the ICittery yard,
and sometimes called the Portsmouth yard. The
yard itself is on the Maine side of the Piscataqua
river; the town where the people live and where
nearly all the business is done is in New Hamp-
shire; and therefore,under this interpretation, the
men recruited at that naval rendezvous are cred-
ited to Maine. If any of them belong to any of
the townships of New Hampshire, they cannot
be credited under this rule established by the War
Department, as I understand the rule, to those
townships, unless the selectmen or the parties in
the different townships of New Hampshire who
have that subject in charge go to the provost
marshals and to the War Department and show
that those specific credits ought to be allowed to
them. That is not fair. The burden of proof
ought not to have been thrown upon these local-
ities in the country, but should have rested upon
the large cities where the credits are allowed.
In order to have a thorough understanding of
this subject, and that there shall be no document
published by the authority of the Senate in rela-
tion to these Army and Navy recruits that is not
truthful, that will not convey the exactly correct
impression to the country in regard to where they
came from and where tfiey ought to be credited,
I want this resolution postponed for a couple of
weeks so that we may in the mean time get an
answer from the Secretary of War to the resolu-
tion to which I have referred.
Mr. WILSON. 1 shall not oppose the post-
ponement suggested by the Senator fiom Iowa. I
have no desire to have a report made here which
does not show the prccisc and exact facts. If any
improper rule has been adopted at the War De-
partment, if it can be corrected, I hope we shall
correct K. In passing the act allowing the differ-
ent localities credits for the sailors furnished to
the Navy, our object was to do justice to all lo-
calities, sections, and States. If, in the adminis-
tration of that act, anything has been done which
is not right, I hope it will be corrected, if it can
be corrected. I suppose that in raising these
Hoops injustice is done to localities and will con-
tinue to be done.
I do not know that there is any special haste for
getting this information, and therefore I shall not
oppose the postponement. The Senator from
Delaware introduced the proposition, confining it
simply to one call. It was thought by the com-
mittee that it was best to have the information as
to all the calls, and then we should have all the
facts before us; and the amendment was made for
that purpose. 1 do not think the Senator from
Delaware will lose anything by having the matter
go over for a couple of weeks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to post-
pone the further consideration of this resolution
for two weeks.
The motion was agreed to.
DEPOT AND FlSItRY RAILWAY COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (H.R.
No. 186) to incorporate the Baltimore and Wash-
ington Depot and Potomac Ferry Railway Com-
pany was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The route of the proposed railway is
from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company's
depot on New Jersey avenue in Washington, Dis-
tnctof Columbia, through C street to Sixth street,
along Sixth street to Missouri avenue, along Mis-
souri avenue to Four-and-a-half street, along
Four-and-a-half street to N street, along N street
to the Potomac river or Sixth street, and also
along Four-and-a-half street to P street, and along
P street to the river.
The first amendment of the Committee on the
District of Columbia was in section one, lines
twenty and twenty-one, to strike out the words
u to be built under the supervision of the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey," and in lieu of
them to insert, " the outer or channel line of said
wharf to be subject to the approval of the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" thereon," in line four of section nine, to insert
"at least once in every fifteen minutes between
six o'clock, a. m., and ten o'clock, p. m., of each
day, and;" so as to make the clause read:
That t-aid company shall place first-class cars on said
railroad, with all the modern improvements for the con-
venience of passengers, and shall lun cars thereon at least
once in every fifteen minutes between six o'clock, a. m.,
and ten o'clock, p. m., cach day, and upon the arrival of
the regular steamboats plying between Sixth street wharf
and Alexandria, and upon the arrival ot passenger trains
upon the Baltimore load, and oftener.as public convenience
may require.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, to
come in at the end of section twenty-one:
Prodded, That no person shall be excluded from any car
on account of color.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say a single word in
regard to this, simply as to the position of the
Senate upon this class of provisions. This gen-
eral provision applies to one of the roads, the last
road chartered, the F street road, so called; it is
specifically a portion of their charter; it does not
apply to the road on the avenue; but as the sense
of the Senate has seemed to be to subject all the
roads to this general provision, as that has seemed
to be the general judgment of the Senate, I, of
course, have no objection to the same rule being
applied to this bill, and therefore 1 make no ob-
jection to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 24, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biown, Clark, Oollnmer, Con-
ness, Dixon, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Harris, Hen-
derson, Ilicks, Howard, Howe, Moigan, Moirill, itam-
sry, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Van Winkle, YViliey, and
Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Hendiicks, Powell, Richardson,
Riddle, and Satilsbmy—6.
AJJSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Cowan,
Doolittle, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Johnson, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, McDougali, Ne&mith, Pomeioy, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in section one the following words
from line nineteen to line twenty-four:
With the right to construct a wharf into said river the
width of said F street, to be built under the supervision of
the Superintendent of the Coast Smvey, and so as not. to
interfere with navigation of the Potomac liver ; and tlie Uf*«
and maintenance of said wharf shall be subject to the mu-
nicipal regulations of the city of Washington.
The mayor of the city informed me at the close
of the last session that this was conferring on the
proposed corporation a very valuable property
privilege, giving them a wharf privilege equiva-
lent to one hundred feet wide,extending out into
the Potomac river a good way ai\d impairing the
value of the adjoining property, and was worth,
he said, a very large sum of money. I will
scarcely venture to quote the sum, because it may
have been an exaggeration. The right is to be
conferred upon this company without expense,
without costto them, without benefit either to the
Government or to the city. In the city of New
York such a wharf privilege would be worth half
a million dollars, and 1 have no doubt that it is
worth a very large sum here. Such a privilege
as that, unless there is some good reason for con-
ferring it, it seems to me ought to be withheld.
It is an injury to the adjoining proprietors, the
property holders having a right to the wharf privi-
leges on the north and south side of P street; but
this would confer the exclusive privilege of this
company to the whole of all P street so that no
one could land at the foot of P street without their
consent, as it was represented to me. They can
build up the whole space of P street running into
the river, and the privilege is in its nature exclu-
sive.
That was the statement made to me by the
mayor of the city, who is a very respectable
gentleman, and who is looking for the inteiests
of the^ity; and it struck me that the privilege
ought not to be granted. The right of the rail-
road company to construct their buildings, &c.,
on their own land is properly given; I hope the
whole city will be covered with street railroads;
but when you propose to give them the property
of the Government or the property of the city,
and to convert the streets of the city into exclu-
sive privileges for building wharves and landings,
a very different question arises. This corpora-
tion, when they build their road, may purchase
the property on either side of P street, and erect
the necessary buildings, and may run them out
just as any other individual would be able to do;
but to give them the right to construct their build-
ings on the Btreets it seems to me, is conferring
