1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out the contract they have made that this joint res-
olution is offered. They, however, 1 desire to say
to the Senator from Connecticut, are as well qual-
ified to transact their own business as he or I.
Mr. FOSTER. The " incompetent Wyandotte
Indians" then, as I understand, are perfectly
competent. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Except in this legal,
technical sense.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I" certainly do
not wish to treat this matter with any levity. 1
suppose that these Indians are destined to lose
all their lands,and to be exterminated; butitdid
seem to me that there was at least a little decency
to be observed in pursuing these Indians to their
last ditch. If we are'to take away the rights of
those who are deemed incompetent by a resolu-
tion here that is read and really unnoticed by any-
body, it seems that I was mistaken in my appre-
hension. I'certainly do not wish to stand in the
way of this legislation if it is deemed proper. If
it is satisfactory to other Senators I certainly will
not oppose it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there a report from the com-
mittee in this cage?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is no report accompanying
the resolution.^
Mr. HARLAN. I am not willing that this
resolution shall pass after the statements that
have been made by the Senator from Connecticut,
without looking into it personally, as I am a
member of the committee that usually has charge
of that business. I suppose the Senator from
Kansas has satisfied himself that it is all right;
but it has not been considered in the committee
formally. I know the Senator from Kansas has
the consent of the members of the committee to
report it to the Senate; but the Senator from Con-
necticut doubtless has looked into the subject
somewhat, or he would not make the grave state-
ments that he has made here to-night; and there-
fore I ask that the resolution lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. I have not looked at it, and H
was because I knew nothing about it that I made
the inquiry.'
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection
to its going over; but I desire to say that this
road passes through the lands of the Wyandotte
Indians, and this joint resolution is intended to
cover the right of way and depot grounds that
they have already deeded. That is all there is
in it. Instead of being a disadvantage to the In-
dians, it will be a very great advantage to them.
Mr. COWAN. Are these Indians within the
State of Kansas and within her jurisdiction ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. Are there no courts to protect
them in the exercise of their rights in dealing with
this company ? Cannot they convey the land
through the medium of the courts there?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir; that is what
I undertook to state to the Senator from Connec-
ticut.
Mr. COWAN. Does this resolution confer
the power on the courts, or does it confer it ab-
solutely from here?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Secretary of the
Interior is to grant the patent.
Mr. COWAN. I would rather that it should
be given to the courts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the resolution will
go over until to-morrow, in order to explain this
matter to the Senator from Connecticut and the
Senator from Iowa, as to who are competent or
incompetent Indians under the treaty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This resolu-
tion was considered by unanimous consent, and
objection being made, it will lie over until to-
morrow.
v
of thf
STATE GOVERNMENT OE LOUISIANA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
joint resolution (S. R.No. 117) recognizing the
government of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, fyc,, Tliat the United States do hereby recog-
itize the government of the State of Louisiana, inaugurated
under and by the convention which assembled on the 6th
day of April, A*l>. 1864,at the city of New Orleans, as the
legitimate government of said State, entitled to the guar-
antee and all other rights ot a State government under the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, at all times
I regret to differ with my colleagues of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and particularly do 1
regret it when I differ from themupOn a question
of such grave importance qs the one now under
consideration. Being the only member of the com-
mittee that was opposed to the resolution, I feel it
my duty inavery brief mannerto state to theSen-
ate the reasons why I cannot support it. The chief
objectin recognizing the State governmentofLou-
isiana at this time is to allow that State to vote for
the proposed amendment to the Constitution ofthe
United States, and to do that effectually the friends
of the resolution desire first to admit Senators
and Representatives from that State. The admis-
sion ofSenatorsand Representatives from Louisi-
ana will be the immediate result of the passage of
the resolution.
The resolution under consideration proposes
to recognize as the legitimate State government
of Louisiana the government formed by the con-
vention that assembled in New Orleans on the 6th
day of April, 3864. In order to come to a just
and correct conclusion uponthequestionatissue
we must be informed of the action of the people
of Louisiana, ofthe President ofthe United States,
and of the military, in connection with this sub-
ject. I have no hesitancy in saying there is no
Senator in this Chamber who would be more
rejoiced than myself if the people of Louisiana
were to cease their hostility to the Government
and return to the Union and elect members to
this body and the other House, and ask fortheir
admission. But, sir, believing as 1 do that the
government that is proposed to be recognized by
this resolution is not a govenwnent formed by the
people of Louisiana, I oppose it. It may be,
and I dare say it is true, that some gentlemen
who oppose this resolution do it for reasons that
do not animate me. There are some, I dare say,
who believe that Louisiana is out of the Union.
1 am not one of those. With the permission of
the Senate I will read a very brief extract from a
speech I made on the 2d day of this mouth, in
which I alluded to that subject:
" I believe that the States in revolt are still Statesof the
Union. I believe they are notoutof the Union. I believe,
furthermore, that when they choose to lay down their arms
and to elect officers of their State governments who ac-
knowledge this Government, and to send members to the
House of Representatives, and Senators to this Chamber,
they have the right to do so, and I believe that they ought
to be permitted to do so. While I say that, I know of course
that each House is the judge of the qualifications of its
members, and each House is to judge for itself whether the
resistance to the Government in any State lias sufficiently
ceased to entitle it to representation here, and hence it is
that each case must stand upon its own merits as it is pre-
sented here. For myself, I would vote to-morrow to re-
ceive Senators in this Hall from every State that is in re-
volt, provided I believed that a majority of the people of
those States, unavved by the military power, uninfluenced
by any outward force, of their own good will, in the exer-
cise of their own volition, had in good faith elected those
men in the way prescribed by their constitution and laws."
Something approximating a majority of the
people of the State should indicate a willingness
to return to the Union, and should participate in
the movement of reorganization.
And further, I remarked:
"Believing that these States are States in the Union,
that they are not out of the Union, whcnevei a majoiityof
the people in either one of these States shall of their own
fiee will cease to resist the authorities and Government of
the United States, and shall elect of their own Ace will
Senators and Representatives to Congress, I will only in-
quire as to the fact whether they have ceased their resist-
ance and whether a majority of the people have determined
to be loyal to the Conatiumon and Government of the Uni-
ted States; and that fact being established so as to leave
no doubt upon my nund, I would then be ready to admit
their Representatives as our equals here."
I still adhere to the position taken then. It
wbuld afford me great pleasure to admit upon
this floor Representatives from Louisiana and to
recognize in every way in which it was possible
for me to do so the organization of the State
governmentof Louisiana, provided I believed the
loyal people there of their own free will had
formed the government and had elected their
Representatives. But, Mr. President, as I have
before stated, I do not believe that the loyal peo-
ple of Louisiana, of their own free will, uninflu-
enced by the military power, formed the govern-
ment which it is now proposed to recognize. I
believe that the formation of that government was
controlled and influenced by others; and that those
persons who exercised absolute, control' in this
matter were not citizpns of Lmiisianai > Jit is a
government formed really and virtually, by the :
military power of the United Statespusir^as in-
struments delegates.who were elected under and -
by force of the bayonet. i
Senators, before they can vote for tjhks readta*"
tion, must maintain the doctrine contain,ed;jnthe i
President's proclamation of the 8th of December'^ •
1863, when ne proposed that one tenth of theloyal ;
voters of a State who would comply with thecjOfi-
ditions set forth in his proclamation should form
a Stategovernment. They must further maintain
that the Presidentof the United States of hig^wn *
volition has power by decretal ohler to alter the
constitution of a State. They must maintain fur- "
ther that the President of the United States 4ia 
the power to prescribe the qualifications of voters  
and the qualifications of candidates for office in •
the States. They must further believe not only
thatthePresident possesses those powers, butthat
Major General Banks possessed those powers in
the State of Louisiana by virtue of his office as
major general of the army commanding in that
district. I will show you, sir,beyond the possi-
bility of a doubt that the people of Louisiana
who cooperated in forming this Stategovernment
did not act of theirown free volition, but they wore ,
coerced to do what they did. I wil) ehow you
that the constitutor) formed and presented hei#,
nnd which, it is said, is the fundamental la,w ofthe
State of Louisiana, was not a constitution made
by'the free suffrages of the people of that State.
The creation of a State government is a purely
civil act, and has no connection with militaiy or
martial law. The people must ac,t without re-
straint. I suppose there is no Senator here who
will deny that proposition. AH those who admit
that the formation of a State government is a
purely civil act, and that the military authorities
have no right to control it in any way whatever,
must if they are consistent vote to reject the res-
olution proposed by the Judiciary Committee.
1 have heard the proclamation tliAi accompanied
the President's annual message on the 8th of De-
cember, 1863, commented on in this Chamber by
numerous Senators, and 1 have heard no Senator
maintain that the President could legitimately ex-
ercise the power he has assume<j*in that procla-
mation. The President in that proclamation, the
Senate will remember, proposes if one tenth of
the qualified voters of a State in revolt shall take,
the oath prescribed in the proclamation, and shall
proceed to form a State government, to1 recognize
that State government. Sir,'what is that oath?
Let us look at it for a moment. 'It1 is in these,
words:
<CI,    , do solemnly swear, in presence of Al-
mighty God, that I will henceforth faithfully support, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of theUnited States, and
the union ofthe States thereunder; and that I will, in like
manner, abide by and faithfully support all acts of Con-*
gress passed during the existing rebellion with reference'
to slaves, so long and so far as not repeated, tnodified", or
hold void by Congress, or by decision of the Supreme
Court; and that 1 will, in like manner, abide by and faith-
fully suppott all proclamations of the Presidentjnade dur-
ing the existing rebellion having reference to slaves, so
long and so far as not modified or declared Void by decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. So help me God.>} " "
The taking of that oath was a condition prece- ,
dent to becoming a qualified elector in one of
these revolted States.' The first part of that oath
is not objectionable; but that portion of it which
provides that a man shall swear to support all
the proclamations of the President Of the United
States on (He subject of slavery, and all the proc-
lamations that he may hereafter make on that
subject, is certainly a most odious feature; it is
certainly most degrading to any man who takes
it. I hold that no man who is a free man and
understands all^f his civil and political rights
would so prostitute iflftfiseif as to take that oath.
The President not only requires him to swear
that he will support the proclamations that have
been made on the subject of slavery, but that he
will support those hereafter to be made. What
man who has proper self-respect will swear that
he will support all the proclamations that any Ex-1
ecutive may make in the future upon any given,
subject? Why, sir, the President may proclaim
that the negro shall be the master and the whitfe
man the slave; that the negro shall be the voter
and the white man deprived of the "right df suf-
frage; and yet this oath requires the man talcing
it to swear in advance that he would support
