296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
strenuously that the bill might be passed a3 it
stands before us; so that if there is any fair rep-
resentation of the public sentiment before this
body it seems to me to be in favor of the passage
of the bill, rather than against it, although the
official head of the city did protest against it.
If any one will go down to P street and see what
facilities.the city, who profess to own all these
riparian rights, have furnished Jor the commerce
of this city, I think he will agree with me that it
is time Congress should interfere and allow pri-
vate corporations to build some sort of wharves
in order to promote the commerce of this city.
Because something of this character has not hith-
erto been done nearly all the commerce of this
city has been carried on with the northern ports
of the Republic, and with the southern, too, be-
fore the commencement of this rebellion, from and
through Georgetown; and to-day the packet lines
that run between the Potomac river from this vi-
cinity to New York and Baston and Philadelphia
make all their landings at Georgetown. Why?
Beaause the city government has not availed it-
self of its privilege to establish wharves and fur-
nish the proper commercial facilities for the trans-
action of that business, or because Congress has
not seen fit to grant to private individuals pre-
cisely the same rights which the Senator from
Maine proposes to confcr upon this corporation
to enable them to build wharves in the future.
It soems to me that there is nothing clearer than
that the best interests of the city require that if
the city itself will not build wharves we should
confer that authority upon somebody else who
will furnish commercial facilities. As to the ri-
valry between these competing lines, I am in favor
ofgivingthem all the privilege of building wharves,
so that the one docs not interfere with the other.
Mr, SHERMAN. I will ask my friend from
Iowa, before he gets through his remarks, is there
any law in the city of Washington or any net of
Congress that prevents any individual from build-
ing a wharf on his own land?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand that any-
body owns this land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean the land of a pri-
vate individual abutting on the Potomac.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] can probably say whether there
has been any decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States on that subject; whether the
person who owns land adjacent to the Potomac
owns into the stream or not; but if the construc-
tion that has been given by Judge McLean, and
by some other eminent jurists, to a case somewhat
similar to this prevails, then it is not true that
individuals who own the real estato adjacent to
and abreast of a street own into the river. 1 be-
lieve there was a case of that kind somewhat
similar to this decided in the city of Detroit. The
Senator from Maryland can inform tlie Senate on
that subject, for I do not profess to be a lawyer,
and he is an eminent one; but I do not think that
any individuals own into the river under the con-
struction of the judicial tribunals. 1 believe that
all that property belongs to the United States
where the United States was first the original pro-
prietor and conveyed the lot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] moves to amend the bill by striking out a
certain clause Which has been read. The Sena-
tor from Iowa moves to amend that clause, by
way of perfecting it before the vote is taken on
striking out. The question will first be taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to in-
sert after the word "river" the words " or of
the use of the street abutting upon said river."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand that the Senator from Ohio, or any other
Senator, entertains any doubt that Congress can
grant the privilege proposed to be granted bythe
words which he suggests shall be stricken out;
but he tells us that those words will confer a very
valuable property upon this company. He ob-
jects to it upon the ground that it is too valuable
a property to be transferred at all by the Govern-
ment to the company unless they pay for it.
In the first place, it is necessary to see what is
the meaning of the words proposed to be stricken
out. The bill authorizes this company to make
a railroad from a certain point until it gets to Fous-
and-a-half street, and then to run north to the
Potomac river or to Sixth street, with the priv-
ilege of continuing the said roads along Four-and-
a-half street to P street, and along P street to the
Potomac river. I do notunderstand the Senator
from Ohio to object to that. Under that author-
ity the road maybe constructed and is to be con-
structed to the river. After getting the road to
the river, a measure which the bill supposes will
be beneficial to the public, what should next be
done? Ought they not to be able in some way
or other to get all the trade that comes up the
river or down the river or across the river to their
railroad? They run down to the river for the
very purpose of getting such trade, either traffic
in passengers or traffic in merchandise. The very
purpose of the bill, therefore, is to get in some
way that business. How is it to be done unless
somebody makes a wharf at which the passenger
can land who comes either up or down or across
the river, or on which property which seeks its
transportation upon the railroad can be landed?
My friend from Ohio suggests that it is a privi-
lege. Certainly it is a privilege; but it is not a
privilege that we ought to grant if we think—and
the bill goes upon that presumption,and toacer-
tain extent that presumption is admitted by a cor-
rect presumption—that the improvement will be
a valuable one.
That being the object of the bill—the public
benefit—what is the additional privilege which
is proposed to be stricken out? It is not the right
to run their railroad to the river, and cross it if it
be necessary to cross it, or running along P street
until they come to the terminus of'P street on the
river, but it is to build into the river a wharf; and
what is proposed to be given, as my friend from
Ohio supposes, as exclusive property to this cor-
poration is the wharf which is to be built in the
river. Whose property is the bed of the river?
It is not the property of the city of Washington.
It never was iheir property since the Constitution
of the United States was adopted. It never was
the property of the individual owners who had
held the land, of which P street constitutes apart,
by patents from the original owner.
The doctrine referred to by my friend from
Ohio, that each ripanan proprietor is authorized
to go to the thread of the stream, is applicable to
streams not navigable. The moment you come
to a navigable stream it comes within the opera-
tion of the Constitution of the United States which
gives to Congress the exclusive light to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and between the
States. It is subject exclusively to the control of
Congress; and nobody, therefore, whether indi-
vidual proprietor or corporation proprietor, (for
the corporation of Washington is precisely in
the condition of an individual proprietor,) has a
right to build in the river without the authority
of Congress, to whom the whole navigation of
the river is intrusted. They are to decide what, if
anything is proposed to be done, will interfere
with that navigation. In all the States where the
cities have improved upon navigable streams, 110
one has been permitted to build into the naviga-
ble stream without the consentof the Legislature.
The mistake, therefore, into which I think my
friend from Ohio has fallen is in confounding
unnavigable with navigable streams. While the
-one is private property and the bed of the stream
belongs exclusively to the riparian proprietors m
equal moiety, each having the right to go to the
thread of the stream, it is not true in relation to a
navigable stream;for no individual proprietor who
owns land upon a navigable stream, sincc the Con-
stitution of the United States was adopted, has a
right to go into the river at all without the con-
sent of the sovereign, wherever that sovereignty
may be.
In order to make the improvement a valuable
one, if we are to have a place at which passen-
gers are to land who may want to go upon this
railroad, and where freight is to be deposited for
the purpose of being transported upon this rail-
road, we must have some place at which they are
to land, and 011 which the freight is to be depos-
ited. You only want to put thatupon the stream.
If you put it upon the street, you stop up that
highway, and unless you mean to say to this
company, "You shall not carry on the business
you are chartered to carry on," you would give
to them necessarily the privilege of blocking up
P street as far as the passengers who may be con-
nected with the transportation upon their railroad
and the freight that they may want to car'f^ aie I
concerned. They may pile their barrels, pile their
produce of every description, pile their lumber so
as entirely to obstruct the passage up and down
P street. That we do not want; but we want
some place where the passengers and the freight
may be landed. Passengers must land some-
where before they can get into the cars, or they
must step out into the water; and those who have
freight to send, if they have not a place on which
to deposit it, must land it in the water. That wa
do not want. This bill proposes to do what is
done in all the cities. I speak knowingly as far
as Baltimore is concerned. There they are per-
mitted to build their wharves, subject to the regu-
lations which the city may impose, either directly
or through the particular municipal corporation.
They are permitted to build their wharves out into
the water from the existing termination of the
street, and you give them the right to charge
wharfage. That is all this bill does.
There is no danger of any abuse, because the
bill provides that that wharf is not to be built so
as to interfere with the navigation of the Potomac
river; and that it will not be so built we have tht*
security furnished in the provision that it shall be
built under the supervision of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, and that the use and main-
tenance of the wharf shall be subject to the mu-
nicipal regulations of the city of Washing ton, like
all other wharves. Many of the streets that now
reach down to the river have in front of them
wharves. Do you not go upon a wharf when you
get into the steamboat that goes to Alexandria,
and when you come from Alexandria? You step
upon a wharf built upon the front of a street, built
from the original termination of the street. There
is not one of the streets now which at the time
you put these wharves there terminated where it
was originally laid out. It follows the river, and
you do not take in part of the street for the pur-
pose of the wharf. You take the water, the land
covered by the water, and upon that land you
build your wharf. It seems to me therefore that
the bill would be without the means of attaining
the very end we want, if you do not give them
the right to build a wharf at the termination of
the route which you authorize them to take, and
that termination is at the extreme end of P street.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from Iowa is not in his seat. I desire to sug-
gest to him that his amendment ccrtainly cannot
be necessary. If it were necessary, I should vote
for it. Clearly a wharf ought not to be constructed
at the end of this street which would interfere with
the use of the street; but this proposed wharf can-
not do so. The Senate can see at a glance that
a wharf cannot interfere with the use of the street.
A wharf is a structure built upon the water. If
it is built upon the land it is a storehouse. The
word used in this bill excludes the possibility of
interference with the use of the street. I think,
therefore, that the amendment proposed by tha
Senator from Iowa is unnecessary.
1 certainly agree with the Senator from Mary-
land that the city of Washington does not own
the land underneath the waters of the Potomac
river; and it is very clear that the proprietors
along the shore do not own to the center of the
stream. 1 think the argument of the Senatorfrom
Ohio was based upon that idea. That has been
decided over and over again, as I understand, m
this District. It has been decided by the General
Land Office in all of its decisions; because if the
riparian proprietor's right extends to the center
of the stream, that carries with it the islands in
the stream, and he would become the owner of
the islands opposite to his property. The Gen-
eral Land Office, with the approval of the Depart-
ments of the Government, has disposed of these
islands as being the property of the Government.
It is very clear fiom this fact that the privilege
of constructing this wharf cannot interfere with
any property rights of the city or of the riparian
proprietors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the clause proposed to be stricken out by the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senatorfrom Ohio to
strike out the clause which has been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just one word in reply to
tha Senator from Maryland. He says that this
