1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29$
will be a benefit to the public. Let me tell him
that when this wharf is constructed, if any ves-
sel belonging to any citizen of the United States
should come to that wharf at the foot of a street
in the city of Washington, itwould not be allowed
to land; and if you grant five such privileges as
this, you will prevent any citizen of the United
States from landing at a wharf in Washington
without paying tribute to a private corporation.
These are the facts; and the ingenious arguments
of the honorable Senator cannot prevent it.
It is true that in a navigable stream the rights
of the riparian owner are not so extensive as on
sti earns that are not navigable. We are all familiar
with that; but the right of wharfage always in-
ures to the owner of the land, whether the stream
is navigable or not. For the purposes of this ar-
gument there is no difference at all between a
navigable stream and one not navigable. I am
told that the wharfage of this city is limited; that
it is all between Four-and-a-haif street and, prob-
ably, Twelfth street; that there are only four or
five streets jutting into the river where the privi-
lege of the public is worth anything. The ad-
joining proprietors on either side of a street have
the right to build a wharf. The question is,
whether you willgive to a private corporation the
exclusive privilege of a wharf occupying the whole
of the space of one of your public streets, when
you have conferred that right on no other c.orpo-
' ration, and when perhaps it is not to be conferred
on any other corporation. Any individual, the
owner of the adjoining lands, may build wharves,
or this company may go and buy of any adjoin-
ing proprietor the right of wharfage. 1 have no
objection to extend to them if necessary the right
to build a wharf. The only question is whether
you will extend to them the right to build a wharf
on property belonging to the United States with-
out any consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Ohio is
mistaken. AH those wharves are entitled to
charge wharfage, subject to the regulations of the
city. The city may, under their charter, as far
as the existing wharves are concerned, prescribe
the rate of wharfage, and the manner in which the
wharfage is to be collected. This bill provides
in the part proposed to be stricken out that the
wharf, when built, shall be subject to the muni-
cipal regulations of the city of Washington. The
city of Washington will take care that vessels
that can come up the river shall come up. I
speak knowingly on this subject, because it is a
subject that I have argued half a dozen tunes.
They have a right to come up. All that the city
does, and what it is authorized to do, is to regu-
late the rates of wharfage, the manner in which
vessels shall come from time to time, and how
long they shall stay. That is the case here. This
wharf is to be subject to all the regulations that
the city of Washington may impose. If the Sen-
ator has any doubts about the effect of those
general words let him make them more specific.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we agree so nearly, why
not give the exclusive right to this company to
build a wharf there on private property to be
purchased by them ? Why not give expressly to
the corporate authorities of the city of Washing-
ton the right to fix the rate of tolls? If that is
done I shall have no objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. As to buying private prop-
erty, there is no private property there. They
want a wharfage at the end of that street.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 8, nays 20; as follows: ♦
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer,Conne«is,Cowan,Davis, Har
ris, riheinian, Spiague, and Ten J3vck—3.
NAVS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Dixon, Far-
well, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,-Hendricks, Hicks,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Powell, Saulsbury, Sumner, Van
Winkle, WMk'y, and Wilson—520.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cailile, Chandler, Doo-
littie, Hale, Hauling, Henderson, Howard,Howe,Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, NeMiutb, Poineroy,
Ramsey, Richardson, Riddle, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ^HERMAN. I submit another amend-
ment, to insert in the clause I proposed to strike
out, after the word " wharf," in the twenty-fifth
line, the words " and the rates of wharfage;" so
that the clause will read:
And the use and maintcnanceof said wharf and the rates
of wharfage shall be subject to the municipal regulations
of the city of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
deied to be engrossed. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened.
MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House bill
No. 583, with a view of leaving it as the unfin-
ished business for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 583) to amend
the twenty-first section of an act entitled " An act
to define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of the Army, «nd for other purposes," ap-
proved July 17, 1862.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was- agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 17, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II.Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CAPTURE OF FORT FISHER.
Mr. RICK, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I
have just received a dispatch from the Secretary of
the Navy announcing the capture of Fort Fisher,
and 1 send it to the Clerk that it may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Fort Monroe, January 17, 1$65.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Sccrctary of the Navy :
The Atlantic is just in from Wilmington. Fort Fisher
and woiks on Federal Point are m our possession. The
assault was made by the army and sailors on Sunday after-
noon,and by eleven p.m.theworkswereours. Looses heavy.
Lieutenants S. \V. Pieston and B. II. Porter, of the Navy,
are killed. Oiii captuie<< were seventy-two guns ami about
two thousand five hundred pn-oneis. General* Wluting
and Lamb (iebel) are pi^oner? and wounded. The Vau-
deibilt is on herwa> Ts'uith with dispatches,. Twohttccn-
inch guns were burst on the monitors.
12. T. NICHOLS, Commander.
[Great applause.]
LIGHT-HOUSE KEEPERS' PAY.
Mr. STARR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
.Rcsofr'^/,Tli;it the Committee on Commerce lie instructed
to inquire into the expediency of increasing the pay of the
light-house keepers, and to repoit by bill or othei wise.
DISABLED SOLDIERS' AND SEAMEN'S HOMES.
Mr. IIOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill donating public lands to the several
Suites and Territories for the purpose of found-
ing and endowing homes for disabled soldiers and
seamen, and for other pui poses; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
1 ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. SCHENCK,by unanimous consent, sub-
nutted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
this House whether there has been any eompltanec with the
requirements of the resolution of the Senate and House of
Representatives, m Congress assembled, entitled "A joint
rebolutimi to piovide for toe publication of a lull Ai my Re-
gister,'' approved June :J0,1^04; and if not, why said reso-
lution has not been obeyed.
AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL HE VENUE.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask unanimous consent of the
House for .leave to introduce the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and herebyare, instiucted to report a bill amending ihe act
to provide internal revenue, &c..co that the revenues pin-
duced by said act ahull be inoreascd at least thirty-three
and one third per cent.
Mr. STEVENS. If the resolution be modified
so as to make it one of inquiry, and not one of
instruction, I will not object to it; otherwise I shall
have to do so.
Mr. SLOAN, I ask the gentleman to let the '
resolution comc before the House, and let us have
a vote on it as it is.
Mr. STEVENS. I object. It is not usual to
positively direct what committees shall do.
STEAM WHISTLES.
Mr. SWEAT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Board of Trade of
Portland for the use of steam whistles at various
points on the coast in and near the harbors of
Maine, and also the petition of ship-masters and
ship-owners on the same subject*, which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
TRANSACTIONS WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is believed and alleged by many persons that
the tiouhtes in which the*United States are involved with
various Indiatj tribes aiethe result of an unwise Indian
pohev and of fraudulent dealing wuh said Indians by the
whites? j and whereas an investigation of the facts may en-
able the Government to adopj a better policy and also to
correct any abuses that may exist: Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed, whose
duty it shall be to investigate as far as they may deem
necessaiy all dealings and transactions of the Government
through its agents oi officers wall said Indians, and that
said committee be authorized to send for persons and
papers.
BOUNTIES FOE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot authorizing;
the President to offer bounties for volunteers to an amount
m his opinion sufficient to securc the lequisite number of
volunteers, Mich amount,however, not to exceed the sum
of$600 for each volutiteei; and also into the expediency,
in connection with the offer of such bounties, of prohibit-
ion: all bounties of States, counties, municipal corpora-
tion*, and individuals; and fui tiier, to suspend all proceed-
ings bv way of dialt under the recent call until it shall
have been demonstrated by aem.il experiment to the Presi-
dent that the requisite number of volunteers cannot be
procured by the offer of bounties.
Mr. WA SIIBURNE, of Illinois, objected, but
subsequently withdrew his objection.
The resolution was then adopted.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the construction of
a railroad from St. Cloud to the line of the Lake
Superior and Mississippi railroad m said State;
winch was read a first and second time, oidered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
SLAVES ENLISTED.
Mr. GRIDER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is respectfully re-
quested to communicate to this House whether he has,
according to the law approved February iM. 180*1, appointed
a commissioner in each of the slave States represented in
Con^re.-s. to be charged with the duty to awaid to each
lo>al person, to whom a colored volunteer may owe service,
" a ju-t compensation, not exceeding^M)," for each such
colored volunteer, to be paid out of the lund derived from
commutation money.
Resolved Jurthcr, That he state, as near as may be, the
amount of said fund, and what further bum will piobably
be necesf-aiy to meet the requisitions of said law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to put it in the ordinary form, that the
Secretary of War be directed, &cc.
Mr. GRIDER. I agree to that
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution*, which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That th" Committee of Way* and Means is
hereby inMiucted to inquire into the expediency of t>c
amending the onehundred ami twenty-fourth sectio'n of the
act entitled "An act to piovido internal revenue to >upport
the Government, pay interest on the public debt, and for
other puiposes," a.- to emhiacc within it-? provisions lega-
cies arising fiom the sale oi leal estate under will.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be ins*
