1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Major General Banks's proclamations none could
vote. None, says Major General Banks, did vote
except such as had taken the oath prescribed in
the President's proclamation. The loyal men of
Louisiana, those who had maintained and ac-
knowledged the old Union from the beginning,
unless they would submit to the humiliating con-
dition of swearing that they would abide and
support the proclamations of the President here-
tofore made and those hereafter to be issued .upon
the subject of sla-very—there are a large class
of loyal men in Louisiana who refuse to take this
oath—all such were excluded from voting under
the military rule of Louisiana, and I have no
doubt but that a large number of true Union men
in Louisiana were excluded from voting by the
illegal and unconstitutional orders of Major Gen-
eral Banks.
It is alao said that the Government proposed
to be recognized as the legitimate government of ,
Louisiana is favored by all the loyal men of that
State. Such is not the fact; we had before the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate an earnest pro-
test, signed by Thomas J. Durant and thiity-one
others, influential Union men of Louisiana against
the admission of Senators and Representatives
from the State of Louisiana, and against the elec-
toral vote of that State being counted.
I cannot conceive how those, who a few days ago
voted for the resolution which provided that the
electoral vote of Louisiana should not be counted,
can consistently vote for the resolution under con-
sideration. The resolution before the Senate rec-
ognizes the government formed by the convention
that assembled on the 6th of April, 1864, as the
legitimate government of Louisiana. The same
authority that elected the Senators who ask ad-
mission hereelected the presidential electors whose
votes were excluded by the joint resolution passed
during this session of Congress. If the Senators
aue admitted, the electoral vote of Louisiana
should have been counted.
I have hastily, Mr. President, reviewed the
official records m this matter, and that was what
1 proposed to do, for I intended to be very brief
in what i had to say. The sole object I had in
view when 1 rose to address the Senate was to
show, not from any outside testimony, but from
the proclamations of the President, from the proc-
lamations and orders of General Banks, and from
the records before us, that this government was
not formed by the free will of the people of
Louisiana, that not one tenth of the voters even
voted for the ratification of this constitution, but
that it wasagovernmentformedby coercion, un-
der the influence of the military authorities there.
After this convention had been in session sev-
eral weeks, Major General Banks made them a
visit, was received with an address, and graciously
told the convention that he was pleased with what
they had done so far. The power and influence
of the military authorities are seen in this move-
ment from the beginning to the end of the work.
Major General Banks ia here urging with great
assiduity and zeal the ratification of his actings and
doings in Louisiana. He is here, as he was in
Louisiana, the most prominent actor; he has been
before the committees of the two Houses, urg-
ing with hot zeal the ratification of his work. I
hope and trust that he will not find the Senate
and House of Representatives as obedient to his
will as he found less than one tenth of the down-
trodden people of Louisiana.
Now, sir, I am of the opinion that a govern-
ment formed in that way will be of no service to
the people of Louisiana or to the Union; I be-
lieve it will be absolutely detrimental and injuri-
ous. If the people of Louisiana are prepared to
return to their allegiance to the United States,
there certainly will be enough of them there un-
awed and uninfluenced by military power to re-
organize their State government; but if at the
point of the bayonet you force and coerce a small
and insignificantminority to do it, you will inflict
injury on the people of that State. You
should wait until enough of them see their way
and have sufficient numbers at least to make a
respectable show in the community, and you
should then let them proceed of their own voli-
tion to form their State government, and then it
will be a matter of service to the State and of
glory and honor to the Union. But if you allow
one tenth or perhaps one twentieth of the people,
and that one tenth orthatonc twentieth influenced
at the point of the bayonet, to form a govern-
ment, do you not know it will breed dissatisfac-
tion, discontent, and heart-burnings, among all
the other people? That will be the necessary re-
sult; there will be no harmonious action in their
State affairs; it will be a matter of eternal turmoil
and vexation, and why? Because you depart from
every principle that should govern a free people
in the formation of their government; you take
it out of their hands and put it in the hands of
others,of the few not animated of their own vo-
lition by a desire to return to the Union, and to
form a State government for that purpose, but
being driven by coercion and by threat. You
see at once the interminable confusion and hatred
and heart-burnings which will exist there among
those people when the few are allowed to govern
by milnaiy force the majority.
I for one cannot consenttoadmitthe represent-
atives of any State upon this floor who come heie
with the taint of military coercion upon them.
No, sir, they must pass through the ordeal of
reorganization and send representation here as the
three Hebrew children passed through the fiery
furnace seven times heated without the smell of
fire upon their garments; they must not have the
smell of military force upon their skirts; if they
have, I for one will be for rejecting them, but I will
rejoice when the day shall come when the people
of Louisiana, when the people of Arkansas, or
when the people of any other Slate that has at-
tempted to go out of the Union shall lay do-wn
their arms and of their own volition reorganize
their State government and send representatives
to this floor and to the other end of the Capitol.
It will be a glorious and a proud day when they
shall do it; but until they do it unawed and un-
influenced by military power, I for one will never
consent to receive their representatives here. It
must be a matter of their own volition and they
must not be coerced by Major General Banks or
any other major geneial whatever.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask my colleague to
give way that I may move to take up House bill
No. 307, so that my colleague may speak to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that will not be
done. If the Senator from Michigan is not pre-
pared to go on to-night probably there may be
others in the Senate who desire to say something
on this subject, i think we had better progress
with it. It is early in the evemngand if the Sen-
ator from Michigan, who has taken the floor, is
not prepared to go on, let him give way and let
some one who is prepared to proceed go on to-
night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for a vote on my
motion, and I hope it will prevail. 1 think we
can get a vote on that bill to-night, and then give
my colleague an opportunity to be heard in the
morning at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I like the expression that fell
from the Senator from Illinois. He thought that
we could progress, 1 think he said, with the les-
olution that he had in charge. Th^re is another
measure that the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] has in charge that i think the Senate
can progress with also, and to much more ad-
vantage. The measure that the Senator from
Michigan has in charge is a reality. The meas-
ure that the Senator Irom Illinois has in charge
is a shadow. °
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, witli the permis-
sion of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, I expiess nay happiest gratitude to lum
when he says the measure of the Senator from
Illinois is hut a shallow. I agree with hun.
Mr. SUMNER. Of coursc it is but a shadow,
and I am astonished that the Senator from Illi-
nois can seek to occupy the time of the Senate
and the country at this moment with a shadow,
and set up such a shadow against the reality
which my friend from Michigan is seeking to
press upon the attention of the Senate, lamglad
the Senator from Michigan has made his motion.
I hope he will press it to a vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, J hardly
know whether the Senator from Massachusetts is
in earnest or in jest, i'he honorable Senator from
Illinois sits about midway between the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from Ken-
tucky; lie sits between the upper and the nether
millstone of this opposition to the free State of
Louisiana, a State which my friend from Massa-
chusetts, as well as the Senator fiom Kentucky,
will find the people of these United Stales will
not regard as a shadow. Tliey are iit earnest
and the admission of the free Stale of Louisiana
and its recognition is a thing they will demand as
an earnest reality. And, sir, it is not for the
Senator from Massachusetts, with all his boast-
ful friendship for freedom and free States, to join
hnntls with the Senator from Kentucky and'un-
dertake to prevent the recognition of the free State
of Louisiana. And then he says this affair over
here in New Jersey, this affair of undertaking by
act of Congress to change the charter of the coi-
poration3 of New Jersey, is a grand operation.
Mr. SUMNER. That is your language, and
not mine.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the substance of
what the Senator said, by way ofcontrast,between
the admission of that State which sits at the
mouth of the Mississippi river and controls the
outlet of that great river that binds this Union to-
gether now and forever—that free Stale in which
a large majority of its free and loyal inhabitants
have voted for this constitution, and have organ-
ized againand seek to be admitted and recognized
—that State, too, whose vote is necessary (and
the Senator will so find it in the end) to the adop-
tion of the great measure of this Congress, the
constitutional amendment, that is to secuie free-
dom to the whole land—the recognition of that
fiee State of Louisiana whose constitution knocks
off the shackles from ninety thousand slaves that
the emancipation proclamation did not reach ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerot
in the chair.) The Chair must remind Senators
that discussio'n on the merits of the bill is not
in order. The pending question is a motion to
take up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am simply comparing
shadows [laughteij with realities; and the affair
over here in New Jersey—we are to come to that
again! In the whole history of the Government
1 believe Congress has never assumed to change
the charters of railroad or of canal companies
which are established by the laws of the States.
And now,Mr. President, 1 desire to say thatas this
Louisiana measure is in hand, we had better dis-
pose of it. We can just as well come to a vote
to-night as at any other time, and if the Senator
from Michigan desires to speak we can hear him
to-night, or any other Senator, and finish the
question, take the sense of the Senate, and then
take the sense of the Senate 011 the other measure.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, "and then
take the sense of the Senate 011 the other meas-
ure," .says the Senator fiom Wisconsin. I say,
sir, take the sense of the Senate on the other
measure first, and for two good reasons: the Sen-
ate commenced the consideration of the other
measure first, and has proceeded further in its
discussion; and for the second reason, because
the other measure is a reality calculaled to pro-
duce fruits of good to the country. This meas-
ure, 1 say, sir, is a shadow. So far as it is cal-
culated to exercise any influence, it is to bring
upon this country disaster. Sir, 1 do not wish to
stand here as a prophet, and 1 will not at this
moment, on this merely incidental question, be
earned into discussion; but I do warn the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, as he loves human freedom,
ay, sir, as he represents a State dedicated to free-
dom, to hesitate before he throws his influence
on the side of such aproposition, which is to open
the way to an unknown future.
Sir, 1 am disposed to stop here, and yet there
is one other remark of the Senator to whith I
must reply. The Senator insists constantly upon
foisting his unconstitutional idea in the way of
establishing emancipation throughout this coun-
try. He says (he vote of Louisiana is needed.
Sir, the vote of Louisiana is not needed ; arid when
the Senator makes that assertion it is interposing
an obstacle to the adoption of the constitutional
amendment. Is he a hiend to the constitutional
amendment? Why, then, does he interpose an
obstacle to it by foisting an untenable and erro-
neous inteipretation on the Constitution of the
United States? The Constitution declares that a
^ constitutional amendment shall become to all in-
tents and purposes a part of the Constitution when
! it shall be ratified by the Legislatuies of three
: fourths of the Slates.
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. "When ratified by the
