298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
interna! revenue act as to make every person, other than
one hokhng a license as a lawyer or claim agent, who shall
draw deeds, bonds, mortgages, wills, writs, or other legal
papers fur others, or whose business it is to examine titles
to real estate, to be held to be a conveyancer within the
meaning of said act. Also, to provide a minimum percent-
age or rate of compensation for deputy collectors under
fcaid art. A! o, to strike out of section one hundred and
seventeen of said act, in estimating the annual income or
gains of any person derived trom the purchase and sale of
stocks or other property, real or personal, " the incieased
value of live stock on hand;" and that they repoit by bill
or otherwise.
MAJOR GENERAL J. J, PECK.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by- unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution tendering the
thanks of Congress to Major General J. J, Peck;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. LITTLEJOI-IN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled " An
act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILt,.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill malting appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and forfulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1866; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, made the spe-
cial order for Monday next after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 presume this bill d oes not
contain any appropriations not authorized by law,
but i desire to reserve the question of order.
Mr.STEVENS. Let it beunderstood that on
all appropriation bills this question of order is re-
served.
Mr. HOLMAN. That will be satisfactory.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
30th June, 1866; which was rend a firstand second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, made the special order for
Tuesday next after the morning nour, and from
day to day until disposed of, and ordered to be
printed.
TAX ON TOBACCO.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to levy a duty on leaf and manufac-
tured tobacco; which was read a first and second
time, tufcrrcd to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF ENGINEER J. W. KING.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was referred, under the rule, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the Navy
Department one hundred copies of the report of the chief
engineer, J. \V. Kmc:, upon the flock-yards of Europe, with
the maps accompanying the same.
CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. CRAVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* bp in-
ftruuted to inquire into the expediency of reporhnc an
amendment to the conscription law, which shall piovide
that a per&ou who lias been drafted may put in a substitute
iiotn tliK lift of iho&e who have been "subjeet to The dialt
bin who have escaped the draft, by the person puitiug in
the substitute taking the place of his substitute on the
enrollment list, subject to subsequent dratts.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SPALDING. I now call for the regular
ordnr.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 602) to guaranty
to certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment, reported from the select committee on
the rebellious States, on which thegrentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] isentitled to the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. I regretthat I have notbeenable
to support the bill, with the amendment, as re-
ported from the select committee. If I had been
able to give it my support I should not have felt
called upon to detain the House at this time. Al-
though i came to the examination of this bill pre-
judiced in its behalf, partly because of the interest
which my friend at the head of the committee
[Mr. Davis, of Maryland] has taken in the sub-
ject, and partly because at the last session, under
the circumstances in which we were placed, I
found myself with my friends upon this side of
the House supporting a bill containing many pro-
visions substantially similar to some in the bill
now before the House, yet upon a careful exam-
ination of the principles of the bill, and of its spe-
cific provisions, I find myself not able to give it
my support.
it will be remembered that at the last session no
discussion was had upon the particularprovisions
of the bill then passed. There were strong rea-
sons, as it was believed, for action at that time.
Those reasons do not exist now in full, and there
is time enough, if any bill shall be passed, to make
it more perfect and more 'practicable than the
amended bill as now offered by the committee
seems to me to be. I desire, then, frankly to state
to the House the reasons which will control my
action.
I have offered an amendment to the bill as a
substitute for it, and I have done so because I de-
sired to avoid the charge that might otherwise be
made of hindering legislation without attempting,
at any rate, its improvement.
The first section of this bill—for I propose,
without preface, to come to a direct examination
of it—ia in its terms peremptory; there are eleven
States declared in rebellion, Virginia,North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Tennessee, Louisiana, Florida, Arkansas,
and'Texas, and by the first section of the bill the
President is called upon to appoint for each of
these States a provisional governor, whose pay
and emoluments shall not exceed those of a brig-
adier general.
There is no time, 1 submit to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] allowed to the Presi-
dent for discretion, but he is called upon by the
terms of the bill to make his appointments when
the bill becomes a law. It may be said that this
authority vested in the President would not be
exercised until the time arrived when, within
his discretion, it would be prudent; but that is
not what the bill says. The day after tins bill
becomes a law the President has a right, and,for
aught I see, would be called upon to exert the
power to appoint these provisional governors for
the States. My friend from Ohio will concede,
as every gentleman upon the floor of the House
must agree, that so far as all these States are con-
cerned,excepting, it may be, Louisiana,Tennes-
see, and Arkansas, such appointments would be
useless; they would be not only expensive, but
of no effect,excepting, indeed, that the persons
appointed to office could have a right to draw the
pay which this bill contemplates; 1 say excepting
so far as Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee
are concerned. The fifteenth section of this bill
to a certain extent recognizes the governments
which have been established in Louisiana and
Arkansas; but the bill calls for the appointment
none the less within those States of provisional
governors, and, as I shall undertake to show to
the House, if the bill becomes a law, notwith-
standing what has been done in Louisiana, and in
Arkansas,and m Tennessee, by the operation of
this bill, the machinery of it is to be applied to
each of those States.
The second section of the bill imposes upon
the provisional governors to.be appointed duties
which they cannot perform, and other duties, I
respectfully submit, which we ought not to com-
pel them to perform. Of course they cannot
perform any of the duties of governors until the
military power of the United States has vindi-
cated itself within the rebellious States; but when
that has been done, the second section of this bill
provides that the provisional governors shall see
that this act and the laws of the United States
and the laws of the State in force when the State
government was overthrown by the rebellion,
shall be faithfully executed.
Now, I want to know whether this House is
disposed, after deliberation, to confer upon the pro-
visional governor of either of theseStates the power
to see that the laws which were in force in those
States in I860 shall be faithfully executed, with
no knowledge on the part of the House of the
character or the import of those laws.
My friend from Ohio cannot tell us, I think,
what the laws of the State of Mississippi, or
Arkansas, or Tennessee, or Louisiana, or South
Carolina are which he, in.this bill, calls upon the
provisional governors to see executed. Why
should we demand theenforcement of the specific
laws in these States regulating the collection of
debts, the private and personal transactions of the
inhabitants; concerning arrests; concerning the
attachment and sale of property; concerning the
jurisdiction of justices of the peace, the summon-
ing of jurors, and the trial of causes; concerning
crimes and their punishment by death or other-
wise; the internal, minute, police regulations of
those States where complexion appoints or reduces
the punishment; concerning the establishment of
courts, the election or appointment of judges; con-
cerning the publication of books, punishing the
circulation of books or writings advocating hu-
man rights; requiring the removal of free persons
of color from the States; prohibiting free persons
of color from engaging in business within the
States; punishing by the lash free persons of color
upon suspicion of false testimony and before con-
viction; prohibiting the employment of free per-
sons of color who have recently come within those
States, and authorizing the compulsory appren-
ticeship of free colored minors? There must be
laws governing the internal administration of
State affairs. JBut should we without knowledge
undertake to compel the execution of laws with-
out regard to their necessity or character or jus-
tice? We should not, I think, assume such re-
sponsibility.
There is a statute in one of these States requir-
ing the authorities to cause to be apprenticed ev-
ery free colored minor between the ages of seven
and twenty-one. My friend from Ohio will hardly
desire that such a law as that should be, by his
vote, enforced, or that the provisional governor of
that State should be called upon to see to its faith-
ful execution. So also in regard to the law re-
quiring the imprisonment of free colored sailors
in southern ports. Yet all these provisions, and
very many others contained on the statute-books
of those States, and enforced in 1860, we are called
upon by this bill to compel the provisional gov-
ernors, to be appointed by the rresident, to see
that they be faithfully executed.
I know that the bill says that the laws for the
trial and punishment of white persons shall ex-
tend to all persons, but the converse of that is not
contained in the bill; and there are, on the stat-
ute-books of the southern States, offenses which
when committed by white men are punished in
one way, and when committed by colored men
are punished in another way. The punishment
differs according to the color. There is no pro-
vision in this bill to permit colored persons to be
witnesses on the stand; and although the laws for
the trial of whites may extend to the negro, yet
under the laws which the provisional governor ia
called upon to execute, negro witnesses are ex-
cluded from courts.
The third section of the bill contains provisions
which, as it seems to me, ought not to be enforced.
It provides that, until the recognition of a State
government, the provisional governor shall cause
to be assessed and levied and collected, for the
year 1865, the taxes provided bylaw to be levied
during the fiscal year next preceding the over-
tlnow of the State government. That is to say,
it requires the assessment for 1865 of the taxes
provided by the laws of those States for 1860; and
not only for 1865, but for every year thereafter.
Of course, if these taxes assessed in 1860 were
paid, it would not be contended by the commit-
tee that they ought to be paid again. 1 suppose
that the object of the law is to require that the
same amount of taxes, for the same purposes,
shall be assessed in and for 1865, and for every
year thereafter, that had been assessed m 1860.
That is a remarkable proposition. Why should
Congress undertake to say now that the amount
of taxes levied and assessed in those States in
1860 shall be levied in 1865, 1866, and 1867, and
untilthe State government shall be hereafter rec-
