1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
ognized—an arbitrary amount of taxation, fixed
by Congress without any knowledge of the pur-
poses for which they might be wanted, without
any knowledge whether the amount is twice too
large or not half enough? Suppose it should turn
out that in 1860 the amount of taxation in any
one State were, if you please, $500,000—in which
amount are included taxes for the administration
of the State government,and taxes for all the pur-
poses of county affairs, towns, parishes, high-
ways, &c.—that aggregate amount would, by the
terms of this bill, be levied for these different
years, which may be twice as much as is wanted
for the purposes of the provisional government;
what is to become of the surplus? The whole
amount of the taxes is to be paid to the governor
to be expended by him, and any surplus is to be
deposited in the Treasury of the United States,
to the credit of such State, to be paid by and by
on an appropriation by Congress after the State
shall have been again admitted into the Union.
That is to say, Congress undertakes to impose
arbitrarily an amount of taxation; if it is too
much, the surplus is to be returned, not to the
people who have been made to pay it, but to the
Treasury of the United States, for the ultimate
benefit of the State.
It will be observed, also, that all the machinery
for the collection of these taxes is adopted from
the State laws. The property may be sold; the
compulsory processes of law may be applied; ti-
tles may be changed; real estate may pass from
one owner to another; and all these taxes are im-
posed without representation, without any parties
being here to enlighten us; against the consent,
without the knowledge of the parties concerned
or the parties to be affected.
Tiie fourth section, Mr. Speaker, is one which,
80 far as it goes, I find no fault with. It provides—
That all persons held to involuntary servitude or labor
in the St.itt> or pai i> ut Slates in winch such persons have
been declared fioe by any proclamation of the President,
arc hereby emancipated and discharged therefrom, and they
and their posterity shall be forever iree. And if any such
persons or their pos-tcnty shall he restiamed of liberty un-
der pretense of any claim to Mich service or labor, the courts
of the United States shall, on habeas corpus, discharge them.
The fifth section I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to, because if it should come
before him again, it seems to me that in one of its
provisions it should be amended. It provides—
That if any person declared free by this act, or any law
of the United States, or any proclamation of the Pie&ideut,
he restrained of liberty witii intent to be held in or reduced
to mvoluntaiy servitude or labor, the peison convicted be-
fore a court of competent juiiMliotion of such act shall be.
punished by fine o( not less than .<$1,500 and he imprisoned
not less than five nor more than twenty years.
How large a fine may the court impose? It
must not be less than $1,500; it may be §1,500,000.
Now, I do not mean to say that that is an offense
which is not black enough to justify the imposi-
tion of a fine that shall absorb the property of the
man convicted.
Mr. ASHLEY. I copied that from the pun-
ishment inflicted for a violation of the fugitive
slave law. I thoughtthatif we had stood that so
long it was but simple justice that itshould be in-
flicted back on the enemy.
Mr. ELIOT. I do notdoubtthnt my friend can
find good reason for it. I simply suggest that, as
a matter of legislation, it is better to fix a maxi-
mum punishment. Let the penalty be put at
$1,500,000, if my friend please, but let it be fixed.
And 1 suggest that, as a principle of penal legis-
lation, it is always butter to fix the maximum
punishment, leaving the minimum to the discre-
tion of the court.
But the sixth section is open to another criti-
cism of a different kind. It provides that every
person who shall hereafter hold certain offices in
the rebel governmentis " hereby declared not to
be a citizen of the United States.'* Well, sir,
that is applying the punishment before the offense
is commuted. See how it will operate. A pri-
vate individual, carrying on his affairs, a lawyer,
if you please, in Mississippi, is not affected as to
his status by the provisions of this bill. He is a
citizen just as much after its passage as before.
But a month after its passage he takes one of the
offices specified in this section. Then, according
to the section, he is declared now not a citizen.
I suppose that the intention of the committee was
to provide that the holding of these offices shall
be an act which shall deprive the offender of his
citizenship. But, further than that, we declare
him not to be a citizen. Can he, then, be indicted
for treason? I suppose that if we declare that a
person is not now a citizen who shall by and by
commit an offense, then when that offense comes
to be prosecuted this bill will be his defense, if
that prosecution should be for treason. A person
cannot commit treason if he is not a citizen. I
suggest that, for it seems to me a matter of some
importance, that by and by, when the time shall
come, we may have it within our power to bring
to the bar of public justice, under indictment for
treason, the leading traitors now in arms, i know
it is said there is a qualified citizenship determined
by residence when one has sought the protection
of Government. But if Congress declares a man
not to be a citizen it is very doubtful whether in
our own country he could be punished as a traitor.
The seventh section,Mr. Speaker, is one which
simply recognizes the government of Louisiana.
I mean the seventh section of the amended bill,
not of the substitute. I ought, perhaps, here to
say that, by arrangement with the committee, the
bill which was reported on the 9th of January as
an amendment in the nature of a substitute is
considered to be the text to be acted upon and
altered by the House.
But I was saying, s\r, that the seventh section,
as it was contained in the other bill, is simply a
recognition of Louisiana. I do not object to that,
although the constitution of Louisiana is not en-
tirely what I should like, as I shall have occasion
presently to show. But that seventh section is
now found in the bill which is under discussion
as the fifteenth section; and if the gentlemen of the
House will turn to the fifteenth scction they will
find that winch originally was reported as the sev-
enth. In the fifteenth section, not only the gov-
ernment of Louisiana, but the government of Ar-
kansas is recognized. Now, it may be all well
enough that the government of Arkansas should
be recognized, and that the constitution adopted
by the citizens of Arkansas in convention in Jan-
uary, 1864, at Little Ilock, should be accepted.
! understand that, my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Blow,] from the committee, will state to the
House reasons why that ought to be done. All
that I have to say about it now is that we have
yet had no reasons presented why Arkansas at
this moment should be received as a State.
But the fifteenth section does not admit either
of those States, it does not recognize either of
those governments. The seventh section did;
the fifteenth section only docs it quahfiedly. It
only recognizes the governments, provided the
same or other conventions duly assembled shall
first have incorporated into their constitutions
certain provisions which are contained in this bill,
and the marshal of the United States shall have
returned to the President the enrollment directed
by the eighth section, which is the seventh sec-
tion in the substitute, to be made and leturned to
the provisional governor. That of course post-
pones all action foranother year. But more than
that, it makes it necessary to apply the machin-
ery of this bill to the State of Louisiana and the
State of Arkansas, just as if no action had been
taken within those States by the citizens of them.
I am inclined to think that was not the intention
of my fnend; but if he will look at the thirteenth
line of the fifteenth section he will find that, be-
fore any recognition is given, the marshal must
return to the President the enrollment directed by
the seventh section to be made and returned by
the governor. The "same" conventions that
adopted the constitutions cannot art, for they have
been dissolved. Other conventions cannot be
"duly assembled" under this bill until an en-
rollment has been made of the citizens named in
the bill and a convention of delegates elected pur-
suant to its provisions.
Now, sir, we will examine that seventh section
presently; and I think it will be found before a
full enrollment can be made and that action can
be taken, it will be needful to have the provis-
ional governor.
And that bungs me to consider that section of
the bill, which is—
That so soon as the military resistance to the United
States shall h;|/c been suppre^ed m any State, and the
people thereof shall have Miflieicntiy leturned to their
obedience to tho Constitution and the laws of the. United
States, the provisional governor shall direct the marshal of
the United States, as speedily as may be, to name a suffi-
cient number of deputies, and to enrol! all white male cit-
izens of the United States resident m die State in their re-
spective counties, and to request each one to take the oath
to support the Constitution of th<* United States, and ill
his enrollment to designate those who take and those who
refuse to take that oath,-wnich rolls shall be forthwith
returned to the provisional governor; and if the persona
taking that oath shall, together with the citizens of the
United States from such State in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, amount to a majority of the per-
sons enrolled in the State, ho &hall, by proclamation, invite
the loyal people of the State to elect delegates to a conven-
tion charged to declare the will of the people of the State
relative to the reestabhshmentof a State government, sub-
ject to and in conformity with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Why, sir, that is an arithmetical impossibility.
The majority of persons enrolled in a State pre-
supposes more than one half of these men en*
rolled. Suppose you will have of the enrolled
white men one hundred thousand, and the ma-
jority of that is more than fifty thousand. Sup-
pose that forty thousand take the oath, that will
leave sixty thousand who have not taken the oath.
If you had eleven thousand colored soldiers, or
sailors not enrolled you have fifty-one thousand,
but you do not have a majority of the persons
enrolled in the State. You have a number which
is greater than one half of the number of persons
enrolled, but you do not have one half of those
persons. I suppose that the gentleman will say
that the manifest intention of the bill is that a con-
vention shall be called when a number is found,
partly of the enrolled white men who have taken
the oath, and partly of the colored soldiers who
have not been enrolled, which is greater than one
half of the number of enrolled men. Without
stopping to show whether my criticism just now
made was correct, let us assume the construction
which the committee will give.
Now, sir, you will have in the case I have just
stated forty thousand enrolled white men who
have taken the oath, and you will have eleven
thousand colored soldiers or sailors who are not
enrolled, which with the forty thousand make
fifty-one thousand, which constitutes a greater
number than one half of the number of enrolled
men. Take one step further. These colored
soldiers and sailors are not made voters by this
bill unless they are then in service. They are
then to be counted in determining whether the
convention shall becalled. Butsupposebetween
the time of calling the convention and the time of
electing the delegates these colored soldiers and
sailors leave the service, there is nothing in this
bill which gives them any rights,except so faraa
they are in the military or naval service. In the
case supposed by me, at the time of the election
of delegates if they are out of the military or naval
service they will have no rights; and 1 think that
will be more apparent when we come to consider
the next section. The privilege of being counted
only to determine whether a convention shall be
called is given to them not because of their com-
plexion but because of their condition in the ser-
vice.
The next section provides that—
The convention shall consistof as many members as both
Houses of the last constitutional State Legislature, appor-
tioned by the piovibional governor among the counties,
parishes, or districts of the State, in pioportion to the pop-
ulation enrolled by the marshal, m compliance with tho
piovisionsof this act, or m the military or naval service
of the United States, as alore?aid. Tne provisional gov-
ernor shall, by proclamation, declare the number of dele-
gates to be elected by each county, parish, or election dis-
trict; name a day of election, not less than thirty days
thereafter: designate the places of voting m each county,
pansh, or district, eonlornung, as neaily as maybe con-
venient, to the places u.-ed in the State elections next pre-
ceding the rebellion ; appoint one or more commishionera
to hold the election at each place of voting. and piovidean
adequate force to keep the peace during the election.
Now, I call the attention of the committee to this
section for the purpose of inquiring how that ap-
portionment can be made and how the proportion
is to be ascertained. The colored soldiers and
sailors are not enrolled, they are not registered,
they are not credited to any county or parish,
they are aggregated. Suppose one county stands
five thousand white men, that proportion is not
fixed on that population. Suppose that there are
twenty thousand colored soldiers or sailors in the
service, what is to be done with them? How
many of them are to be added to that five thousand
of enrolled white men m that county? There is
no way to determine how many belougthere, and
I submit, according to the provisions of the bill,
it would not be practicable to distribute the men
