300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
who are in the military or naval service, among
the different counties and districts in the State,
so as to determine the proportion designated by
this section.
Ifl have made myself understood by the com-
mittee I will pass on to the consideration of the
next section.
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman "will notice
that the persons in the military and naval service
are required to be enrolled.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not find in the billanypro-
vision for enrolling those persons in the military
or naval service, i will pause a moment when-
ever my friend will show me the provision. I
think he will find it is the condition of being in
the service that authorizes them to be counted
and afterward to vote.
Then the ninth section goes on to say how the
delegates shall be elected. We will now see what
action is to be taken by the colored soldiers and
sailors then in the service:
The delegates shall be elected by the loyal male citi-
zens aforesaid of tiie United States, of tlie age of twenty-
one years, and i evident in the county, parish, or diMiiet
in which Ihoy shall offer to vore, or in the military or na-
val setvice of the United States, and who yhnll take and
subscribe the oath of allegtancc to the United States in the
form contained in the act ol Congress of July 2,186-2.
Are these delegates to be elected on a general
ticket? In Louisiana there were in the conven-
tion ninety-two delegates. In Missouri, the other
day, when that glorious action was taken on
the emancipation question, there wore sixty-four
votes. Suppose there are fifty delegates in any
of these States to be chosen, are they to be elected
upon a genera! ticket? Manifestly not, as I think;
but by districts. If, then, they are to be elected
by districts, I wantto inquire in what district the
absent colored soldiers are to vote ? I have stated
that they were not enrolled as belonging to any
district. They have no legal, local habitation, or
name. They may have belonged to men owning
plantations in more than one district. Whei'e
shall they vote? The bill does not designate.
For what district shall they vote? They vote for
distuct "AM or district " B." They mustlhem-
selves determine I hat question at the time. When
the proper moment comes, for aught i see, they
must themselves designate the district in which
they choose to have their votes counted.
My friend [Mr. Ashley] says that is the way
they do in Ohio with their soldiers. That is a
very different thing, because the soldiers in Ohio
are known to have homes, and known to belong
to certain districts. That cannot be said of these
parties who are now to be called upon to exercise
the right, to vote, bceause they are in the service
oft their country. They must designate the place,
without any means of checking them, and with-
out any means of ascertaining whether that desig-
nation of place be correct or incorrect.
The-delegates Khali be cieeted by the loyal male citizens
aforesaid.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
that word "aforesaid," for the purpose of asking
a question with reference to it.
Tiie loyal male citizens aforesaid of the United States,
of the age ot twenty-one years, and resident in the county,
parMi, or district, * * * * orin the niiiiury
or naval service, 8cc.
That refers to those same persons who were
designated before in a previous clause as the per-
sons to be counted in order to determine whether a
convention should be called. I think that must
be the intention of the bill. Now, sir, suppose
the colored soldiers and sailors who were in the
service at that time shall, before the time ar-
rives for voting for delegates, have left the service,
and suppose their places to be filled by other col-
ored soldiers and sailors; which of those two
classes shall vote? Shall it be the colored soldieis
and sailors who are found in the service of the
Government at the time they vote for delegates?
They are not included within the term u afore-
said, " because they were not counted in order to
determine whether aconvention should be called.
Those who were counted when they came to vote
are not enrolled,and are not in the service. Shall
they vote? Certainly it would seem that those
who are in the service when the delegates are to
be voted for ought to have the right to vote; yet
they are not included in the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, J have not time to go through
the further sections of this bill, nor indeed do I
think it will be found necessary to do so. Whether
the difficulties I have stated are inseparable from
any bill upon this subject, I will not undertake
to say. But I do say that it would be unsafe for
us, in my judgment, to permit a bill containing
these provisions to become a law. What is the
need of any general bill? We passed one last
session, I know, containing provisions, many of
them like the provisions of this bill. There ap-
peared to be reason to act then. But can we un-
dertake in one bill to state what shall be appli-
cable in detail in all these rebel States? Why is
it not more wise to take the States as they shall
present themselves for admission r We may, to
be sure, agree upon certain principles. We ought
to agree upon certain provisions which must be
contained within the constitutions of the States
before those States shall bo recognized and per-
mitted to act under the Government of the United
States. 1 offered an amendmentfor' this purpose
to designate what it seems to me it is desirable
that we should say. I will thank the Clerk to
read the first section of that amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That the States declared to be in rebellion against the
United States, and within winch the authority of the Con-
stitution and Jaws of the United States has been over-
thrown, shall not be pennitted to resume their political re-
lations with the Government of the United States until, by
action of the loyal citizens within such States, respectively,
a State constitution shall be ordained and established, re-
publicans form, forever prohibiting involuntary servitude
within such Stale, and guarantying to all persons freedom
and equality of rights before the law.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, that section sim-
ply undertakes to set forth certain constitutional
requirements—that the State of Mississippi, for
instance, shall not be admitted to act as one of the
States of the Union untila State constitution shall
be ordained and established, republican in form,
forever prohibiting involuntary servitude., and
granting: to all persons freedom and equality of
rights before the law. Who here is not prepared
to say that much? In offering this amendment,
I need hardly say that I have acted for no party;
that I am representing no interest; that I am only
desirous of presenting to the House what it seems
to me we ought to state as prerequisites of ad-
mission. If the House shall agree with me, I
shall bo glad, and 1 believethatthe time will come,
if it has not now come, when we shall all of us-be
prepared to standupon and to defend successfully
the doctrineofthatamendment. Let them estab-
lish their constitution; let it prohibit slavery; let
them grant freedom and equality of rights, and
we need nothing else. No matter how they have
done it, provided that it has been done by the loyal
citizens of the State. Arkansas has acted in one
way, Louisiana in another, and Tennessee is pro-
ceeding in still a different way. No matter, as it
seenis to me, how a State shall have broughtitself
before us, so only that it comes with a constitution
that we can recognize.
In the second section of my substitute it is pro-
vided that the State of Louisiana is permitted to
resume its relations with the Government of the
United States. Now, that is in its effect just like
the seventh section of the bill which the commit-
tee reported, and therefore I shall find no objec-
tion to that, I think, from my friends upon the
committee. I confess that the constitution of Lou-
isiana is not altogether what I like, but there is
this provision within it, that the Legislature shall
have power to pass a law extending the suffrage
to citizens of the United States who, by military
service, by taxation to support the Government,
or by intellectual fitness are entitled thereto. We
haveevery reason to suppose that the Legislature
will speedily take this action. We all know that
there are reasons, and strong reasons, why the
State of Louisiana ought to be received and ad-
mitted again within our Government. There are
ninety thousand men and women within that
State who were slaves and were excepted from
the benefitof the presidential proclamation. The
constitution of Louisiana makes them free, i
The constitution of Louisiana is admirably
drawn. Its fiist article abolishes slavery forever,
and its second article prohibits the Legislature
from making laws recognizing the right of prop-
erty in man. The powers of goverrifnent are well
distributed, and the provisions protecting elec-
tions and providing for public education are full
and explicit. It la made the duty of the Legisla-
ture to provide for the education of all children
between six and eighteen years of age, whether
white or colored. And while it does not atonce,
as it oughtto do, in my judgment, confer full po-
litical rights, it provides that the Legislature shall
have power to extend all political rights to all
persons who by military service, by taxation to
support the government, or by intellectual fitness,
may be deemed entitled thereto. From informa-
tion derived from the highest sources 1 am sat-
isfied that no time will be lost in taking such
legislative action as shall be right.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman what reason there is to believe that the
Legislature of Louisiana will execute the power
intrusted to them by the constitutional conven-
tion ? I confess that if that fact could be demon-
strated to me, I would gladly support the bill.
One reason why I hesitate about it is that I think
I perceive a determination on the part of the
Legislature not to do that thing.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, if I believed that
there would be hesitation on the part of the Legis-
lature, I for one would not recommend the bill.
Mr. GANSON. Mr. Speaker, I may suggest
to the gentleman that the war may be continued
down there till they do submit to it.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I have to say that it has
bee-n with difficulty that I have brought myself to
this action. There have been statements made
here, from responsible authority, that the Legis-
lature of Louisiana is about proceeding. There
are influences bearingupon them which, I believe,
will not be resisted. Nevertheless I do not pre-
tend to conceal that I should, with a greatly in-
creased zeal, advocate the restoration ofLouiaiana
if the provision was contained within the consti-
tution, as by the first section of the bill which I
have offered it is provided that it shall be in the
constitution of all the other States. And it is only
because I believe that facts exist in connection
with Louisiana that ought to entitle her to con-
sideration now, and ought to induce us to act
speedily in regard to her restoration, that I have
been willing to act for it.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question
which troubles me a little ? If Louisiana and
these other States are in the Union, by what au-
thority do we legislate for their internal police?
[Laughter from the Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. ELIOT. The question, as I understand
my friend is, why, if these States are in the Union,
we should legislate for their internal police. If
they are in the Union just as Pennsylvania is, wc
ought not to; but the difficulty is that they are
not in the Union in that sense,to that extent, thus
fully. They are not out of the Union territori-
ally, and yet rebellion has overthrown their gov-
ernments for a time, and it is needful that the
Congress of the United States should intervene
and should legislate.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
to say that they are partly in the Union, and
partly out. About how much are they in the
CJnion and about how much out? [Laughter on
the Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. GANSON. The black part is in.
Mr. ELIOT. The government of Mississippi
is not in theUnion. It is a rebel government, es-
tablished by the rebels, by traitors against the
Government of the country, within the land and
upon territory that is a part of the Union; and
the Congress of the United States in that state of
things has a right to legislate, because it is a ne-
cessity imposed upon it.
Mr. Speaker, there is no work imposed upon
us by the people of the nation more full of conse-
quences that reach into the far futuie than that of
bringing back into the Union the States whose
governments have been overthrown by traitors in
armsagainsttheircountry. As we discharge that
duty rightfully and without fear, grounding our
action on principle, or wrongfully, by enactments
which compromise with principle, endeavor to
evade the great and fundamental doctrines of free-
dom and equal rights before the law, so shall we
be judged as true or as false in the years that are
to come. We may not be able to construct at this
tune a plan by which, and by which alone, all the
States in rebellion shall be admitted again to their
political right3 under our Government;"but we
