1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
can declare, and we ought by solemn enactment
to declare, that no rebel State shall be received
until it shall come with a free constitution, pro-
hibiting; slavery forever within her borders, and
containing provisions under which equal rights
before the law may be secured.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the gentleman from New
York'to yield to me to make a motion for the
postponement of this measure.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I shall do so.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this subject for two weeks from to-
morrow; and on that motion I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the Chair whether the
bill, if postponed, will maintain its present posi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It will. Being a special
order it will be postponed as a special oider.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I appeal to the
gentleman from Iowa to withdraw his motion, and
let the bill be disposed of one way or the other.
Mr.WILSON. I cannot withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. A vote to post-
pone is equivalent to a vote to kill the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, called for the yeas
and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 34, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. .Alley, Ames, Aneona, Arnold, Bally,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blaine, Bliss, Boyd, Brooks,
James H. Biown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Glay,C«>bb, Coffiotli,Colc, Cox,Cravens,Thoma*. T
D.ivi^, Dawes, Denmig, Deni-on,Dixon,Donnelly, Dries*?,
lickley, Edgeiton, Eldudge, Eliot. English, Faniswonh,
Finck, Fiank, Ganson, Under, Hardinz, Charles M. Hart is,
lleinek, lli"by, Asahel \V. Hubbard. John U. Ilubbaid,
lngeisoll, William Johnson, Orlando Kelloge, Keinan,
Law, Lazear, Littlejolni, Long, Mallory, Marry, Maivln,
MeAlhbtor, Mclndoe, iMoKmney, Samuel F. Mil lei, Mor-
rill, James It. Morns, AmotMycis, Leonaid Myers, Noble,
Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Oithj Pat^eison, Pendleton, Put-
Iiam, Pike, Pi ice, Itadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Jolin H. Rice, Rogers,Edwatd
II. Roll ins, James S. Rollins, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Spal-
ding, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiouse, Stuart, Thayer,
Thomas, Townsend, Van Valkenbmgh, WruNwoith, Eiihu
B. Washbuine, William B. Washburn, VVcb.ster, Chilton
A. White. Joseph W. While, Williams, Wilson,Fernando
Wood, Woiilmigton, and Yeainan—103.
MAYS—Mes^is. Allison. Ashley, John D. Baldwin. Boa-
man, Boutwell, Bratidegre, Bioomall, Creswell, Henry
Winter Davis, Eden, Uaifield, Gnnnell, Hainngton, IIol-
man, Ka&son, Kelley, Francis W. Krllog*?, K.mx, Lonjf-
yeai, MeBrido, MoCluig, Daniel Moms, Mormon, John
O'Neill, Itobinson, Ros.., Schenek, Seofiold, Sloan, Smith-
eift, Starr, Stiles, Cpson, and Wilder—3-1.
NOT VOTING—.Mesvi-j James (J- Allen, William J.*
Allen, Anderson, Blan, Blow, William G. Brown, Daw-
soil, Dumont, Goocii, Gnswold, Ilale.'llall, Benjamin G.
Hams, Hooper, Ilotehkirfi', liulburd, ilutchins, Jenekes,
Philip Johnson, Julian, Kulbflcnseh, King, Kmipp, Le
Blond, Loan, McDowell, Muldleton, Wilharti II. Miller,
Mooihead, Nelson, Odell, Periv, Pomeioy, Piujii, Wil-
liam d. Steele, Swe:it, Tiaey, Voorhees, Waul, VVhaley,
Wheelei, Windom, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood,and Wood-
bridge—-15.
So the bill was postponed till Wednesday,
February 1.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr, STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and proceed to the consideration of the
special order, the bill (H. R. No. G21) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1866.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly lesolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the biil making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June. 18GG.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that the bill be
at once read by paragraphs for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the first reading will be dispensed with.
There was no objection
The bill was read through by clauses.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding the following as a new section:
*3w7 6e it further enacted, That section four of chapter
forty-five of the public acts of the first session of the Thir-
ty-Eighth Congress relating to cadets " found deficient" is
hereby repealed.
I will endeavor to explain this amendment in
a very few words. After an effort, persistently
continued for many years, the academic board at
West Point succeeded at the last session of Con-
gress in incorporating in an appropriation bill the
following section:
i: That cadets found deficient in any examination shall not
be continued at the Military Academy, or be reappointed
except upon the recommendation of the academic board."
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the term " found defi-
cient" referred simply to deficiency of cadets in
their studies, and went to impeach their mental
capacity, 1 should think the above an eminently
proper law. No one desires to retain in the Acad-
emy for education at the public expense young
men of inferior Kilents. Bat unfortunately, by
the regulations in force atWestPoint, the "defi-
ciency" of a cadet is founded as much upon petty
irregularities of conduct—many of them utterly
inconsiderable—as upon his character as a stu-
dent and his rank and standing in the class-room.
For these trivial offenses the cadets receive cle-
ment marks, and if these happen to reach one
hundred in six months in the case of anyone ca-
det he is doomed to dismissal from the Academy,
and the provision which I have moved to repeal
takes away from him his last appeal to the Sec-
retary of War or the President. To show the
character of the offenses for which a cadet may
thus be dismissed, I quote from an official docu-
ment a partial list of them, with the penalty at-
tached:
" Bed not properly folded at 10 and II a. m.—one de-
merit."
'* Bed down at inspection—one demerit."
<£ CuiiauN not di.iwn back at 0.45 a. in.—one demerit."
" Name of loom-mate not en oideily boaid at 10 a. m.
—two demerits."
" Unauthorized clothes-bag In possession—one demei it."
" Floor out of order near wash-btand—four demerits."
<cOdor of tobacco-smoke m loom—four demerits."
And a long list of similar grave offenses ! The
last one quoted is a little remarkable when it is
known that tobacco and cigars are purchased by
the cadets on tlie Point with the permission of the
authorities of the Academy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what I complain of is
that a cadet may ytand among the first of his
class in attainments, in habits of study, in prom-
ise as a soldier, and yet if he gets one hundred
demerit marks in six months for such petty of-
fenses as I have quoted, there is no power in the
War Department, there is no power in the Presi-
dent, there is no power under heaven that can
retain him in the Academy—except the power of
the Academic Board, which, by ail the presump-
tions in the case, will not be exercised m his be-
half. Let me give an instance that occurred within
my own knowledge before this law of 1864 was
passed—an instance which illustrates, so far as a
simple example may, the beneficence of leaving
the power of restoration in the hands of the Sec-
retary of War. In 18611 happened to be one of the
Board of Visitors to the Military Academy, and
while there a young man was " found deficient"
and dismissed, because of one hundred dement
maiks he had received in six months for such
petty offenses as I have quoted. His " deficiency"
had no reference to his scholarship, as he was con-
ceded to be among the brightest and most prom-
ising of his class. Interested very deeply in his
behalf, I camc to Washington and successfully
interceded with the Secretary of War, who, 011
hearing his case, ordered him to be readmitted to
the Academy. He subsequently graduated very
high in class-rank, and since his entrance upon
active service has distinguished himself as an of-
ficer of great merit, serving with efficiency and
distinction as an ordnance officer on Sheridan's
staff in that splendid and victorious campaign in
the valley of the Shenandoah. Sir, this is but
one instance of many tiiat might be named of ca-
dets " found deficient"—restored to the Academy
—graduating with honor and serving with dis-
tinction in the Army. I could give some very
notable ones did not delicacy forbid my allusion
to them by name in this public debate.
Many of the cadets, sir, who have been very
precise and decorous in their conduct in matters
of petty discipline at the Academy, and manage
to pass through smoothly, often graduating with
high rank obtained by a very strict attention to
" folding of beds by 10 a. m." and " drawing of
curtains at precisely 6.45 a. ra.," are unfortu-
nately never heard from afterward. Their names
do not always figure in the record of our bloody
battles, and they have achieved no distinction in
this war with all its thousand opportunities, while
on the other hand not a few of the graduates of
the Academy who at the Point had the "odor of
tobacco in their rooms,"and whose " floors were
out of order near the wash-stand," have blazoned
their names high on the roll of'fame for conduct
as gallant and skill as great as ever graced the
battle-fields of any age or country.
I insist, therefore, Mr. Chairman, in conclu-
sion, that we should i-estore to the Secretary of
War and the President the power which the law
of last year took away from them. If a case can
be made out ill favor of any cadet strong enough
to warrant his restoration, he should be restored,
and the Academic Board thus be reminded that
their conclusions arenotabsolutely infallible, but
that, like other men, they are liable to err—to err
in the future as they have erred in judgment in
the past.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, whether this
will leach the object of the gentleman from
Maine, I am not quite sure. Before this law was
passed at the last session of Congress, there was
a rule of the Academy precisely the same in its
character. It was held that a member could not
renominate a cadet when he was once dropped.
It was held that he should be recommended by
the Board of the Academy. When the law is re-
pealed, will notthatrule remain? If thisamend-
ment will, besides repealing the law of the last
session, do away with the rule of the Academy
to which I have referred, I think I will go for it.
Before that rule was adopted, if a cadet were
dropped, a member' eould fill his own vacancy
and renominate the same cadet, who could be
tried again. When that rule was adopted by
the Academy a member could not renominate a
cadet who had been dropped, nor eould anybody
else. I only want to know whether the amend-
ment reaches the whole case.
Mr. BLAINE. It reaches effectively any such
case where the Secretary of War or the President
may think it right to intervene.
Mr. STEVENS. I should go further and say
that a member should have the power to renomi-
nate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I hope that
this amendment will be adopted, and that the mat-
ter will be restored to what it was prior to the
passage of the section at the last session which
has been read to the House. The object of that
section seems to protect the Academy against any
possible supposition tha't it may be mistaken in
its decision in regard to any cadet. I agree with
the gentleman from Maine, and I would, as a gen-
eral rule—of course there are exceptions—turn the
graduating classes the other end foremost when
I expected to secure efficient soldiers. The fact
thus far seems to have been that the heads of the
graduating classes at West Point, and so with the
Naval Academy at Newport, are men peculiarly
well qualified to become principals of female acad-
emies or colleges: excellent gentlemen, but with
no qualities for field service. The removal of this
objection is one step, it seems to me, toward a cor-
rection of the evil, and is one step toward correct-
ing what may be the possible mistakes of the
faculty of that Academy. It permits an appeal
from their decisions, and enables young men of
spirit and metal, mischievous sometimes, to have
things mala prohibits butnotmaio perse prevented
from denying them the privileges of the Academy.
I hope that the amendment will prevail.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read:
For commutation of subsistence, $4,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike that out;
and I would like to have an explanation of it.
Mr. STEVENS. It is nothing more than to
pay for board, and has always been provided in
this shape.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, and that we
take up tire legislative, &c., appropriation bill.
