302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. SPALDING. I object, and want a vote
taken on laying the bill aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the
question to the committee.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee next took up for consideration
the bill (H. R. No. 64D) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1866, which was made a special
order for this day.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed with.
Mr. BROOKS. I must object for the present
until I can have time to examine the bill.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill, but was subsequently interrupted by
Mr. BROOKS, who withdrew his objection.
No further objection being made thefirstread-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk
proceeded to read the bill by clauses for amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by insert-
ing on page 4, line sixty-two, the following:
For removing the unsightly high fence or railing which
lia& been erected In the old IJ allot Representatives, $200.
It will be recollected that at the last session of
this Congress a liberal appropriation was made
for the purpose of putting the old Hall of Rep-
resentatives into a condition for receiving such
statuary as should hereafter be furnished by the
several States, of eminent deceased citizens. Very
properly, in pursuance of that provision of law,
there has been a pavement or tile floor put down
in that Hall; but for some reason understood by
nobody, perhaps, but the architect himself, there
has been a passage way, as every one knows, con-
structed, and shut in by a high bronze fence
on either side, winch makes the place look much
more like a menagerie for shutting up on either
hand such wild beasts as might come into the pos-
session of the Government than for any other
purpose.
As to the statuary, cither in groups or single
figures, no one, unless he be a tall man, will
have the privilege to look at them from his place
in that passage without raising upon his tiptoes.
As to shorter persons, and ladies in particular,
they cannot reach up to the top of the rail to get
a peep at them; and no one will be permitted in
any event to approach them in order to inspect
and enjoy any works of art.
1 would rather see the whole Hall left open, ov
if there must be a railing, a low, light, graceful
railing, a work of art in itself, than that great
rude, rough, unsightly" structure now there, de-
stroying the whole original object of the appio-
priauon. I do not know whose taste it is, and I
do not know that anybody agrees with me in the
opinion I have expressed; but it strikes my mind
that nothing could have been done which would
more disfigure and destroy the effect of that fine
hall or room or defeat ait the purposes for which
Congress chose to set it apart, than just what
somebody has done by the work I speak of.
I do not propose anything being done except,
fust, the clearing out of the way that which has
been done. Perhaps other gentlemen may have
something to propose in the way of further im-
provement.
Before I sit down I will say that if it is designed
that statuary shall be viewed at all, that object
can be accomplished, if an inelosure at all is ne-
cessary, either by some light railing which will
leave the statuary open to view, or by some suf-
ficient railing, if that is required, around each
group, thus leaving the whole Hall open to be
walked through, like any other gallery of art in
any other country. Now it looks more like a pen,
or a menagerie, or anything else, rather than a
place for works of art.
Mr. MORRILL, i presume the gentleman
from Ohio has accomplished his main purpose by
calling attention to the fact of the unsightly iron
railing which now exists. I cordially concur with
him in all his criticisms in relation to it. At the
earliest moment after I saw thecommencementof
that railing, soon after reaching the capital, before
the session of Congress commenced, i waited
upon the architect and remonstrated with him as
to the style and manner of it. After some con-
sultation he was ready to admit that it was wrong,
and that he was willing to put in a very different
railing of a very different style; but he said it
would be impossible to do it while Congress was
in session, with the constant passing to and fro
through the hall, without interfering with the
workmen; and hence that it would be necessary
to delay the work until after the adjournment.
It is very obvious that the criticism of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is just as to the massive char-
acter of that work, it is, for all useful purposes
nothing more than a fence, not only to keep peo-
ple away from the statuary that may hereafter be
erected there, but to keep away spectators from
viewing it. The railing should have been con-
structed so as to leave an open area in the center,
either a circle or a hexagon, so that the spectators
might have remained out of the way of those
passing to and fro to this Hall, and ought to have
been a beautiful structure, light and artistic, in-
stead of being a very common and coarse one.
I trust, however, that undei the circumstances,
the House will not appropriate anything to remove
the railing, for it has at least this useful purpose,
that of preventing many frequenters of this build-
ing from scratching their names upon the beauti-
ful columns there, as has already been done.
Mr. SLOAN. What was the cost of this rail-
ing?
Mr. MORRILL. 1 believe the cost was some
§3,700. [Cries of "Oh! Oh!"]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose that some ap-
propriation may be necessary in order to have
this ungainly, unwieldy fence lemoved immedi-
ately. I hope that at all events $100 will be ap-
propriated, and that the fence will be taken out
of the way forthwith. In my opinion an ordi-
nary rail fence would be preferable, and would
look better, put up by the original " rail-splitter"
of Illinois. [Laughter.]
This is really a matter of some importance.
Here is a fence within the Capitol of the nation
that disfigures that part of the building which has
been set apart wherein works of ait and all that
goes to beautify and adorn the Capitol are to be
preserved and admired by those who come here
to behold them; they are to be confronted with a
fence nine feet high, I think; 1 may put it a trifle
too high, but I think it ought to be removed at
once. I think this appropriation ought to be
made. I do not believe there is a member of this
House who, when he passes through that Hall,
does not shudder as if he were entering the walls
of some prison rather than a chamber dedicated
to works of art. I hope that an appropriation of
$100 will be made to remove the fence, and that
no appropriation will be made for another fence.
I do not think we need to be fenced up in this
manner. When the works of art are placed there,
let a policeman be stationed there to preseve them
from those who might be vandals enough to de-
stroy them; but let us not be debarred from ad-
miring what may be worthy of admiration; let
the fence be removed, whether there is any stat-
uary there or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I'will modify my amend-
ment so as to mnke the appropi lation ^100 in-
stead of $200. I do not shrink , sir, from my pur-
pose and desire to have this fence removed in
consequence of anything which has been said by
the honorable gentleman who represents the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I am inclined to be-
lieve that perhaps my first propovSition, made on
the spur of the moment, to appropriate $200 was
too liberal, and I therefore prefer to modify the
amendment so as to give only $100.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest to the gentleman
that he add the words "or so much thereof as
may be necessary."
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept that modification
of my amendment. I would go further if it were
possible, and would make the architect, whoever
he may be, who designed and put the fence there,
himself pay for its removal. I do not understand,
however, to whom we are indebted for this work
of art, and I would beg the gentleman who repre-
sents the Committee of Ways and Means to tell
me if he can who was designated to carry out that
provision of law.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 believe that the architect
of the Capitol is wholly responsible for the design
and for the work.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, sir, in reply to the
gentleman from Vermont 1 have this objection to
make. 1 am unwilling to leave the matter to the
discretion of anybody who was capable of put-
ting it there in the first place. It seems to me
that a man who exercised the discretion committed
to him by the law of last session by putting up
such an erection as that is not fit for anything ex-
cept to carry out our purpose by taking it down.
I am not willing, therefore, having seen such spe-
cimens of his discretion and taste, to make the
provision any other than absolute, that he shall
remove, and remove immediately, what he has
put there.
The gentleman from Vermont, says, however,
that it is important to keep it there during the
session of Congress, in order to protect the pil-
lars of that fine old Hall from being scratched and
disfigured. Why, sir, in the two lines immedi-
ately preceding the point in the bill where I pro-
pose to have this amendment inserted, I find an
appropriation of $10,234 for Capitol police. If
our Capitol police, to whom wegivetenoreleven
thousand dollars, are not capable of protecting
these pillars from injury by men or boys, itseems
to me that we make but a poor appropriation in
that direction too. I am willing to have the whole
fence removed, and to leave the protection of that
Hall and of its surroundings just as they were
and had been, somewhat to our disgrace, for a
number of years before we made this appropria-
tion last winter for its renovation and better con-
dition. I have no fear, therefore, that our Capi-
tol police, if it be good for anything, will not be
able to protect the pillais of the old llall, even
from members of Congress, without the help of
that fence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I propose to say only a few words on this
matter. It certainly is not very surprising that we
have thisdebateonthissubject here to-day. Noth-
ing must be done at the last session of Congress but
to vote «n appropriation of money for fitting up
that old Hall. We made a very liberal appropri-
ation; and the architect, Mr. Walter, a very dis-
tinguished and eminent gentleman in his profes-
sion, has gone to work and put up this fence.
And I beg leave to differ most emphatically from
the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] and my
colleague [Mr. Ingersoll] in regard to it. I
admire the taste of it, [laughter;] and I trust that
the work having been done, we will not go to
spending more money to have the fence taken
down. It is a good strong fence. [Laughter.]
The gentleman fiom Ohio could not jump over it.
[Laughter.] It leaves a straight way to the Sen-
ate, to which some gentleman have not yet been
able to arrive. [Laughter.] I trust that the com-
mittee will not go to making any further appro-
priations for this purpose.
There i§ another plan on foot now. We have had
this magnificent Hall constructed—a Hall which,
I believe, every gentleman who was condemned
to sit in the old Hall was satisfied with; but a
proposition is on foot to expend half a million,
more or less.
Mr. MORRILL. More.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. More, the
gentleman from Vermont says, in order to re-
model this Hall. I am opposed to all of this. I
think that matters are well enough as they are,
and that it is well for us in the present state of
affairs not to make any more appropriations in
this way.
Mr. MORRILL. While I do not differ from
the gentleman from Ohio in his main object, yet
I think this is the wrong place to offer the amend-
ment which he has pioposed, and if 1 had not
been entirely willing that he should make this
expose I would have raised a point of order on
the amendment. But as it is very certain that the
aichitect, whose taste, in some respects at least,
we ail admire, made a mistake in this matter,
which he is ready to correct at the earliest oppor-
tunity, 1 think we should give him a fair oppor-
tunity. In reference to removing this fence J will
say to the gentleman that the posts on winch this
railing rests are ail of them deeply anchored in
the foundation; and if the fence is to be lemoved
it will be necessary that a large share of the tiling
be taken up. I trust, therefore, that these repairs
will not be required to be made during the session,
and that gentlemen will be willing to wait till the
close of the session.
