1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
The question- was taken on Mr. Schenok's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I observe in the bill the follow-
ing item:
For expenses of heating and ventilating apparatus, $16,000.
Now, there is no question that the heating ap-
paratus is very efficient; but I would be glad if
the committee would give us some information
as to the ventilating apparatus. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that almost every
gentleman has taken occasion to " ventilate" him-
self during this session; and so far as ventilating
the Hall is concerned, I suppose we shall have to
wait until the special committee report. They
are now receiving evidence on that subject, and I
understand will report soon.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I observe
that the Clerk has just read this clause:
For miscellaneous items, $30,000.
1 desire, for my own information, to have this
item explained. I do not see the necessity of
considering these appropriation bills unless we
understand what the appropriations are for. Here
is the round sum of §30,000 appropriated—for
what? I call upon the members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to explain so that we
may vote understanding^ upon this subject. If
it is meant as a contingent fund for any officer of
the Senate, let it be so understood. If it is for
any specific items, let them be stated, so that we
may vote understandingly. Otherwise I shall
move to strike it out.
Mr. MORRILL. Ithasbeen the practice here-
tofore to allow each House generally to control
its own expenses. These items are just as they
have been for years in relation to the Senate, and
we have not felt at liberty to change them. 1 con-
fess that I do not know precisely for what pur-
poses this amount is appropriated to the Senate;
butit is nothing more than what has usually been
allowed heretofore.
Mr. SPALDING. If ithas been usual to allow
it, I must submit. I have nothing further to say.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking out
this item of $30,000. I am asked by a gentleman
on my left why I would have it stricken out. I
answer, because I do not know any reason why
it should be there. If I should vote $30,000 for
miscellaneous items, and should afterwards be
unable to tell what was the object of thirty cents
of that expenditure, T should occupy, I think, a
rather unenviable position before my constituents,
before the world, and before the bar of my own
conscience.
Now, I think that we have gone far enough in
voting appropriations with out knowing what they
are for. I opposed, last session, the appropria-
tion to fix up the old Hall; and now we learn
that $3,700 of thatmoney has been squandered for
a " fence." We are now asked to vote $30,000
for miscellaneous items," and no man on this
floor can tell what thirty cents of that appropria-
tion are for. Is money so plentiful in ourTreas-
ury that we can afford thus to vote it away? 1
have yet to learn that fact. But it has been the
practice of this House ever since I have been a
member of it to vote money without stintor limit,
at the same time when we are appealing, not only
to our own people, but to Europe for money to
carry on this war. How long will it be before
we shall exercise a little common sense and pru-
dence in voting away the money which the peo-
ple are taxed to the utmost limit to raise? Here
is an appropriation for $30,000, with no man able
to tell us where it is to go! How can I vote for
an appropriation of that kind? I think that we
have gone about far enough. If we are determ-
/ned to proceed in this way, it is about time that
we should do what Judas did when he had re-
ceived bis thirty pieces of silver. Such outrageous
legislation is wjthoutany excuse whatever. Gen-
tlemen get up here and ask the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means what certain ap-
propriations are for, and they cannot tell. The
only information we can get is that such appro-
priations have been made heretofore! Can usage
sanctify so improper a system? No man in his
private affairs attempts to do business in this
way.
Sir, I speak with some feeling on this subject,
because I have again and again and again at-
tempted to raise my voice in opposition to this
system of reckless expenditure; butit has been
as chaff before the wind. I undertake to say that
it is time that the Representatives of the people
should look to this matter, and practice in their
public capacity the same principles of economy
which they follow in their own private business
affairs. When we do thus we may expect the
people to pay their taxes with some kind of good
nature. It is but natural that the people should
expect us to give some reasonable statement of
the objects of theappropriations which we make,
that they should expect us to give an account of
our stewardship. If we continue our present
reckless system, we can only say to the people,
" We do not know what has become of your
money. We did not lay it away in a napkin,
like another unfaithful steward; but we have
squandered it, and have nothing in the world to
show for it." I shall oppose it although I may
be alone; and I shall oppose all such appropria-
tions. 1 shall vote for nothing unless I am satis-
fied there is some utility in it, so that when 1 go
back to my constituents 1 can be able to answer
them intelligibly what I have done in reference to
their money. For, sir, it is their money and not
ours. It is their money, and we ought not to
appropriate $30,000until we know exactly where
it is going. We have not so much money, I take
it, that we can throw it away recklessly. No,
sir; I say that this House ought not to pass an
appropriation until it is satisfied that it is for a
good purpose. Let money only be applied to
good purposes and then the people will cheerfully
bear the burdens of this war. If we go on in this
reckless manner we must expect complaints.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, from the
gentleman's earnestness one would suppose that
a large portion of the revenue collected in the Uni-
ted States was collected in his district. If the gen-
tleman will examine he will find that but a small
portion comes out of his own particular people.
If the gentleman hud made an inquiry in reference
to the expenditures in the House of Representa-
tives and had waited until we had progressed that
far in the bill, I would have been ready to have
replied. He will find that the same amount is
appropriated for the House of Representatives,
and that is appropriated for the various expendi-
tures for repairs of the Hall, repairs of the furni-
ture, funeral expenses of members, Sergeant-at-
Arms, contestants, &c. They are the expendi-
tures which have been alluded to. I presume that
that is the character of the amendments of the
Senate; but so far as this House is concerned, as
I said when I rose at first, we have not felt at lib-
erty to control the expendituies of the Senate,
claiming the right on our part to control the ex-
penditures of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I am not prepared, Mr. Chair-
man, to say that I shall vote to strike out this
item, but 1 am prepared to say that this House
receives very little comfort from the Committee
of Ways and Means, when any inquiry is made
concerning items embraced in appropriation bills.
I do not say that it is because they do not desire to
give us the information, but I presume it arises
from the fact that the committee is not able to
give examination to all of the items embraced in
the bills which they report. That arises, sir,
from the fact that they have too many duties to
perform. That committee has absorbed business
enough in this House to demand the attention of
three or four committees. The appropriations,
themselves, aside from all the other business
which goes to them, is sufficient for the attention
of any one committee of the House.
During the last session I sent a resolution to
the Committee on Rules, requesting that commit-
tee to inquire into the expediency of creatingtwo
additional standing committees in order that the
business which now goes to the Committee of
Ways and Means might be divided and receive
the attention of three committees of this House
instead of one. But no report was mq.de at that
session. I have renewed that application by a
resolution sent to that committee at this session,
and 1 hope that it will be acted upon favorably.
Now, sir, the manner in which these appropri-
ation bills are received from that comrmttce and
the manner in which they are disposed of m this
House results in this, that the heads of the De-
partments hold to-day the appropriating power
of this Government. What a head of Department
recommends is put into an appropriation bill as
a matter of course. If the Committee of Ways
and Means is asked for information in relation to
any item we are told that it has been recommended
by such and such officer. Thus the Representa-
tives of the people, who are engaged in appropri-
ating money, receive no information, not, i say
again, because the committee have no desire to
give information, but because they have not time
to devote to the various items in the bill in order
to be prepared to give that information.
I make these remarks, sir, more for the purpose
of calling to the attention of the House the neces-
sity of reform in this respect than to support the
motion to strike out this item. We must have
reform or we can never know what these appro-
priations are for; we can never know whether
they are just and proper; and we can never know
whether we are appropriating too much money
or too little. We should have a committee that
should have abundant time to prepare'bills so that
the members may have full information on the
subject.
I hope, therefore, that this measure of reform
will receive some attention, not only at the hands
of the Committee on Rules but also the attention
of the members of the House, for it is one very
much needed for the good of the public service.
Mr. KASSON. I do not propose, in the ab-
sence of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to enter into a general defense of the
action of that committee. Iam unwilling, how-
ever, as one humble member of that committee,
to allow to go unanswered the suggestion of my
friend and colleague from Iowa, in which he
said that the heads of Departments are the con-
trolling power in making appropriations.
Mr. WILSON. I made thatsuggestion chiefly
upon the fact, which is apparent to every member
of this House, that when an appropriation bill is
under consideration and information is asked, the
chairman of the committee or the member of the
committee having the measure in charge, inva-
riably turns to the estimates furnished by the
heads of Departments and says,u Here is the esti-
mate furnished by the Department, and it calls for
so much."
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to interrupt the
gentleman to say that the estimates are based upon
positive law, as are our bills, in which we pro-
pose to appropriate precisely what is required of
us—that is, the expenses authorized by law.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly the gentleman from
Vermont will not pretend to say that the law de-
termines what amount of appropriation shall be
made for each particular purpose; what amount
of appropriation shall be made for the support of
the Army and Navy, for instance. If, sir, the
law determines all these facts, what necessity of
consuming the time of the House in considering
appropriation bills at all?
Mr. KASSON. I will now proceed to say
what I rose fbr the purpose of saying. So far
from the habit of the committee being that sug-
gested by my friend and colleague, it is the con-
stant habitof the committee to do two things: one
is, that if they deem it necessary to make an exam-
ination themselves personally more fully than the
head of a Departmentcan do it, the committee go
to tne Departmentfor thatpurpose; and secondly,
that scarcely a day, certainly I may say not a
week, passes, in which, in compliance with the
request of the committee, some of the heads of the
bureaus are not brought before the committee for
the purpose of making the precise explanation
which we are charged with inability to make. I
beg my fiiend and colleague to make the charge
specific, if he has one, touching the inability or
failure to make these examinations. This morn-
ing no less than two heads of bureaus have been
before the committee for the very purpose of giv-
ing the committee information which they desired
to have. And now, to come to the precise point
before the House, let me say that not only the
particular items named by my colleague upon the
committee, but the incidental expenses of the com-
mittee rooms, the ice that cools ^ur water (I hope
nothing which heats the water) and everything
of that kind is indnded in the incidental expenses.
A thousand things are included, embracing the
expenses of contested-election cases, and the fees
of the Sergeant-at-Arms in carrying out the or-
ders of the House. And I will state to the gen-
tleman what perhaps he does not know, that the
system touching the auditing of these expendi-
tures is as well established by the auditor ani
