304:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January 17.
comptroller in charge of the matter as in reference
to any other expenditures made by the Govern-
ment. The accounting officers hold the disbursing
officers of the two Houses to the same strict re-
sponsibility in the production of vouchers, and
in requiring those vouchers to conform to the long-
established usages of the Government, as if theie
was a specific law touching this appropriation.
The whole thing is guarded by the usage which
has become a law in the accounting Department
of the Government.
If either my jolleague or any other gentleman
of the House can tell me how much these inci-
dental and miscellaneous items will amount to for
the next year, I will vote with them to fix them
at that sum; but if they cannot it is their duty,l
say, as it is mine, to accept the estimates made
by the officers of the Senate and House as the
probable amount that will be required.
Mr. DRIGGS. At the last session of Congress
we made an appropriation of $12,500 to rebuild
the President's stables. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa if he has any information
leading him to know what amount of that appro-
priation has been expended, for it seems to me,
looking at the condition of the walls of those
stables after they were burned, eight or ten thou-
sand dollars was all that was required to rebuild
them.
We have heard nothing in reference to the man-
tier in which that appropriation has been ex-
pended, and I would like to know how the mat-
ter stands.
Mr. KASSON. I shall be obliged to refer my
friend to the auditor having charge of that portion
of the expenditure of the (government, and to the
Committee on Expenditures appointed by this
House, as that matter docs not come within the
province of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PRICE. 1 wish to say a word in reply to
the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. KASSON. 1 yield the floor to my col-
league.
Mr. PRICE. I have but a word to say, and I
should not have said that word but for a remark
or two'which fell from the gentleman from Ver-
mont that I think were entirely irrelevant to the
question before the committee. It is true that the
residents of my district, the men that I repre-
sent, do not pay all the taxes to support this
Government. If that item of information is of
any value to the gentleman from Vermont he now
has it. Hut I want to say that no constituency,
in proportion to their means and ability, pay any
more of the expenses of this Government than do
my constituents. They fight well, they vote well,
and they pay well. If you want any better con-
stituency than that, I do not think you can find
it even m the mountains of Vermont.
But the gentleman makes another observation:
lie says that theie is a siuulai appropriation made
in this bill for the llouso. Ay, sir, that is the
point. Pass this appiopriation for the Senate,
an appropriation of $30,000 for what you do not
knowanything about, andwhen you come to the
similar appropriation for the House, if there is
any attempt to resist the appropriation of $30,000
for the House, it will be said, "Oh, you have
voted $30,000 for the Senate, and established the
precedent, and therefore you must vote $.30,000
for the House; because you have done one wrong
you must do another."
Now, I never was educated in that school and
do not understand that way of doing business.
Show me what you want this money for and that
it is necessary for the purpose of carrying on the
machinery of the Government, and I will vote for
every dollar that the Committee of Ways and
Means ask, and then 1 can go home to my con-
stituents and ask them to stand any kind of tax-
ation. But do not ask me here now, or at any
other time, or in any other place, to vote one dol-
lar or one cent unless I can be assured by some
gentleman who is presumed to know something
about it, that the money is absolutely necessary
for the purposes of the Government.
In regard to the remark of my colleague who is
on the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Kasson] that there are ten thousand items—that,
i think, was his expression—that we cannotknow
anything about, I ask any gentleman to examine
this bill and tell me whether the specifications are
not tolerably numerous. There is a specification
of almost everything, and of some things that no
one would think of unless he read it. Every con-
ceivable item is specified, and then you putin an
item of §30,000 for this end of the Capitol and
$30,000 for the other, making §60,000 to be ex-
pended, and not a man above ground, not a man
living or to be born hereafter can tell what it is
for. You ask men in their sober senses to vote
$60,000 without knowing what sixty cents of it
is for. I am utterly astonished, perfectly sur-
prised. I would not be so much surprised'but
that the same thing is done here time and again.
I undertake to say thatif gentlemen look through
this appropriation bill, they will find other items
of a kindred character. 1 hope the House will
not vote anything unless they know what it is
for. I ask for tellers on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Price and
Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
ayes 37, noes 54.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the bill on
page 6, line one hundred and eleven, by insert-
ing after the appropriation for the Congressional
Globe the words:
And to pay the publishers for binding the same, $48,800.
The Globe of last session has not been deliv-
ered, so far as I can learn, to any member of the
House, and I propose that the publishers shall
proceed to bind it, so that it may be delivered
while gentlemen remain members of Congress.
It will save the Government printing office just
the amount that this will cost. The work is now
bound at the Government printing office, and that
establishment is so overburdened that we have
not yet got the Globe for last session, and do not
know when we will get it. This amendment
merely transfers the work; it neither increases
nor diminishes the cost, but transfers the work
to an establishment that will be able to deliver
the Globe to members during this Congress.
Mr, NOBLE. Mr. Chairman, I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to amend
his amendment so as to limit the tune within which
the work shall be done. I have had a conversa-
tion at the Globe office, wherein I was told that
the work could be done there, and that the vol-
umes could be ready for delivery within ninety
days fiom the close of any session of Congress.
Mr. ICELLEY. I am not advised on that point.
I therefore make no suggestion. I know that it
would expedite the delivery of the books very
much. I will accept as an amendment any proper
and just limitation.
Mr. NOBLE. I had a conversation with the
chief clerk at the Globe office, in which he said
that they could do the work within that time.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, will the gentleman sug-
gest a proviso?
Mr. NOBLE. I will; "provided the work be
done within ninety days from the close of the
session."
Mr. KELLEY. I accept the modification.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelley's
amendment, as modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. With a view to obtain infor-
mation, 1 move to strike out the words " Capitol
Police, $13,9;20." We have already passed over
an item of ^10,534 for Capitol police. 1 should
like to know what we want with two appropria-
tions of over $24,000 for Capitol police.
Mr. MALLORY. Because ittakes that amount
of money to keep them. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERIN AN. No one knows it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment cannot
be entertained except by unanimous consent, the
committee having passed fiom that portion of the
bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. KELLEY. It has been suggested to me
that it would be well to modify my amendment
in regard to the binding of the Congressional
Globe, by inserting the words after the amount,
" or so much thereof as may be necessary."
There being no objection, it was so modified.
Mr. PRICE. I should like to know what this
item is for:
For one complete wet of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each Representative and Delegate in the first
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, who has not already
received the same, $23,000.
I want to know whether it is for furnishing
complete sets of the Congressional Globe from
the commencement of the work.
Mr. MORPvILL. I would refer the gentleman
from Iowa to the act of last session making anew
bargain with the publishers of the Globe, by
which the old terms were to be continued, to give
a complete set to new members.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike o.ut the follow-
ing item:
For horses, carriages, and saddle horses, $9,000.
I make the motion to strike it out in order to
know what the item is for. It may be necessary,
but I do not know it. I want to know what the
necessity is for the use of horses and carriages,
and saddle horses. We have city cars which give
us the means of getting from one point of the city
to another without having to hire carriages and
saddle horses.
Mr. MORRILL. These horses and carriages
are used for the purpose of carrying mails and
books to and from the public printing office.
There are one or two horses used for mail boys
or pages to carry letters and packages.
The question was taken on Mr. Price's amend-
ment, and it was 1 ejected.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out the following: "For miscellaneous items,
$30,000." I make the motion for the same reason
that I have already given to the committee, and
I shall not consume time in reiterating those rea-
sons. We have traveled over one page on^y of this
bill since we passed a similar item of $30,000, and
here is another appropriation of $30,000 staring
us in the face " for miscellaneous items," which
covers all creation and the rest of mankind.
[Laughter.] It may be right. I do not know
but u is. f want to know whether u is so or not
before 1 vote for it. 1 see no reason for putting
in the sweeping appropriation of $30,000 for mis-
cellaneous items without specifying what they
are. Our Government has been in operation long
enough for xis to know what money is wanted
for. it appears to me that there are specifications
of items enough without putting in on every page
an appropriation of $30,000 for miscellaneous
items.
Mr. BROOKS. That is evidently a misprint,
and 1 think that we are much indebted to the gen-
tleman from Iowa for calling attention to it. It
is a misprint, I am sure. It never was the inten-
tion of the committee to double the amount. This
but confirms the fact that the Committee of Ways
and Means have so much to do that they have
not time to read their own bills.
Mr. MORRILL. It but confirms the fact that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] has
not had time to read this bill, although he first
announced that he had read it through. If he had
read it through he would have discovered that
this is an appropriation for the House, whereas
the other was an appropriation for the Senate.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is due to myself to say
that I was not aware that I was to have charge
of this hill till a few moments before it came up;
therefore I had no opportunity to inform myself
particularly in regard to it. But I believe that all
the information which any fair-minded gentleman
has a right to demand in relation to this item has
been communicated by the committee. Every
gentleman of common business understanding
must know that, m relation to the expenditures
of this House, it is utterly impossible to include
in a bill of this kind every particular item. The
House has already been informed that the major
part of this expenditure is for the purpose of
supplying various articles to the House in the
way of repairs; that it is to defray the expenses
of contestants of elections; that if is to defray the
expenditures of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Under these circumstances, the matter having
already been discussed, I do not think it worth
while to consume further time on the subject.
Mr. PRICE. Now. sir, I insist that a gentle-
man who is acquainted with business transactions
does not find it to be the fact in his own affairs
that there must he, as the gentleman from Ver-
mont asserts there must be here, a large amount
of " miscellaneous" items that cannot be speci-
fied. I think, sir, that there are in this House
some gentlemen who have some claims to busi-
ness capacity outside of the Committee of Ways
and Means; and I mean no disrespect to that com-
mittee, because when I place them on a level with
othergentlemen of this House in reference to busi-
