1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
icp
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, Certainly.
. Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, i desire simply to say-
that I think one person appointed for this pur-
pose by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice of the Senate, would be able
to accomplish all that a joint committee of the
two Houses of Congress would accomplish.
Severn! Mf.mbkrs. Oh, no.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move, asan amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out all after the
words " consist of " to the word "Representa-
tives" inclusive, and to insert in Jieu thereof the
words " one person, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to have this
joint resolution again read. 1 admit the right of
Congress to create a commission for the purpose
of making this examination; but 1 do not admit
the right of this Congress, now about to expire,
to appoint a committee whose power shall con-
tinue during the recess. If this proposition be
put into such a shape as to provide for the crea-
tion of a commission, I shall have no objection
to it; but I do object to appointing members of
this House as such.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I think the legal
effect of the resolution will be the creation of a
commission.
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Iowa whether it is not better to let
this matter go over until to-morrow so that a bill
providing for the appointment of a commission
can be prepared. Tins Congress being about to
expire, I think it is not competent for this House
and the Senate to appoint a committee as a com-
mittee. I am very willing to join in the creation
of a commission to be properly appointed for this
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] can move to amend this
joint resolution so as to provide for a commis-
sion instead of a joint committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was about
to make that suggestion to the gentleman. He
can accomplish his purpose in that way.
Mr. STEVENS. But then the Speaker, as I
understand, is to be the appointing power.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I am not willing
to consent to a postponement of this matter until
to-morrow, because the delay may preclude any
action on the subject at this session of Congress.
1 desire action upon the resolution this morning,
in order that we may amend it, and that our amend-
ments may be concurred in by the Senate.
I demand the previous question upon my amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move that the hill,
with the pendingamendments,be laid on the table.
On the motion there were, on a division—
ayes 21, noes 46; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order tellers.
Mr. PRUYN. Before tellers are oidered, I
would suggest that this matter be allowed to go
over until to-morrow, immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal. That, I think, will meet the
objections of gentlemen on the other side.
'The SPEAKER. Is there unanimousronsent
that this matter shall go over until to-morrow
morning, immediately after the reading of the
Journal?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I object.
The SPEAKER appointed as tellers Mr. Hub-
bard, of Iowa, and Mr. Morris, of Ohio.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 18, noes 64; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I withdraw the call
fora division.
The motion to lay the bill and amendments on
the table was not agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for
a moment, in order that I may make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I withdraw it for
that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. It is this: the Committee of
Ways and Means has had a great desire to have
a careful report touching the best mode of deriv-
ing a revenue from the mineral resources of the
country, and a commission might be constituted
to embrace an inquiry into that as well as into
the condition of the Indian tribes. It would be
an economical measure to embrace both in one
commission.
Mr.DAWES. I understand that this bill pur-
poses to confer upon the Speaker of the House
and the President of the Senate the power to ap-
point such a commission. I suggest that this
provision of the Constitution is in the way: that
Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments. I know of no provision of
the Constitution which authorizes Congress to
clothe the Speaker of this House and the Presi-
dent of the Senate with power to make the ap-
pointment of any officer cieated by law.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That provision of the
Constitution does not affect this question at all.
The resolution does not propose the appointment
of officers.
Mr. DAWES. What does it do?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. The raising of a com-
mittee to furnish to the Senate and the House of
Representatives at the next session of Congress
information in reference to the condition of Indian
tribes upon the frontier.
Mr. DAWES. My friend cannotget around
the Constitution by calling this a committee in-
stead of an office. I take it that it does not make
any difference.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I do not propose to get
around it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. If we
refuse to second the demand for the previous
question will not amendment be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will when the pending
amendments are disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL. Will it be in order to move
to make it one commissioner to be appointed by
the President of the United States?
The SPEAKER. That amendment is now
pending.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
The House divided on the amendment of Mr.
Morris, of Ohio; and there were—ayes 24, noes
53; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment and make it
three.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object.
The SjREAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. j\ C. Allen and Morrill.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 34, noes 58.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Hubbard, of Iowa,
was then disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the words "of the present House"
and in lieu thereof to insert " who shall be mem-
bers of the next Congress."
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out that part which refers to members
of the Senate and the House, and to provide that
the commission shall consist of three, to be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will not be done. It is proposed that this shall
be a committee to inform the House at the next
session in reference to legislation for the benefit
of thelndians. I believe that the bill as itis will
secure the object we desire better than any com-
mission appointed by the President.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. This
House will expire at twelve o'clock meridian on
the next 4th of March, and no House of Repre-
sentatives will meet again until the first Monday
ofDecember,unless sooner convened by thePres-
ident. Therefore I think that the best method
would be as I propose, by a commission.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsylvania. I do notsee
why we cannot get this information as well by a
commission as by a committee appointed by the
Houses of Congress. I see an insurmountable
difficulty to the appointment of a committee by
this House, because this House expires on the
4th of March next, and you cannot appoint mem-
bers of the next Congress, because they are not
members until they are sworn in. They are not,
therefore, a commit tee of the Congress of the Uni-
ted Statcs.They become commissioners appointed
by the Congress of the United States, and hold
their offices by virtue of their appointrnent,"Mde-
pendent of their election as members ofthisHouse
or of the Senate. Then they become officersun-
der the United States Government, the holdiiigof
which is incompatible with the office of a. mem-
ber of Congress. To my friends upon tliis- side
of the House I desire, to say a word. I came
into the Hall at the time they were dividing,and
I protested at once against this proposition. Gen-
tlemen opened their eyes and seemed .to be as-
tonished that I opposed it, because they thought
it came partly from their own friends. So far as
that view is concerned I would go with them; but
I remember that two years ago, when by a joint
resolution of Congress the committee on the cow-
duct of the war had its existence prolonged be-
yond the term of office of the members thereof,
which expired on the 4th of Mareh, the Demo-
cratic party throughout the whole country raised
their joice against it, and said they were unauthor-
ized persons, and their report not legally author-
ized by law. I saw that these two cases '"were
exactly parallel, and I did not see how the Con-
gress of the United States could appoint a com-
mittee of its own body whose offices expired on the
4th of March, or of those who expected to come
into office at some future time. Therefore Ifavor
the proposition to let the authority be put into
the hands of the President of the United States,
to be exercised according to hisjudgment.
Mr. SHANNON. I said 
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I believe
I have the floor. I propose to call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to yield the floor.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I did not.
Mr. SHANNON. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I will.
Mr. SHANNON. 1 submit tlmt the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts is the
proper one. It is utterly impossible for any com-
mittee appointed now to report at the first session
of the next Congress. It would take a man one
whole year to travel West through those mount-
ainous regions and investigate the Indian depart-
ment of the three States there. If you cut down the
time the report will amount to nothing, and the
whole thing will amount to a farce. If you ap-
point three competent and well-qualified men for
the discharge of this duty, and give them time
enough, you may get something tangible to act
upon. Butif you undertake to appoint a commit-
tee of three members of Congress and send them
out, requiring them to report at the next session
of Congress, I submit that the whole thing will
result in a perfect farce.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. If the commis-
sion proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts shall take the place of the committee pro-
posed by the Senate resolution, I am satisfied that
the result of the investigation will be worthless.
The great object of the investigation is to enable
the Senate and the House of Representatives to
obtain correct information; and they propose that
their committee shall go and make the investiga-
tion and obtain facts upon the subject of their
inquiry, and present those facts to the House and
Senate in order that they may consideiately and
advisedly act upon the facts presented. But it is
not proposed that their report shall have any bind-
ing effect. They are simply to obtain facts to be
placed in possession of Congress to enable Con-
gress to act upon them.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman if there is not already a Department to
which this Indian business is intrusted, and whose
officers can give reliable information upon the sub-
ject?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will answer the
gentleman in this way: we have a Department
called the Indian Department, but the gentleman
from New York, and other gentlemen upon the
floor of this House and of the Senate, are con-
stantly making charges and imputations against
that Department; and it is due to theGoveriament
and to the Senate, and due to the House of Rep-
resentatives, that these charges should be investi-
gated and their truth or falsity verified.
Mr. HALE. I call for the regular order of
business.
