THE CONGRESSIONAL
,¥:M
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1865.
New Series No. 20.
ness capacity, I have done nothing to their dispar-
agement. Now, will any gentleman in this House
tell me that sufficient attention has not been paid
in this bill to specification, when even the horses
thatareto carry pages with letters from the White
House to the Capitol, and from the Capitol to the
White House,are specified, and when $9,000 has
been appropriated for that purpose ? Why , then,
have we an item here of §30,000 for " miscella-
neous expenses" of which no one can give us
the specifications? If this Government werejust
going into operation as an experiment, we might
appropriate large items for incidental expenses,
but our Government has been in operation more
than three quarters of a century, and we ought
by this time to be able to tell the exact nature of
the appropriations needed to carry on the Gov-
ernment.
There is another matter to which J wish to call
attention. The gentleman from Vermont says
that a portion of this money is to pay expenses
ofcontestants of elections; and he emphasizes that
statement. Why, sir, if I understand this mat-
ter, such expenses are paid out of another fund.
I have spoken on this subject with members of the
Committee on Elections, and they agree with me
in this opinion. Why cover up in a general ap-
propriation of this kind something that those out-
side (I will not say those in this House, because
that would be out of order) would call " steal-
ing?" That is what they do call it, and I am
very much afraid that they are in many instances
more than half right. I do not mean to be, know-
ingly,a party to any such transactions. Itissaid
outside of this Capitol that there are done here
many things that ought not to be done; and I pre-
sume that, even when we have exercised the ut-
most vigilance, there will still be done some things
that ought not to be done. But it is the part of
Representatives here not to give opportunity for
such proceedings by voting wholesale $60,000 for
something which nobody can explain; something
which has no foundation except in somebody's
imagination. I say that it is the part of wisdom
to reject all such appropriations as these till proper
specifications are given to us. We have deficiency
bills every year; and if there are any items of ex-
penditure which cannot be anticipated, let them
be included in such a bill; andif the expenditures
have been properly made, we shall be prepared to
vote the necessary appropriations. Eut let us
not appropriate $60,000 wholesale, without some
specification, without something to show the peo-
ple of the country, who pay the taxes, where the
money goes and for what it is expended.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, 1 beg the
gentlemen from Iowa to understand that so far as
I am concerned I do not wish to discourage his
attempts, or those of any other member, in the
effort to save money to the country; and if the
gentleman will strike at an item which, in my
judgment, demands reduction, he shall not only
have my vote but my voice in favor of it.
There is but a single point to which I wish to
reply to the gentleman, and that is in reference
to the pay of contestants. He seems to under-
take to say that I was mistaken. If he will ex-
amine he will find that they are paid according to
the orders of the House. If the House directs
that they shall be paid out of the miscellaneous
fund, then they are so paid; and if they are di-
rected to be paid out of the contingent fund, then
they are paid out of that fund.
Mr. PRICE. Is this the contingentfund of the
House?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; this is not; this is
the miscellaneous fund.
Mr. PRICE. Exactly; the further you go the
deeper you get. [Laughter.] Why this §30,000,
then; for the gentleman has said that the contest-
ants are paid out of the contingent fund of the
House ? I ask him whether this is the contingent
fund of the House, anil he says no.
The question recurred on Mr. Price's amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Price and Morrill.
20
The committee was divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 26, noes 68.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KASSON, Mr. Chairman, I move to
make the appropriation $29,900, and I will ex-
plain my reason for the motion. It is to have the
opportunity to state to the twenty-six members
who voted for my colleague's amendment, and
whose opinions are entitled to respect, some fig-
ures of the expenditures under this head at the
last session of Congress. One item which I stated
to the House awhile ago was one of the leading
items in this appropriation is in reference to con-
tested-election cases. I have been to the Clerk
to obtain the figures, and Ifind at the last session
that $25,000 was expended to defray the expenses
connected with contested-election cases.
Mr. PRICE. Does that come out of this mis-
cellaneous appropriation?
Mr. KASSON. I expressly stated that it came
out of this appropriation, and is charged under this
head. I propose to state only generally what the
items are. I will inform my colleague who is argu-
ing in favor of the Christian virtues that cleanli-
ness is provided for under this head of appropria-
tion. [Laughter.] We pay for the washing of
towels out of this appropriation. We pay for
soap, for ice, and for all of the incidental things
which are estimated for at the commencement of
the session, and vouchers for which are approved
by the Committee of Accounts of this House. That
committee has the control of the accounts, and
can approve or reject them.
I have deemed it due to the gentlemen who
voted for the amendment to state these facts. The
principal item is connected with contested-elec-
tion cases. TheSergeant-at-Arms's expensesare
also paid out of this appropriation; and I will state
the further fact that this appropriation is not ex-
cessive in view of the expenditures at the last
session of Congress, and that contested-election
cases are to be renewed at the next session, being
the first of the next Congress.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to get myself right on
this question. I asked distinctly and emphat-
ically the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rili.,] who is on the Committee of Ways and
Means, whether this miscellaneous appropriation
was the one out of which the expenses of contested-
election cases were paid, and he answered me as
clearly and distinctly that it was not.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will per-
mit me I will say that I answered him that some-
times they were paid out of one fund and some-
times out of another, according to the order of
the House.
Mr. PRICE. I want to know whether I am
right. 1 want to know whether contestants are
paid out of the contingent fund. I want an answer
from the Committee of Ways and Means. If they
are paidoutof the contingent fund, what, then,is
the necessity for this miscellaneous appropriation
of $30,000 ?
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will look
at the bill he will see that all of these items are
embraced under the head of contingent expenses
of the House. I find that I was mistaken in sup-
posing there was a separate item put down for
contingent expenses, as is the case with ail the
Departments. The miscellaneous fund is the
fund of the House.
Mr. PRICE. I am satisfied with that explana-
tion, but I could not be satisfied with the previous
answer.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For one complete set of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix foi each Representative and Delegate in the first
session ot the Thirty-A'inth Congress, who has not already
received the same, $33,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
call attention to these appropriations for the Con-
gressional Globe. I am not disposed to com-
plain as a general thing of appropriations for that
put pose, for I believe it is the duty of Congress
to keep up the Globe. It will be perceived that
these appropriations in this bill amount to
$86,800.
MESSAGE IJtOM THE SENATE.
.The committee informally rose, and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had insisted upon their amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No.620) to supply deficient
cies in the appropriations for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1865, agreed to the committee
of conference asked for by the House, and had
appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Conhess, and Mr.
Buckalew such committee upon the part of the
Senate.
Also,thattheSenate had passed,withoutamend-
ment, an act (H. R. No. 623) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and-for
other purposes," approved Maroh 25, 1864.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely postponed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) granting addi-
tional compensation to the employes of the two
Houses of Congress.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles; in wJiich the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 389) relative to clerkships in the
Post Office Department;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 91) appointing Gen-
eral Richard Delafield to be a Regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to authorize and
direct an inventory of articles in the quartermas-
ters'depots of the United States, and in possession
of the naval storekeepers of the United States.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL—AG All?*.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One partic-
ular item which I wish to inquire about is this
clause in reference to paying the publishers of the
Congressional Globe one cent for every five pages
exceeding three thousand, including the indexes
and the laws of the United States, amounting in
all to |10,900. Now, the provision for paying
S7 50 a column for reporting and publishing the
debates is one which was contained in the former
law upon this subject; butas I understand it, the
matter to which I refer is a new provision incor-
porated into this bill. I desire information upon
that point.
The other item of $23,000 for complete sets to
members who have not already received the same
is properly here, because that is to carry out a
law which we made last session.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will examine the records he will find that at
the last session of Congress we changed the law
in reference to the arrangement with the publish-
ers of the Congressional Globe, and that this ap-
propriation of one cent for every five pages is in
conformity to that law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that is so
the explanation is satisfactory.*
But there is another thing to which I wish to
call the attention of the House and committee.
The fact is we have not yet received the Congres-
sional Globe for last session.
Mr. MORRILL. That matter has already
been explained by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. ICellet,] and by an amendment of-
fered by him, the binding of the Globe is trans-
ferred from our own public printing house to that
of the Congressional Globe. In consequence of
the large amount of work on hand," the public
printing office has not been able to bind the Con-
gressional Globe. As I said before, the binding
has been transferred to the publishers of the Con-
gressional Globe, and I understand they will be
able to perform the work within ninety days after
the close of each session.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend ^the clause
last read, making an appropriation of $373,710 24
for public binding, by striking out the sum of
$19,400, that being the amount, I believe, we have
