.  *
1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business, as U was taken up by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there is
serious objection to this amendment making the
resolution applicable to members of the next
Congress, I will withdraw it. I do not want to
put on any amendment which shall embarrass
this proposition, as 1 deem it one of the most
important that has come before Congress; and I
hope it will be passed in some shape. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I re-
new it. <
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers upon second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs.Stevens and
Eldridge were appointed.
The House-divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
TKe first question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Baldwin, of Massachusetts, to amend so as
to provide for three commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, instead of a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses of Congress.
Upon that question the House divided; and
there were—ayes 65, noes 41.
, Mr. COFFROTH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 54, not voting 50;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Ashley, Baiiy, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcnman, Blair, Blow, Boutweil, Boyd,
Biandegee, Broomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose VV.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cole, Thomas T. 0avis,
Davvo, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, English,
Garfield, Holman. Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Jenckes,
Philip Johnson, Kdley, Kins, Knox, Long, Longyear,
Mnrey, Marvin, McBride, Samuel F. Miller, William H.
Miller,MoinH,Daniel Morris, Amos Myer*, Leonaid Myers,
Norton, OdeJI, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
son, Periiain, Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander H. Iliee,Jolm
II Itiee, Edward li. Rollins, Sche'nck, Seorield, Scott,
Shannon, Smith, Starr, Stevens, Stuatt, Thomas, Traey,
Up>on,Van Yalkenbtitgh, WadMvorth. William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, Woodbndgc, Worth-
in«a>n, and Yeanmn—78.
NAYS—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Allison, Aneona, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Bliss, James S. Brown, CiiaiTler,
Coflxoth, Cox, Dawson, Denton, Dmnont, Eckley, Eden,
Edgerfon, Eklndge, Fiuek, Ganson, Gooch, Gridor, Gun-
nell, II,ill, H«)rdtii<r, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris,
Hernclv, A-ahW VV. IJubhaid, Ingersoll, Kernan, Knapp,
Law, Le Blond. M.illory, .Yfooihead, James il. Moiris, Nel-
son, Noble, Pike, Pnoo, Ro-js, Sloan, Smithers, John B.
Steele, Stiles, Strou e, Thayer, Townsend, Elihu B.
Wasliburne, Webster, Wilson, Winfield, and Fernando
Wood—54
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen. Alley, Arnold,
Brooks, Cobb, Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Farnaworth. Frank, Griswold, Hale, Harrington, Higby,
Iiotehkiss, Hulburd, ilntchms, William Johnson, Julian,
Knlbtleisch, Kasson. Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Lazear, Littlejohn,L,oan, McAllister. MeCluig, McDowell,
Melndop, McKmnev, Middleton, Morrison, Pendleton,
Peny, Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Spalding, William G.
Pf-ele. Sweat, Voorhees, Ward, Chilton A. WThite, Joseph
W. White, Wilder, Wmdom, and Benjamin Wood—oO.
So the amendment of Mr. Baldwin, of Massa-
chusetts, was adopted.
The jointresolution, as amended, was then read
the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the joint
resolution as amended.
Upon thatquestion, Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa,
called the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
permission to move to amend by striking out the
words 44 to sit during the recess of Congress"
and inserting after the woids "United States,"
in the previous line, the words" to examine fully
into the conduct of Indian agents and superin-
tendents, and also into the management of the
Bureau of Indian Affairs in the Department of
the Interior." I desire to say merely that, after
the debate here last night, I think it proper that
this Bureau of Indian Affairs should be examined
into. Itis but just to the occupants of the bureau
and to the country.
Mr, J. C. ALLEN. { think it is intended to
kill tins joint resolution by amendments. 1 there-
f'oie move to lay the joint resolution on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was notaereed to
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent to offer an amendment pending the call for
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust there
will be no objection.
No objection being made, the amendment of
Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, was adopted.
The previous question was then seconded,and
the main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof, the jointresolution, as amended,
was passed.
Mr. SHANNON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS. -
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 664) for changing the time
for holding the circuit court in the district of Vir-
ginia;
An act (H. R. No. 692) in reference to prose-
cutions for libels in the District of Columbia;
and 4
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue American re-
gisters to British schooners Minnie Williams and
E. M. Baxter.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE and Mr. SCHENCKealledforthe
regular order of business.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to rescind, for this
morning only, so much of the order of the House
which requires a morning hour for private busi-
ness from committees.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The resolution for a morning hour each day is
imperative, and was made by unanimous consent.
It cannot be rescinded the same as a resolution
for a night session, or for the time of the day's
session. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Hale] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] have both called for the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave *to take up the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. It can be taken up after the
morning hour. I cannot yield now.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is reports of a private nature from commit-
tees. Reports are now in order from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T have no
objection to give way to the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] to call up the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, 'it is a long bill, and if it is
crowded into the last days of the session it will
be utterly impossible for the engrossing clerks to
properly engross the bill.
Mr. HALE. If I am allowed a morning hour
aftPr the bill is passed, then I will not object.
T.he SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Is it not in or-
der to move to dispense with the consideration of
i private bills for to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read the rule on that subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Friday and Saturday of every week shall be set apart
for the consideration of private bills and private business
in preference to any other, unless otherwise determined by
the House.55 ,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It seems to me j
that the state of the public business is such that, !
at this late day of the session, unless the consid- :
eration of private bills be passed over for to-day, i
it will be impossible to go on with the calls of the !
regular committees and to get in legislation that |
is indispensable for carrying on theGovernment. i
I therefore move that the consideration of private
business be dispensed with for to-day.
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
is competent, under the rules, to adopt that mo-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I hope that the motion will not
be adopted. We have given very little time dur-
ing this session to the consideration of private
business. There are a number of very meritoiious
private claims, which 1 hope will be considered.
I hope that the gentleman from Massachusetts
will not insist upon his motion. So far as 1 am
concerned, I am willing that fifteen minutes shall
be allowed for the cfltisidciation of the navul
appropriation bill before proceeding to private
business.
The motion of Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts,
was agreed to, there being, on a division—ayes
56, noes 54.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hale,] is willing that fifteen
minutes shall be given to the consideration of the
Senate amendments to the naval appropriation
bill. I think that it will not take longer than (hat
todispose ofthem. I thereforeask unanimouscon-
sent that Senate amendments to the naval appro-
priation bill be taken from the Speaker'stable
and considered by the House as in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the amendments are
read I desire to s;*y a word in explanation of the
report which has been made upon them by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
All the amendments down to and including the
fifteenth, are mainly mere amendments of form.
The House struck out the appropriation for the
building of officers'quarters, and also for the com*
mencemeutof new works, but omitted to strike
outsome words connected with the appropriation.
These words have been stricken out by the Sen-
ate. We recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment. Among the amendments in which we rec-
ommend non-concurrence is one striking out an
appropriation for the Atlantic Gulf squadron. We
learn by a communication from the Navy De-
partment that that Department deems that appro-
priation indispensable for the proper conduct of
our naval system. It has also been ascertained
that in accordance with bids received on the 1st
of December it will require about eighty-eight
thousand dollars more than was estimated to buy
clothing for the Marine corps. In relation to the
appointment of midshipmen, the Committee of
Ways and Means rccommcnd non-concurtence
in the Senate amendment.
The first, fourth, fifth, seventh, eighth, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth amendments, formalin their nature,
were read.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
On page 5, lines one and two, strike out "$328,512"
and in&eit in lieu thereof «• §237,688."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
To the third amendment of the Senate, the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended an
amendment, to insert in lieu of the words stricken
out by the Senate the words "two building
slips."
The amendment proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
To the sixth amendment of the Senate, the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended an
amendment, to insert in lieu of the words stricken
out by the Senate the words u complete one half
of storehouse."
Theamendment proposed by the Committeeof
Ways and Means was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out §33,605," and, in lieu thereof, insert
" ,$:2o,830;,J so that it will read:
For preparing lor publication the American Nautical Al-
manac, $25,8oU.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike oat the following:
To nifct emergencies at the Atlantic, East and West
Gulf, and Mi^is^ppt stations, $1,000,000.
This Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mernh'd nou-conenrrence.
The amendment was non-concuired in.
