1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.TO
ance with the decision of our honorable Speaker
in ail similar cases, which decision 1 think con-
trary to all previous decisions upon the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Doesthe gentleman from
Illinois take an appeal?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to take an appeal in order to settle the matter. I
think it very important that this rule of the House
should be strictly adhered to, because departure
from it may involve expenditures of millions upon
millions to the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?
The decision of the Chairwas sustained; there
bring, on a division—ayes fifty-six, noes not
counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by striking outall from line three hundred
and seven to line three hundred and eleven, in-
clusive, reading as follows:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department: Prowled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and lie is heieby,;iulhonzi'd,m his discretion, to class-
ify the clcrks authorised accoulmg to the character of their
services, $2.">0,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, in lieu of the words proposed
to be stricken out, the following:
For compensation to temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department, and for additional compensation to clerks In
snmu Department: Provided, That the toinporaiy clerks
heiein provided for maybe classified according to tiie char-
acter ot their services: And provided further, That the Sec-
rete! y of the Tieasury may awaidMich additional compen-
sation to clerks as in his judgment may he deemed just, and
tnay be required by the pubic set vice", $250,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am cer-
tainly opposed to that amendment, more opposed
to it than to the clause as it stands.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 raise the point of order
that, so far as the amendment proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay addi-
tional compensation, it is without any precedent
in appropriation bills. It does not propose to
carry out any provision of existing law, nordoes
it properly come under the head of " contingen-
cies for carrying on the several departments of the
Government."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I send to the Clerk a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, and ask that
it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, January 10, IPCS.
Sir : I have the honor to request that you wilt cau<e the
Item, on page 23 of the printed estimates, which reads as
follows: il Far teinpor.ny cloifcs in the Treasury Depart-
ment : Provided^ That the Secietary of the Treasury he,
and lie is hereby, authorized, in bis discretion, to class-
ify the clerks authorized according) theehuracter oftheir
services," to be changed in its phraseology, so that It will
read: tl For compensation to temporary cleiksin the Treas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to clerks
in the same Depaitment: Provided, That the temporary
clerks herein provided for may he classified according to
the character of their services: *And provided further,
That the Secretary of the Treasury may awnrd such addi-
tional compensation to clerks as in his> judgment may be
deemed just, and may be required for the public service,
£250, OUO."
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
Wr. P. PEStJKNDEN,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. Stevens, Chairman of Committee IVays and
Means, House oj Rcpi esentatives.
Mr. MORRILL. This is rather an important
question, and I want a fuller House than we have
at present to consider it. I therefore move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union liad, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Military A cademy appropriation bill, and had
directed h/m to report the same back to the House
with ail amendment; and further, that it had under
consideration House bill No. 649, making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing Julie 30,1860, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES 'demanded the previous question
on the Military Academy appropriation bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tl e
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was con-
curred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 203, for
the relief of Jacob Weber, without amendment,
and House bill No. 186, to incorporate the Balti-
more and Washington Depot and Potomac Perry
Railway Company, with amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
EXTRA TREASURY CLERKS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the amendment ponding in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union in reference to
extra clerks in the Treasury Department be
printed for the use of members.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned. ' 
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 18, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Jou rnal of y es terday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying the
postponement of any action on the bankrupt bill
now pending until opportunity is afforded north-
ern creditors to enfoice their claims on the res-
toration of the authority of the Government in
the rebellious States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of medical
storekeepers in the service of the United States,
praying to be allowed the pay and emoluments
of surgeons in the Army of the United States;
which "was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of persons
engaged in the millinery and cloak-making busi-
ness in the city of Hartford, Connecticut, pray-
ing for an amendment to the internal revenue
law approved June 30, 1864, so as to impose on
each of said classes of work a specific tax beyond
a certain exempted amount of each; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Con-
necticutanu members of the Cigar Makers' Union
of Windsor, praying for the repeal of the law
taxing cigars, and that the tax may be placed on
the raw material; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of the
local board of steamboat inspectors of Buffalo,
New York, praying for an increase of salary;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented additional papers in support
of the claim of Joshua B. Todd, a lieutenant in
the Navy, praying to be allowed the difference of
pay between master and passed midshipman dur-
ing the time he was acting master; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of the
local board of steamboat inspectors for the eighth
district, praying foran increase of compensation;
which wasreferied to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution of
the Board of Trade of Detroit, Michigan, recom-
mending the construction of a ship canal around
the falls of Niagara on the American side; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WADE. I hold in my hand a letter from
the Senator from Oregon, who is a member of the
committee on the conduct of the war 1 send it
to the desk to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the letter will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
January 17,1865.
Sir: Because of 111 health I am unable to attend the
meetings of the committee, asl would like to do, and there-
fore hope thatthia,my resignation asamember of the com-
mittee, may be accepted.
Will you do rae the favor to present this to the Senate,
and ask that 1 be excused from further service in that ca-
pacity ? ;
1 am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, !
B. F. IIAKDING.
Hon. B. F. Wade,
Chairman of Committee on Conduct of the War.
Mr. WADE. I make th® motion that Mr.
Harding be execused at hilr request from fur-
ther service upon the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral transmitting, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 12th instant, a statement
furnished by the Auditor for the Post Office De-
partment of the amount allowed and paid for
attorneys and counsel fees of every kind and
description, exclusive of the regular salaries paid
to district attorneys, from the 1st of July, 1863,
to the 31st of December, 1864, as shown by the
records of his office; which, on motion of Mr.
Foster, was ordered to lie on the table, and l>a
printed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a resolution of
inquiry as to the propriety of consolidating the
three great districts,&c., reported adversely there-
on, and the report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
resolution presented by the Senator from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] in relation to the treat-
ment of Union prisoners and the course to be pur-
sued by the Government in reference thereto; and
also a joint resolution (S. R. No. 95) presentedby
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] regulating
the treatment of confederate prisoners in custody
of the authorities of the United States; and also
a petition of citizens of Indiana, praying for the
passage of a law to place all rebel prisoners now
in our hands under the control of those officers
and men who have been in rebel hands, have di-
rected me to report these papers back to the Senate,
accompanied by a joint resolution on the subject.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) advising
retaliation for the cruel treatment of prisoners by
the insurgents, was read and passed to thesecond
reading.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print three thousand copies of the Navy Register
for 1864, reported in favor of it, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 80) for the adjustment of the claim of J. &
O. P. Cobb & Co., of Indiana, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Navat
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
382) to provide for the better organization of tho
pay department of the Navy, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 359) to reimburse the State
of Missouri for moneys expended for the United
States, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by aresolution of the Senate to inquire
into the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 402) to
repeal an act entitled " An act to remove the Uni-
ted States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and
to provide for the sale of the land on which the
same is located;" which was read,and passed to
a second reading.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiii.uson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 621)
making appropriations for the support of thi
