1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion in the State of Kentucky, since this matter
was called up before, stating that Genera! Paine
was the only officer ever in command of that
portion of Kentucky, with a single exception,
who protected Union men and treated traitors as
they deserved.
1 have no objection to the whole of these papers
being published, if the Senator wants to see them,
and the Secretary of War deems them proper
papers to be communicated. At any rate, in be-
half of General Paine, I am authorized to say
that he is quite willing and anxious that every
paper on this subject shall be published.
Mr. POWELL. The Senatorfrom Illinois,on
behalf of General Paine, says that the members
forming this commission kept away from Padu-
cah on purpose so long as General Paine re-
mained there. Both of the gentlemen who made
that report are known to me. They are highly
honorable gentlemen; and let me tell the Senator
from Illinois, notwithstanding what General Paine
may say, they would scorn such conduct. I will
venture the assertion that they never kept away
one minute in order to allow General Paine to be
absent or to go away. They are gentlemen of
the very highest honor and respectability.
The Senator says that he has received letters
from men high in position in Kentucky saying
that this man Paine was the only one who pro-
tected Union men and punished rebels in that re-
gion of country. If the Senator will give the
names of those parties, I think it will be found
that they were men in Kentucky who were shar-
ing in the plunder and robbery of General Paine.
I would like to know the names of those ICen-
tuckians in that region of country who dare to
say that this man Paine was the only man who
protected Union citizens; and I will venture the
assertion that when the names are given, and the
whole facts shall be proved, it will be found that
they were the guilty accomplices of that wicked
man. I, too, have received letters from that sec-
tion of the country; I have talked with numerous
citizens from that section of country; and lot me
tell the Senator, from what those most highly re-
spectable citizens in that region of the State tell
me, this report does not give one tenth of the
enormities of this man. Men of the most elevated
character, men who have been Union men from
the very beginning, many of whom have borne
arms in defense of the Union during this strife,
tell me with yne unanimous voice that the treat-
ment of the people there was most atrocious.
I know there are civilians there who by possi-
bility may say General Paine was the right man
in the right place, because this record unfolds the
fact that some of the civil officials there were act-
ing with General Paine and dividing the spoil and
plunder that he was wringing from those injured
and downtrodden people, i should be obliged
to the Senator if his correspondents would allow
him to give us their names, that we might know
who they were that vindicated the monstrous, out-
rageous, wicked, conupt, plundering, murderous
conduct of that man about Paducah.
Sir, I use harsh language, but I have the proof
to substantiate it. Arraign that man, and I will
see that the proof is forthcoming. Publish this
document, and you will have it; and there is proof
outside of that; for while that commission carried
out their investigation faithfully and honestly,
yet, for want of time and owing to other circum-
stances, they have not embodied in their report
one tenth of the enormities committed upon the
people there. Let all the vindication that Gen-
eral Paine has come; let the report come; and then
I wish to take up and have passed my resolution
demanding that he be tried.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I will not vote
to order this resolution back from the Committee
on Military Affairs and discharge them from its
consideration upon the request or motion of the
Senator from Kentucky, after the statement made
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. If it were not an ordinary circumstance
for the honorable Senator from Kentucky to
launch his denunciations against the officers of
the Government, and they alone, in this Chamber,
I would feel more inclined, for one, to vote with
him on many occasions when he offers resolutions
similar to the one now under discussion. But,
sir, it is a singular fact that the only atrocities,
the only crimes, the only plunderings, the only
murders that he finds eloquent language to de-
nounce in this body are those alleged to be com-
mitted by Union officers. This has been done by
the Senator over and over again in the Senate
since I have had the honor of a seat here, and it
has gone out to the country frequently unchal-
lenged, uncontradicted here. Senators have sat
and borne it again and again while these ex parte
statements have gone out implicating officers of
this Government in the commission of crimes the
most horrible and unnatural that can be imagined.
For one, sir, I confess that I am tired of listen-
ing in silence to it; and 1 wish to put in my pro-
test here, and to invite the honorable Senator from
Kentucky occasionally to divide his vengeance
with the cruel and barbarous wretches who, as
the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane]
recently described, have persecuted, starved,and
murdered our brave men in the field who have
been taken prisoners. It becomes us, Mr. Presi-
dent, here in bur independent position of Sena-
tors to resist denunciations upon criminals who
wear the insignia of our country; but it does not
become us, nor any of us, nor the Senator from
Kentucky, to visit his denunciations alone upon
and direct them against those men.
Why, sir; the public mind has become demoral-
ized almost, and its courage has absolutely been
sunk and put below its proper status, by the com-
mon and the ordinary commission of crimes com-
mitted against our people by the rebels. The
Senator represents a State here that has suffered
most grievously at their hands. He represents
a State bordered by States and territory populated
by Americans who have been robbed and plun-
dered, ruined by the ferocity of the men engaged
in the rebellion. Rut if, perchance, or whether
or no, Union officers in the performance of their
duty step beyond the point of propriety, then the
thunders of the Senator from Kentucky are heard,
being launched against them and them only.
Mr. President, as I have said, I tire of listening
to these ex parte statements, these ex parte denun-
ciations, this pretense (I will undertake to say)
of denouncing officers of our Government in vin-
dication of the flag. The flag may need vindica-
tion; but, thank God, it is being vindicated. It
would become the honorable Senator more to en-
gage in that denunciation byjoining his fellow
Senators here in ferreting out and pursuing those
base criminals not only against our countrymen,
but against civilization and humanity and liberty
everywhere, than to confine his efforts alone
against Union officers.
1 have nothing to say about the case of Gen-
eral Paine; I leave that to the honorable Senator
who has undertaken, not his defense, buta word
of justice in his behalf. I am willing to vote with
any Senator for the development of proper charges
against any officer of this Government. I repeat
again for the third time that I tire, I tire, I tire of
this tirade against Union officers in this Chamber.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to participate
in this debate further than to say that while mem-
bers of the Senate protest their anxiety to take
care of the credit and honor of the officers of this
Government, I trust they will recollect that this
is a matter in which a question is involved be-
tween different officers. The men who make this
report are also officers of this Government, and
are entitled to just as much respect in any discus-
sions that may arise concerning this action as the
person who is implicated here. I say this in be-
half of those who have made this report implicat-
ing General Paine, and preferring charges of a
very grave nature not only against him but against
others, who are accused of speculation and of
plunder.
I shall not support the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, to take this matter from the hands
of the Military Committee, because 1 believe there
is just exactly the place it should be, and that that
committee, whenever they see fit to make any re-
port concerning this matter, should also accom-
pany it with the evidence upon which this report
has been predicated. I trust, therefore, that the
matter will be left where it is until thaj>commit-
tee shall have time and opportunity to make the
necessary examination.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I under-
stood the Senator from Illinois to say that Gen-
eral Pame was the only general stationed at Pa-
ducah, with one exception, who had given the
proper treatment to the Union loyal citizens of
that section of country.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
Indiana will pardon the Chair: it is/now cine,
o'clock, and it becomes'the duty,of the Chair to
call up the special order, which is the unfinished
business of yesterday. "
Mr. POWELL. I ask that jtlje special "order
may be passed over informally until this subject
has been disposed of. ' - ' ■■
The VICE ^RESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that course will be taken; Tfife' Ch^ir hears
none. The Senator from Indiana will proceed.-
. Mr. HENDRICKS.' GeneralMewdith.a cit-
izen* of the State of Indiana, has been in command
of that point since the removal of GeneralTPaihel
I wish to ask the Senator frS'm Illinois whether
General Meredith is theexception which he makes
from the general denunciation which he says ia
made by his correspondents against the com-
manders at that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not recognize the
authority of the Senator from Indiana to interro-
gate me as to who the exception made is. He
has not stated precisely, I think, the language
which I used. I intended to say, and belieye I
did say, that I had been informed that General
Paine, with a single exception, was the only per-
son who had properly protected Union men and
punished traitors—putting both together—who
imd dealt properly, particularly with traitors.
Whether that information be correct or not, of
course i do not vouch. There may have been
other persons there who may have treated traitors
rightly as well as Union men, but the informa-
tion I had from my correspondents was that with
a single exception he had been the only officer
who had satisfied the Union men there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator questions
my right to ask the question which I have asked.
Perhaps he is right, sir; but if he is right in that,
I have the right to question the propriety on his
part of introducing testimony which can raise a
suspicion against a gallant man from the State of
Indiana. General Meredith has seen service in
the field; he has done gallant service in battle,
and as I understand has never made a dollar
wrongfully in this war. His conduct at Paducah
is commended by the officers of the Army in an
official report; and inasmuch as his fair fame and
good name as an officer was at least placed in
question by thestatementof theSenator, I thought
it my duty to vindicate him from the suspicion
that might arise from what the Senator said.
I am not going into the discussion of the char-
acter and conduct of General Paine, except to say '
that if rumors which came over from the State of
Kentucky to the State of Indiana arc at all to b^
relied upon, he ought to ke put upon trial. He
ought to be put upon trial for the good of the pub- .
lie service, for the honor of the Army, if any por-
tion almost of the reports that came to our State
from Kentucky be true. What is this ex parte
examination that is now before the Senate? Is it
not an examination known to the usages of the
Army? Are courts of inquiry not frequent? For
what purpose? Much for the same purpose that
investigations arc had before a grand jury. The
party is not heard before a giand jury in our
courts; the investigation is ex parte; but when the
grand jury returns an indictment into court, al-
though their investigations were in secret and the
party accused had no hearing there, still he must
go upon his trial. Here is a proceeding in the
Army very analogous to that,known to the usages
of the Army, which convicts this man *of high
crimes; and is it not right, then, thatheshould go
upon his trial?
But, sir, X did not intend to continue the argu-
ment. I wished to suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that as the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs promised the Senate an early
report, perhaps it would be as well to wait a very
short time until that report is received. I under-
stand from the chairman of the committee that a
very short time will elapse before the report is
made.
Mr. WILSON. I think the committee can be
prepared to report on Monday nextwithoutdoubt.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky to give the committee that
time. It is a committee that has very heavy busi-
ness upon its hands, and I cannot see that the
committee has willfully neglected an investigation
of the subject or designs to prevent the Senate
havjhg an opportunity to set upon it. So much
