1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
mentand draft. Inasmuch as his amendment pro-
vides for the b nefit only of those places to which
the person belongs and where he lias his actual res-
idence, and where such persons were or shall be
enrolled, it does not alter the effect of the section
at all.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. But the sub-
stitute must be credited where he resides.
Mr. SCHENCK. The two things must go
together, the residence and enrollment. These
exempts are not liable to enrollment anywhere.
The question was upon the amendment of Mr.
Miller, of New York.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the section by inserting after the words
"ifliable to enrollment" the following:
And hereafter, whenever a call for troops shall have been
made by the President, ami the quotas of tile several Mib-
distriets shall have been fixed, the same, with the ratio or
percentageoi' the quota upon the enrollment, shall be pub-
lished and made ki&wn; and theieatter it shall be lawful
for any number of persons residing in any sub-district to
put in an acceptable substitute in their several names,and
thereupon the names of those persons putting m such sub-
stitutes shall not be held liable to the then pending draft:
Provided, That the number of persons putting in such
substitutes shall not exceed the number of persons required
by the ratio to furnish one man of the quota drafted.
I am opposed to the section as it now stands,
because 1 am opposed to changing the system of
credits after the people have gone into it now and
understand it. I cannot see that the objection is
sound which has been taken here, 011 theground,
as they say, that certain sub-districts or districts
have been exhausted of their population liable to
draftby the more wealthy districts which offer large
bounties. In the event of a new enrollment these
districts which have been exhausted of their able-
bodied population will not be called upon to fur-
nish more than their_quota upon their enrollment
as it shall stand when the enrollment is made.
Now, if this section must stand as it now is,
and parties are not permitted to gosout of their
respective sub-districts for the purpose of obtain-
ing substitutes, then what will be done in many
of the sub-districts, townships, and boroughs
where the authorities refuse to appropriate money
or levy a tax upon the people of the district or
borough for the purpose of obtaining volunteers
to fill their quotas? The persons there are will-
ing to do everything in their power to fill their
(juotas, and yet, because they have not the author-
ity from the authorities of their respective dis-
tricts, they are put off from putting in substitutes.
Under the existing law any man can put in a sub-
stitute for three years, and thereby becomes ex-
empt for that length of time.
Now, my proposition is that any number of per-
sons residing in any sub-district shall have the
privilege, under regulations prescribed by the Pro-
vost Marshal General, to put in acceptable substi-
tutes in their names, and thereupon their names
shall not be put in the then pending draft; provided
that the number of persons so putting in substi-
tutes shall not exceed the number of persons who
under the apportionment of the quota are required
to furnish one man each. This will operate
fairly, and will allow parties who are willing to
furnish substitutes for the pending draft when
the authorities of the districts under the laws of
Pennsylvania, and I believe in other States of the
Union, refuse to act. I think the proposition is
entirely fair. It is extending the privilege of put-
ting in personal substitutes beyond that of one
man putting in a substitute for himself, and al-
lowing parties to associate themselves together
and put in substitutes for that one draft.
Mr. CHANLER. I think this amendment is
injudicious, and will not effect the object the gen-
tleman has in view. I believe from the organi-
zation of the bureau having charge of this whole
matter of enrollment, and from all the facts con-
nected with this matter of quotas, it is utterly
useless to endeavor to amend this section until
W9 strike out all after the eighth line. By this sec-
tion you give powerto the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral to make such rules and give such instructions
to the assistant provost marshals, the boards of
enrollment, and mustering officers, as shall be ne-
cessary for the faithful enforcement of the pro-
vision,<  of this section, to the end that fair and
just credit shall be given to every section of the
country. You surrender to that,officer full power
with regard to the adjustment of this whole mat-
ter, in the face of existing evils, in the face of this
disordered system in which confusion worse con-
founded glares thiough military bureaus like a
monster of crime caged fit an arsenal of deadly
weappns, threatening to break hisbondsand de-
stroy his keeper and his prison. You surrender
power through the Provost Marshal Getietal to
the Executive-, whose authority is already too
great, and is becoming dangerous.
Sir, in authorizing the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral to make such rules and regulations as he may
see fit, we have no guarantee that those rules and
regulations will be such as a proper sense ofduty
should induce this body to provide for. There
is no section of the country which has not been
harassed by the intolerable outrages committed
by these bounty swindlers, who are the natural
offspringof thissystem of drafting. TheProvost
Marshal has thus far produced a great deal of con-
fusion and misunderstanding. When the gentle-
men of the Military Committee say that this sys-
tem is as bad as the slave trade, I say yes; indeed
it is the sum of all villainies. But the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] a member of that
committee, says that, eo nomine, he will not assail
the bounty swindlers. Why not? Because he is
afraid to interfere in this trade. He dare notassail
this class of wealthy scoundrels whom he and his
colleagues have called into being under this sys-
tem of conscription. He and his friends, who
have been howling about the horrors of slavery,
and theabominationsof that tradein human flesh,
who have succeeded by such appeals in exciting
this country to civil war, now refuse in the face
of an acknowledged evil created by themselves
to assail that evii by its name on this floor.
Sir, 1 am not astonished that the gentlemen on
the Military Committee are desirous to give to
the Provost Marshal General full power to make
a fair adjustment of the credits of each district.
They know that any adjustment which he may
make cannot be a fair adjustment. They know
that this conscription system teems with crime
and bristles with horrid abuses. They know
that for an honest man to undertake to regulate
this matter of drafting is to mix himself with
crime and brand himself with infamy. Since the
conscription law became the basis of our military
code, every citizen who could bought a substi-
tute; every township vied with its neighbor in
raising the price of blood, until the market for
human beings became like the famous slave pens
of which gentlemen on the other side talk so long
and loud. A new trade is springing up among
us, with its ramifications reaching to the remote
regions of northern and western Europe. Soon
Asia, and perhaps Africa, may be honored by the
emissaries of modern philanthropists on the other
side of the House, with an invitation to furnish
substitutes to fill the quotas of certain States,
under the repeated calls for more men to carry
out the indefinite policy of this Administration.
No man knows to-day whether we may not in a
year from this be forced to import coolies from
China, or a body-guard from the sable army of
the King of Dahomey; nor is it unreasonable to
suppose from ourpast conduct that, so long as the
carnage can be fatal to others than ourselves, we
will care to stop its progress, or turn the policy
of the Administration back to the original sources
of power fixed by the Constitution.
This whole scheme for raising an army seems
not only the most tyrannical measure ever passed
by the Legislature of a free people, but it is ab-
horrent to any sentiment of justice and civiliza-
tion. It cannot be urged any longer under the
specious plea of military necessity. Our armies
are victorious. The rebellion is crushed, if not
utterly overthrown. Peace mustsoonifollovv vic-
tory. Our victorious troops are now achieving
the catastrophe which overtakes traitors in arms.
The coming spring will brmgwith itthe renewed
vigor of our veterans in the field, and every regi-
ment may be filled by a proper appeal to the
patriotism of the people to fight for the cause of
their country in the future as in the past; then as
at the beginning of the war. But this new call
is a threat, a scandal,and an injustice. It puts a
new and keener edge upon the blood-hound in-
stincts o&the bounty swindler, raises the price of
human fle&h in the shambles of our military bu-
reau,and brands a zealous and brave people with
insult and ignominy. If our forces need replen-
ishing, use the legitimate means furnished by the
Constitution. Rely on the States for support.
It" the national existence is threatened, call out the
whole white male population without distinction,
between the proper and usual military ages fixed
by custom and experience. But do not confirm
by a continuance of this law the dangerous,
unnecessary, unconstitutional precedent which
hangs about the neck of this bill,and would, but
for the strong arm of the Executive and the au-
dacity of his Cabinet, strangle it in this or any
Congress of a free people. This measure reeks
with useless blood and bristles with horrid abuses.
The bounty is. a medium for filling the ranks
with lunatics, convicted criminals, and drunken
dupes, who no one but he who escapes conscrip-
tion by their aid will deny malje turbulent and
bad soldiers. The madhouse and the jail are
filched to save sane and capable citizens from a
positive duty. The strictest law to prevent en-
listing unfit personscannot remedy the evil. Eva-
sion of such hard, and unfair, and narrow enact-
ments as conscription in this country is connived
at and encouraged by popular opinion; and until
the violator of the law be " actually in the land
or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual
service in time of war or public danger," there is
no constitutional power which can deprive him of
a trial by jury, the consequences of which may
easily be foreseen, namely, he would be al-
most certain to escape final conviction by the
local civil courts; or the whole country must be
put under martial law by the enlarged powers
of a military commission created for these special
evils and to correct a wrong inseparable from the
draft and bounty.
The bounty system as now established is the
means of filling quotas of States on paper, but
does not fill the Army with soldiers, and induces
men to desert, to reenlist for a new bounty. Vet-
eraus, the main stay of every army, are seduced
from their old regiments to enlist in those being
newly organized. The organization of the Army
is thereby impaiied. It offers a premium to vag-
abonds and thieves to sell themselves as substi-
tutes to the substitute broker, enlistand demoral-
ize the character of the Army.
Great injustice is done to certain States by the
bribe offered through local and State bounties.
The less wealthy State, being thereby deprived of
her legitimate means of filling her quota by sub-
stitutes, is finally compelled to resort to a draft,
while her rich neighbor saves her citizens from
that scourge at the expense of a few dollars,and
recruits her regiments with men not her citizens.
,The bounty system permits the citizen to evade
military duty, oneof the mostimportantthatrests
upon him, while it creates a mercenary army and
puts the existence of the-Union in jeopardy. To
enforce the draft in each congressional district
the right of trial by jury must be superseded bj?
a military commission, which is a most danger-
ous precedent, if not utterly unconstitutional. It
produces a conflict between the court of law and
the military tribunals.
The bad management, vacillation, and incom-
petency of the officers of the Government having
charge of the draft, the inherent defects of the sys-
tem, have stopped volunteering, and made high
bounties necessary, although the country has, ac-
cording to the best authority, more men in it fit
for duty to-day than when the war began.
There is no want of men to fill the Army; but
there is no sympathy in the hearts of the people
with the reckless and wicked' system by which
the enlistments are made and the war conducted.
The apathy of the people is a rebuke to the Ad-
ministration. It is a political Nemesis pursuing
a party which has insulted a devoted and eager
nation by fastening on it a conscript law in viola-
tion of every instinct of a free representative Gov-
ernment. The curse which ever follows cruelty
and tyranny is close upon this Administration.
The thousands ofbrave men butchered in the Wil-
derness are now needed to take the field for an
onward march. The Wilderness refuses to give
up its dead; the living are loth to perish in the
Wilderness; each man would sacrifice his neigh-
bor as a scape-goat in this tribute of blood. The
people of the North who protested so often and
so vainly against the violations of the Constitu-
tion by the party in power; the Democratic masses
who dared to rebuke the mad career of the ma-
jority by sending a strong Opposition to Congress,
are now soon to be forced into the Army to sus-
tain those who never ceased reviling them as trai-
