1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
friends and the enemies of this Government which no one
could fail to &ee. He was well acquainted with this people
before he came here to take command; he knew with whom
he had to deal,having been btafiunedheieiiian eurlyday."
**********
"AH the stories of his having killed so many innocent
men is no more nor less than bosh; he had five guerrillas
killed here, and only five. As to his ever receiving any
money or being engaged in any swindling transactions is
simply absurd, and is believed by no one here. If the man
can be found who will swear that General Paine was ever
engaged in swindling or embezzling while in command in
this district the people would like to see him."
**********
" The Union men here court an Investigation of General
Paine's administration while in command of western Ken-
tucky. We arc satisfied that no cflaige of a disgraceful
character can be sustained against him. The Union men
here sustain General Paine as our man, and as said above,
if we ever have an opportunity we will do so. We ask no
favors, only such as are due to the loyal men of the coun-
try."
That is from one gentleman.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator give me his
name?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. POWELL. Is the Senator at liberty to
do so ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. POWELL. I do not ask it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As a matter of course,
the Senator from Kentucky, when he asks these
questions, knows that it would be improper for
me to give the names.
Mr. POWELL. 1 know that sometimes cor-
respondents write and give permission to use
their names. I only wished to know if the Sen-
ator had permission to give the names in this in-
stance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not permission to
use the names of the persons who write to me.
Another gentleman writing to me says of General
Paine:
" He has served in this region a good while,and is pretty
well known here. My own acquaintance with him i^ quite
limited, and with his administration very slight. This,
however, 1 know t he was the terror of rebels ;ind their
friends, arid ttie refuge of Union men. One man like liim
is worth an army of such as some who have been here in
authority. Unite possibly lie may have erred and done
some indefensible things. It would be strange if he liad
not. The usual rebel policy against our officers is, if pos-
sible, to corrupt them by presents, dinners, and attentions;
or, if this cannot be done, to seize upon some act of indis-
cretion, mistake, oversight, or short-coming, and clamor
them into disgiace. General Paine's case comes within
the latter category." *******
"I am much inclined to suspect a great error was com-
mitted in relieving hnn from Paducah." * * * *
" Perhaps I shall be excused for adding that T have no
interest whatever in the matter, except a desire that no in-
justice be done to an officer who, I believe, has endeav-
ored to do his duty while commanding in one of the worst
localities in Kentucky."
This is the character of the information I have
received; and now I insist that it is very unjust
to a public officer, about whom there is evidently
this disagreement of opinion, to rise here in the
Senate and in advance proclaim him to beaguilty
man and a thief and a murderer. Sir, I would
protect no such man; I would protect no man
who is guilty of any such transactions; I would
say nothing in his favor. But I know personally
one of the gentlemen who writes me one of these
letters; I know him to be a gentleman of high
character, and the Senator from Kentucky knows
him well; and I only refer to these letters as an
answer to this ear parte report which the Senator
from Kentucky keeps thrusting before the Senate
and the country, as I think to the unjust preju-
dice of a man who has had no trial. If these pa-
pers are to come forth, let them all come—his
defense and the report which has been made to
the Judge Advocate General upon this investiga-
tion had by an ex parte proceeding.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 91, which was reported_ yesterday
from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
still pending before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I rise to withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator will be allowed to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. POWELL. Before withdrawing the mo-
tion I wish to say a single word; I am not going
to make a speech. The Senator from Illinois lays
great stress upon my charging this person with
being guilty. I stated in reply to that Senator at
first that 1 was only stating what this commission
charged him with, and they made their report
upon proof. I do not know whether he is guilty
or not; I hope he may prove to be innocent; but
this commission charges him with all the offenses
I have indicated, and say that they accompany
the charges with the sworn proofs; and the com-
mission was open, and all General Paine's friends
were invited to come and testify. I now with-
draw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the withdrawal of the motion. It
is withdrawn.
ORDEB or BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is House bill No, 583, which is the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that bill ?
The Secretary. A bill to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled " An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes," approved July
17, 1862.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague who has charge
of that bill is not now in his place, and therefore
I move that for the present it be passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment pend-
ing to that bill. I do not think it will take more
than a few moments to pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to think there
may be some discussion on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As far as I know there
will be none.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I had better perse-
vere in my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's colleague
is now present. The hill has been before the
Senate two or three times.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is an amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio, which will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to modify the
amendment 
Mr. SUMNER. I understand from my col-
league that there is no particular haste in regard
to this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that my colleague
is desirous of pressing this joint resolution now.
If there be need of it, I will give way with this
bill, and let it go over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has charge of the bill, and if he desires
to lay it aside I have no objection. It has been
before the Senate three times, but I shall not in-
terfere with his management of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill in order to proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolutionindicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL FORCES ON THE LAKES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 91) in relation to the treaty of
1817. As the resolution was passed by the House
of Representatives, it recited that the treaty of
1817, as to the naval force upon the lakes, was
designed as a temporary arrangement only, and,
although equal and just at the time it was made,
has become greatly unequal through the construc-
tion by Great Britain of sundry ship canals; that
the vast interests of commerce upon the north-
western lakes, and the security of cities and towns
situated on their American borders, manifestly
require the establishment of one or more navy-
yards wherein ships may bo fitted and prepared
for naval warfare; and that the United States
Government, unlike .that of Great Britain, is des-
titute of ship canals for the transmission of gun-
boats from the Atlantic ocean to the western lakes,
and therefore proposed to direct the President of
the United States to give notice to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain that it is the wish and in-
tention of the Government of the United States to
terminate the arrangement of 1817, in respect to
the naval force upon the lakes, at the end of six
months from and after the giving of the notice.
The Committee on Foreign Relations reported
an amendment, to strike out all of the preamble
and resolution, and to insert as a substitute the
following:
Whereas the Crilted States of the oiiU part and the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of the Other part,
by a treaty bearing date April, 1817, have regulated the
naval force upon the lakes, and it was further provided that
" if either party should hereafter be desirous of annulling
this stipulation, and should give notice to that effect to1 the
other party, it shall cease to be binding after the expiration
of six months from the date of such noticeand whereas
the peace of our Jlrontier is now endangered by hostile ex-
peditions against the commerce of the lakes, and by other
acts of lawless persons, which the naval force of the two
countries, allowed by the existing treaty, may be insuffi-
cient to prevent; and whereas, further, the President uf the
United States has proceeded to give the notice required for
the termination of the treaty by a communication which
took effect on the 33d November, 1864: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of He/preservatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the notice given by the President of the United States to the
Government of Great Britain and Ireland to terminate the
treaty of 1817, regulating the naval force upon tile lakes, Is
hereby adopted and ratified as if the same had been author-
ized by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not concur
in this resolution as it is reported, and I will
merely state my objection to it. I am in favor
of notice being given for the termination of that
treaty or arrangement to which the resolution
refers. My objection to the resolution is simply
this: I hold that the notice to terminate the treaty
or the arrangement can be given only by the Con-
gress of the United States; that the Executive
has no power rightfully to give the notice; the
Executive has given the notice, and the action
which the committee recommends for the adop-
tion of the Senate is that we shall adopt and ratify
the action of the President and give validity to
the notice from the time the President directed it
to be given. I object to that proceeding for the
reason that it is a function of the legislative branch
of the Government to give that notice. The
President has no more power to give the notice
than has the judiciary. The President has in-
terfered with the legislative power of the Govern-
ment, and in my judgment it is an interference
which ought to be condemned, instead of being
approved by adopting it.
It may be said that the British Government can-
not take any exception to the regularity of the no-
tice, but that it is a matter between our own Gov-
ernment and people. I do not admit that position
to be altogether sound and true. For myself I
utterly controvert the position that an unauthor-
ized act performed by the Executive can be
adopted and receive validity by its being ratified
by an act of Congress. I will illustrate my po-
sition by an example: Congress has power to
declare war. The President might assume to him-
self the power to declare war; and the time may
come when Presidents of the United States will
assume that power. Suppose a President of the
United States should take upon himself to declare
war against Great Britain, of- any other Power
with whom we are at peace, would an act of Con-
gress, adopting and ratifying his declaration of
war, make that declaration of his valid and bind-
ing? There is a clause in most of the treaties be-
tween the United States and foreign Governments
that in the event of a declaration of war on the
part of the United States against that Govern-
ment the citizens or subjects of that Government
who are domiciled here shall have six months
within which to remove their property from the
United States. Suppose the President of the Uni-
ted States should declare war against England,
and the property of the subjects of England within
the United States at the expiration of six months
from the declaration 'of war by the President
should be seized and confiscated by our authori-
ties, the question would then come up whether
the right of the subject of England to remove his
property from the United States did not date from
the declaration of war by Congress, the regular
war-making power. Would the liability of the
subject of England to have his property forfeited
take effect from the declaration of war by the Pres-
ident, or would the act of ratification and adop-
tion of the President's declaration of war by Con-
gress give the effect to the President's declaration
to authorize the confiscation of the property of
the subject of Great Britain from the date of the
declaration of war by the President? I say it
would not.
Although the Government of England and the
courts of England could not take cognizance of
