1865.!
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10*?
tors and as sympathizers with the enemy they
are invited to fight. Why do you trust your
cause to men you deem traitors? Why do you
call on the people of New York city to sustain
this Administration by its quota?' is there not
danger that the Army made up of such men as
you say they are will turn on you? Why does
the United States recruit among men whom their
whole policy has exasperated and insulted, and
■jvlio have been robbed, kidnapped, and impris-
oned at will by taxation, conscription, and arbi-
trary arrests? Are you afraid to take the field
yourselves, that you intrust the cause of emanci-
pation and the honor of your country to men
whom you daily accuse of treason ?
Can this Administration complain that the peo-
ple do not enlist as volunteers? Certainly not.
When they offered their services to the country
they were ordered back with a threat that a draft
would supply the soldiers needed for this war by
this Administration. The draft is the result of
our policy; bounty-swindling is the result of the
draft. It rests like a pestilential cloud over the
Whole nation,foreboding corruption, usurpation,
and crime—corruption of the people, usurpation
by the Executive, crime by the despicable tools
who hunt for substitutes and trade in the lives
of their fellow-men. Fellow-men! No,sir; such
creatures have no fellows save fiends and vipers.
The pirate who scuttles a ship at sea, steals the
cargo, and kills the crew, or sends them to the
bottom with the ship; the murderer who calmly
plans his crime while enjoying the hospitality of
his victim; the wretch who fires the houseof the
unwary citizen whose doors were opened in a
spirit of charity to a seeming wanderer; the false
friend who lures a confiding soul to ruin, are the
fit companions of those who live by this trade in
human flesh—" the sum of all villainies."
Sir, in view of the depraved, dangerous, and
unjust character of this system, the natural re-
sult of the enrollment acts passed by this House,
it is not unreasonable to suppose that some broad,
sound and patriotic reason would have been ad-
vanced, in extenuation of this amendment to the
existing law. Perhaps the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has some most excel-
lent argum'ent in reserve. Up to this date Con-
gress and the country have been kept in the dark
as to the course to be followed in regard to the
new call of the President. Up to a few days since
it was officially announced that the quota for the
city of New York would amount to four thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-three men as origi-
nally called for. Now, by a juggle in the War
Office and a ukase from the Provost Marshal
General, we have been ordered to furnish twen-
ty-one thousand men in a few weeks from this
> date. Since then, without due explanation, but
on the "ipse dixit" of the Secretary of War,
another change has been made. To-morrow we
may have another decree fixing another quota,
and that, after the large and repeated calls for
troops from that devoted city during this war.
The speculators m human flesh throng to New
York city from all sections to outbid one another
in the market furnished by immigration and cre-
ated by conscription. In self-defense, to meet the
exigencies of the case, and if possible make good
outof evil, ourlocal board of supervisors, made up
equally of both political parties, have organized a
committee who regulate the matter as far as lies
in their power, at once protecting the poor victim
of this law and regulating the nefarious traffic by
a reasonable standard. The plague has been in-
troduced by the party in power here, who should
have protected us, and from whom there is no ap-
peal; in despair from its ravages we have inocu-
lated those in our midst, willing to suffer, that the
whole body-politic may not be corrupted and then
sacrificed in their defenseless ignorance.
The same evil exists in every congressional
district, in every town and city of the country.
The memorial of the mayor of Philadelphia and
others, members of the Loyal League of that
city, is a complete and forcible appeal in behalf
of decency, humanity, and justice, against this
system. The Legislature of Rhode Island has
petitioned for a delay of the new draft. A com-
mission from the Legislature of Pennsylvania
has asked for mercy from the Executive under
this cruel law. The whole nation will soon raise
a hue and cry against the perpetrators, aiders,
abettors, and originators of the nefarious scheme,
or sink itself under the odium of its complicity
with crirties Christianity forbids and virtue de-
tests, and live on demoralized and disgraced be-
fore the world. The military system of the State
is rotten, and if borne with longer threatens to
convert the whole country into one mass of moral
and. political decay. It would be unjust to the
military system which has grown so big and dan-
gerous to its supporters under the enrollment act
were we to dismiss this subject without alluding
to a change which has come over the spirit of its
dream since the rebellion first broke out. I refer
to those who reap the profit which war bestows;
not to the honest and brave soldiers in the ranks,
nor to the skillful and pure-minded officers who
have led them over hard-won fields to final vic-
tory.
The object of this war has, in the minds of a
certain class of soldiers, apparently undergone a
thorough revolution, a revolution within a revo-
lution, a wheel within a wheel. To their minds
the war has been perverted from the direction
given it by the pure principles of patriotism which
first moved the people to rescue our flag from
threatened dishonor. Speculation, political am-
bition, party rivalry, and personal jealousy have
wrought a baneful and wide-spread influence in
our councils and in our camps. The maddest
fanatics have become fat nabobs, princely scions
of the royal tree of cotton. Battles have been
won and lost around the sacred precincts where
lies in state the silver-haired King Cotton, who
is torn piecemeal like another Priam in another
Troy wrapped in flames, and perishes amid his
lieges at the altar of Mammon. • His baleful in-
fluence extends through the thick padding of a
well-stuffed uniform and penetrates to the inner
chords of the heart of these commercial heroes
who pass within gunshot of a plantation. Sugar,
too, has shed its sweet influence over the stern
usages of war; and generals who were blind to
the blandishments and deaf to the prayers of their
captives, and fierce in denunciation of traitors,
have quelled the spirit of strife in obedience to
the law of trade. Gold, the love of which is a
root, has met with deep sympathy from the rad-
icals, as its yellow face grinned through the bars
of iron-proof safes with such winsomeness that
the severest virtue has been induced to jeopardize
honor, fame, and military rank, not in covetous-
ness; oh, no! nor with intent of felony, but for
the bare satisfaction of fingering the precious stuff
to soothe an itching palm for a year or so, in
trust.
The war necessity which once existed for the
draft, according to the case made up by this Ad-
ministration, sleeps, and no longer rings its steel
chime as a knell to our suspended Constitution,
the first and noblest victim to its rage. Commer-
cial necessity and financial necessity now chant
a requiem over the fallen currency and crippled
credit of the country, both "in extremis," mori-
bund of superficial fanaticism and internal cor-
ruption. The plea—cruel, tyrannical, overwhelm-
ing—of military necessity is gone as an argument
from-this Administration, and 1 hope tins place
will know it no more. With it should disappear
the whole superstructure of draft, confiscation,
arbitrary arrests, and the executive nebul® of
proclamations which have so streaked the sky
that the stars and stripes can scarcely be distin-
guished. It is now time to set the military sys-
tem of the country free forever from this plea of
necessity. Limit the exploits of our generals to
the legitimate trade of war and we will not need
the repeated calls for drafts. Limit our military
expeditions to conquering the armies and taking
the forts—Fisher and others like it; forbid and
punish wild-goose chases almost to the sources
of the Red river after cotton, and we will not need
cruel laws to enforce enrollment. We then may
dispense with the bounty swindler together with
the cotton speculator, the gold robber, and the
dealer in permits to trade with the rebels, all at
one fell swoop. Stop supplying the enemy with
the sinews of war by the million, and then we
may listen patiently to the President's call for
three hundred thousand more loyal hearts to be
plucked from the bosom of society by the ruth-
less hand of an irresponsible provost marshal
through an order from the War Department un-
der the pretext of military necessity.
Yet the gentleman from Ohio says that while
he gives alf these powers to the Provost Marshal
Geneftxl, and makes him superintendent of bounty
swindling in this country, e.o nomine, he v/ill not
assail this organized system of crime, this out-
rage against humanity! Yet day by-day the
majority in this House confiscate property; they
trample upon the rights of citizens of both sec-
tions of the country under the miserable plea of
false philanthropy. Such philanthropy is a false-
hood on its face.
Mr'.SCHENCK. I move that debate be closed
on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Pennsyl-
vania, was disagreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following amendment:
Provuled further, That aliens and others not permanently
residing in any duly organized enrollment district may be
credited to the town or sub-district whose authorized agents
procure their enlistment without the Intervention of sub-
stitute brokers, and under such regulations as may be pro-
vided by the War Department.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
motion to strike out the section; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, moved to strike
out the words " if liable to enrollment."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved to add the following:
Provided, That all persons mustered Into the military
service of the United States under this act, or the several
acts to which this is an amendment, and all persons now
in said service, shall be paid at the rate of twenty dollars
per month for such service from and after the 1st day of
March next.
Mr. GARFIELD. I make the point ttiat the
amendment is not germane, and therefore not in
®rder.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
poinrbf order.
Mr.HOLMAN. I submit the following amend-
ment as a new section:
That in every case where any regiment, battalion, or
company has been mustered out of the service of the Uni-
ted States by reason of the expiration of the term forwhich
such organization had been accepted, the Secretary of War
is authorized and directed to cause immediately to be mus-
tered out all those non-commissioned officers and privates
who, during the years 1862 and 18613 were enlisted with
the assurance and understanding that they were to serve
only for the unexpired term of any such organization ; and
in cases where regiments, battalions, and companies have
not yet been mustered out, then such non-commissioned
officers and privates as are above described he shall cause
to be mustered out whenever the term of such organiza-
tion shall expire: Provided, That before any such enlisted
man is mustered out lie shall sign a statement under oath
that he enlisted with the distinct assurance and under-
standing that he engaged to serve only for the unexpired
term of the organization into which he was mustered, such
statement to be verified by the recruiting officer by whom
he was enlisted, or by some commissioned officer having
actual and personal knowledge of the tacts in the case.
Mr. Speaker, it will be seen that this is the,
same proposition reported to the House by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] in pursu-
ance of a resolution submitted by me and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs on the 15th
day of December last. It passed the House, but
it is now manifest by the action of the Senate
that this measure must, to secure ultimate action,
be ingrafted on some general bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as
the House closed debate on the second section,and
thisls in the nature of an amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I regret that debate is not in
order, but i ask that the report made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfiklw] may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The Committee on Military Attains, to whom was re-
ferred H. It. 433, also memorials of the Governor and Le-
gislature of the State of Indiana, together with sundrypeti-
tions in reference to the discharge of certain soldiers
enlisted into the military service in the years 1862and 1S63,
have had the same under consideration, and beg leave re-
spectfully to report:
That during the years 1862 and 1803 a considerablenum-
ber of persons volunteered into the military service, enlist-
ing in regiments or companies already organized and in the
ileJd, with the understanding that they would be mubtcred
out with their regiments or companies.
The terms of enlistment of many such regiments have
now expired, and others will soon expire, but the persons
who enlisted subsequent to the organization of the regi-
ment* or companies, arc held to seive three years from the
date of their enlistment. In the petitions before the com-
mittee neailv all t! e loyal states west of the Hudson river
are rcpie^'iued.
The petitioners «ct forth that thpy enlisted with the posi-
tive assurance that they were to be hHd only for the unex-
pired term of their reuiments; that notices to that effect
were given in handbills and the public papers; that this
