THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
that irregularity in the declaration of war, still the
subject of England might make the question, and
have the advantage of it in our courts; and if a
case was to arise in the courts of the United
States in which a subject of England should make
that question, I entertain no doubt whateverthat
the courts of the United States would decide that
.the presidential declaration of war had no effect,
."&«d.that there was no. regular and vAlid declara-
tion of war until war was declared by Congress,
'and that the subject of England had the full six
months from the time of the declaration of war
by Congress within which to remove his property
frftra the United States, and it would not be sub-
ject to confiscation until the full expiration of six
\mon;ths from the time of the declaration of war
by Congress.
That is one objection I have to the resolution
in the form in which it is reported. Another is
that it is a mischievous precedent. It is aprece-
4e&t ihe effect of which is to sanction and to gite
authority to an unauthorized act by the Presi-
dent. togiVe validity to an act which, with-
out the ratification of Congress, would have n.j
■validity at all. It is to sanction and to give not
only acquiescence butapprovai to an act of usurp-
ation by onc department of the Government upon
the'eonstitutiona! authority of another. It is in
that sense an eminently mischievous and wrong
precedent, and therefore also I oppose it.
ft rnay be said.that unless we do what is now
proposed we shall lose the time that has elapsed
between the notice,^ it has been directed to be
given by the President, and the present time. That
is a consideration of no importance whatever.
The effect of this resolution is to terminate a
treaty. That treaty has existed between the two
countries since 1817. There is no particular haste
for bringing that treaty to an irregular and unau-
thorized termination by the act of the President.
There is no reason for it, in my judgment. I be-
lieve that the interests of the country would not
suffer by the delay between the time when the
notice was given by direction of the Executive
and the time when it should bc,asitought to be,
regularly communicated by the action of Con-
gress. I have no idea that ihere is an interest of
the country that would suffer; but even if the fact
was otherwise, the amount of good that would
result to the country from gaining this short time
would be altogether inconsiderable, and inade-
quate, in my judgment, to compensate for the
establishment of any such vicious precedent.
" .1 did not rise, sir, to make any elaborate argu-
ment in .relation to this matter, butsimply to state
,the grounds upon which I object to the form of
the resolution. I am in favor of the notice being
given, but I insist that it ought to be given so as
to propose to have effect, as it can legally and con-
stitutionally and rightfully have effect, only from
the time that it is given in obedience to the joint
resolution passed by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER.' Mr. President, the difference
between the Senator from Kentucky and the com-
mittee, it would seem, is rather one of form than
of substance. The Senator is in favor of giving
the notice, but he criticises the way in which it
has been done. Now^'that the Senate may un-
derstand the way in which it has been done,and
be prepared to approach the precise question in
issue, I ask permission to read from a document
which I have in my hand the actual terms of the
notice already given. I have in my hand acopy
of a dispatch addressed by our minister in Lon-
don to Earl Russell, bearing date the 23d of No-
vember, 1864, drawn up in pursuance of instruc-
tions from the Department of State. In this
dispatch there is a minute statement of the griev-
ances and the outrages which had recently oc-
curred on our northern frontier, setting forth at
freat length especially that outrage to which the
enator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] called our
attention the other day, on Lake Erie. After
proceeding with these details, this communication
goes on as follows:
" It must be obvious to your lordship that at the time of
the adoption of the arrangement between the two Gov-
ernment!) in April, 1817, which limited their naval forces
on the takes, a condition of thing* like the piPsent could
scarcely have been anticipated. Thu purpose clearly was
to prevent either party from keeping up a force which might
endanger the other, thus entailing upon both the necessity
of maintaining a more or less burdensome armament. It
certainly did not contemplate tiie possible intervention of
a third party, ill disposed to both, which should malignantly
avail itself of the known provisions of the compact for the
purpose of working certain mischief to that which it hated
the most, and possible injury even to ihe other, by provok-
ing strife between the two. Neither could it have foreseen
the precise position in which her Majesty's Government
has been placed by recognizing as belligerents persons ca-
pable of abusing the privileges conceded by tfiat measure
to the most malicious purposes. In view of these extraor-
dinary events, against the recurrence of which on the Ca-
nadian side, no provision adequate to meet the immediate
exigency seems to have been made on the part of her Ma-
jesty's Government, it would seem to be the imperative duty
of the United States to provide at once some stringent
measures. Inroads by marauding ruffians upon the popu-
lation of the United States on that border cannot be tol-
erated.
"Among the papers which I have the honor to lay before
you, I beg in this connection to call to your notice a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, directingthe outfit of two
steam propellers, one upon Lake Erie and the other upon
Lake Ontario, with the object of checking, and if possible
suppressing, depredations on the trade or attacks upon the
population connected with those waters.
" In consequence, however, of the later outrage perpe-
trated at St. Albans, I am directed to say that the preced-
ing measures are not deemed by any means adequate to
answer the desired purpose. The proceedings taken to-
gether are regarded as deserving of further and prompt ac-
tion on the part of her Majesty's Government, in order to
avert the dangers of ultimate conflict upon the Canadian
borders.
" It gives me great satisfaction to be able to acknowledge
to your lordship that the Canadian executive authority has
thus far cooperated with my Government in faithful and
diligent efforts to bring these disturbers of the public peace
to due account. It is a matter of certainty, though not
perhaps susceptible of judicial proof, that all movements
of tins character are set on loot by a notorious person
named Jacob Thompson, who, with other disloyal citizens
of the United States, is temporarily domiciled in Canada,
and furnished with funds by lus coadjutors at home for
these iniquitous operations through the banking institu-
tions of tiiat province. It is impossible not to feel their
presence and their activity in that region to be a constant
threat against the safety of the people occupying the entire
long line of the border. I am, therefore, with great regret,
instructed to give this formal notice to your lordship, that
in conformity with the treaty reservation of the right, at
the expiration of six months from the date of this note the
United States will deem themselves at liberty to increase
the naval armament upon the lakes, if. m their judgment,
the condition of affairs in that quarter shall then require it.
" In taking this step I <un desired to assure your lordship
that it is reunited to only as an indispensable measure to
the national defense, and so far from being in a spirit of
hostility that it springs from a wish no less earnest than
heretolorc to preserve the most friendly relations with
Great Britain. I take pleasure in adding that it is the fixed
purpose of my Government in every case to directits ener-
gies to the pievention of all attempts to invade the British
territory, whether by way of retaliation or otherwise."
This note, I have already said, bears date No-
vember 23, and on it is minuted as follows:
" Delivered at the Foreign Office at fifteen min-
utes past six o'clock, p. m." The Senate will
therefore observe that it is from that date that the
notice given by this communication may be said
to take effect; but here the question is presented
which has been raised by the Senator from Ken-
tucky as to the validity of a notice given by the
President under such circumstances and in such
a way. That question has occupied the attention
of the committee, and after careful consideration
of it they came to the conclusion which is em-
bodied in the resolution now underconsideration.
In their opinion, a treaty may be regarded as to
a certain extent a part of the law of the land, to
be repealed or set aside only as other law is re-
pealed or set aside: that is, by act of Congress. I
might illustrate this conclusion by various au-
thorities, judicial and legislative. I content my-
self with simply reading the words of Mr. Justice
Story in his Commentaries on the Constitution of
the United States. Speaking of treaties, he says:
" It is, therefore, indispensable that they should have the
obligation and force of a law, that they may he executed
by the judicial power and be obeyed like other laws. This
will not prevent them from being canceled or abrogated
by the nation upon grave and suitable occasions ; for it will
not be disputed that they are subject to the legislative
power, and may be repealed, like other laws, at its pleas-
ure."—Stoiy'a Commentaries on the Constitution, see. 1838.
I will quote also the words of Mr. Justice Ire-
dell in giving the opinion of* the Supreme Court
of the united States in the case of Ware vs. Hyl-
ton, 3 Dallas's Reports, page 260: .
" It is a part of the law of nations that if a treaty he vio-
lated by one party, it is at the option of the other party, if
innocent, to dcclare in consequence of the breach that the
treaty is void. IfCongress, therefore, who I conceive alone
have such authority under our Government, shall make
such a declaration in any case like the present, I bhall
deem it my duty to regard the treaty as void."
I assume, therefore, that the intervention of Con-
gress is necessary to the termination of this treaty,
and the President has already, to the extent of
his power, interfered to give the notice which it
is now proposed that Congress shall give, which,
indeed, the other House, during the last session,
actually undertook to give so far as one branch
of the Legislature could act. But the Senator from
Kentucky tells us that the original defect in the
notice as given by the President is of such a char-
acter that it cannot be cured, if I may so express
myself, by any subsequent ratification, and he
proceeds to present what he will excuse me if I
call rather imaginary cases—cases which I think
could hardly occur, and which are widely differ-
ent from the case now underconsideration. I will
not undertake to express any opinion on the cases
which he does present; as for instance, if the
President, during the recess of Congress, should
undertake to involve th^ country in war. Let
that case take care of itself when it arises for judg-
ment. The case now before us is more simple,
andisonewith regard to which there are no private
rights or interests. It is simply a question of a
domestic character as between Congress and the
President of the United States. He has given the
notice. As regards the Government of Great
Britain, that notice, I cannot doubt, is perfectly
valid. That Government will never call it in
question. It is for our own security, and for the
conformity of our precedents with just principles,
that we now propose by a formal act of Congress
to throw over this act of the President the shield
of congressional sanction, and the question is,
can that be done? Can Congress, by an act of
ratification, impart to the original notice given by
the President that power and character which,
without subsequent ratification, it would not have ?
On that point 1 content myself with reading the
authoritative words of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the decisions Known as the Prize
Cases, 2 Black's Reports, page 671. There the
court express themselves as follows:
" Without admitting thatsuch an act was necessary un-
der the circumstances, it is plain that if the President had
in any manner assumed powers which it was necessary
should have the authority or sanction of Congress, that on
the well-known principle of law,' omnisratikabitio retro-
trakitur et mandato cquiparatur^ this ratification has oper-
ated to perfectly cure the delect, in the case of Brown
vs. United States, (8 (branch, 131,132, 133,) Mr. Justice
Story treats of this subject, and cites numerous authorities
to which we may refer to prove this position, and con-
cludes/ I am perfectly satisfied that no subject can com-
mence hostilities or capture property of an enemy, when
the sovereign has prohibited it. But suppose he did, I
would ask if the sovereign may not ratify his proceed-
ings, and thus, by a retroactive operation, give validity to
them ?'"
All that is proposed on the present occasion is
that Congress shall ratify the notice already given
to the British Government, and by a retroactive
operation give validity to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a treaty was
made between the United States and Great Britain
in relation to the armaments to be kept upon the
lakes that form a boundary between the British
possessions and the United States. There is a
provision in that treaty that either party may term-
inate it by giving the other party six months'
notice. My own opinion is that the altered con-
dition of Canada, resulting from the construction
of her ship-canals, has rendered it expedient and
proper for years past that the United States should
terminate that treaty, and I have always been
ready since 1 have been a member of this body to
vote for its termination. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations is not more
in favor of taking that step than I am myself.
The only question between him and the commit-
tee and myself is as to the regularity of the pro-
ceeding that is recommended by the committee
for terminating the treaty.
This is not a treaty between the President of
the United States and Great Britain. It is a treaty
between the United States and Great Britain. One
of the stipulations of the treaty is that either party
to it may terminate it. Who, then,are the paities
that are authorized to terminate it ? Who are the
parties that are competent respectively to give
notice to terminate the treaty? They are Great
Britain on the one side, and not the President of
the United States, but the United States itself, on
the other side. The committee are unanimously
of opinion that the act of the President in giving
notice to terminate the treaty is an act without
any authority, and until it is ratified and confirmed
by the action of Congress, as every gentleman
acknowledges, it has nu effect or operation what-
ever.
By an express provision of the Constitution
treaties are made the supreme law of the land.
Treaties may be unmade, and they are unmade in
