1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there is no question about the equity of making
this allowance. It is a question of expediency
whether we will do it upon this draft and thereby
disturb a^l the calculations of the quotas of the
States.
Mr. NOBLE. I know that at least one hun-
daM of my constituents, one hundred days' men,
fell in the engagement around this city, and their
bones lie bleaching around Washington, or have
been carried to their homes. I think it very
unjust to Ohio unless the Ohio men be credited
now. It cannot be presumed that we are going to
have a dozen drafts, or many more, if any; and a.
credit preposed to be applied hereafter is not such
a credit as the equity of the case demands. I
think we ought tq have the credit now, because
I do not apprehend that we shall have many more
opportunities to have the credit applied.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman cannot be
ahead of my own disposition to credit my State,
and all other State? and sub-districts, with their
proper number of men, wit I have suggested the
/ reason why we propose not to do it now. It all
J lies in a question of expediency, the almost utter
inability of getting at it now without unsettling
everything which has been done in preparing for
the draft. If we could have got at this subject at
an early day, and could have legislated on it be-
fore the draft, as I would have preferred to do,
then it might have been well enough to have taken
the view of it which my colleague [Mr. Noble]
takes.
ENROLLED BILLS. «
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Harriet
and Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of the
late Commodore Henry W. Morris;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) in the matter
• of Sergeant Daniel Collett, jr., deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 389) for the relief of Mary
Shircliff;
An act (H. R. No. 543) to increase the efficiency
of the medical corps of the Army; and
An act (S. No. 454) supplemental to an act en-
titled "An acttoannexa part of the State of New
Jersey to the collection district of New York, and
to appointan assistantcollector to reside at Jersey
City."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Cobb, one of
its Clerks, announced that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, bills of the following titles:
An act (HI R. No. 160) for the relief of Chapin
Hall; and
An act(H. R. No. 728) to pay to each of the sur-
viving soldiers of the Revolution, five in number,
whose names are on the pension roll, §300 an-
nually, as a gratuity, in adSRion to the pension
now paid them.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 387) amendatory of an act to
amend anactentitled" An act to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts, approved March 3, 18G3;"
An act (S. No. 295) making additional grants
of lands to the State of Minnesota, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State;
Joint resolution (S. No. 114) authorizing addi-
tional copies of public documents to be printed
for the Department of State;
Joint resolution (S. No. 122) relating to inter-
national exhibitions at Bergen, in Norway, and
Oporto, in Portugal, during the summer of 1865;
and
Joint resolution (S. No. 121) to purchase mail
pouches or boxes, of Marshall Smith's patent,
for the postal service, and for other purposes, v
ENROLLMENT BILL AO AIM.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last line. This
question of allowing credit for the hundred-day
men furnished by the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Wisconsin, and Michigan, is a very im-
portant one. I feel the force of the argument made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
that the call was made under agreement, with the
Governors of those States that no credit would
bo asked for them. Still, sir, these men were
, furnished. Many of them went into the battle-
field, and all of them were stationed at some im-
portant military post, where their services were
supposed to be most profitable to the Government.
They were called out at a time when the climate of
the South was most unhealthy, and many of them
contracted disease from which they have not re-
covered. In a word, they endured all the hard-
ships and performed all the duties incumbent upon
any soldier in our armies during their term of
service. They were furnished by those States,
out of an anxiety to aid the Government in its
exigency.
It does seem to me, Mr. Speaker, that the fact
of this having been tendered as a free-will offer-
ing is no reason why these States should not now
be credited with the men furnished. We are told
that we had better not strike out the proviso, for
the reason that, if we do, it will cause some
difficulty in adjusting the quotas of these States.
That is an argument which ought not to obtain
here. These northwestern States that furnished
the hundred-day men are responding promptly
to the last call of the President; and I am rejoiced
to learn from the adjutant general of our State
that no draft will be necessary. Still it is but a
matter of justice that the State should get credit
for these hundrecWay men, and let that credit go
to the next call, n we are unfortunate enough to
have another. 1 hope, therefore, that this proviso
will be struck out. The War Department can
afford to undergo the difficulty and trouble of ad-
justing the quotas. It can certainly afford it bet-
ter than these States can afford to lose the benefit
of that credit. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. COFFROTH. I desire to move toamenil
this section by striking out the word " hereafter,"
in the first clause of the section.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order. The question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Noble,] to strikeout
the following proviso:
ProvHed, That such credits sbnll not be applied to the
call for additional troops made by the President on the 21st
day of December, 1864.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN called for tlie yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 72, not voting 49; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James G. Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Rally#
AugustusC. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Brandegee, Chan-
ler, CJay,Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison, Edger-
ton, Eldridge, Fmck, Grider, Hall, Harding, Harrington,
Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Holman, Hutchins, lngersoll,
Philip Johnson, KaIbfleiseh,King, Knapp, Law, Le Blond,
Long, Maicy, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
Norton, John O'Neill, Peiry, 1'rnyn, Itadtord, William II.
Randall, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stile-4,
Strouse, Stuart, Thomas, Townsend, Voorhecs, Wads-
worth, Elihu B. Washburne, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Wintield, and Fernando Wood—Gl.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley. Bax-
ter, Beaman, Blain«, Blair, Boutwell, Boyd, Brooniall,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Derning, Donnelly, Drigg*,
Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fiank. Garfield, Grinnell, Ben-
jamin G.Harris, Ilighy, Asahel W. Habitant, John H. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Kellcy, Orlando Kellogg. Knox, Littlejohn,
Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, Melliide, McCluig,
Samuel F.Miller, Mooriiead, Moinll, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Charles O'Neill, Perham, i'tke, Pomeroy. Price,
Alexander 11. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Srliouek, r-cn-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Starr, Sweat,
Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler/" Williams, Wilson, Woodbadge,
Worthington. and Yeaman—72.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley,
Bliss, Blow, Brooks, James S. Brown, Fieeinan Clarke,
Creswell, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Duinont, Eden, Eng-
lish, Ganson, Goocl), Griswold, Hale, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Ka^son, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, Kernan, Lazear, Mallury, McDowell, Melndoe,
McKiuney, Middletotl, William H. Mdler, Leonard Myers,
Odeli, Orth, Patterson, Pendleton, Samuel J. Itaudall,Jonn
H. Rice, Robinson, Uogers, James 8. Itolims, PpaUItni;,
William G. Sieele, Ward, Webster, Wiialey, Wilder, VVm-
rdom, and Benjamin Wood—49.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the sec-
tion by adding to it the following:
Jind provided further, That the period of actual service
rendered up to the date of the call for troops *hall alone be
taken into account in making up the crodits due S(ates.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is the law now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand that the At-
torney General has rendered a decision to-day
contrary to the opinion the gentleman has ex-
pressed here. 1 understand tlie Attorney Geu-
.eral of the United States has construed tlie law
as meaning that the term of enlistment shall be
taken as the basis, instead of the tarn of service-
actually rendered. Now, I desire to have the
law so amended that it shall be so explicit that It
will not admit of such a'construction as that
which 1 understand the Attorney General toihaiTO
given.
Mr. GARFIELD. In the very section, before,
his eyes the gentleman from Illinois[Mr. Inoer-
soll] can see these words: " during the present
rebellion for any period of service of not less than
three months."
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is the language of
the old law, which has been construed,as I have
said, by the Attorney General. It can do no harm
to make the law explicit.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] if the purpose of
his amendment is to have a three years;' man.
count no more than a one year's man. , . „
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 propose to lmve him,
count fur three times as much, for the actual ser-
vice lie; has rendered. If he has served three
years, then lie will count as much as three one
year's men.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose he has served but one
year ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then there will be a credit
for one year's service.
Mr. THAYER. Suppose he has been killed?
Mr. INGERSOLL. He cannot serve after ha
is dead. #•
Mr. TIIAYER. If he enlisted for three years,
and has fallen in battle, he should be credited as
a three years' man.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move pro
forma to strike out the last words of the amend-
ment. It strikes me that the amendment is proper
and just. I am opposed to the calculation of cred-
its based upon a service to be rendered two or
three years hence, unless this Government will
satisfy me that the war is to last so long, and the
parties are to render that service. I am opposed
to the calculation upon which the present draft
has been ordered, for the reason that I say it is
unjust to give credit to a locality for a man who
has meiely promised to render service two years
hence. Upon the present calculation of Provost
Marshal General Fry, a man who entered the ser-
vice yesterday for three years is to be counted as
three men who have served one whole year each;
thusputting theiractual service in the field against
the promises of men who may run away to-mor-
row. I am opposed to that basis of calculation.
I withdraw my amendment,
Mr. SCHENCK. I doubt whether the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Ms. Ingersoijl] will accomt-
plish the object he has iri view. In all future
computations he says that the period of service
shall be considered. If he means the period of
enlistment then I see how it can be arrived at; but
it will require m the case of every one wounded,
every one killed, every one dismissed, and every
one discharged, that you shall find the exact num-
ber of days in order to enter into a computation.
The thing is impracticable. It would take about a
year to make the calculation in reference to any
sub-district draft from the Adjutant General's Of-
fice.
I suggest to the gentleman from Illinois that his
amendment probably does not indicate what he
really intends. If that is what he wants I must
vote against the amendment, no matter what prin-
ciple is involved.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Ingersoll's amendment wasdisagreed to.
Mr. SMl'I'IIERS. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 4. Ani he it further enn rf«f. That hereafter it shal
he the duty of the provost marshal m each enrollment dis-
ttict to cause copies of tlie enrollment of each ward, town-
ship, election precinct, or other sub-rlMrict thereof, to be
posted in at leant three public places therein for thirty days
before the time fixed for any draft; and thereupon it shall
be the duty of every person whose name is not on the list
posted in the ward, township, election precinct, or other
sub-district in which lie resides and who is liable to enroll-
ment therein, under the provisions of the several acta to
which this is an amendment, to report himself, in person
or by writing, for enrollment to the enrolling board of the
district where he resides; and any such person who, for
twenty days after the p'Miiu? of such hcts, shal! willfully
neglect to report for enrollment, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon indictment and conviction
thereof by any court of the United Slates of competent ju-
risdiction, shall pay a fine of .<1*10. mid in default of pay-
ment thereof *hall he imprisoned for thirty days. It shall
be. the duly of the provost marshal of the district to report*
such cases of delinquency to the district attorney of the
