1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
our Government by the action of Congress upon
two principles: first, because Congress has power
to declare war; and second, because a treaty being
in the nature of and having the effect of a law
can only be repealed or abrogated by the law-mak-
ing power. These two principles establish con-
clusively that it is indispensably incumbent and
necessary, in order to secure the termination: of
this treaty, that it shall be terminated not by the
action of the President, but by the action of Con-
S' Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me for
interrupting him for a moment. Do I understand
him to take the ground that we cannot so ratify
the act of the President as to give validity to it
from this time ? .
Mr. DAVIS. I am coming to that m a moment.
That is the conclusion which I reach. I assume,
as seems to be generally conceded, that the action
of Congress is necessary to give the notice, and
thus to terminate the treaty. On that proposition
there is no dissent of opinion, as I understand.
Now the question is, as the President has lireg-
ularly, and without any effect in the act proprto
■visore given the notice, is it competent for Con-
gress to ratify that act and adopt the notice and
give it effect from the time the notice was given?
I assume two positions in relation to that ques-
tion. The first is that, in my judgment, accord-
ing to the principle and the theory of our Govern-
ment, it is not competent for Congress to ratify a
void and unauthorized act by the President so as
to give it vitality, effect, and operation from the
time that act was performed. In the next place,
I say that if it was competent for Congress to give
by its ratification this effect to the act, it would
be inexpedient and m the highest degree impolitic
to attempt to give it any such effect. _
In my judgment a great mistake m relation to
the construction of our Constitution and of the
powers created by it results from the continual
habit of our functionaries, officers, and people,
of drawing analogies between our Government
and other Governments, when, according to my
position, there is no such analogy. Ihere is but
one law of our Government, and that is the Con-
stitution of the United States. Whenever the
powers of our Government are to be ascertained
on any controverted question, how is it to be set-
tled   In my judgment it ia to be settled by a re-
sort to, and a'correct understanding of, the Con-
stitution, not by drawing analogies from other
Governments. • • , .1 .
Our Constitution establishes the principle that
the powers of Government are divided into de-
partments; the legislative are assigned to Con-
gress, the executive to the President, and the ju-
dicial to the courts. Let me ask the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, this question:
suppose the President of the United States was to
assume a judicial power, and was to render a
iudgment that appertained, according to the prin-
ciples of our Constitution, to the judiciary alone,
could the judiciary afterward, after he had ren-
dered his iudgment, and had endeavored to give
it effect and validity, ratify the judgment of the
President, and by that ratification give the same
effect and consequences to that judgment from the
'time it was rendered by the President which it
would have had if it had been rendered in the
first instance by the judiciary itself? He would
answer no. I think that it is just as competent
for the judiciary to recognize and to give a valid-
ity and'sanction to a judgment which ought to
have been rendered by the courts, but which in
fact had been rendered by the President, as it is
for Congress to give effect to a legislative act that
lias been attempted to be performed by the irres-
ident, and which Congress could alone perform
validly and effectively according to ourConstitu-
The principle contended for by the honorable
Senator would break dow n the separation of pow-
ers among the departments of Government; it
would intermingle the executive and legislative
powers, and it could as validly and logically in-
termingle the judicial and executive powers. My
position is, that the President has no right to
exercise any judicial or legislative powers; and
though he ma'y assume to exercise the one or the
other, the sanction of the department of the Gov-
ernment to which they properly and constitution-
ally appertain to his exercise of such powers can-
not give it the least effect whatever. But if I am
mistaken in that general principle, and I do not
believe I am mistaken in it,according to a correct
interpretation of the powers of Government,still,
on the question of expediency, I hold that where
one department of the Government sets the ex-
ample of trenching upon the powers of another
department of the Government, and does an act
which it has no power to do, and which, if it at-
tempts to do, has no legal effect whatever, the
department to which appertains the right and the
prerogative to do the thing, even by sanctioning
the unauthorized usurpation of power by the other
department of the Government, has no effect to
give any validity to the unauthorized act bf the
department that usurps the power.
The honorable Senator has read from the de-
cision in the prize cases. There was a variety of
opinions in relation to the correctness of that de-
cision; but it is the highest adjudication that can
take place in our country, and all have to submit
to it; but that adjudication establishes a principle
only in analogy to such cases as were decided in
that particular suit. In relation to this question
it established no principle whatever; in relation to
this question that decision is coram nonjudice; and
if this question could come up in a case of meum
and tmim, in which private rights would be in-
volved, I have no doubt that the Supreme Court
itself would take and hold the position that the
case on which the honorable Senator relies applies
only to the strict line of cases like it.
But, sir, waiving that question, and conceding
that Congress may approve of this void act of the
President, this unauthorized act of the President,
this act of the President that has no effect what-
everuntil it is ratified and confirmed by Congress,
the question then arises, is it not in the highest
degree inexpedient and vicious, and may it not be
eminently vicious in the future that it should thus
ratify his act? Why, sir, what is the effect of a
bad precedent? AVhat is the limit to the iruschiev-
ous consequences of a bad precedent? What is
to be the effect and what is to terminate the mis-
chiefof power being usurped by one department of
our Government thatproperly pertains to another.
It takes the future with all its events, all the varie-
ties of questions that may come up involving the
power that has been irregularly and unauthoriz-
edly exercised by the President, and to which
we are now seeking to give effect; it takes the
indefinite future to measure the mischievous con-
sequences of such a precedent. There is but one
safe rule, and that rule is not to give such a pre-
cedent any countenance, not to give it any sane-
tion, not to encourage a disposition and tendency
upon the part of one branch of the Government to
trench on the powers of another by that other de-
partinunt attempting to sustain and to sanction,
or to give validity to this usurped power and the
act that has been attempted to be performed under
the usurped power.
I had not intended to say many words on this
subject. I rose simply to state my dissent from
the resolution recommended by the committee
and the grounds upon which I maue that dissent.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if this were
a question of private rights, if, according to the
language of the Senator from Kentucky, there was
anv question of meum and fitum, there would be a
certain force, perhaps, in his argument; but there
are no private rights involved, there are no pri-
vate individuals who can be affected one way or
the other by this proposed ratification of the notice
already given. I therefore put out of view that
class of suggestions. It is, then, simply a ques-
tion of general power on the part of Congress
when the exercise of it involves no question of
private rights. . ,
I conclude that Congress has this power, and
I put my conclusion on two distinct grounds.
The first ground is the reason of the case, its
common sense; for without this power on the
part of Congress I can imagine that sometimes
oreat difficulties or embarrassments might ensue
m the administration of Government. I say that
the power must exist in Congress of ratifying,
if it sees fit, certain executive acts. The second
ground on which I put it is the ground of luthor-
ity; that the Supreme Court of the United States,
after careful consideration in recent cases which
the whole country knows had the amplest atten-
tion and were most fully argued, has affirmed the
power 011 the part of Congress of ratifying an
executive act which without th^t ratification OJfght
otherwise have been invalid. But I d,o no^ con-
tentmyself with referring to that single decision,
recent and authoritative as it is;.I call,attention
also to that earlier decision which is refcrrea to
in the prize cases, the case of Brown v$. 1 he
United States, in 8 Cranch, which is well know(i
to all lawyers to have been one of_ the best rea-
soned judgments that can be found in our bookaj
and in that case you will find the same power
attributed to Congress. . , ...
I say, therefore, on grounds of reason on
grounds of authority, that I am not permitted,t?
doubt that Congress may exercise tnis power.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, thecommifr-
tee I believe were unanimous in thinking that the
treaty of 1817 should be terminated. The only
doubt which existed in the minds of the commit-
tee was whether the preparatory step had been
properly taken which was taken by the President
on the 23d of last No vember in giving the notice for
the termination^ the treaty. Some of the mem-
bers of the committee were under the impression,
and perhaps in that opinion the honorable chair-
man concurred, that the President had no author-
ity to give that notice. The honorable member
from Kentucky, who thought that there was no
authority on the part of the President to give the •
notice, supposed that we could not ratify the no-
tice given by him so as to make it effective as from
the day on which the notice was given.
There were two questions, therefore, before us,
and there are now two questions before the Sen-
ate, although, so far as the resolution is concerned,
it is important only to pass upon one of them.
The first is whether the President had not the
power to give the notice without any antecedent
legislation on the part of Congress. I am not
prepared to say now—and I have not examined
it, because it was immaterial, as I have just sug-
gested, to the consideration of the resolution itself
—whether he has not the power. We know that
under the Constitution of the United States, the
only organ between the United States and foreign
Governments is the Executive. They have noth-
ing to do with the Congress of the United States
or with the judiciary of the United States. The
whole foreign relations of the country, as far as
they are to be carried on by negotiation or m any-
other way, are to be conducted by the President.
Foreign nations, therefore, have a right to sup-
pose that what he does in behalf of the United
States he does under some proper authority. 1
have not had time, or at least I have not thought
it neccssary, as I have juststated, to examine into
that question; but my recollection is that the proc-
lamation of neutrality which was issued by Gen-
eral Washington during the war between England
and ]?rance was justified by Mr. Hamilton in hia
celebrated letters signed "Pacificus," upon the
ground that that was a purely executive act. And
he reasoned with the clearness which distinguished
all his productions; he reasoned with very great
power to show that the President himself, because
he was the organ as between the United States
and foreign nations, had the power to issue that
proclamation of neutrality, he esteeming the issu-
ing of a proclamation of that description as an
executive act, and reasoning from the provisions
of the Constitution that every act which is not by
the terms of the Constitution declared to be legis-
lative or judicial is in its nature executive, and to
be performed on the part of the Executive.
But, as I have said, it is unnecessary to inquire
whether that notice of itself, because of the power
of the President to bind us absolutely by the giv-
ing of that notice, aqswered that purpose or not.
I suppose it to be very clear that England, on the
23d of November, when the notice was given by
the President, had a right to assume that the Pres-
ident had the power to give that notice. She
would have no right to tell the President, " You
are acting without authority; you are warring
against the provisions of your own Constitution;
you are transcending your own limited power;
we appeal, therefore, from your decision to Con-
gress, and we shall pay no regard to the notice
until Congress shall act." I am sure England
never contemplated that she was authorized to
make an objection of that description, and I pie-
sume that the United States would not be alto-
SUIIie Lliab LIIC    
gether pleased if England had made such an
answer to the President's notice of the 23d of
November.
