314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him there? I understand that, in point
of fact, Earl Russell took notice of the action in
a formal communication addressed to the Depart-
ment, which has been received within a few days,
and recognized the validity of the notice, and, if
I may so expressmyself, received it in good part.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was just about to refer to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said,Mr. President,
that the English Government would have no
right, as I think, it would have been discourteous
in the extreme, it would have been offensive to the
United States, to have told the President, when
it received the President's notice of the 23d of
November, that he was acting withoutauthority;
and,instead of pursuing that discourteous course,
as the chairman has informed the Senate, the
proper organ of the British Government replied
—and I was very glad to see that the reply was
couched in the terms in which it was written—in
very courteous terms; said in substance that there
was nothing in the notice of an offensive charac-
ter; he recognized the authority of the United
States to put an end to the treaty, and looked upon
it rather as a friendly than as a hostile act; and
that is now of rgford.
Then how do we stand? The President, the
only organ between ourselves and England, has
assumed the right to give the notice, and has
given it. The English Government has accepted
the notice as properly given. The English Gov-
ernment might at the very time that notice was
given, or the day after, or at any day between
that day and the present, have come to the con-
clusion that, looking to the interest of that Gov-
ernment, it was important to them that the treaty
should be terminated, and might have abstained
fromgivmg the notice which they were authorized
to give, that the treaty was to terminate at the end
of six months, upon the assumption that the no-
tice was in fact given by the United States, and
that it was therefore unnecessary to give a dupli-
cate notice, because the notice given by the Uni-
ted States and accepted by England was precisely
as effective as a notice given by England and ac-
cepted by the United States. Then at the end of
Six months from the 23d of November England
may say to us—and 1 speak, it with all deference
to my friend from Kentucky, or any other mem-
ber of the Senate who may entertain the same
opinion that he does—" The treaty is at an end,
and we will increase our force upon the lakes."
Could the United States then say, " You shall do
110 such thing; the treaty is not at an end; the
treaty is still just as effective as it was in 1817,
when it was hfst negotiated, or as it would have
remained effective if no notice had been given at
all?" I submit, not.
Then if England wouldhavearightat the term-
ination of six months from the 23d of Novem-
ber to consider the treaty as abrogated, it would
seem necessarily to follow that we have a right
to consider the treaty as abrogated at the termi-
nation of six months from the 23d of November.
"What do we propose to do ? There existing some
doubt, as between the President and ourselves—
not as between the President and foreign Govern-
ments—whether the President had a right, with-
out our antecedent authority, to give the notice on
the 23d of November, he having, however, given
it and bound the United States to England that
we will consider the treaty as terminated at the
expiration of six months from that date, and that
England may consider the treaty as terminated at
the expiration of the .same period, we say, as be-
tween him and ourselves, " You have represented
us perhaps beyond the limit of your authority,
but you have bound us; we feel that we ought
to be bound; now we want to indemnify you;
we want to show that you have done nothing of
which we complain; we want the treaty put an
end to; England has a right to consider it as term-
inated because of that notice, and we want to
my as between ourselves and you that although
you may have gone beyond the very letter of
your authority, you have only done that which
we desire to be considered as legally done, and
we will ratify it."
What difference is there between a case of that
description and any other case of principal and
agent? The President is the agent of the United
States. He is the agent of the legislative author-
ity of the United States. If my friend from Ken-
tucky and those who think with him are right,
he is only authorized as the agent of the United
States in relation to this treaty to give the notice
after Congress shall have authorized or directed
him to give it. But he has given it before. Can-
not we confirm what he has done before? If we
would have authorized him to do it at the time that
he did it, cannot we say " We will have the bene-
fit of his act, although it might not have been
bindingupon us as between himand ourselves?"
Why not? How is it as between individuals,
agents and principals ? A man goes into the world
under the authbrity of a limited power of attor-
ney; he transcends it; his principal knows it; his
principal acquiesces in it; his principal expressly
ratifies it: is not that subsequent ratification equal
to original and antecedent authority? Certainly;
and ail that the Supreme Court of the United
States decided in the case, in 8 Cranch, which has
been cited, and what the majority of the Court in
the prize cases have said was correctly decided,
to which the honorable member from Massachu-
setts has referred, is this: that whatever is done
by an agent may be ratified by his principal after-
ward, so as to make it just as effective an act of
agency as if it had been authorized in advance.
What was that case?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose the President was to
proclaim war against a foreign country—Eng-
land, for instance—and three months afterward
Congress by an act should attempt to ratify his
declaration of war by proclamation, would the
recognition of the war by Congress make it ef-
fective from the time that the President had pro-
claimed it?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 say yes, and that is pre-
cisely what the Supreme Court have decided.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me ask this further ques-
tion. Under a treaty between the two countries,
in case of a declaration of war, the subjects of
England and tiie citizens of the United States, in
the two countries respectively, have six months
within which to withdraw their property. Sup-
pose that within the six months after the procla-
mation of war by the President, but before the
expiration of six months after the ratification of
the war by Congress, there was a confiscation of
the property of English subjects in this country,
would that confiscation of property ,be valid ?
Would not the subject of England have the right
to claim his property upon the ground that there
had been no valid declaration of war?
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not alter the case
at all. What is war? It is a prosecution of some
supposed right by force; that is all. What is the
character of the conflict that is going on in the
United States now? It is too late to question that
it is war; and what made it war? Not any decla-
ration of war by Congress; for Congress took no
action in relation to it until the 13th of July, 1861.
Everything antecedent to that time was done by
the Executive; and yet the Supreme Court have
unanimously decided that long before the passage
of the act of July 13, 18G1, a state of war existed
which gave to each of the parties, the confederate
States and the United States, every belligerent
right.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the Senator, with his
permission, if he maintains that the decision of
the Supreme Court referred to by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts decides that every
belligerent right appertains to both parties before
the recognition of a state of war by Congress, or
even after the recognition of a state of war by
Congress? Was not the effect of the decision
simply restricted to the question of the right of
prize upon the ocean?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my understanding of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The particular cases before
the Court were cases which involved the question
whether the prize law was applicable to the hos-
tilities existing between the United States and the
confederate States. The objection taken by the
minority of the Court, consisting of the Chief
Justice and three of the associates, to considering
the war as existing even with reference to the
application of the prize law was that to consider
it as existing was incidentally to make them all
enemies; but if the honorable member will read
the dissenting opinion given in behalf of the dis-
senting judges by Mr. Justice Nelson, he will find
that it was upon the very ground that it would
involve all the rights of war that he dissented;
but he admitted, and all the Court admitted, that
after the act of July 13, 1861, was passed, every
belligerent right, every right of war, and all the
incidental rights growing out of a state of war
existed.
My honorable friend will not forget the Mexi-
can war. How did that war exist until May,
1846? How was it brought about? We said,
and Congress said by passing the act of May,
1846, that Mexico had made war upon us, and
that the President had the right, or his military
officers had a right, to accept the war, to fight the
battles upon the Rio Grande.
Mr. POSTER. " War existed by the act of
Mexico." • *
Mr. JOHNSON. Iknow; and when we passed
the act of May, 1846, the preamble of that act
stated that war existed by the act of Mexico, not
by any declaration of war by Congress; and no-
body doubted that after Congress passed that act,
or independent of the passage of that act, a state
of war existed which made the people of the Uni-
ted States the enemies of the people of Mexico.
That is all that we have done in relation to this
war.
But, sir, that is not exactly this case. There
is no question as to who shall declare war grow-
ing out of the proposition upon your table. The
question is, whether we have not the right to rat-
ify an act done by our agent, the President, as-
suming for the sake of the argument, (and the
necessity of the ratification does assume it,) that
as between him and us he stands in need of a
ratification. He has offended against us, not as
against England. England has a right to con-
sider us as bound by his act, and to call us to an
account hereafter if we refuse to abide by his act.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I assume, and a great many gen-
tlemen do with me, that the President has per-
formed a great many unauthorized and illegal acts
for which he is responsible in our courts of jus-
tice to the persons injured. Does the honorable
Senator contend that the passage of an act by
Congress ratifying all those acts of the President,
indemnifying him, and attempting to save him
harmless and irresponsible for tho.se acts, would
have the effect of making those acts valid and
legal ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, butnotin thegen-
eral, sweeping terms the honorable member states.
They cannot justify the President in doing what
neither President nor Congress together could do;
but so far as the President has done acts which
Congress could have authorized him in advance
to do, then their subsequent legislation confirming
what he has done will place such acts precisely
upon the footing in which this particular act will
be placed if we pass the resolution upon your table.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the honorable Senator as-
sume the position that private rights may be for-
feited in that way; that the President may make
an encroachment upon private rights against law,
and for which he would be responsible in our
courts, and for which he would be responsible
even if there was an act of Congress authorizing
him at the time to perform those acts? Docs he
assume the position that where the Presidentdoes
those acts without any authority of law, and be-
comes a trespasser and a wronst-docr, he may he
indemnified and rendered harmless by Congress
afterward passing laws to ratify those acts? Do
I understand the honorable Senator to assume
that position ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not wish to be misun-
derstood; and 1 am sure the honorable member
docs not desire to misunderstand me, and still less*
to misrepresent me.
Mr. DAVIS. Most certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I mean tosayisthis:
that everything which the President of the United
States could do, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, being such because he is President, in the
execution and carrying on of this war, if Con-
gress by legislation had authorized himtodoitin
advance, he is to be considered as having properly
done if Congress afterward by legislation sanc-
tions it. If the honorable member will consult
