1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
I should like to know, sir, from the chairman
of the Committee.on Military Affairs the reasons
which induced them to incorporate that provision
into this bill. You mightas well ask me to hunt
a thief and become a detective as to do this thing;
to make me responsible for the substitute after he
has been mustered in. I thmlc that it is so plain
a case that even the chairman, with his military
experience, will hardly claim that it ought to
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, in opposing
the amendment I shall be able to answer the ques-
tion why such a section was deemed necessary by
the Military Committee. There is certainly mis-
apprehension on the part of gentlemen in this Hall
on both sides in reference to the relation which
the members of the Military Committee bear to
this subject of raising armies by enrollment and
draft. Gentlemen on the one side and the other
seem occasionally to feel themselves called upon
not only to suppose, but to express the opinion
that there is a disposition on the part of the com-
mittee to tyrannize over the people of this coun-
try, to make harsh laws. It may be considered
that-we of the committee stand here the Repre-
sentatives of the people, for the people, and of
the people, as much as other gentlemen in the
House.
What are the provisions that we have inserted
in this bill? The conclusion in reference to the
provisions submitted 011 the part of the committee
has been redched after such investigation as we
could give, deriving information on the several
points involved from whatever legitimate and au-
thentic source we could. We have framed this
bill, and the various sections of it, after consul-
tation with the authorities here, with the Provost
Marshal General and the head of the War De-
partment, after consultation and correspondence
with enrolling officers all over the land, after look-
ing into correspondence which we have had with
Governors of States, after looking into innumer-
able communications made to us by members
themselves, and communications coming from citi-
zens throughout the country; and we have en-
deavored from this information, derived from all
sources, to ascertain what were the defects of the
present law and what would be the best remedy
for them. Among these defects is one which
arises from the present loose method of permit-
ting substitutes to be put in. I do not know
whether I will have time to have read some ex-
tracts from the report of General Hinks, who has
had charge of the rendezvous camp at New York;
but I know that it would be profitable informa-
tion to this House. He shows what has been
his experience and observation at that rendezvous^
camp for recruits and substitutes at New York.'
It is a paper which has been ably prepared. It
presents the whole subject fully. It shows how
it is that our best regiments in the Army have
been running down under the present substitute
system.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
the whole of it read ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; only the parts I have
marked. But I want first to respond to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. I will illustrate one
of the best regiments in the service, made up of
men entirely from one of the States, when thinned
by battle and disease was, under the substitute
system, filled up with substitutes from Canada
and everywhere else, and now, by desertions of
these substitutes to the enemy and elsewhere, it
stands as one of the most inefficient. And the
history of that regiment is but the history of. a
great many regiments that have been filled up by
the class of persons obtained by substitution all
over the land, with little or no reference upon the
part of those obtaining the substitute, and no
care upon the part of the substitute broker, to the
character and good promise of the individuals
thus put in.
One word now in regard to the principle in-
volved in this whole thing. I look at it from a
stnnd-pointdifferentfrom that which many gentle-
men take, when they say the Government enters
into a contract with the man who furnishes the
substitute that when^ he has furnished the Sub-
stitute the contract is executed upon his part;
„ml he must be released forever thertafter. I deny
all that. I say that every individual, instead of
making n contract, is but discharging a duty; one
imposed on liiui and on all other citizens liable
to military service. I hold that everp man, at
least within the proper age, owes personal mili-
tary service to the Government in its time of trial
and trouble, in order to protect and preserve it;
and that when called upon to yield that service,
under the forms of law, thft Government deals
with him liberally when it says, " You are bound
to serve one year, for instance, unless by the act
of God prevented; but we agree that you may/lo
that service by another. But the service we must
have; and you may give it by yourself or by
proxy; but you must be answerable for your
proxy; not if he dies, not if he is sick, not if he
becomes disabled in the service; but you shall not
plead his crime—for desertion is a crime—any
more than you could by your own ill deserts get
rid of giving this year's service."
The mistake of gentlemen consists in treating
this as a matter of contract. Itisamatter of per-
sonal obligation resting upon every man when
called upon to help and defend the Government,
to give his time and service to that end; and it is
a matterof liberality upon the part of the Govern-
ment to say he may do it by another; but the
Government ought not to go so far as to say he
need not do it at all if he who is substituted fails
to yield this service. The Government should
say that the principal shall be held responsible
for the agent, and thstt he or his agent shall per-
form the service.
I know a plausible argument may be drawn
from this: that when the substitute is turned over
to the Government, and comes under the charge
of the military authorities, he may desert because
he is badly treated, or from laxity of discipline,
and that the fault is with the Governmentand not
with the individual who furnishes the substitute.
1 answer that by saying that you shall not be
permitted to plead the crime of this desertion of
your substitute as a ground of release. If there
be laxity of discipline, or severity of discipline,
or other fault on the part of the Government au-
thorities in carrying out the military laws, that
cannot excuse a party for committing the crime
of desertion either by himself or his representa-
tive. „
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the following:
That hereafter, in every case of actual desertion hy a
substitute, if such person so deserting siiali ha\e been,
since the passage of tins act. mustered into the service as
a substitute for a person liable to draft and not actuaiiv
dratted, the name of such person *o liable to draft, and who
furnished such substitute, shall be again placed upon the
list, and he shall be liable to be drafted for the unexpired
term of service of such substitute so deserting.
I move this amendment in order to express my
views with reference to this provision. It will
not be contended that this law, or any other con-
script law that we can have in a republican Gov-
ernment, is not repugnant to the feelings of our
people; and this feature ingrafted upon this bill
by the Committeeon Military Affairs, in myjudg-
ment, is the most repugnant provision that has
been submitted to the House or country. I am
not at all astonished that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] should insist upon this provision,
for time and again has he announced to this House
that in his opinion the substitute clause ought to
have been stricken out of all bills for conscrip-
tion. Congress, however, lias seen fit to adopt a
different policy, and the House time and again
has expressed its views upon this question; and
now, near the close of the session, when a heavy
call for men is pending, the Military Committee,
through its chairman, presents this bill with a
provision in "it not only making every man re-
sponsible for his own sins against the Govern-
ment, but responsible for other people's sins.
Such a provision in a law of this kind cannot be
found upon the statute-books of any country. It
is unjust and wrong, and cannot be defended upon
the theory of the gentleman from Ohio that every
man owes service to his Government. I admit
that every man owes allegiance and service to the
Government of the country. But where the legis-
lation of the country prescribes how he may dis-
charge that allegiance and service I insist that it
would be a violent wrong to make him responsi-
ble after he has complied with the law and fur-
nished his substitute.
1 have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that in many I
instances parties have been put in as substitutes
who have deserted from the service. But is that
any reason why you should compel those who
have furnished substitutes to become personally
responsible for the failure of their substitutes to
perform tlieir duties as required by the regula-
tions of the War Department and by the la\Pif
the land? We had better at once strike out of
the conscription law every provision looking to
the employment of substitutes, than adopt this
section. It may be that men do desert. Doubt-
less there are thousands of instances in which
they have deserted. But that is not the fault of
the citizens who employ them and put them
into the service. They are not in default. They
have complied with the provisions of law. They
have done what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] or any other member of the House
would do—discharge faithfully every obligation
and duty which he owes to the Government by
complying wi th the lay. After the substitute has
passed beyond the control of the principal, after
he has put himself under the command, direc-
tion, and supervision of the military officers,
should we still exact another important obliga-
tion from him, that is, to make him responsible
for the good conduct of the substitute?
Why, Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from Ohio '
can maintain that principle he may as well go a
step further and insist that there shall be inserted
in these conscription laws a provision making
the principal responsible for the substitute not
only in case of desertion, but also in case of cow-
ardice in battle. In my view open cowardice on
the field of battle is as great a crime as desertion;
and if the principal be held responsible for his
substitute in the one case, he should be so held in
the other case also.
It does seem to me, Mr. Speaker, that if the
gentleman from Ohio had sought to make his bill
odious in the last degree to the people he could
not have done so belter than by embodying in it
this provision. I am in favor of filling up the
ranks ofthe Army,and I repeat a sentiment that
I uttered a moment ago on another question—
that I am proud of belonging to a State that has
not had to resort, in any considerable measure,
to conscription laws to fill up its quotas of men
required for the defense of the Government. I
may be permitted to say further, that if we had
pursued a different policy, and relied upon the
patriotism of the people to defend the country, I
believe we could have prosecuted this war with
more success than it has been prosecuted under
the pet scheme of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] of forcing men into our armies. 1 do
not believe in resorting to these extreme methods
of filling our armies. The law has too many
odious features in it already to meet my appro-
bation. I do not intend that the people whom I
represent shall be insulted in this way. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all in the section after the words " be it en-
acted" and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That whenever, under the provisions of this or any pre-
vious act for the enrollment and c.illmgtmtof the national
force;-, a substitute h is been or shall be accepted and mus-
tered into the service, the person furnishing sucb substi-
tute shali be exempted from drattuud from the performance
of all duty for which such person was or shall be liable to
draft, for the period for which such per-on wan liable to
draft, or for which such substitute was not liable to draft.
Such acceptance and mustering in of the substitute shall
be conclusive 111 favor ot the ptmeipal.
I do not think it worth while to say much
about this, because 1 do not believe anybndy is
in favor of this section except my gallant friend,
the chairman of the Military Committee. If he
had made it consistent by putting in it that when
the substitute deserted the principal should be
shot, or if the substitute committed larceny the
principal should be sent to the penitentiary, then
the section might have- had more of vigor in it
than it now presents.
Mr. WADSWOItTH. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] yield to me a
moment to offer an amendment which I think will
be found in accordance with the suggestion he has
made? ,
Mr. STEVENS. I have but a few words to
say; I will be through in a moment, and then the
gentleman will have an opportunity to offer his
amendment.
Mr. WADSWOiiTH. It seems to me that
