THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
$JUNKS FOB THE VICTORY AT TOUT FISHER.
. ' Mr. DIXON. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce two joint resolutions, one
giving the thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral
Porter, and-the other to Major General Terry, for
the recent brilliant victory at Fort'Fisher; and I
■will observe that although these distinguished offi-
cers were jointly engaged in this victory, I have
followed the precedents in proposing to give them
the thanks of Congress in separate resolutions.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to in-
troduce the joint resolutions; and they were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Major General Alfred H.
Terry and to the officers and men under his com-
mand for their gallantry and good conduct in the
recent capture of Port Fisher—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral David D.
Porter and to the officers, petty officers, seamen,
and marines under his command for their gallantry
and good conduct in the rccent capture of Fort
Fisher—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the
bill that was laid aside on the motion of my col-
league this morning.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 583) to amend
the twenty-first section of an act entitled "An act
to define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of the Army, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 17, 1862.
ISAAC R. DILLER.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senntorfrom
Connecticut allow me to call up a private claim
that was laid over yesterday?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly; I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. It is House bill No. 94, for the
relief of Isaac R. Diller. I will ask that the re-
port ba read. The reading of it was called for
yesterday.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from NewHamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] who called for the reading of
the report is not in the Chamber, and 1 therefore
suggest that the bill had better go over until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky insist on his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. As the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is not in the Chamber 1 will let it be passed
over informally.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 18, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
TheJoumal of yesterday was read and approved.
INDIAN APFAIKS.
The SPEAKER announced the following scleet
committee on Indian affairs, in compliance with
a resolution of the House of yesterday: Messrs.
Windom, Hubbard of Iowa, Ross, Higby, and
woiiihington.
OVERLAND HAIL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting copies of papers referring to the overland
mail route to California; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
« Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I noticed a few days ago in one
of the accompanying documents of the message
pf the Governor of Kentucky, sent to the Legisla-
ture of that State on the 4th instant, that a com-
mission had been appointed by the military com-
mandant of the district of Kentucky to investigate
certain alleged wrongs on the part of the com-
manding general in the first district of Kentucky.
Among other charges in that paper is one against
my colleague [Mj. Anderson] of a serious and
damaging character. I feel it, therefore, a duty
to myself, to the State, and to him, to have that
matter inquired into here. I offer the following
resolution:
Whereas in a public document dated Lexington, "Ken-
tucky, September, 1864, signed by Bugadier General Speed
S. Fry and John Mason Brown, Colonel of tlie forty-filth
Kentucky volunteer infantry, transmitted to the Kentucky
Legislature by Governor Thomas E. Bramlette with the
message of January 4,1865, Hon. Lucien Anderson, a mem-
ber of this body, is charged with corruption, bribery, and
malfeasance in office : Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of three members of this
House be appointed by the Speaker to investigate said
charges, witli power to send for persons and papers, and
report theron.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
the committee should be enlarged to five mem-
bers.
Mr. SMITH. I have no objection.
The resolution was modified accordingly, and
then adopted.
RELIES1 OF TEAMSTERS AND OTHERS.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill for the relief of
certain teamsters and other employes in the ar-
mies of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
COMMON SCHOOLS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. McCLURG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the support of common schools
in Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands..
AID TO MISSOURI RAILROAD COMPANIES.
Mr. McCLURG also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting aid to certain railroad
companies in Missouri; which was read a first
and sccond time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
MARY A. LYON.
Mr. KASSON. There is on the Speaker's
table a House bill granting an eight-dollar pen-
sion to a widow. It went to the Senate and was
there modified in form and language, but not in
substance; and I ask unanimous consent to take
it from the Speaker's table for action.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
390) for the relief of Mary A. Lyon, with Sen-
ate amendments thereto, was taken from the
Speaker's table for consideration.
The Senate amendment-was to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert a provision
directing the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension roll the name of Mary A. Lyon,
widow of Alfred M. Lyon, late a sutler in the
twenty-third regiment of Iowa volunteers, but
who volunteered as a private in company A of
that regiment, and while serving in that capacity
was mortally wounded at the battle of Black river,
Mississippi, on the 17th of May, 1863, and died on
the field; the pension to be at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, commencing on the 17th of May,
1863, and to continue during the widowhood of the
pensioner.
The amendment was concurred in.
MILITARY IMPRISONMENTS.
Mr. GANSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Military Committee be, and they are
heieby, directed to ascertain and leport to fins House as
sooit <ib possible the number of pen-on* now confined m the
Old Capitol and Carroll pi isons ; when such persons were
respectively auested and confined, and upon what charges
their an eats, were made; whether any of such persons are
officers of the Army, and have been confined without a
tnal beyond the time in that respect piescribed by law or
by tlie regulations in the military service; and whethei any
persons so in prison are confined without any written
charges made against them; and whether there are any
persons now in said prisons who have not had any trial; if
so, to report the names of such persons, the time when they
were arrested, and tlie alleged cause ot their arrest re-
spectively ; and that the said committee be, and they are
hereby, authorized to send for persons and papers.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 623) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and for
other purposes," approved March 25,1864; and ,
An act (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of Jacob ;
Weber. *
COMMUNICATION WITH THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution to facilitate commu-
nication with the Territories of New Mexico,
Arizona, and Colorado; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Territories. ,
FORTIFICATION RILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriation s
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense,
for the year ending 30th June, 1866; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, made
a special order for Friday next and from day to
day until disposed of, and ordered to be printed.
ACTING ASSISTANT TREASURERS, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for acting Assistant
Treasurers or depositaries of the United States in
certain cases; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the bill may be
now put upon its passage.
No objection being made, the House proceeded
to the consideration of the bill, which provided
thatin case of the sickness or unavoidable absence
of any Assistant Treasurer or depositary of the
United States from his office, he may at his dis-
cretion authorize the chief clerk, or some other
clerk employed therein, to act in his place and
discharge the duties required by law of such As-
sistantTreasurerordepositary; provided theoffi-
cial bond given by the principal of the office shall
be held to cover and apply to the clerk appointed
by him to act in such cases; and provided further,
that such acting officer for the time being shall be
subject to all the liabilities and penalties prescribed
by law for official misconduct of the Assistant
Treasurer or depositary for whom he shall act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read tlie third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALARIES OF COAST SURVEY CLERKS.
Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
ResoHed, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salaries of the clerks and employes of the United States
Coast Survey Office m the eiry of Washington, so as to
place said clerks and employes upon an equal footing with
clerks of the same rank m the Tieasury Department proper.
SORGHUM SYRUP, ETC.
Mr. EDGERTON, by unanimousconsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the Commissioner of Internal Revenue has de-
cided that under the internal revenue act, approved June
30, 1864, the manufactured products m syrup, molasses, or
sugar, of sorghum oi imphee are subject to a duty of five
per cent, ad valorem, and it admits- of question whether
sucli construction of said act is in accoiclanee with tlie in-
tent ot Congress: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiucted to mquiie into the expediency of so amending
&aid act as that the same shall exempt from duty the said
products of sorghum or imphee, and that said committee
report by bill or otherwise.
COAL AND PETROLEUM OIL REFINERIES.
Mr. A. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the expediency of classifying coal
and petioieum oii refiners, so that those of small capacity
