1865.
THE CONGIIEPSION^L QWm.
108$
this is the proper place for it. I do not wish to
say anything; merely to offer the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; I will yield a
moment for that purpose.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I move to add the fol-
lowing to the section:
^Svery person furnishing a substitute shall be answerable
for Ins conduct; if the substitute deserts, the principal
shall be shot; if the substitute runs away in battle, the
piincipal shall he imprisoned at hard labor during the war,
at the Dry Tortugafc; if the substitute robs a hen-roost,
the principal shall carry a rail ou lus shoulder for two hours.
Mr. STEVENS. I have to say in regard to
that amendment, that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wadsworth] has made a very cred-
itable attempt to carry out the line of my argu-
ment.
The substitute which I have offered in place of
this section I suppose is what the present law was
meant to be. But the Department does not so con-
strue the law. Last week I received a letter from
n highly respectable person in my district, in
which he stated that some months ago he fur-
nished a substitute for three years, who was ex-
amined, accepted, and mustered in the service.
About a month ago it was found that the substi-
tute was subjest to epileptic fits, and the principal
was called upon to furnish another man in his
place, although the Government after due exam-
ination had accepted the man he first offered. I
therefore think the proposition I have submitted
is absolutely necessary; although I should not
have thought so if I had not heard of the decision
made upon this subject. However, I do not wish
to take up the time of the House upon this sub-
ject, and therefore will say no more upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Before the
vote is taken upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth,] 1 desire
to offer an amendment to the substitute proposed
by my colleague, [Mr. Stevens.] 1 move to add
to his substitute the following:
And in all cases where heretofore persons drawn under
supplementary drafts to fill quotas shall have furnished
their principals, and both are held in actual service, those
drawn as supplemental shall be discharged from such ser-
vice.
The supposable cases which have been stated
to the House as cases which would probably arise
under the law under consideration, have created
some merriment because of their ridiculous char-
acter. The gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Comnjittee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Sciienck,] remarked that from his stand-point he
did not see the law in the light in which some
gentlemen f!eem to see it. I nave no doubt that
such is the fact. Under the administration of the
law as it now exists, so much is left to the dis-
cretion of the district provost marshals, as well
as to the Provost Marshal General, that the oper-
ation of the law is felt to be very materially dif-
ferent in different sections of the country.
My amendment proposes simply that where a
man has been drawn in a sub-district as supple-
mental to fill the place of one who wasdrawn before
but did not report, and both are now in the service,
the man who was drawn as supplemental shall
be discharged. I would laugh at the idea of of-
fering such an amendment as this, if I did not
know that it was necessary. I know of two cases
in my district where a supplemental draft was
had to fill the place of one who had been drafted
before but did not report. When the party heard
that his name was draWn at this supplemental
draft he started off and on his own responsibility
caught the delinquent and took him to the office
of the provost marshal. The provost marshal
ordered the uniform to be putupon both of them,
and they are both to-day m service at the front.
I know of two cases like that which occurred in
iny own district. They hare applied for redress;
I do not know what course their applications have
taken; probably pitched away one side in the De-
barment,and in the multiplicity of business press-
ing upon the officers in that Department they have
not been able to get a hearing.
Now this does seem to be most monstrous in-
justice. In the first place, it is unjust, simply be-
cause a party is delinquent, that a draft be made
upon a district and the neighbor taken while the
delinquent is allowed to go. But it is still worse
where the party drafted at the supplemental diaft
comes forward, catches the man whose place he
was drawn to fill, and takes him to the office of
the provost marshal, who seizes both and puts
them both in the service. It is, however, in harr
mony with the spirit of this section; and there-
fore my amendment, ridiculous as it may seem
upon its face, becomes absolutely necessary and
is germane.
1 will not undertake to discuss the proposition
of the section under consideration. It seems to
me that the judgment of the House is against it.
It is hard to tell, however, what this House is
going to do. I have been surprised at some of
its votes, as 1 would be surprised if it should fail
to strike out this section. 1 have, therefore, fe(t
it my duty to offer this amendment now, so as to
perfect the bill as fiftr as possible in the event that
the section shall not be stricken out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania em-
braces substantially a section which was pro-
posed at the last session of Congress.and wliicjh
was voted down, to the effect that the principal
should be exempted from all further draft or call
during the time for which his substitute was ac-
cepted. The law at present is, as I understand
it, that the principal shall be exempted from the
impending draft.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is my recollec-
tion. At any rate, as the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania emasculates
this entire section, changes its whole character,
I am opposed to the amendment for the reason
that I am in favor of the section.
Mr. STEVENS. The provision of the present
law is this:
" If such substitute is not liable to draft, the person fur-
nishing lnm shall be exempt from draft during tlie time for
whicji such substitute is not liable to draft, not exceeding
the term for which lie was drafted."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It appears, then, that
I was a little mistaken as to the provisions of the
present law. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
was equally mistaken in saying that the law now
corresponds with his amendment.
As 1 was remarking, Mr. Speaker, I am in
favor of this section. The principle embraced
in it is one to the consideration of which I have
given a good tleal of attention. There is not a
soldier to whom I have shown this section, or to
whom I have explained it, who has not said that
it is right. Nor have I conversed with any loyal,
patriotic citizen, since this subject has been un-
der consideration, who has notalso said that this
section is right—that the principal ought to be
responsible for the substitute in case the latter
deserts.
My friend from Pennsylvania says that we
might with equal propriety require that the prin-
cipal should be shot in case the substitute deserts,
orgthat if the substitute steals the principal
should be punished for the larceny. Now, sir,
no burlesquing, no satire, of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, (and I acknowledge that his satire
is very keen,) can convince me, or the country,
or the Army, that it is best to go on as we have
been doing—putting bounty jumpers into the
Army as substitutes, to desert from time to time,
leaving their regiments as small as when they
went in. WJiy, sir, if a man employs a substi-
tute to steal, and that substitute does steal, the
principal ought to be punished. If he employs
a substitute to serve the Government in his stead
for three years, and the substitute serves but six
months, the principal ought to be required to
serve in person or by substitute for the remain-
der of the term.
This section will operate prospectively; it will
notoperateretrospectively, ifitshouldbeadopted
every man who may furnish a substitute hereafter
will do so with his eye3 open, knowing what the
law is. The law will become a part of the contract
underwhich he puts his substitute into the Army.
The principal owes, we will say, three years'
service to the Government. That is a debt; it is
an obligation resting upon him which he ought to
discharge, and discharge faithfully and honestly.
The Government says to him, " If it is not con-
venient for you to go, you may send in your place
a man who is not liable to the draft."- lie putsa
man into the service for three years as his agent,
as his substitute, and before he gets to the Army
that substitute jumps from the cars and deserts.
Now, I ask any fair man whether it not proper
and just to require that the principal shall serve
out the time for which he put in that substitute ?
I Bia in favor of this clause for another reason
—not only because it will fill our armies with
good soldiers, but I am in favor of it because it
will put an end to bounty jumping and to the
vocation of the substitute brokers, who hiave
been a curse to the Army. Adopt this and their
vocation is gone. You will have no more sub-
stitute brokers. You will have no more men run-
ning over to Canada and to the enemy—men who
came as substitutes originally from Canada. 1
recollect the case of a gallant regiment—as fine a
regiment as 1 ever saw put into the service, stal-
wart, patriotic men—that was reduced by battle
and exposure in the field, and some three or four
hundred substitutes were put into it in order to
fill itup,andin thecourseof afew weeks they dis-
graced the regiment, some running off to the ene-
my. Some of tlve substitutes actually were men
who had left the seceding States, gone to Canada,
come over the lines, and been hired as substi-
tutes: and when they were put into the Army
they went over to the enemy with their green-
backs in their pockets.
Adopt this section and you put an end to this
at once. A man puts his substitute into the Army
knowing what the law is. He knows if his sub-
stitute is not agood man, and if he has not engaged
to serve in good faith, that in case of his desertion
he will have to take his place or furnish another
substitute.
I have never heard a loyal citizen who com-
plained of this; and you will not find a faithful
soldier in the Army who will not tell you that this
isproperand just. Substitute brokers and substi-
tutes have been the curse of theAimy. Regi-
ments have been filled up by these men, and they
fondly hoped they would continue to win laurels
as they had done before, but instead they found
themselves reduced to a low standard by deser-
tions.
Mr. SCHENCIC. My colleague on the Mil-
itary Committee has opposed the amendment, and
I propose to oppose the amendment to the amend-
ment. I want to have read, as a portion of my
speech, some extracts for the information of the
House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Drafted Soldiers, Quotas, Frauds, and Deser-
tions.—Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, nowm com-
mand of the draft rendezvous at Hart island, New York
harbor, has addressed a letter to the Adjutant General of
the United States on the subject of the frauds committed
upon the Government, the Army, and the country, by the
enlistment of persons totally unfit for service—the enlist-
ment of deserters and criminals, and by desertions, which
evils have so increased in magnitude as to demand the se-
rious attention of those who are vested with the power,
and whose duty it is to preserve the armies from depletion
and disgrace, and the people from utter demoralization.
General Hinks says: ^.
ue Whole communities are exerting themselves, and con-
tending with others to their utmost capacity, and lavishing^
their wealth in unstinted measure, to secure the filling of
quotas with men whom they can obtain by any means of
bargain, deception, or fraud, with which to liquidate upon
paper their old obligations to the Government, regardless
alike as to whether the men so obtained are tit for soldiers,
or whether they contribute to the increase of our armies
or those of the enemy, so long as the quota of the district
is filled and themselves exempted from the draft.
"'The people being but too willing to evade the service
due from themselves to the country, at any coat of money
or sacrifice of principle, and ever ready to avail themselves
of delects in the laws to satisfy their own moral obligations
to contribute to the increase of the Army and the actual
support of the Government, have delegated the duties of
filling quotas and obtaining substitutes to brokers and oth-
ers, usually the vilest men of the community, who are gov-
erned by no principle, and frequently collude with the re-
cruit himself to perpetrate the intended fraud, to prevent
the consummation of which the community at large inter-
pose no objection, because it would render the Idling of
quotas more difficult, and hence the result.
"' Felony is compounded and crime pardoned by magis-
trates, that criminals may be sent into the Army to stain
its fair name, imperii its success, and dishonor it> faithful
soldiers, or desert Its banners to join the enemy, enlist again
in some other locality, consummating a double fiaud—all
to fill the quotas.
" ' Drunkards, useless for any purposes of life, are sub-
orned to defraud the Government and country, by enlisting
as soldiers—to fill the quotas.
Rebel spies, refugees, and fugitives from justice are as-
sisted to enlist in our armies, from which they pa=s with
well-filled pockets directly into the confederacy— but it fills
the quotas.
" ' Imbeciles and lunatics are cajoled to enlist, and de-
frauded of their bounty by designing knaves, but no one
appears to object—foi it fills the quotas.
"' Men are cooped up, drugged, or stupefied with intox-
icating liquors, and coerced to enlir-t under assumed names,
which oftentimes they themselves are unable to remember,
aijd no one detects the fraud until they become sobered at
tile general rendezvous, because every one is entirely en-
grossed—in filling the quotas.
"< Soldiers from our own armies are assisted, if not pet-
