1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
puaded, to desert, ami are concealed until they can be con-
ducted to some remote locality to enlist again, by the ex-
tensive combination ot minions and brokers whose con-
nections jamity the whole counuy 10 such an extent that
a regular system is created of depleting our armies—to fill
the quotas.
" ' Boys, whose immaturity, and old men whose senility
unfit them for all the duties of a soldier; cripples and in-
valid.-', unable to peiform the slightest degree of manual
labor, are openly persuaded or deceived into enlisting, by
representing to them that they can be credited to a sub-dis-
trict-, get the local bounty, and will be rejected when they
arrive at the general rendezvous; and in many cases the
town or county agent, broker, runner, and recruit combine
in the employment of every artifice to conceal the defects
and incapacity of the recruit before enlistment; and after
the credit has been obtained, and the bounty divided, assist
hi in to magnify lus disabilities and wrongs, that he may be
discharged, and they permuted to use huu agaiu—to fill the
quotas.'
<k General Ilinks says his experience in the general
rendezvous and the field has convinced him that fully
three fourths of all the enormous contributions of States,
counties, and towns tor local bounties, &c., goes directly
into the hands of the agent, brokei, raiddle-man, lunner,
or deserter, and not more than one-fourth is ever received
by soldiers who render bona fide service in the armies of
the nation ; and from piactical tests m the localities where
tie has hart experience, it is evident that scarcely more
than fifty percent, ofthe number of recruits credited to dis-
tricts become effective soldiers 111 the Army. He adds that
the suspicion and proper restraint pat on reefuits of the
common claf=s, and the humiliation and confinement of
necessity imposed upon all who enter the service, because
of the difficulty of distinguishing the honest soldier from
the dishonest, and the gathering of criminals and drunk-
ards into the >artk«, ha^ already wrought its deleterious re-
sults upon our service by preventing our young men of
pride, ambition and character, of winch the Army has been
and always ought to be composed, from enteung us ranks
in company with disreputable characters, and voluntarily
subjecting themselves to the humiliating process and mor-
tifying restraints now required.
" General llinks pioposes the following remedial s}stem :
4<To remedy this enormous and increasing evil, no sever-
ity of punishment of delinquents, no ngor of adtninistia-
uon of the laws, 110 strictness of enforcement of rules by
enlisting, mustering, and forwarding officers, is adequate.
The evil N of too'gi eat a magnitude to be pi uned ; it lies
in the sy.-tem, which can only be improved by the adoption
of such measures as shall secure the interest, the pecuniary
and personal interest, of the people 111 obtaining rccruits
for the Army, rather than to fili quotas merely.
" Whenever a recruit is dischaigedYor disability existing
before enlistment, or shall deseii tlie service, or shall prove
to be a deserter from the service, the term of service yet
due fiom such recruit should be added to the amount of
service due from tne district to which he was credited, and
to be filled up by draft, and if such recruit be a substitute,
his principal should be held for the term of service yet due
from <uch discharged or deserted recruit.
" If this rule could be adopted the whole system of bro-
kerage and fraud would be at once broken up. The drafted
man would make certain of the character and honesty of
his substitute before he enlisted him, and hence would do
his business himself, and seeurtf some worthy person whom
he knew, rather than purchase a sfrancer ot «ome knave,
without seeinghim and wuhontknovving or carina whether
he was fit for a soldier or not, as at present. Town and
country authorities wu'd labor to induce their own trust-
worthy citizens to enlist and receive their munificent
btjtfjuties, rather than flock, a< they do at present, to the
metropolis to purchase a sufficient number of worthless
men to fill the quota?, from the brokers and runners whose
facilities for inducing men to desert, obtaining deserters,
criminals, and lebels are the greatest.
e: By tlie adoption of this rule every person in the com-
munity would become directly or indirectly interested in
detecting deserters and bringing them to justice. Crimin-
als would no longer be in demand for iecruit-1, and the
young men of the land would no longer feel it a personal
degiadation to entei the lanks of the Army, whose morale
and ehatacter would be restored and improved, and a
stronger and berter reinforcement of our victorious armies
in the field would soon be obtained from the best blood of
tne land.35
Mr. ODELL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the
whole section be stricken out. 1 was much
surprised at the statement made by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] that he luid
never met with one loyal, patriotic man who op-
posed this section, i profess to be a loyal, pa-
triotic man, and the gentleman from Illinois as
weli as the chairman of the Military Committee
knows that i was opposed to this section in that
committee as I now am in the House. So also
were some of my colleagues on the committee
opposed to it, and I believe a large majority of the
members of this House on both sides are as much
opposed to it as I am. Now, the law of the land
authorizes a party drafted to put a substitute in
his place. He has the privilege of doing that
under the law. He takes his choice; but the ob-
ject of this section is to throw upon him notonly
the responsibility of putting in a substitute, but
of following him along for three years; and, if
during that time he deserts, the responsibility is
thrown back upon the principal, who is to serve
the Government during the remainder of the time.
It is a matter of simple justice, and existing law
guaranties exemption to a man who puts in a
substitute; and this proposed provision is a mat-
ter of injustice to the man who shall put a sub-
stitute in his stead. Every member of the House
knows that when a man is drafted and he fur-
nishes a substitute the Government takes posses- ;
sion of the substitute, who has to be examined
under the provisions of existing laws. If he passes,
and is accepted, he takes all the responsibility of
the drafted man. If he passes the examination
ofthe surgeon and proper officers, he is put into
the Army, and the person furnishing suc^ sub-
stitute has henceforth no control over him what-
ever. He is placed in the ranks, when all respon-
sibility ends, as it should, on the part of the man
furnisningasubstitutein accordance with the laws
upon this subject.
It is well known to every man upon this floor
that many men have paid their last dollar to put
in a substitute in their place, and many have even
had to obtain assistance from thei,r friends to aid
them in doing so. And now,Mr. Speaker, shall
these men have the burden thrown upon them
during the whole period of the enlistment of the
soldier, causing anxiety and apprehension to the
men and their families ? that would be intolerable.
And through the fault alone of the Government,
in the employment of incompetent or dishonest
agents, perhaps the substitutes have deserted, such
desertion have taken place. I do not believe that
the sense of justice of the members upon this floor
will for a moment entertain such a proposition as
is now before the House. The section is all
wrong and should not pass.
I think perhaps all has been said upon both
sides of this question that is necessary; and I
believe the House is entirely ready for a vote on
the question, and I have no doubt what the result
of the vote will be.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate on
this section and all amendments thereto be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their Cierks, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of tjie committee
of conference upon the bill of the House No. 640,
providing for a district and circuit court of the
United States for the district of Nevada, and for
other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
mentof the House to the bill (S. No, 347) forthe
relief of Rebecca S. Harrison.
ENROLLED BILLS. *
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled, bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 728) to pay to each of the
surviving soldiers ofthe Revolution, five in num-
ber, whose names are on the pension rolls, $300
annually, as a gratuity, in addition to the pension
now paid them; and
An act (H. R. No. 160) for the relief of Chapin
Hall.
ENROLLMENT BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Will not the vote be first
taken on the mot.on to strike out after disposing
of the amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. There have been different
decisions upon the point, but the Chair will hold
that the motion to strike out takes precedence of
amotion to strike out and insert, for the reason
that it does not preclude the motion to strike out
and insert.
■ Mr. WADSWORTH. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. NOBLE. Before the vote is taken on the
motion to strike out I desire to perfect the sec-
tion. I move to amend by striking out of line
thirty-two the words "and remaining therein un-
til the expiration of his time. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by adding
to the section the words 41 during the time such
substitute shall remain in the service."
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers v/ere ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Stiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ODELL, is it competent for me to with-
draw my motion to strike out and allow the ques-
tion to be taken upon the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ODELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. PRICE. I renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeasandnays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105,nays34, not voting 43;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ames, Aneona, Baily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, James S. Brown,
Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cotfroth, Cox, ('ravens,
Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Etk-
ley, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Eliot. English, Finck,Gan-
son,Gooch,Grider, Gri&wold, Hale, Hall, Harding, Benja-
min G. Hairis, Charles M. Harris, Hernck, Ilolman, Hoop-
er, Asabel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hut--
chins, In^ersoll, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kel-
Iey, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Loan, Long,
Marcy, McAllister, McKmney, Samuel F. Miller, William
H. Miller, James It. Moiris, Morrison, Amo-i Myers,Leon-
ard Myers,Nelson,Noble, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Price, Pruyn, Bad
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William [I. Randall, Alexandei
H. Rice, Ross, Scofield, Scott, Smithers, John B. Steele,
Starr, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, 'Thayer, Thomas,
Townsend, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Wad&woith, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Winfield, Fernando Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Yeaman—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ashley,Baxter, Broomall, Am-
brose W.Chuk, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis. Doming, Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield, Grinnell,
Higby, Kasson, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Long-
year,"Marvin, McClurg, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Patterson, Perham, Poineroy, John H. ltioe, Edward H.
Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Ehhu B. Washburne, and
Worthington—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William .T. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Bliss. Blow, BoutwpJI,
Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks. William G. Brown, Creswell,
Dawes, Harrington, flotchki&s, William Johnson, Julian,
Francis W Kellogg, Le Blond,Mallory, MeBride. McDow-
ell, McIndoe,Middleton, Orth, Robinson. Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, William G. Steele, Sweat,
Upson, Vooiheeo, Wurd, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Windom, and Benjamin Wood—43.
So the section was stricken out.
Mr. ODELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the section was struck out; and also moved
to lay the motion to/reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. HIGBY, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R.No. 640) providing for a district
and a circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Nevada, and for other purposes, reported
that the committee had agreed to recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from its disa-
greement to the amendment of the Senate striking out sec-
tions five and nine of the bill;
That the Senate recede from its amendment to section
five of the bill; and, in lieu thereof, adopt sections six,
seven, and eight, of the bill;
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate in section six, with an amend-
ment, as follows: Add, at the end ofthe section, the words
" Provided, That said appeals shall be prosecuted and said
writs of error sued out at anytime before the 1st of'Jan-
uary, 1866," and that the Senate concur in that amend-
ment;
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate to section seven^ with an amend-
ment, as follows : After the words " possessory action,'5 m
the second line, in^eit the words "between individuals,"
and that the Senate concui in that amendment.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the conference report was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT BILt—-AGAIN.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the next section of the bili, as follows:
Sec. 0. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sixteenth sec-
tion of the "Act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purpose*," approved March 3,1863,
is hereby so amended as to allow to thu provo>t marshals
appointed under the provisions ot' that aet the same com-
mutation for fuel and quaitersas fallowed to other officers
ranking as captains of cavalry; but the provost marshal,
surgeon, and commissioner constituting the enrolling board,
shall not, in any case, be allowed mileage, but only trans-
portation in kind, or the actual co?t of their traveling on
duty from tlu'ir jespective place? of residence to the district
headquarter, and returning therefiom,orto and nomsuch
other points as they may be by law required to attend at
officially within the limits of the district. There shall also
be paid b> the oulcr of the Secretary of War,_ou proper
voueheis, all actual, necessary,and reasonable t
office rent, postage, stationery, and clerk hire.
