818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
not the southern district of California, where the
parties are less compensated than in Oregon.
Mr. WILSON. I oppose the amendment, and
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The substitute of the committee was adopted;
and then the bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the mil was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY IMPRISONMENTS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House this morning adopted the
resolution submitted by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ganson] in reference to military im-
prisonments. I do it because there was a mis-
understanding of its character. I thought that it
was a resolution of inquiry, and I now find that
it is absolute and directory.
Mr. GANSON. The resolution directs them
to investigate and inquire.
The resolution was read.
Mr. STEVENS. If my motion be agreed to I
■will move to amend by instructing the committee
to inquire into the expediency, &,c.
Mr. (SANSON. 1 would like the gentleman to
state why he wants to do that. If there is any
information obtained by this committee which
ought not to be disclosed, under the rules we can
go into secret session. I do not think any harm
can result.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like secret sessions.
Mr. GANSON. I know the case of one of
my constituents, a captain, who has been con-
fined in prison since the 27th of October last with-
out charges being preferred against him, and after
he had served three years ana a half in the Army.
I called upon him on Saturday and was permitted
to inquire into his case in the presence of a turn-
key, who insisted upon sitting between him and
myself and listening to our conversation. I felt
it to be a personal indignity, and I am determined
that the position of this prisoner shall be inves-
tigated it there is any power in this House to
have it done.
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry that the gentle-
man should have felt a personal indignity, but
there is this compensation, that the turnkey,
doubtless, felt very much honored, but I think
that if it is proper to inquire into this matter the
Committeeon Military Affairs will inquire into it.
Mr. GANSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I submitted this resolu-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and that it meets with his approval.
Mr. STEVENS. Then there is no objection
to the committee inquiring into the expediency.
Mr. GANSON. I am satisfied as to the expe-
diency, and I presume the House is.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps the House may be,
but I am not quite satisfied.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask that the res-
olution be again read.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, 1
do not see why that resolution should not stand.
I suppose it is the right of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and more than its right, its duty, to
see that the liberty of the citizen is not unlaw-
fully violated. If persons have been confined in
these prisons beyond the period allowed by law,
we are entitled to know it that wo may apply a
remedy. If persons are there confined, under the
discretionary order of the President, which dis-
cretion we have conferred upon him by the law
suspending the writ of habeas corpus, that is an
adequato and conclusive reply to any investiga-
tion . If any officer of tthe Army has been ar-
rested, not under the discretionary power con-
ferred upon the President,but in the administration
of the ordinary laws for the government of the
Army, there is a law that entitles him to trial or
to his discharge -at the expiration of a certain
period of time if he be not tried; and I understand
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ganson] to
have said that within his knowledge there is one
case of that kind.
Mr. GANSON. I know of two such cases.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The honorable
gentleman states that he knows of two such cases.
My impression is that it is likely there are other
cases of this kind; and one such case justifies and
requires the adoption of the resolution.
There is another ground upon which, in my
judgment, it ought to stand. The law suspend-
ing the writ of habeas corpus in some respects, in
my judgment, too much limited the discretion
which ought to have been confided to the Presi-
dent when that writ was suspended; yet, being
the law of the land, it must be obeyed, and I think
■—I had almost said with my knowledge—it has
not been obeyed.
The reason for the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus was not to enable the Preside^ to
arrest persons guilty of any crime known to the
law and punishable by law, for which adequate
evidence existed to carry the case before the courts
of the United States, but it was because in times
of revolution and public danger there are persons
of dangerous influence engaged in plots and pre-
paring insurrections, centers of secret information
and communication with the enemy, known but
not proved, or so imperfectly developed as not to
be, perhaps, the subject of criminal process, yet so
dangerous and so pressing as to require swifter
and freer measures of prevention than judicial
forms afford—discretionary executive power, pre-
cautionary, not punitive; executive, and not judi-
cial—and it is this power which the act suspending
the habeas corpus has confided to the President.
When the safety of the Republic requires it, the
right of the citizen to judicial guarantees must be
subordinate to the public safety. This is a case
of adverse dangers, where a choice of evils alone
is possible; and this discretion can be nowhere so
safely vested as in the President. But thisgreat
discretionary power over the liberty of the citizen
is not a substitute for the administration of the
criminal law. It is a grave abuse to use it for any
such purpose. It is political in its character,
merely precautionary, to avert dangers, not to
punish crimes; it looks to the future, not to the
past; it is in war and on grave political dangers
what security to keep the peace is in the daily ad-
ministration of justice.
. When the writ ol'habeas corpus is suspended, it
is suspended in order to deal with cases that can-
not, in the nature of things, be dealt with before
the ordinary courts of justice; for they deal \vith
acts and the past, while this prevents the accom-
plishment of purposes and looks to the future.
The law which was passed, while it suspended
the writ of habeas corpus, suspended it under lim-
itations which, very possibly, may, nay must,
in many cases where the exercise of the discretion
is proper, defeat its end by discharging the pris-
oner before-the danger is past. Bat being a law,
it must be obeyed. If it take away or limit a dis-
cretion necessary to be vested in the President for
the purposes of that act, I am ready here to-day
to modify that law. But while it is the law let
it be obeyed.
That law requires that any person who has
been arrested under the order of the President or
of any military officer—events tlmfc must, in the
course of such a war as this, occur, and legiti-
mately occur, every day—may be held for a cer-
tain time in confinement, liutwhen persons are
arrested in a State where the courts of the United
States are open—where there is agovernmont rec-
ognized by the Government of the United States,
and there is no rebellion disturbing the ordinary
administration of the law—the act provides that
the names of all persons arrested shall be reported
to the judges of the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and after a grand jury shall
have once met and adjourned without finding an
indictment against them, they shall be discharged,
unless they are prisoners of war, or refuse the
oath of allegiance, or fail to give security if re-
quired by the court.
Now, it will be readily seen that that will apply
a remedy in the case of a very great number of
arrests—justifiable, it may be, at the time when
they are made, but not justifiable in their pro-
longed imprisonment. It is equally certain ihat
there may be cases in which obedience to that
law may seriously impair the authority conferred
upon the President for great public purposes. For
there may be persons, as in the case of Mr. Val-
landigham—I refer to his case simply for the
sake of illustration, and without meaning to ex-
press any opinion upon his guilt or innocence in
anyway—there may be peisons of great influence,
supposed to entertain sinister designs, plotting
and conspiring against the Government, yet not
within the range of an indictment, not subject to
trial before a court, yet the control of whose per-
sons may be vital to the safety of the people. A
person of that sort would, under the existing law, i
if it be obeyed, (and while it is the law it should
be obeyed, and this House ought to compel obe-
dience to it,) be discharged after the first meeting
of a grand jury, should tbiat grand jury fail to in-
dict him; and it could not indict him for an intent
without an act, and an act defined to be a crime
and proved by legal testimony.
Now, I am ready to-day to vote to enlarge the
liberty which is conferred upon the President in
the manner described by me; but I shall vote with
the gentleman from New York to stop the abuse
of continued, perpetual, and reiterated disobe-
dience to that law, while it is the law upon the
statute-book, disobedience not excused by any
public necessity, not in cases when the purpose
of the act are defined by its provisions. Sir,
there are not a few persons in illegal confinement
in Maryland, and in many of the northern States,
some on no specified charges, some on illegal con-
victions by military commissions, some illegally
held for trial before illegal military commissions,
not liable to their jurisdiction, for offenses punish-
able by the laws of the United States upon in-
dictment before the courts of the United States,
and not cognizable by military commissions;and
many for acts not criminal under any law of the
United States; yet I know of no such list as the
law requires ever being furnished to the judge,
nor of any one discharged on his order, though
more than one grand jury has metand adjourned.
1 say let this committee go and examine the facts
and spread them before the American people;
and then let them sny,when they know the facts,
whether there exists any law upon the statute-
book of the United States that authorizes the con-
finement of any American citizen not in the mili-
tary service, in a loyal State, upon the judgment
of a military commission, at the pleasure of sub-
ordinate officers of the Government, or even by
the order of the President, contrary to the law
conferring and limiting the discretion.
For these purposes, sir, I shall vote against re-
considering the resolution, with great pleasure.
Mr. COX. I would like, Mr. Speaker, to have
read for the information of the House the first
and second sections of the law to which the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has just re-
ferred; I mean the law which regulates the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, which lays
down expressly the effect of such suspension,
and directs that the Secretary of Stale and the
Secretary of War shall report to the judges of the
circuit and district courts of the United States the
names of prisoners. I should like also to enlarge
the scope of this resolution so as to inquire why it
is that that law has not been obeyed,and whether
there has been any attempt made to carry out the
law, Ijy the indictment of the persons whose duty
it is under that law to report the names of those
who are in prison. I would like to know whether
the district attorneys of the United States have
done their duty; whether such lists have ever been
furnished, or whether the law made by the Ameri-
can Congress is a dead letter; whether the ex-
ecutive department, even the legal portion of the
executive department, can set aside our laws
when they please for their own purposes.
I do not make these remarks without having
cases in my eye—not alone the distinguished case
referred to by the gentleman from Maryland, the
case of Mr. Vallandigham. There are other cases;
eases in which the Secretary of the Treasury,
under some peculiar "higher law" unknown to
our statutes, has, for purposes connected with the
revenue, or to protect the issue of greenbacks or
shinplasters against counterfeiting, caused per-
sons to be arrested by the military power. And
there are now men in the Capitol prison, almost
within the sound of the voice of at least some of
the members of this House, who are kept there
month after month on the mere order of the So-
licitor of the Treasury on the charge of forgery.
Applications have been made by their friends
again and again to have their persons removed to
the proper jurisdictions in the States and districts
