THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
There may be very many abuses connected with
the prosecution of a warof this magnitude which
have never been brought to the attention either of
a Department or of the President. I think that
there is nothing assumed on the face of the reso-
lution excepting what is involved in the distinct
statement, of the gentleman who moves it, that
there arte at least two cases which, whatever may
be the excuse or the reason standing behind them,
are, as they appear to him, in violation of law.
If nothing but that appears, thatmore than justi-
fies the resolution.
But I do not wish to stop them. I do not de-
sire to be understood as saying that the law is
violated under one Department of the Government
more than under another. Nor must it be as-
sumed that arrests are made only under the order
of the President, or of the heads of Departments.
Wherever the fault may lie, they are made by
every lieutenant and every provost marshal, from
one end of the country to the other, atdiscretion,
and almost without complaint. 1 speak now di-
rectly of what I know to be the case in Mary-
land, These arrests are sometimes justifiable,
and sometimes unjustifiable; sometimes made by
a person calling himself a provost marshal, not
known to the laws of the United States, acting
absolutely without knowledge on the part of the
Secretary of War that he held authority from him
or from anybody else. And such is getting to be
the habit of everybody m the country to act at
the bidding of any provost marshal or military
officer that the very independence of the Ameri-
can character is being broken down under the un-
checked license of military arrests. The law, sir,
is not so deficient; but the people have been ed-
ucated within the last three years in the belief
that the existence of a state of war justifies any-
thing and everything in the shape of discretionary
and arbitrary authority on the part of military
officers, high and low, until the very laws of the
land intended for the protection of the citizen are
not invoked by the people, because they fear that
to invoke them will ollend the military power and
bring its irresponsible vengeance on their heads.
When I say that, I say it on my personal knowl-
edge.
Gentlemen have appealed to me to redress, in
the un-American mode of soliciting favor, some of
the grievances suffered in Maryland by persons
who are loyal citizens. I have pointed them to
the law on the subject, and asked, " Why do you
not indict the wrong-doers ? The law for the sus-
pension of the habeas corpus is your adequate pro-
tection. Why do you not indict them?" "We
are afraid, "the reply has been, " to incur the dis-
pleasure of the military authorities." I wish it
to be understood that there is a power higher than
the military authority, whether that authority be
lodged in the hands of a lieutenant, or of a pro-
vost marshal, or of the President of the United
States, and that that power is here. I impeach
nobody; I cast reflections upon nobody; i speak
of things, not men; of grievances, not of the per-
sons responsible for them; but 1 say abuses are
committed by subordinates, if not by gentlemen
in superior authority, that require our interven-
tion, and 1 shall most cheerfully vote for this reso-
lution. 1 will notstop to inquire who may suffer
by the investigation. 1 think it will be found that
the evil exists as much under one as under an-
other Department. 1 know the Secretary of War
has endeavored to mitigate these abuses by com-
missions of responsible gentlemen to correct the
acts of irresponsible subordinates, and it may be
others have done the same. But oppressions are
inseparable from all illegal arrest or imprison-
ment; and it is our duty not so much to inquire
into the intentions of acts as their legality, and to
remedy every illegal detention.
Mr.' GARFIELD addressed the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Unless the
gentleman from New York withdraws the motion
to lay on the table, 1 object to further debate.
Mr. GANSON. I withdraw it, with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] will renew it when he shall have con-
cluded his remarks.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I will detain
the Houso for a moment only. The resolution
which passed the House yesterday I will say is
now being executed by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. 1 have this moment arrived in the
Hail, after a'visit of two hours to one of the pris-
ons in this city in obedience to that resolution; I
am not now at liberty to disclose the action of that
committee, for the investigation is still pending.
But I earnestly hope that the House will not re-
consider the vote by which that resolution was
adopted, and thus put a stop to the investigation.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution which my
motion to reconsider refers to was adopted this
morning, and not yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD. Th^ object of the two res-
olutions is the same.
Mr. STEVENS. I was not aware that any
resolution had been adopted previously looking to
the same object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand that the committee have commenced the
investigation under the resolution ?
Mr. GARFIELD. They have.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then that
is a good reason for not interfering with the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution under which
the committee is acting was adopted day before
yesterday.
Mr. GANSON. I offered my resolution day
before yesterday, and asked unanimous consent
for its introduction, but a gentleman from Illinois,
not now in his seat, objected. I renewed it to-
day, and the resolution was adopted; and it seems
that it was so proper that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs at once commenced the investigation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have not the resolution
before me under which the committee Is acting,
but if I recollect rightly it is quite similar to this;
almost in the same words.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. The resolution which was
passed this morning has been read. I ask that
it be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will permit
me, this, Mr. Speaker, is a resolution of the
largest inquiry, and was adopted on the allegation
of a member of this House that he knew, of his
own personal knowledge, that men were confined
in military prisons without process of law. 1
have no allegation to make against any Depart-
ment of the Government; I have within my per-
sonal knowledge no case; butif 1 had such knowl-
edge in reference to one of my constituents, and
rose upon this floor, and upon my responsibility
as a member stated that fact and asked for an in-
quiry and a report of the facts to this House, it
seems to me that I should be much astonished if
any member of the House should object for a
moment to such inquiry. I cannot understand
upon what ground objection to such an inquiry
can be made. It pains me very much that a mem-
ber of the House should so far have forgotten in
these times the rights of the citizen as to object
to an inquiry like this.
The SPEAKER. The following is the reso-
lution under which the Committee on Military
Affairs is acting:
Revolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and the s.une is, dimetc<l to mqune and report to tlie House
vvh.it legislation or action, il any, is necessary to secure
to persons arretted and imprisoned by military authority a
prompt examination into the cause of their arrest, and
their discharge if there be no adequate cause for their de-
tention, and a speedy trial where there is such cause.
Mr. GARFIELD. .The difference between the
two resolutions is that the one adopted this morn-
ing empowers the committee to send for persons
and papers, and the one just read does not so em-
power the committee. With that difference they
are nearly identical.
1 wish to make two observations. First of all
I agiee with what the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Dawes] has just said; and in illustration of
what I desire to say I call attention to a bill that
passed the House last session, but did not pass
the Senate, and which, in my judgment, is vitally
important as a means to preserve the independ-
ence of the officers of our armies. Early in the
war, it will be remembered, Congress for good
reasons gave to the President the power of sum-
mary dismissal when he believed the public ser-
vice would be subserved thereby. At that time
the Army was full of traitors, and it was neces-
sary thatbya more summary process than courts-
martial they should be driven out.
But it was thought by the House of Represent-
atives last winter that the danger had so far passed
that we might safely repeal the law. Important
as that law has been in some respects, and none
willdoubtits value and necessity at the time of its
enactment, I am satisfied that in other respects it
has had a very unfortunate influence. It has gone
very far toward weakening the manliness and
independence of officers in the Army. If, sir, I
am in the Army and know that my superior offi-
cer can make such representations as will cause
me to be dismissed without a hearing and with-
out a trial, how strong is the tendency of that
knowledge to make a timid, subservient tool!
The whole tendency of it is to take away the per-
sonal independence and manliness of the subordi-
nate officer, because he has no guard for his stand-
ing and position except the favor of his superior;
no right to demand, as the American officer al-
ways had in formertimes, thathe should be speed-
ily and fairly tried by a jury of his official peers.
For this reason we passed a bill last winter by
a very large majority, almost unanimously, I be-
lieve, to repeal the law giving this power to the
President. That bill is dying a lingering death at
the other end of the Capitol. I believe that that
bill oughtto become^law.
I desire in the second place to call attention to
the fact that it is now the law, and has been since
the foundation of our Government, that when an
officer of the Army is arrested for any supposed
crime or misdemeanor he shall be held in arrest—
it may be in close confinement and under guard,
according to the supposed enormity of the offense
—no longer than eight days without being fur-
nished with a copy of the charges against him.
The law also allows him a speedy trial.
Now, without trenching upon the business in
which the Committee on Military Affairs was en-
gaged this morning, I will say that one officer at
least has been in confinement for five months
within sight of this Capitol. Both he and his
keeper declare that he has not been furnished with
a copy of the charges against him. He says that
he has again and again demanded in vain to know
with what crime he is charged. He is a man
who bears upon his person honorable scars re-
ceived in the service of his country; he is a col-
onel; and the vengeance of some one fell upon
him like a bolt from the clear sky. He declares
thathe knows no reason for it, and can learn none.
An agent of the War Department, an officer un-
known to the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try, lays his hand upon a man, puts him in prison,
where he is kept until said agent or some power
above him is pleased to release him. There are
plenty of alleged cases where officers and citizens,
after being confined for a long period, have been
allowed to go out without a word of explanation
concerning either the arrest or the discharge.
I ask the House of Representatives whether
that kind of practice is to grow up under this Gov-
ernment, and no man is to raise his voice against
it or make any inquiry concerning it lest some one
should say he is factious, he is unfriendly to the
War Department, he is opposing the Administra-
tion? Gentlemen,if we are not men in our places
here, let us stop our ears to all complaints; let
everyDepartmentdoasitpleases,and with meek-
ness and in silence vote whatever appropriations
are asked for. 1 do not say, for I do not know,
that the head of any Departmentis responsible for
these things, or knows them. It may be that they
have been done by subordinates. It may be that
the heads of the Departments are not cognizanfrof
the facts. I make no accusation: but I do say
that it is our business to see that the laws be re-
spected, and that if a man has no powerful friend
in court he shall at least find the Congress of the
United States his friend. I hope the resolution
will not be reconsidered, and I renew the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mc. O'NEILL, of Ohio, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136,nays 5, not voting 39;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,'Arnold,
Ashley, Jlaily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Blair, Bliss, Bomwell, Boyd.
Brandegee, Biook-s, Brooni.ill, Janice 8. JJiown, William G.
Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cotfroth, Cole, Cox, Oia-
vens. Cresweli, Ueniy Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davi%
Dawes, Dawson, Deming, JJenison, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Fariia-
