1086
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
near the mouth of the Big Sioux river, via Yane-
ton, Dakota Territory, to a point at or near the
mouth of the Big Shcyenne river, thence up that
river to its main forks, thence up the north fork
to a point of intersection with the road from Nio-
brara; third, from a point on the western bound-
ary of Minnesota, to be determined by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to a point at or near the
mouth of the ETigSheyenne river; fourth, from
Virginia City, in Montana, upon the most prac-
ticable route, to Lewiston, in Idaho.
For these purposes it is proposed to appropri-
ate $140,000, $50,000 of which to be applied to
the construction of the road from Virginia City
to Lewiston; §50,000 to the construction of the
road from Niobrara and branch to Omaha; $20,000
to the construction of the road from the mouth of
the Big Sheyenneto its intersection with the Nio-
brara road; f 10,000 to the construction of a bridge
over the Big Sioux river, or so much of this sum
as may be necessary, and any balance remaining
to be applied to continuing and improving the
road from Sioux City, Iowa, to the Big Sheyenne,
Dakota Territory, and the remainder to be ap5
plied to the construction of the road from' the
western boundary of Minnesota to the Big Shey-
enne river; and any unexpended money now in
the Treasury, appropriated for the construction of
a road from Sioux City to Fort Randall, Dakota
Territory, is to be transferred from the War De-
partment to the Department of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading. It was
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the. concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 751) to provide for the set-
tlement of private land claims in the Territory of
Arizona, and for the survey thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 787) to incorporate the Har-
mony Cemetery Company (of colored persons)
in the District of Columbia;
A hill (H. R. "No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor;
A bill (H. R. No. 792) for the relief of Ilenry
Karstens; and
_A bill (H. R. No. 793) to authorize the Com-
missionerofPatents to extend the patent ofjosiah
Copeland, for a new and useful improvement in
boot-crimps.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution, and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (FI. R. No. 160) for the relief of Chapin
. Hall; v
A bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of Rebecca S.
Harrison;
_ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) for the re-
lief of James 13. Royee; and
A bill (H. R. No. 780) to pay each of the sur-
viving soldiers of the Revolution, five in number,
whose names are on the pension roll, §300 an-
nually, as a gratuity, in addition to the pension
now paid them.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 774) to establish certain
post roads, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
756) supplementary to the several acts relating to
pensions, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY,from theCommitteeon Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print two
thousand copies of the addresses made in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives on the death of
Hon. Thomas Holliday Hicks, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 764) to incorporate the Continental
Hotel Company, of the city of Washington, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 425) to revive for a certain time the provisions
of the act of 1848 relative to suspended entries of
public land, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan, and a petition of citizens of Michigan
in favor of agrant(of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a ship-canal from Portage Lake to Lake
Superior, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of the
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company praying
compensation for certain Army cook-wagons,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.No.
475) for the relief of the A moskeair Manufactur-
ing Company. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
NATAL JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 465.. It is a little bill of only one section,
creating a law officer in the Navy Department.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
465) to create the office of Solicitor and Naval
Judge Advocate General was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize the President to appoint, by aryl with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, an officer in the
Navy Department, to be called the Solicitor and
Naval Judge Advocate General, at an annual sal-
ary of $4,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate. ';
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been trying, this
whole session to get reports from the vaiious
heads of Departments stating how much motoey
has been paid for counsel and attorney fees by tjie
different Departments. We have had responses
to the resolution of inquiry from all the heads oI
Departments but the Attorney General, and those
reports have been ordered to be printed. We have
established as one Department of the Government
the office of Attorney Genera], and we have dis-
trict attorneys all over the United States paid by
the Government; and yet nearly every Depart-
ment of the Government is now having its sepa-
rate attorneys to attend to the business of the
particular Department. If this practice is to go
on, 1 think we had better abolish the Attorney
General's office. They have Solicitors and Assist-
ant Solicitors in the Treasury Department. My
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] at the
last Congress got through a bill for a Solicitor in
the War Department, and they have also in that
Department a Judge Advocate General, and I do
not know how many attorneys. Now the Naval
Committee come in and want an Attorney Gen-
eral's office for the Navy Department practically,
but [ believe they call him a judge Advocate Gen-
eral. I suppose his duties will be to attend to
courts-martial, and to prize cases, and to advise
the Secretary of the Navy generally, and I sup-
pose that instead of the Navy Department call-
ing on the Attorney General for the construction
of the laws which ought to be settled by him for
all the Departments of the Government, this coun-
sel of the Secretary of the Navy will lay down
the law for that Department, and the counsel of
the Secretary of War will lay it down for that
Department, and so on.
Really, I do not think there is any necessity for
the creation of such an office. So far as general
legal questions are concerned, they ought to be
referred to the Attorney General, and his decis-
ion should be binding upon all the Departments.
So far as courts-martials are concerned, let them
detail some officer toactas judge advocate, as has
been the practice heretofore, and will have to be
after this office is created, as my friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] suggests. I think we
have gone far enough in creating these different
law offices in the separate Departments of the
Government.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a matter in which I
have no greater interest than the Senator from
Illinois or any other member of this body. The
bill was sent to the Committee on Naval Affairs
by the Secretary of the Navy, with a letter ac-
companying it, which I send to the desk to be
read. 1 will state m this connection that it is
utterly impossible for the Attorney General to
attend to the legal business that i  required to
be attended to by the Navy Department. The
only result of the defeat of the bill will be that
the Navy Department will be obliged to employ
counsel occasionally instead of having a regular
counsel whose merits and qualifications we pass
upon when we confirm him as Solicitor.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Navy Department,
Washington, February 20, 1665.
Sir: Mnny,rmdsompof them vory Important, legal ques-
tions and suits, growing out ot the transactions of tin* De-
partment, are constantly arising. Some of them involve
large pecuniary amounts and frequently embrace great
variety of det;nh *The eases of court-martial are numer-
ous, and require scrutiny and careful preparation and re-
vision. The forms and execution of contracts undf.r the
provisions of lw demand deliberate and attentive c.ire and
consideration. Frauds and alm^es on the part of con-
tractors and employes call for investigation and prosecu-
tion, and the miscellaneous legal questions which ari&e are
innumerable, involving often a vast extent and variety uf
detail.
For these important duties the Department has no law
officer. I would, therefore, respectfully that the
interest of the Government would be greatly promoted were
Congress to create the office of" Solicitor and Naval Judge
Advocate General," to be attached to this Department. The
officer to fill this position should be selected by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
whose duty it shall be to attend to the matters herein in-
dicated, and to any special duties that may be a&signed to
htm by the Secietary of the Navy.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy,
Hon. J. W. Grimes,
Chairman Naval Committee United States Senate,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had no doubt that the
Secretary of the Navy was in favor of having an
Attorney General's office under liis control. It is
very convenient to have solicitors for each head
of a Department, to throw upon them the respon-
sibility >of construing the laws; and I suppose
each hnreau will want one by and by if this prac-
tice is to go on. Here it is proposed to create the
office of Solicitor for the Navy Department, at a
salary of $4,000. I think the creation of such an
office is entirely unnecessary, but I do not mean
to-take up the time of the Senate in discussing it.
I have called attention to it. I do not believe it
Is in harmony with the organization of our sys-
tem of Government to have an Attorney General's
office—for that is what it amounts to—in each
Department of the Government. If that is to be
done I think wc might as well abolish the Attor-
ney General's Department which we have.
I know that counsel are being employed all
over the United States by these different Depart-
ments. 1 tried at the last session of Congress to
secure the adoption, and I supposed Congress
had adopted, the suggestion and put a limit upon
the fees that were to be paid to district attorneys
of the United States. We pa^ed a law making
the maximum sum that any attorney should re-
ceive $6,000, but it seems that three days after-
ward we passed a law allowing them a percent-
age, as I am now informed by a letter in my
possession, received within a day or two from the
Secretary of the Interior. Ho states in the letter
that the amount of money appropriated in the
proper bill by the House of Representatives for
the judiciary fund is $500,000, and in this letter
he asks that $200,000 be added to that appropria-
tion, so as to make it $700,000; and why? I do
not know but that it would be as well in this con-
nection to have his letter read. He says that the
money which is paid to district attorneys and
special counsel in prize cases is so large that it
will require next year $200,000 more than it has
been usual to appropriate for the judiciary fund.
I think it is about tune we stopped this practice."
1 will read a few sentences from the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior:
" In ttiis eonneetion the attention of the Committees of'
Ways rsii-l Means and on the Judiciary is respectfully invited
to the provisions of the fourteenth, twenty-third, and
twenty-fourth sections of the act to regulate prize proceed-
ings and the distribution of prize money, and for other pur-
poses, approved June 3'), 1834, (Acts of the first session of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, page 306,}
The fourteenth section in.ike:-, jn a certain contingency,
the costs or charges allowed )|.V the court m prize proceed-
ings a charge upon and piyaide out of that fund. The
order oi tile eouit vvouid seem to be conclusive both as to
the amount nf !ho charges ami the fund liable therefor.
Within the !.I--f h-v; weeks two accounts ltave been pre-
sented by a firm in tins eify (if New York, one amounting
to .57,1:1s 00, ami the oiliet to 49,343 57. Tliey have been
allowed by the pjoper court, and declared by an order
thereof to be a chaige upon the fund in question.
The other sections above referred to make the fees of
KjK'Ciai counsel in prize cases, or for the (Jell-use ol'eaptors
against denmmla fttr damage**, &c., &e., a charge under
ccruin circumstances upon that fuud. When such fuea
