1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
are audited and allowed by the Department incutrins them
and the Solicitor of the Treasury, nothing remains for the
Secretary of the' Interior but to draw liis l equisition for the
amount.
" 1 have no means of information which will enable me
to determine the amount of the costs and charges which
will constitute a claim upon that fund. The fund, too, is
diminished by allowing district attorneys an additional
maximum in prize cases by the ||Kenty-first section of that
act, although Congress by the sewrnd section of an act ap-
proved but three days before .the passage ot the aet in ques-
tion had, except in cases mentioned in the proviso, limited
their annual maximum compensation to S6,00t). (Id., pp.
195,196.")
I call the attention of Senators to thia, and I
should like to know how many members of the
Senate were aware of the section increasing the
allowances of these fees when we had had a con-
troversy on the subject, and only three days be-
fore passed a law fixing their maximum compen-
sation. Perhaps it got in through some confer-
ence committee, and none others understood it,
Mr. GRIMES. I am happy to inform the
Senator that that prize law, when it came from
the House of Representatives, was referred to the
very eminent committee of this body known as
the Judiciary Committee, and was reported back
by them unanimously to the Senate, and was
passed by the Senate. I was present when it
passed, and remember all about it. It did not
come in through any conference committee, but
was passed by the Senate on the recommendation
of the committee of which the Senator from Illi-
nois is chairmarr.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have not had time to
look into the laws nor to see the history of the
lawreferred to, but I can assure the Senator from
Iowa that if any bill went through the Judiciary
Committee which allowed district attorneys an
additional compensation over $6,000,1 never un-
derstood it, and I think I must not have been
present when that bill was passed if that provis-
ion was in it. I am quite sure that no such bill,
with my knowledge, ever went through the Judi-
ciary Committee. I will n&t undertake to say
that it may not have been reported by the com-
mittee, but 1 know I was not apprised of it. I
may have been absent at the time; I was absent
during part of the last session, as is well known
to the Senator and perhaps to others. I think it
very remarkable, after the controversy we had,
if such a bill could have passed that committee
without observation. The Secretary of the In-
terior says further:
" A further charge upon this fund is imposed by the third
section of tile act of July 2,1864. (/</., p. 373.) The ex-
penses of persons found upon captured vessels, when not
chargeable to the prize or other fund, and the expenses of
prisoners sentenced to confinement in the penitentiary by
naval court-martial are defrayed from thatfunil.
" I have no doubt that the sum provided by the Senate
amendment—the same as given for the present fiscal year
—wouid be sufficient but for the provision rendeung it lia-
ble to the costs m prize causes, although it is impracti-
cable to make an exact estimate of the amount which they
will reach. 1 conceive it to he my duty to recommend
that the appropriation be increased to the sum of $700,000."
That is in consequence of this legislation, I
hope that it may be appropriate upon some bill
that is now pending to enact a clause that no dis-
trict attorney shall have, from any fund whatever,
more than $6,000 in a year as his compensation
from the Government, and [ hope to have the sup-
port of the Senator from Iowa in putting it on,
and I trust he will see the propriety of not build-
ing up a solicitor's office in the Navy Depart-
ment. All I want now is to ask that when^ the
vote shall be taken on the passage of this bill it
be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I have nothing to say in re-
gard to the compensation that the district attor-
neys of the United States in the several districts
have received, or are now receiving, or ought to
receive. Probably I shall agree with the Sena-
tor from Illinois, and vote with him whenever he
shall propose an amendment to the present law
such as he has suggested. I think if there are
so many evils from the passage of this little law
it is exceedingly to be regretted that the watchful-
ness &f the Senator from Illinois was not aroused
at an earlier day, when we bad under considera-
tion heie in the Senate not only the appointment
of a Solicitor for the War Department, but the
appointment of a Judge Advocate General, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier
general, and an Assistant Judge Advocate Gen-
eral with the rank, pay, and emoluments, I think,
of a colonel of cavalry. Here it is proposed to
establieh In the> Navy Department an officer who
is to be styled the Solicitor and Judge Advocate
General of the Navy Department, who is to per-
fiarm all the duties that are required of these va-
rious officers in the War Department, and 1 have
proposed it and I advocate its passage here to-
day because I am satisfied that it will save a great
deal of money to the Treasury, and not take money
out, as the Senator from Illinois seems to appre-
hend.
Your Secretary of the Navy has already in-
formed you that there are thousands of different
legal questions being raised every day in the
Navy Department, which the Department is called
upon to decide. It is impossible to get a legal
opinion from the Attorney General or the Assist-
ant Attorney General, because they are nearly all
the time during the session of Congress engaged
in arguing cases before theSupreme Court. The
Secretary of the Navy has no authority to call to
his aid the Solicitor of the War Department or
the Solicitor of the Treasury. He is compelled
to go outside and employ other attorneys, and
when heemploysone man in one place nn8 another
man in another, it necessarily follows that the ag-
gregate amount paid to those various lawyers far
exceeds the salary that it is proposed to give to
this officer.
If we pass this bill I have no doubt that a good
man will be selected, an eminent lawer. If such
a man is not selected, the Senate of course will
refuse to confirm the appointee; and We shall then
have somebody who will be responsible to the
Navy Department and the country for the legal
opinions that shall be given, and for the conduct
of the Navy Department in that regard; and I
think that in the future a great many of the faults
that have been attributed to the Navy Department
will be obviated, if we have some regular attorney
who is to advise that Departmentupon legal ques-
tions. I have nothing further to say on the sub-
ject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather disposed to vote
for this bill, for the simple reason that if we do
not make such a provision the Secretary of the
Navy will, under the head of special attorneys,
expend twice or three times the sum. I saw in
the document laid on our tables this morning that
he has already paid to one man more than the
salary provided for by this bill. There are some
very curious items exhibited by this document to
which I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
I am always rather in favor of good large fees to
the profession, and disposed to see them charged
in proper and reasonable cases; but 1 think, on
the whole, the exhibit made by this document is
remarkably liberal to the profession. I see that
the revenue service paid to one lawyer, from July
1,1864, to January 1,1865—andagentleman,too,
of not the most eminent character, although a very
respectable and creditable lawyer in New York—
$5,900 for six months' service in revenue cases.
Mr. GRIMES. That was not for naval pur-
poses.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will refer to the Navy De-
partment presently. That Department has been
pretty liberal in allowing fees also. 1 see that the
amount allowed to one gentleman in New York
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, was
$2,550, and for the six months from J uly 1, 1864,
to January 1,1865, $5,900, as "j-eiaine'rs and ser-
vices in revenue cases," I see that these was also
allowed to the district attorney of New*Vork, for
extra services in revenue cases for the same six
months, $6,085, and there are various allowances
of very large amounts. The latPAssistant At-
torney General, whose salary was $3,000 a year,
has done a great deal better by resigning; for since
he resigned last summer, he has been paid $5,000
for services in two classes of cases. This docu-
ment shows that there was paid to T. J. Coffey,
as " special counsel in California land claims,"
$2,000, and to T. J. Coffey, as " special counsel
in prize cases," $3,000. lie has made, then, at
least $2,000 by resigning. It seems to nie these
allowances are rather unreasonable.
The Secretary of the Navy has been very lib- '
eral also. The Navy Department allowed to
Nathaniel Wilson, for services and expensesfrom
March 15 to August 1, 1864, in the preparation
of certain cases for trial by court-martial, $2,500;
and to the same gentleman, for services and ex-
penses in the examination of the accounts of Isaac
Henderson, $750; and to the same gentl«nlan, for
services and expenses in the preparation of the
case of Joseph L. Savage, $300—making over
thirty-five hundred dollars to a single lawyer for
a few months' service. It seems to me we had
better allow the Secretary of the Navy one attor-
ney, and forbid him to employ others.- In Hiy
judgment the power granted to hlads of Departr
ments to employ special attorneys has been
abused, and I am not disposed to continue it. I
think it would be better to give to each Depart-
ment a solicitor whose legal opinion it should
take, and give him time to examine cases, and
then 1 would restrict or take away entirely the
authority to employ special attorneys. I am dis-.
posed to vote for this bill, and I think we ought
to go a little further and take away from theSec-
retary of the Navy the power to employ special
attorneys unless in very peculiar cases.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Ohio, if he
will look at the table in the document to which
he has referred, will find that the-remedy hepVo-
poses will be entirely nugatory, because the War
Department has a Solicitor now, and that does not
obviate the employment of these men or the pay-
ment of these fees by that Department. The only
thing you will gain by the appointment of this
Solicitorin the Navy Department will be that you
will create a new office with a salary of $4,000,
but you will not obviate the necessity of allow-
ing these special fees. That officer will have his
office here in Washington; his salary will be
$4,000, and I suppose he will have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a brigadier general. [Laugh-
ter.] But the necessity for the employment of
special attorneys, if it exists at all, will exist just
as much after you have made this Solicitor as it
does now. If you look at the return made by the
Navy Department you will see, I think, that there
is not one of those cases where the duty could
have been performed by this bureau officer if he
was here. ■ For instance, Mr. Sleeper was em-
ployed at New York, and Mr. Wilsfin was liber-
ally paid nearly four thousand dollars, but that
was at New York, and the same thing would
have been done, probably, if there had been a
Solicitor of the Navy Department here. t
I do not blame the Secretary of the Navy for
asking authority to create this office, and I expect
the bill will pass. When 1 heard it read I had
the same opinion of it that the Senator from Illi-
nois had; but I had had such poor luck in oppos-
ing the creation of new offices, and the increase
of salaries, and the advancement of rank, that I
had pretty much made up my mind to let the
thing go, because opposition seemed to be of no
use. I suppose this bill will pass. It will make
a new place; this officer's salary will be paid, and
special fees will be allowed by the Navy Depart-
ment just as is now done by the War De'partment.
The bill will be no sort of remedyfortheevil that
is complained of. The Senator from Ohio is
altogether mistaken in his notion in regard to that.
There is another thing that I should like to
know, but I am not aware that we can get at il,
and I do not know that it is exactly pertinent to
this inquiry. 1 should like to know, Ijowever,
how much these gentlemen have been paid by
virtue of these appointments, beside what they
have got out of the Treasury- 1 do not know
how the fact is, but I wish eomebody that does
know would tell me whelher, in regard to some
of these gentlemen that have been paid for inves-
tigations, in New York and Washington for in-
stance, in prize cases, the captors who were enti-
tled to a share of the proceeds of the prize have
not be^n taxed a percentage on the amount they
received, which percentage has gone to pay these
special attorneys. That of course does not ap-
pear in the sum sent herefrom the Navy Depart-
ment as paid by the Department. I am told that
is the case. I do not know it, and therefore I will
not affirm it; but I should like to know how the
fact is before 1 vote.
Now, sir, 1 hope that all those who think the
rebellion is to come to a close, and the country is
to be saved from the burdens of taxation under
which it labors by the creation of new officers
with large salaries, will vote for this bill; but it
is a little singular, it is very singular, that this
Department, which has had the administration of
the naval affairs of the country for four years,
