THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, 3>. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1865.
New Series No. 21.
ssnanabasg
worth, Fmck, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gnder, Griswold,
Halo, Hall, Harrington, Chailes M. Ilarus, Herrick, Higbv,
llohnau,Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Ingersoli, William Johnson, Kalbfloiseh, Kasson, Kolley,
Fiuncis W. Kellogg, Kcrnan, King, Knox. La\v,Lazear,Le
IU *id,Long,Longyear,Mallory,Maicy,McCJurg,McDow-
ell Samuel F. Miller, Mooiiicad, Morrill, Daniel Moirig,
James 11. Morns., Mouibon,A.nioa Myerd. Leonard Myers,
Noble, Norton, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
son, Pendleton, Perham, Perry, Pike, Price, Samuel J. Kan-
dull, William H.Randall, Alexander H. Rice, JohnII. ltice,
Robinson, lloger?, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Ro*«<, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Simthcis,
Stair, Jobn B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thayer, Tovvnsend, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkcnlnngh,
VVadsvvorthjWard, iJJihuB. Wn^hbunie, William 11. Wash-
burn, WelMei, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W,
White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Window, Fernando
Wood, and Ycaman—136.
NAYS—Messrs. Cobb, Ecklcy, McBride, Spalding, and
Stevens—5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Anderson, Klow, Chanler, Aminos W. Clark, Du-
niont, Gooch, 6iinnell, Raiding, Benjamin G. Harris,
Hooper, llulhurd, Hutcluns, Jenckes, Philip Johnson. Ju-
lian, Oii.iiiclo Kellogg, Knnpp, LiUlejohn, Loan, Marvin,
jVleAllister, Mclndot^ McKinney, Middleton, William II.
Miller, Nelson, Odell, l'omeroy, Pruyn, Hadloul, Schonck,
William G. Steele, Thomas, Yoorliees, Whaley, Winficld,
Benjamin Wood, Woodbridge,and Worilungton—39.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole ou the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,)a d resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 649) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1866; the question being on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washdurne] to strike out the following clause:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department: Prom'Jcd,That the Secretary of the Treasury
b~, and he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion, to class-
ify the clerks authorized aecoiding to the character of their
feeivicest, $250,000.
To which the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] offered the following; amendment:
Inseit, in lieu of the words pioposcd to he ulneken out,
the loliowmg:
For compensation to temporary clerks in IheTreasmy
IJepaitment and for additional compensation to chirks in
same Dejmitment: lJ)ovulpd, That the temporary clerks
heiem pnmded for may lie classified aecouhng to the char-
acter ol their f-erviccc Jlnd provided fatthci ,'J'hat the Soc-
ietal y of the Tre.ismy may award ? ueh additional compen-
sation t<> clerks as m his judgment may be deemed just and
may he required by the public seiviee, $"250,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I modifymy
amendment by proposing to strike out also the
following clause:
For compensation of additional cieiks who maybe em-
ployed hy the Sccietaiv according in the exigenelcs of the
pnblie -uivicc, and additional compeiibationfor extra labor
of eleiks in his office, $25,000.
I believe the amount asked for in my amend-
ment will cover all that is included in the two
items. 1 deem it my duty to explain this amend-
ment somewhat in detail. I have no doubt that
it will be objected that it is giving too much
discretion to the Secretary of the Treasury. At
the same time I believe that it is the most eco-
nomical way in which the money can be voted.
Since the commencement of this war the amount
of duties thrown on theTreasury Department has
been increased perhaps more than tenfold. The
Auditors, the Comptrollers of the Treasury, the
Commissioner of internal Revenue, the Comp-
troller of the Currency, the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the Register of the Treasury, have all
had their duties so much increased that we have
had to give them a largo additional number of
clerks. If wo were to classify the clerks and al-
low tho Secretary of the Treasury a class of clerks
with a salaiy larger than any now paid, we should
undoubtedly expend a larger sum than if the mat-
ter were left entirely to the discretion of the Treas-
ury Department. When the Internal Revenue de-
partment was created,a sum of $500,000 was left
entirely at the discretion of the Secretary of the
21
Treasury. The organization of the department is
nearly completed; and in a bill that is to be re-
ported it will be proposed to limit the discretion still
further, and to specify the officers and clerks more
particularly than they have been hitherto specified,
and to fix their salaries. At the present time it is
almostimpossibie for the Treasurer and the Comp-
troller of the Currency to keep the best and high-
est rated clerks for any considerable length of
time. The outside demand for similar services
is so great that, after the Department has had
them in training for a short time, a higher salary
is offered for their services elsewhere.
There is no difficulty in relation to the clerks
whose salaries are $l,200and §1,4(10; but the dif-
ficulty is to retain that kind of talent and experi-
ence required for the purposes of the Departments
in the higher classes of clerkships. Many of the
men now in the employ of the Treasury .Depart-
ment could obtain perhaps fifty per cent, more
salary elsewhere than they are now receiving;
and unless we shall conclude to authorize this
amount of discretion to be intrusted in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury, several of the
present heads of departments—among others the
Comptroller of the Treasury—declare that it will
be impossible for them to conduct the businessof
their departments.
I know that gentlemen here have their desks
piled up with applications for clerkships in the
Depaitmcnts. I'here is a great amount of mis-
chief resulting from the pressure upon the Depart-
ments of applications urged by members of Con-
gress for the appointment of men of inferior
experience and capacity for the discharge of their
proper duties; and 1 have no doubt to-day that,
if these Departments were all allowed to employ
their own clerks throughout, we might appropri-
ate a sum one third less in the aggregate than we
now do, and the business would be better and
much more economically done.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, when we had this matter under considera-
tion nt the last sitting of the committee, 1 stated
my objections to the clause in the bill, as looking
indirectly to an increase of the salaries of the
cleiks generally; and it being, in my view, inde-
pendent legislation in an appropriation bill, 1
thought it improperly there under the rules. I
therefore appealed from the decision by which the
Chair held it to be properly in the bill. 1 stated
that when this question of the increase of sala-
ries should come up squarely I was willing to
meet it squarely, but I did not like the provision
in this bill looking, as I supposed, to that end.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
at that time offered asubstitute, which the House
ordered to be printed, and which he had received
from the Secretary of the Treasury. I had occa-
sion this morning to see that officer, and I asked
him for an explanation of this legislation which
lie desired. He stated in substance what had been
stated by the gentleman from Vermont, that it
will be impossible under the present system for
him to carry on his Department; that his best,
most experienced, and most valuable clerks are
resigning—some days half a dozen per day—on
account of the inadequacy of their salaries, and
that, while he is opposed to a general increase of
salaries and would not recommend it,he knows
of no wayof overcoming thepresentdifiicultybut
for Congress to invest him with this authority, in
order that he may give additional compensation
to certain clerks. 1 have found fault with the
principle, and I yet find fault with it; but under
the circumstances I do not know but thatit is the
very best thing we can do, putting upon thispro-
vision a limitation which I will offer as an amend-
ment; a limitation which I think it would be
proper for the House to adopt with regard to every
increase of salary if it should be determined, as 1
hope it will not be, to adopt a general increase of
salaries under thepiesentpressure. The limita-
tion which I propose is, that the increase shall
cease after the 1st day of July, 1866. if tho Com-
mittee of the Whole should be disposed to adopt
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I will ask them to adopt this amendment, to
add to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Vermont tho following:
But the said Secretary shall not have the authority to
award any such additional compensation to such clerks
after the 1st day of July, 1866.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no particular objec-
tion to the amendment; but it will be seen that it
is altogether unnecessary, because the appropri-
ation extends only to 1866.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that very well; but the provision of law
would exist, and these gentlemen would come
here and demand an appropriation in order to
carry out an existing law.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. The Clerk has just read this
item:
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For office furniture, and miscellaneous items, Including
two of the eitv newspapers, to be filed and preserved, l'or
the use of the* ofhee, $2o,000.
At the last session there was appropriated for
the purpose specified in this paragraph the sum
of$15,000. It is now proposed to appropriate
$25,000. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Vermont what necessity exists for the increase
of this appropriation; and further, what informa-
tion the committee have in relation to this item
of furniture.
Now, sir, I think that there is room for im-
provement, as that item runs through all of the
various Departments. If we go to the Depart-
ments we find many of the rooms fitted up in a
style of elegance which would not discredit the
houses upon Fifth avenue, New York city.
I do not know how much of this $25,000 is to
be appropriated for this purpose; but 1 do think
that in this department of the pubtic expenditure
there ought to be some economy. I ask there-
fore that the gentleman from Vermont will state
what information the Committee of Ways and
Means has in reference to this item of furniture,
and for which we are now asked to appropriate
this amount. I presume that the item is intended
for that purpose. Newspapers, I suppose, do not
cost much more than they did last year.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, in reply to
the gentleman from Iowa I will say that 1 have
no doubt there has been extravagance in fitting up
parts of the Treasury building, but this is for
fitting up rooms for clerks hitherto confined in
the building known as Winder's building. We
have largely increased the number of the clerks of
the Second Auditor, and I am told by him that he
has not yet enough of clerks to adjust promptly
the cases which come before him. At the last ses-
sion of Congress we increased the number of
clerks in that Department about ninety, and 1 be-
lieve that the Second Auditor has procured rooms
outside of that Department to the extent of about
fifty. They will require furniture, of course. They
will have to be supplied with desks; but 1 do not
suppose they will be covered with expensive car-
pets. We increased his Department last year to
the extent of about ninety clerks and this year
about one hundred and thirty, and I think that tho
amount is moderate enough for the rooms to be
furnished.
Mr. WILSON. I will submit ixn amendment,
in order that my remarks may bo in order. I
move to strike out " $25,000" and insert in lieu
thereof " $15,000."
Rlr. Chairman, I have no doubt that the business
of that bureau is far behind. I cannot account
in any other way for the absence of replies to my
own letters sent to the Second Auditor. Some
have been resting a year without answer. I pre-
sume the bureau does require additional clerical
force to bring up the business. But, sir, the Sec-
ond Auditor has no right to increase the clerical
force until we have authorized the employment
of additional clerks.
I think, sir, that the vacant rooms in Winder's
building, if there be any, can be furnished at a
