1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
will not be stricken out. If any appropriation
made by Congress for agricultuial purposes lias
been valuable, so that its value has manifested
itself to my mind, it has been the appropriation
for publishing these bimonthly reports, i do
not know that they are entirely correct and reli-
able. I do not suppose that so immediately after
their commencement they could be entirely reli-
able; but they are manifestly a close approxima-
tion to reliable reports, and they give in a cheap
form to every farmer in the United States a his-
tory of the pi ogress of the crops. They let him
know how the crops are coming on so that he can
make his calculations for the-next season.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me, I do not think that his amend-
ment is necessary. No part of this appropriation
is for the purpose of publishing these reports.
•The Department has the work done in the public
printing office.
Mr. GARFIELD.- If it is not necessary, [ of
course withdraw the amendment. But I will say,
before leaving the floor, that I hope most earn-
estly that the agricultural interests of the coun-
try will not be deprived of the valuable documents
distributed through this Department. They arc
not merely important to the agricultm ists, but
they are important to every merchant, every
trader, every man who has an interest in know-
ing the probable prices of products in the coming
season.
Mr. STROUSE. I hope my friend from Ohio
will not withdraw his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is provided for in an-
other place.
Air. HOLMAN. The eflect of inseiling the
words " and publishing" would aimply be to di-
minish the appropriation for collecting statistics.
The whole sum would nor pay for the printing.
Mr. STROUSE. if that be so, I have nothing
to say on the subject; but I desitc to say a word
in favor of the appropriation. 1 do not know of
any appropnation fur a sub-department of the
Government that is more advantageous to the
country at large than this comparatively small
appropriation for the benefit of (he must valuable
and greatest interest of all. I trust, Mr. Chair-
man, tlmt there will be but few votea cast here
against any hbeial anpropi iation that may foster,
protect, and benefit the gieat fundamental inter-
est of the Government, agriculture, on which all
the other coilateiai interests must necessarily
depend.
i may say here that the Agi icultuml Department
has been well manned, and deserves, as has been
suggested, the fostering care of the popular branch
of Congress,as well as of the counii y at large.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Although
I represent a district within the city limits, yet I
have during my experience here been enabled to
discover that these reports on the subject of agri-
culture are of immense importance. 1 hope, there-
fore, that there will be no interference with the
usual appropriations for this object, hut that we
shall afford to the eountry every possible means
of information wifhm the possession of the Agri-
cultural Department. I hope that no further op-
position will be made to the nppioprmtions for
this Department.
Mr. INGEfiSOLL. Mr Chairman, the dis-
trict which I i epi esent Is one of the finest agricul-
tural districts in the world, and, sir, it seems to
me'that out of the millions of dollai s appropriated
by Congiess, the agricultural inteiests should not
be ncglecud. The interests of the farmer, which
constitute the solid basis of tue wealth of the
country, should be thought of and cared for m
the appiopricUion.s made by this House.
I hope, sir, that the am c ml men t of my col league
from the Galena district [Mr. Wa^hburne] will
not ptrvnil. Rather than cut down this appro-
priation, I would be in favor oi increasing it, I
receive these bimonthly reports from the Agri-
cultural Department and send them to the local
newspapers of my district, and into these news-
papers is copied such information as is of interest
and benefit to the agucultuial community. It is
read by the farmers, and unquestionably they de-
rive advantage fiom it. Sir, ict us not forget the
interest of the farmer.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I hope that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois will not prevail. I am sony, sir, that
dislike toward a certain gentleman or a certain
management not here expressed should prejudice
the minds of this House against the Agricultuial
Department. I believe that the publication of
these statistics is of immense value to the pro-
ducing class in this country. I can tell the gen-
tleman the manner in which his constituents learn
how to sell their products. He will find that in
the various counties of his State there is selected
a man of known intelligence and enterprise, en-
joying the respect and confidence of the commu-
nity, whose business it is to collect and forward
facts in regard to the productions of the county
fiom mouth to month. Those facts are summed
up in the Agricultural Department, an exhibit is
made, and conclusions are drawn, whereby the
farmer in the gentleman's district may know how
to sell his wheat, his corn, or other products that
may be in excess of a good crop ox* be cut short
by a drought or a superabundance of rain.
Letme tell the gentleman further, thatifhe will
go to the Agricultural Department lie will find no
drones there. When 1 go into someof the other
Departments I find gentlemen with nppaiently
plenty of leisure, reading newspapers (which I
cannot get time to do) and smoking cigais which
have by common esteem a very fine flavor. But
go into the Agricultm al Department and vou seo
there activity, life, and a purpose. 1 repeat it, no
drones are usible theie.
Now, sir, it is proposed to cut off this informa-
tion, which I know to be of great benefit to tin:
farmer. I have hundieds moro applications for
these bimonthly reports and the annual agricul-
tural volume t han I can supply. A idi mei wishes
to know how the crop is in another pait of the
country in order that he may determine what
price to put upon his own products, and whether
to sell late or early. This uifoiniution he lecoivea
under the present system; ami 1 am in favor of
continuing it. Yet some gentlemen propose to
cut down this appropriation of $520,1)1)0 to pay for
collecting statistics throughout the various Slates
in regaid to their agucultuial products. I hope
that the gentleman from Illinois, who is not u
farmet, and has been too much of the tune on the
front, and has been too much occupied with other
matt'-is to give attention to this subject, will not
set up his judgment superior to that of those
whose peculiar branch it is.
Mr. WASHHURNE, of Illinois. I pioposo
to stand by my amendment to reduce the amount
to ^10,000 1 am glad to hear the compliment
paid by the gentleman fiom Iowa [Mr. Giunnci.l]
to the clerks m this Dcpaiunent. I utuieistand
that one of these neniluuen, paid by the Govci n-
ment, occupies a seat in the repoUeis5 galh-ry.
Undoubtedly he has listened to the gentleman,
and has made a good report of his Buncombe
speech.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to inform the gen-
tleman from Illinois that I am not in the habit of
consulting gentlemen in the gallery either with
my eyes or my ears. I do not piopo.se to go out-
side to holster up the few renuuks which I may
make. 1 think that it would rcquiie sevcial re-
poiters to icport al! that some gentlemen say on
this flooi. [Laughter.] But, sn, 1 will not be
personal.
1 desue to resist the cuttingdown of an appro -
prution which looks to the asceitainnient of the
products raised throughout the United States, and
the giving of this information, not to editois of
newspapeis, not to memheis of Congress, but
to those whose business requires them to be ac-
quainted with the state of the markets. This is
a small, an infinnesunaliy small sum to quarrel
about, when we, without question, vote bundled*
of thousands and millions to objects no nioie n!ei -
itmious. This appropriation is due, as has been
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ikgersoll,] to those whoaio not here to speak
for themsclvi s. Let us promote their piospeiity.
Let us give them as much light as possible on this
subject of agriculture.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr.Chairman, I wish sim-
ply to say that there is no appiopnation, to my
knowledge, made by Congie^ which i s moie ac-
ceptable to my < oiiMituonts than tins one for the
Department of Agriculture, and m their behalf I
protest against reducing the amount one single
dollai. I shall vote for every dollar inseited by
the Committee of Ways and Means in this part
of the bill, and feel that 1 can do no act which
will better justify me to my constituents.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of closing
debate 1 move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;' a-nd the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 649, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1866, and had
come to no resolution thereon;-.
Mr. MORRILL. I move thatdebate be closed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the paragraphs in reference to the De-
partment of Agriculture in one minute after their
consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the question of order
that that motion is not in order, as it would cut
off the five minutes' debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to leave the para-
graphs open to amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. General debate has not yet
been closed on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of oider, as the general debate has not yet been
closed.
Mr. MORRILL. I'move that general debate
on the bill be closed in one minute after its con-
sideration shall be resumed in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL mowd that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthc Union,
(Mi. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 649, making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expensesof the Governmentfor the year end-
ing June 30, 1866.
The CHAIRMAN stated that general debate
had been closed in one minute.
The question recui red on the amendmentofMr.
Washburne, of Illinois, and it was disagreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
For ptneha^c of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds, and
toi labor in putting up .seeds, &.eed lugs, and miscellaneous
Ut'lli:-, J^Gl ,uuu.
Mr. PIKE. I should like to know what
method is adopted by the Commissioner for the
distribution of those seeds. I have received from
time to time a very smalt quantity of seed, which
with gteat care I pteserved and directed to my
constituents. They have been of exceedingly small
value: and I have amused myself by multiplying
the value of the seed I have received by the num-
ber of Senatois and Repiesentatives, and 1 can-
not make out how the amount can reach anything
like $61,000. I do not know what other mode is
adopted. 1 represent an eminently agricultural
di.^tiiet, and I {lever heard of a seed getting into
it exc< pt through my humble instrumentality. If
a difletent mode is pursued I want to know it, so
that my constituents may get their proper propor-
tion.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $10,000. My experience.has been like
that of the g> ntleman Irom Maine. 1 presume
duung the last year that I have received for dis-
tribution an amount of seed that may have cost
twelve shillings or two dollars, which consisted
chiefly ofTuscarora seed corn, black seed onion,
mangolds, mangel-wurzel, &c., which are to be
found in abundance upon almost every farm and
m almost every garden in my district. I do not
know how much benefit this will be to the coun-
try, but it seems to me that it is an extravagant
and profligate appropriation. I have therefore
moved to reduce it to $10,000.
Mr. GRliNNELL. The gentleman from Maine
lives away down East, vvheie the people do not
need much seed, as tln-y live by fishing. Th'ey
do not of course care for the agricultural interest.
I would snhum him, howev r, that if there is an
agricultural society in his district it regularly re-
ceives Lirsro bundles of seed.
Mr. COX. 1 make the point of order that the
gentleman must address the Chair.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am addressing the Chair
and the gentlemen of the committee alternately.
