109Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
i
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered us in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to abolish the office of naval officer for the district
of Stilcm mid Beveviy, in the State of Massachu-
setts, and to abolish the office of surveyor for the
district, to reside at Beverly, and also to provide
that the salary of surveyor of the district shall
hereafter be §400 per annum.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses 011 the bill (H. R. No. 640) pro-
viding for a district and a circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Nevada, and for other
purposes; and had receded from its disagreement
to the first amendment.of the Senate to that bill
(notconsidered by the committee of conference)
and agreed to the same.
-The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of
Ambrose Morrison, of Nashville, Tennessee, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
EKKOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.R.
No. 640) providing for a district and circuit court
of the United States for the district of Nevada,
and for other purposes; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
RECESS BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. FOSTER. Before the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] proceeds, I move that at the
hour of half past four o'clock to-day the Senate
take a lecess untii seven o'clock, for the purpose
of then proceeding to the consideration of the bank-
rupt bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
Mr. FOSTER. It is the only time when there
will be any possibility of considering the bank-
rupt bill, and I appeal to the friends of that bill,
if it have any, that they will at least endeavor to
secure an opportunity for bringing it to the con-
sideration of the Senate and get a vote, as I think
we can, after a very short discussion. J would
appeal also to those who are opposed to the bill,
that, as a matter of justice, we should at least
have an opportunity of taking the sense of the
Senate upon it. To those who are charged with
important bills which they are desirous of press-
ing upon the Senate for consideration, and have
been pressing for days past, I submit that it is
but fair to give an hour or two—1 shall ask no
more—to the consideration of this bill; and if in
the course of an hour or two the Senate can be
brought to a vote upon it, 1 think great good will
be done to the country; and if within that time a
vote cannot be had upon it I shall certainly not
ask that it be taken up at another time to interfere
with any other business of the Senate. I believe
til at between seven and nine o'clock this evening
we can get a vote upon that bill, for 1 do not think
there are many amendments to be proposed to it,
and the Senate will be prepared to act and vote
upon those which may be offered. If we cannot
do it befoie nine o'clock this evening ! give my
word to the Senate that I shall not again press it
on their consideration during the session. 1 ask
this, and I submit that it is but fair to those who
desire that this bill should receive the action of
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I o' j^ct to this xiiotioti.
Mr. FOSTER. Let a vote be taken on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not allow a vote to
be taken which shall supersede the pending meas-
ure until we get through with it, if i can help it.
The Senator from MiJ.igan is entitled to the
floor. He has given it away for nearly half an
hour, and now the Senator from Connecticut
takes t'io floor to seek to get up another bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can-
not be entertained except by the consent of the
Senatoi fiom Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 give my consent cheer-
fully if 1 do not thereby lose the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 subnet that the motion
is not in older except by unanimous consent.
Mr. h'OSTElt. it does not interfere with the
Senator from Michigan, and if his speech should
not be concluded by the time at which I propose
to take up the bankrupt bill I shall not ask that
he be interfered with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan has a right to yield the floor-to any
Senator to make any motion. He has yielded to
the Senator from Connecticut, and the question
now is on agreeing to the motion submitted by
the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the question on taking a
recess, or on making the bankrupt bill the special
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut to
take a recess from half past four to seven o'clock
for the purpose of acting on the bankrupt bill at
seven o'clock, and the Chair will understand that,
if that motion be agreed to by the requisite vote,
and will rule, if the Senate shall come together at
seven o'clock under that order,that the bankrupt
bill would be tiie special assignment for that hour
and would therefore necessarily come up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 wish to make a few
remarks on this motion, and the manner in which
it has got before the Senate. It is known, per-
haps, from remarks which have already fallen
from the Senator from Michigan, that he is op-
posed to the jointresolution he is about to discuss.
Being opposed to it, and being entitled to the floor,
he gives way for the purpose of having other mo-
tions interposed to delay that resolution. He is
quite willing that the resolution should be delayed.
I piesume he will vote to postpone it at any time.
Being entitled to the floor as he is, the Chair has
ruled properly, I have no doubt, that he has a
right to give way for any of these motions. The
Senator from Connecticut, however, is not op-
posed to the pending measure. It is manifest, 1
apprehend, to the Senator from Connecticut, as
it is to all of us, that if we are to have any action
upon the Louisiana question, we must hold onto
it, and probably have a night session for that pur-
pose. The Senatorfrom Michigan is not the only
Senator who desires the floor on that question. I
know of some other Senators who desire to speak
on it, and are prepared to do so, and there is no
sort of probability of our ending the discussion
on the Louisiana question between now and the
adjournment at half past four o'clock. I have
no objection to timt part of the motion of the
Senator which proposes a recess fiom half past
four until seven o'clock, but I do object to that
part of it which makes the bankrupt bill the special
order for seven o'clock. And I do not think it
exactly fair on the part of my friend from Mich-
igan to take the floor upon a question, whatever
hisviews may be about it, and then having con-
trol of it to yield the floor for motions to displace
it. Now, sir, with these remarks I leave the ques-
tion. I trust the Senate will not vote to super-
sede the question now pending by the bankrupt
bill.
Mr. FOSTER. One word only. The Senator
from Michigan certainly ought not to be cen-
sured by the Senator from Illinois, for I am to
hlame if anybody is, because I asked the Senator
from Michigan to give way. Respecting the sub-
ject to which the Senator from Illinois alludes, I
believe I agree with him as to its importance,
and that it is desnahle to pass the resolution. I
go with him heartily in believing that it is most
important and mostdesirabie to pass it; but I did
not snpnose that the Senate intended to consider
tiiiit 41.es.110u to-night; I have no idea that that
was in the minds of the Senators; and I asked
to-night for the bankrupt bill, not believing that
it would interfere with this measure. But I will
not take up time, I only ask for a vote on the
motion.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to ask a question
for information. I understood the Chair to state
that in case a recess was ordered for the purpose
of taking up the bankrupt bill this evening, that
bill would be the special order after the recess.
What i desire to know is this: would the unfin-
ished business, when we adjourn at the recess,
be displaced so that it would not come up regu-
laily on Monday nt one o'clock ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a special order
for that hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that if two thirds of the Senate shall con-
cur in this motion, it will override the unfinished
business. If a bare majority agree to this motion
it will not override the unfinished business. It
requires a two-thirds vote to make a special order.
The present motion is equivalent to a motion to
make the bankrupt bill a special order, and if car-
ried by a two-thirds vote will have that effect, but
if the motion be agreed to by less than a two-thirda
vote it will simply amount to a recess, and the
unfinished business will not be superseded.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. In relation to this matter,
my own feeling is that if it does not displace the
unfinished business, I am for giving the evening
to the consideration of the bankrupt bill. I have
no objection to its coming up for the evening,
with the understanding that that business and
none else be discussed this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad the Senator
from Connecticut.has made the motion he has.
Indeed I have regretted that there has been a1 .h
a delay in the consideration of the bankrupt will.
It is a very important practical question, with re-
gard to which there are numerous petitions now
on our table from all parts of the country. The
business of the country is interested in it to an
extent perhaps that it is not in any other ques-
tion, unless it be the tax bill. It ought to be con-
sidered, and the Senate ought to have an oppor-
tunity of hearing the Senator from Connecticut
on the subject. I wish to hear him on the sub-
ject, and as at present advised I wish to vote for
that bill or for a bankrupt bill when it shall have
been matured in this Chamber. I hope therefore
that his motion will prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for a division of
the question, first on a recess and then on mak-
ing the bankrupt bill a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a divisible
question in the opinion of the Chair. The first
question is on taking a recess from four and a half
o'clock until seven o'clock this evening. On that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 did not mean to have
the yeas and nays on that branch of the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will so
regard it if there be no objection. The yeas and
nays will be taken on the other branch of the
motion.
Mr. FOSTER. I submit whether this motion
is divisible; whether it is not one and indivisible,
being to take a recess for a specific purpose. It
is not a motion generally for a recess. I submit
whether, after the yeas and nays have been or-
dered 011 the motion, the party making the mo-
tion is not entitled to a vote upon the motion as
made.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that the motion must
be divisible, because its two branches require a
different vote. A majority can determine the
question of recess, while to make a special order
requires a two-thirds vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has no
doubt on the subject. The motion is one which
embraces two distinct propositions. The pailia-
mentary law, in the opinion of the Chair, is, that
any question may be divided into as many dis-
tinct propositions as would stand distinctly and
separately by themselves. Here the motion em-
braces two distinct propositions, first to take a
recess, and second to make a particular bill a spe-
cial assignment. The question now is on taking
a recess from four and a half o'clock to seven
o'clock.
The proposition was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 13.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion is 011 assigning the hour of seven o'clock for
the consideration of the banktupt bill, and on
that the yeas and nays have been ordeied.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Carlih', Chandler,
Collamer, Davis, D.von. Foot, Foster, liairis, Morgan,
Nye, Saulsbury, Stewait, Sunnier, Van Winkle, and
Wiiit.'—17.
NAYS — lVTe«?rs. Buekalew, Ciatk. Conner. Cow:.a,
Doohttle, Farwell, Games. tiale. Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Joluison, i.ane ol Kansas, Morrill. Nesinhh, r<.w-
etl, Uich.irihson, Sherman, Ten Eye.*, Trumbull,
Willey, Wll-on, and VViiyhl—24.
ABSENT—Mf-s-w. ilaiilmp, Harlan, Hendricks, Lane
of Jndiana, McDoug.til, I'omeroy, Itamsey, il.ddie, anu
Wilkinson—9.
So the Senate refused to make the bankrupt
bill the special order for seven o'clock.
