1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORRILL. There have been pending in
California for several years some oases involving
large amounts of money. Those cases are not
yet closed, and they require an amount of time
and attention that the district attorney is unable
to devote to the subject. Therefore the Depart-
ment thinks it indispensable that this appropria-
tion should be continued at least one year longer.
The Clerk read to line eight hundred and fifty,
when
Mr. MORRILL said: I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to supply what was accident-
ally omitted from the printed bill:
After lino eight hundred and fifty insert tho following :
For compensation of the di&tiict marshals, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. T1OLMAN". Lines eight hundred and fifty-
five and eight hundred and fifty-six read as follows:
For additional salaiy of the treasurer of the Mint at
Philadelphia, $1,000.
On this I raise a point of order. On the 29th
page of this bill we have already appropriated tho
usual amount as the salary of the treasurer of
that Mint, it heing embraced in tins item:
Foi fralaue^ of the director, tiea^urcr, assayer, mclter
ami rr'fmtM-, chief comer and engraver, us&istant assayer,
and seven clei Its, $26,-100.
I raise the point of order that this is simply an
increase of salary from $2,000 to $3,000. This
same point was made when the bill was under
consideration at the last session, and my recol-
lection is that it was sustained on the ground that
this was a direct increase of salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it comes under the last clause of tho 120th
rule, as stated yesterday. Since yesterday the
Chair has had occasion to examine the history of
that clause, and finds that it originated in this way:
the rule stood ougmally without that clause.
While so standing, in the year 1838, Mr. Cam-
breling offered m the House an amendment to an
appropriation bill, increasing the salaries of cus-
tom-house officers, officers in the Treasury De-
partment. The point of order raised yesterday
was made by Mr. Griggs, of Massachusetts,and
sustained by the Chair. Upon the next day Mr.
Briggs offered as an amendment to the rule the
clause which is now incorporated in it, for the
purpose of covering the precisc case. The mat-
ter was referred to the Committee on Rules, laid
over one day, and on the next day was brought
up by Mr. Cambrclin^, who stated that it was for
the purpose of covering these cases. The amend-
ment was adopted and incorpoiated in the rule.
The history of the ease will be found in the Con-
gressional Globe, volume six, commencing on
page 2*24. This clause, therefore, was introduced
into the rule for the express purpose of covering
precisely these cases. The Chair, therefore, over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. HOLtylAN. I move, then, to strike out
this item. It will be observed that we have al-
ready made an appropriation for the salary of the
treasurer of the Mint at Philadelphia. This is
simply a proposition to increase the salary by the
addition of $1,000. No fact has been brought to
the attention of the House indicating any neces-
sity for such an increase; and although the luling
of the Chair, in view of the precedent, is un-
doubtedly right, yet it is certainly a very unwise
policy to increase here and there a salary by an
appropriation of this kind, unless there be some
special and extraordinary necessity for it.
Mr. MORRILL, in reply to the argument of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] I
will state that this appropriation is in pursuance
of law. The appropriations have heretofore been
made in precisely this form. A part of these ad-
ditional salaries was authorized as long ago, I
believe, as 1846, while a small part of them was
authorized last year, on account of the necessity
that was felt for a further increase of salaries at
one or two particular points.
Mr. L. M*V ERS. 1 only desire to state, as a
further reason why this increase of salary should
be made, that the treasurer of the Mint at Phila-
delphia is obliged to give $200,000 security.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Philadelphia [Mr. L. Myers] that this pro-
poses no payment of salary in addition to what
that officer now receives. In a subsequent part
of the bill there is a proposition to still further
increase the salaries of these men; but this does
not propose any increase.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am very glad to learn that
there is to be in a subsequent part of the bill an
addition to the salary which this officer now re-
ceives
Mr.'WASHBXTRNE, of Illinois. If what the
gentleman from Vermont says be correct, then
we should strike out the word u additional." If
it is not an additional salary I would like toknow
why that word is there.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the gentleman says that
this is in conformity to former appropriation bills
and in pursuance of established law I withdraw
my motion to strike out. t
Mr. MORRILL. It is in pursuance of laws
a part of which have been upon the statute-book
since 1846.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out the
word " additional," as the gentleman says thatit
is not an additional salary.
Mr. MORRILL. It merely makes itconform
to the law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For additional salary of the treasurer of the branch mint
at JDenvei, $G00.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike that out,
as I understand it is a new appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL. It was authorized last year.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk icad, as follows:
For jMhirics of additional clerks in the office of the As-
sistant Treasurer at Boston, which are hereby authorized,
§11,500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike that out.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary to say anything in reference to these offi-
cers. Their duties have increased, and an increased
force is absolutely necessary to the Government.
They receive payments for the loans made by the
Government. Many of them are paoily paid, as
they say. So far as the business of the Govern-
ment is concerned they are indispensable, and
unless the gentleman wants to prevent the Treas-
ury from performing its legitimate functions he
will vote for this item.
Mr. WASHIJURNE, of Illinois. I want to
know the number of clerks now employed and
their salaries, and also what salary it is proposed
to pay these clerks. Does he propose to leave it
with the Secretary of the Treasury or the Assist-
ant Tieasurorat ljoston to fix the salary ? I think
that this is very loose legislation.
Mr. HOOX)ER. This appropriation is notfor
a proposed increase of officers in the office of the
Assistant, Treasuier at Boston, but for those who
have been there for the past two years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that be
the case, it seems to me to be worse than I im-
agined. It is for salaries for additional clerks
which "are hereby authorized." If these clerks
have been employed there without authority of
law it is something that this House ought not to
tolerate.
Mr. HOOPER. My impression is that the
same appropriation was maue last year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois! 1 think that
this is very blind legislation. We have no knowl-
edge whatever in regard to the number of clerks
now in that office; we have no knowledge in re-
gard to the duties they are called on to perform;
and yet we are asked to make this appropriation
for additional clerks in thin appropriation bill. I
think that we ought to have some little regard for
the Treasury and refuse to make appropriations
until we know what they are for.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that the committee
will not vote tins provision out.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out " five"
and insertfour." As I understand the ques-
tion theie ia a necessity for an increased force at
this office. The large number of millions of dol-
lars subscribed in Boston to the United States
loans has made the employment of more clerks
indispensable, in order that the duties of the of-
fice may be accurately and promptly performed.
In addition to all their other duties heretofore,
they have not only to receive subscriptions to
the loans, but to count the money; and it takes
a large force to do that. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois will not pievail.
Mr. WILSON. 'I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont why the necessity of putting 'the item_ in
this form. How many clerks does it authorize,
five, ten, or twenty-five? If he chooses to ap-
point twenty-five, clerks will we not be called at
the next session, in a deficiency bill,, to appropri-
ate money to pay them? There is no limitation
of power here. I think the language should b*e .
changed, or the paragraph stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL. Idonotknowthatweshould
be unwilling to allow this discretion to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It is a proper one. It
is for the employment of clerks where the re-
sponsibility is very great. I know of no place
where the could better trust the Secretary of the
Treasury with some degree of discretion than in
reference to the office of the Assistant Treasurer
at Boston.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ex-
planation made b'y the gentleman from Vermont
does ijot satisfy me. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] states that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have passed upon a
bill to cover the pastdelinquenciesof the Depart-
ment in this matter. I have looked over the bill
which the Committee of Ways and Means have
determined to report, and I ask attention to its
provisions for one moment. It organizes this
sub-Treasury department at Boston.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to a question of order.
I was instructed some days ago to report this bill
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
refused to give his permission; and I think it
hardly fair for the gentleman to bring it before
the House now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has stated the point
of order correctly, and the Chair sustains it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I did object to reporting the bill at that time,
but 1 had not then the opportunity of stating the
reasons why. This bill which my friend from
Massachusetts proposed to report organizes the
sub-Treasury of the city of Boston, and 1 call the
attention of gentlemen to it. It provides for one
chief clerk at a salary of §2,500; one disbursing •
clerk at a salary of $2,000; two clerks at a salary
of jjl,500 each; one clerk at a salary of $1,400;
one clerk at a salary of $1,300; six clerks at a
salary of §1,000 each; two clerks at a salary of
$800; one messenger eft a salary of $700; and
two porters at a salary of $GOO each. This
makes the aggregate salaries $19,GOO in order to
run this sub-Treasury machine in the city of Bos-
ton, while the whole expense of running the State
government of the State of Illinois is not $10,000.
it is proposed to fix these salaries indefinitely as
to time, no matter how much better the currency
may becomc; and after giving a messenger to all
those clerks, it adds two porters at a salary of
§600 per annum each.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I renew the amendment. I
wish to state to the House that this appropria-
tion is designed to meet an arrangement of the
sub-Treasury at Boston, which has been found
necessary for the past year. The bill which has
been referred to was prepared to authorize the
appointment of these officers in the usual form.
It was necessary to carry on the office, and the
expenditure beyond the appropriation has been
paid heretofore from the contingent fund of the
Treasury Department.
Iu reply to the remarks made by the gentleman
from Illinois in reference to the absurdity of ap-
pointing clerks, while he may be a very good
judgeof their necessity, I desire the Clerk to read
the letter from the Treasury Department which
accompanied this bill.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, December SO, 1864.
Sir : I havp tho honor of submitting for the consideration
of your committee the inclosed diatt of a bill " to provide
for the appointment of clerks in the office of tho Assistant
Treasurer of the United States at Boston, Massachusetts,
and to fix their salaries." It has been prepared in accord-
ance with the views of Mr. Chandler, the Assistant Treas-
urer, m which I eoneiu,uud therefore recommend the
parage of the bill.
With great respect, W. P. FESSEN'DEN, -
Secretary of the Treasury.
lion. T. Ptt:vkxs, Chairman Committee of Wuys and
Uca:,-:. L'filtd ii/ iUs llousc of Representative*,.
