326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
-Mr. HOOPER. I wish to add that from my
own knowledge of that office I am confident the
business cahnot be conducted without this appro-
priation.
! withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Washborne to strike out the clause.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
now rise, leaving the amendment pending, as I
desire-to have a full vote.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had ,the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 649, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1866, and had come to no resolution thereon.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department containing a statement of all
the payments from the contingent fund of that De-
partment; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. FA RNSWORTH,
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes,') the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 19,1865.
Prayer by Rev.Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Jo-
sephine Rice, widow of Brigadier General James
C. Rice, praying for a pension; winch was rpfrrred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of medical
officers in the service of the United States, pray-
ing that the rank and pay of hospital stewards be
increased to that of brevet second lieutenants of
artillery, to take rank next after the graduates of
the Military Academy at West Point; winch was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a petition of hospital stew-
ards, United States Army, praying an increase of
rank and pay to that of brevet second lieutenants
of artillery, to take rank next after the graduates
of West Point Military Academy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition ofWoodruff
& Beach, of Hartford, Connecticut, contractors
tor building iron-clad vessels for the Navy, pray-
ing for additional compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial of three
hundred and thirty-six enlisted colored soldiers
at Camp Casey, Virginia, in which they ask Con-
gress to provide by law that colored soldiers, irre-
spective of former condition, shall receive equal
pay and bounty as promised by the Government
to other soldiers of the same date of enlistment.
1 believe that in all perspective cases that equality
is secured,and that therefore this memorial can be
only applicable to a few past cases, in regard to
which, as will be remembered, there was a com-
plaint at the last session of Congress, and that
complaint still continues. I believe there is a bill
now pending, perhaps before the Senate, to pro-
vide a remedy in that case. I hope the remedy
will be provided. Meanwhile, 1 ask that this
memorial be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and.-the Militia.
The memorial was so referred.
TRUMBULL. I present the petition of
William Nicholls, praying for a pension; and
in connection with it I ask leave to withdraw from
the files a former petition of his, with the papers
in support of it, on which there was an adverse i
report based upon the fact that he did not estab- |
lish proof of his having served in the war of 18)2. j
He has since ascertained that he can supply that !
proof, and proposes now to do so. I make this i
statement so as to come within the rule of the j
Senate, which does not permit papers to be with- I
drawn where there has been an adverse report, i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) They may be withdrawn by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that those papers,
with the petition which I now present, be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIANKS TO GENERAL TERRY.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
jointresolution (S. R.No. 98) tendering the thanks
of Congress to«Major General Alfred H.Terry,
and to the officers and men underhis command,for
their gallantry and good conduct in the recent cap-
ture of Fort Fisher, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment putting the resolution
in a new draft,and I ask that it be put on its pas-
sage now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment of the Committee oil Military
Affairs was to strike out all after the resolving
clause of the resolution, and to insert the follow-
ing:
That the thanks of Congress are hereby presented to
Major General Allied II. Teiry, and to the officers and men
under his command, for the unsui passed gallantry and stciil
exhibited by them in the artaek upon Foit Fisher, and the
brilliant and decisive victory by winell that impm taut work
has been captured fiom the rebel forces and placed m ttie
possession and under the authority of the United States,
and lur their long and laithtul seivlce and unwavering de-
voiion to the (.oim; of the country in the nildstof tilegieal-
est dillicnltifs and dangers.
Jind lu< it furthei resolved, That the ''resident of the Uni-
ted States be, anil ho hereby is, requested to communicate
this reflation to Majoi General Terry, and through llim to
the officer* and soldiers under his command.
The amendment was agreed to.
The jointresolution was reported to theSenate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read, " A joint
resolution to present the thanks of Congress to
Majoi General Alfred H. Terry and the officers
and men under Ills commfind."
THANKS TO ADMIRAL PORTER.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval AiFairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral David D.
Porter, and the officers, petty officers, seamen,
and marines under Ins command, for their gal-
lantry and good conduct in the recent capture of
Fort Fisher, to report it back without amendment,
and recommend its passage. I ask that it be put
upon its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of'the Whole. It was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed
fora third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 100) to extend the time for the
payment of the special income tax by persons in
receipt of salaries from the United States Gov-
ernment; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON" also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
404) to secure impartiality in the administration
of justice in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by Its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN IMMIGRATION.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
403) to amend the act entitled " An act to encour-
age immigiation," approved July 4, 1864, and
the act entitled " An act to regulate the carriage
of passengers in steamships and other vessels,"
approved March 3,1855, and for otherpurposes;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an amendment to
the immigration bill of last session which was
reported by me from the Committee on Agricul-
ture and was in my charge; but the chairman of
that committee is not present, and 1 move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on Finance.
There is really no appropnate committee for it.
It relates to immigration, and probably might be
referred eitherto the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions or the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES. If it relates to the carrying of
passengers it ought to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. It only amends the act
relating to passengers, so far as immigrants are
concerned. It is principally an amendment of the
act of the last session relating to immigration. I
have no objection to the bill going to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, except that I desire speedy and
prompt action in order to repair evils that exist
now to a certain degree in New York.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that, all things
considered, perhaps this bill had better go to the
Committee on Finance, of which the Senator from
Ohio is chairman. It is well known that the Sen-
ator introduced and carried through the Senate,
at the last session, the bill which it is now pro-
posed to amend, and I think that the proposition
to amend it should be committed to the same hands
from which the original bill proceeded. I hope,
therefore, that it will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the amendmentof the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 390) for the relief of
Emily A. Lyon. '
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 640) providing for a district
and a circuit court of the United States for the
district of Nevada, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 689) to provide for Acting
Assistant Treasurers or depositaries of the Uni-
ted States in certain cases.
CONDITION OF THE INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up the res-
olution which was reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, in relation to the raising of a
joint commission to examine into Indian affairs
and the treatment of the Indian tribes by the civil
and military authorities.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) directing
inquiry into the condition of the Indian tribes and
their treatment by the civil and military authori-
ties. It provides for the raising of a ]oint com-
mittee, to consistof three members of the Senate
and four members of the House, to inquire into
the present condition of the Indian tribes, and
especially into the manner in which they are
treated by the civil and military authorities of the
United States, with power to sit during the recess ,
of Congress; to send for persons and papers; to
employ a clerk; to subpena or pompel the attend-
ance of witnesses; to hear the complaints of In-
dian chiefs, and to report at the next session of
Congress such legislation as may be necessary for
the better administration of Indian affairs; and
appropriates the sum of $15,000 to defray the ex-
penses of the same.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs how he is
going to get members of the House of Represent-
atives to serve on that committee. If I recollect
the reading of the resolution, it requires that the
committee shall consist of three members of the
Senate and four members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, constituting a joint commission, who
are to report at the next session of Congress.
The time of the members of the present House
of Representatives will expire on the 4th ofMarch,
and the new House will not be"organized until the
1st of December. It seems to me that the only
couise the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, or the committee, can pursue, is to make
this a Senate committee, and direct them to re-
port at the next session, I-t is not possible to
have members of the House of Representatives
added to this committee if they are to sit during
the recess. -Those that may be added, if the com-
mittee is constituted now, will cease to be mem-
bers of the House on the 4th of Mareh next, and
then there will be no members until Congress
