THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tract of land known as the State are at once re-
mitted to all the rights of State sovereignty, as it
is called, and Congress excluded from ail inter-
ference and tights of interference in their domestic
affairs.
I aim to state the objection fully and fairly, and
as favorably as Is possible to its advocates. This
is due to them and to the gravity of the question
jtself;a question itniust be confessed which trans-
cends in magnitude any that lias ever been forced
upon Congress.
And it is of the highest importance that at the
outset we should have clear ideas of the subject
and understand perfectly the antagonist proposi-
tion.
I repeat, I understand the ground taken to be
that whenever we have subdued and- overcome
the insurrectionary forces in a disloyal State, and
so far disarmed ihe insurgent inhabitants of their
hostile power as to leave no reasonable ground
to apprehehend danger of future armed resist-
ance, there supervenes, ipso facto, from the time
of such overthrow of their m.ihtary force, the
right of the inhabitants of the Stale again to enter
upon their career as a State; to organize or re-
sume a State government, according to their own
notions and preferences; to enact all such laws as
they may see fit to enact, and to be and remain a
State of the Union with all the powers and im-
munities of a State of the Union; and that they
may do this in spite of the will of Congress or of
the Executive, and independently of both. This
i understand to be the view of the learned Sena-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.]
And this proposition, in a thousand varying
forms, has been pressed upon the consideration of
the country, both in and out of Congress. It has
been and still is the great Democratic argument
against the apprehended consummation of the
policy of emancipation and the consequent de-
struction, forever, of the old coalition between the
southern slave-owner and the northern Democrat,
thatancientand cherished alliance which in truth
and in fact occasioned this civil war and all its
woes!
Let us bring the objection to the test of argu-
ment; and if we find it fallacious, especially if we
find in it an element of danger to our future peace,
let us not be afraid to expose the fallacy and to
take security against the danger. This is no time
for timid counsels or hesitating policy. We are
called upon by every consideration of patriotism,
of duty to our country, of duty to the present and
to future generations, to the cause of free govern-
ment and popular liberty, now intrusted to our
sole keeping, to putaside fear and hesitation, and,
in fortifying ourselves against future outbreaks
and rebellions, to be animated by the same heroic
firmness which has given victory to our arms in
the field and on the waves.
What, then, is a State r What are its essential
attributes, without which it is no State?
A State is a moral person, a political commu-
nity, possessing the faculty of political govern-
ment. its being does not consist of geographical
extent, but of the united will of the persons who
have their domicil within its limits. To attribute
to the mere land the qualities of a State would be
to mistake the cradle for the child, the vessel for
the crew, the dress we behold moving before us
for the immortal spirit within.
The land is, of course, indispensable as afford-
ing room for the working of this will, but is in-
capable of exercising or receiving any political
faculty or right; as much so as is the tombstone
of indicating the present thoughts of the departed.
It is nothing, absolutely nothing, but the theater
on which the political community moves and acts,
but is endowed with no thought, no right, no duty.
It is not, therefore, in the argument of this
question, entitled to any weight or consideration
whatever, except as being the unconscious theater
and footstool of the thinking beings residing upon
it; and we must, therefore, confine our attention
to them. They constitute the State. They alone
are the subjects we are to consider. U' rights
exist they alone possess them; if our powers are
to be exerted it must be upon them only, and with
a view to influence their action, with a view to
bring their will into unison with our own.
However captious and trifling may seem the
objection founded on the inquiry, what is a State
of the Union, it is fortunate that even this query
was fully solved by the Supreme Court of the
United States atanearly day,and within a period |
of only seven years after the present Constitution
went into operation.
The com t says:
" Every particle of authority which originally resided In
Congress, or m any branch of the State governments, was
derived trow the peop'e who were, permanent inhabitants
of each province in the first instance, and al'tenv.ud he-
came citizens* of each State; that this authority was con-
veyed by cacti body-politic separately, and not by all the
people in the several provinces or Slates jointly; and, o(
eouise, that no auihomy could be conveyed to the whole
but that which wsts previously possessed by th« several
paru<; that the distinction between a State and the people
of a State has in tins respect no foundation, each expres-
sion in substance meaning the same thing."
1 refer to PenhaHow'a case, 3 Dallas's Reports,
page 94. If my fiiend from Missouri will look
at that decision he will find a clear exposition of
what was understood by the Supreme Court at
that early day to he a State of the Union.
A State of the Union or a State in the Union
is, therefore, a people yielding obedience to the
laws of the Union, that is, the acts of Congress
and the national treaties. It is a people who will-
ingly perform the duties of a State required to be
performed by the Constitution; a people who
have a State government which is republican in
form; a people who were one of the original
thirteen States which formed the United States,
or a people who have, since the adoption of the
Constitution, been, in the language of that Con-
stitution, "admitted by the Congress into this
Union 9y as States upon an equal footing with the
original States; for this equality of rights and
powers as States is plainly implied by the lan-
guage and the manifest intention of the instru-
ment; and no other people except such original
State or admitted State; none but a State which
permits the laws of the Union to have full scope
and force within its limits; none but a State which
sends Senators and Representatives to Congress
friendly to the Government itself, willing to vote
men and money tosuppoit and uphold it, who
believe that a person forcibly resisting its au-
thority is a traitor and deserving of death; none
but a State which is willing to bring to trial, to
convict such a traitor, and to punish him for his
treason; none but a State whose population-is
capable of furnishing both the grand jury to in-
dict and the traverse jury to convict such a traitor;
none but a State whose population and whose
authorities are in favor not only of permitting the
laws of the United States relating to civil rights
to be executed, but who are willing that the puni-
tive code of the nation, the code of vengeance
against its enemies, shall be carried out; none
but such are States of the Union. A State, being
a moral person, must have a will; it must, in
accordance with the reasoning of the same high
tribunal in the aame case, " be a complete body
of persons, united together for their common
benefit to enjoy peacefully whatis their own,and
to do justice to others."
To be in fact a State of the Union and in the
Union, this will or eonsentof the people must be
in harmony with the Constitution, and its move-
ments subsidiary to it. It must regard the Con-
stitution as its highest political good; its injunc-
tions as the highest human law, its commands as
the infallible and final measure of civil duty, in
short, to be in the Union is to be actively and
willingly cooperating with other States in the
performance of all those acts and things without
which the Federal Government cannot act or
move, cannot perform the functions required of
it by the Constitution; it is to elect Senators and
Representatives to the Congress of the United
States; to permit the courts of the United States
to be held within their limits, and its citizens to
act as jurors and officers of the court; to permit
the judgments and sentences of the court to be
executed against its citizens; to permit the United
States mail to be carried through the State and
its contents distributed according to law; to per-
mit the officers of the United States to collect the
Federal revenue whether derived from foreign or
domestic products; to permit the United States to
manage and control their own property, whether
consisting of foits, dock-yards, arsenals, mints,
! or public lands; to make such elections of Sena*
l tors and Representatives freely and as the means
! of maintaining Hseif as a State in the Union; and
j to permit all these things willingly and freely as
| rights belonging to the Federal Government with
1 which neither the Stale government nor the people
of the State have any right whatever to interfere.
In shoi t, to be a State in the Union U>-tu use all
those poweis of the State which have a relation
to the Federal Government m a manner friendly
to that -Government friendly to its existence and
continuance, in a manner piomotive of the objects
of that Government; and to permit without hin-
derance the exercise within the State of all the
powers of the Federal Government.
Whether a State which should merely omit to
send Senators and Representatives to Congress
would for that reason cease to be a State of the
Union, it is not, perhaps, worth while now to in-
quire, though my opinion would be that such a
State delinquency would not be followed by that
consequence. But surely, if the State has gone
further; if it has gone the length, as a political
community, of not only refusing to participate in
our legislation, but of making war upon us, con-
certed, open war, war evidenced by the employ-
mentof armies and navies against us, it would be
folly, madness, to say that the State was not our
enemy in every sense in which that term can be
employed to describe hostile relations between
independent communities. The Stale, in that
case, becomes our enemy, and becomes such for
the same reason that any other community be-
comes such, whose actual Government for the
time being wields the military forces of that com-
munity against us. By the law of civilized war,
an organized community, and an organized or
recognized war on the part of that community,
are ail that are requisite to constitute its Govern-
ment a hostile Government as to us, and its citi-
zens or subjects our enemies. No one will pre-
tend that such a community is in the Union in
fact, for that would be to make an admission and
in the same breath to contradict it. De facto, such
a community, and, if it be bounded by State lines,
such a State, is as completely out of the Union as
is Canada or Mexico, from the moment it assumes
the attitude of hostility until it is subdued and
conquered by our arms, or until it voluntarily
lays down its arms,ejects its hostile government,
and returns in fact to its once friendly sentiments
and friendly relations to the Federal Government.
Friendship for the Federal Government, m other
words, loyalty, thus becomes the final test m solv-
ing the question, what is a State in the Union?
If a State by its overt acts has shown a want of
this friendship, it is no longer in the Union de
facto, and cannot be treated as if it were. The
Supreme Court, acting upon the soundest prin-
ciples of public law, have decided the waging of
war by a State, although acting under an ille-
gitimate and revolutionary government, renders
her territory enemy's territory, and the people
there residentenemies of the United States, in the
sense of the laws of war. And their decision
could not have been different.
Well, then, the State is in fact, though wrong-
fully, out of the Union—out of the Union because
its actual, present government is disloyal and
treasonable. It is out of the Union in the same
sense in which Ireland or Scotland, if actually in
arms against the authority of the British Parlia-
ment, would be out of the United Kingdom; in
the same sense in which Ireland was out of her
union with England when her people, at the insti-.
gation of the expelled James II, took up arms
against the Prince of Orange, the actual reigning
sovereign; m thesame sense in which La Vendee
was out of the French republic when, following
the lead of George Cadoudal and other royalist
chiefs, the people of that province took up arms
against the then Government of France; out of it
in the same servse in which an insurgent county
of a State would, during its unsubdued hostility
to the State, be out of the State; out of it, because
unsubdued tebellion makes it for the time being
an independent though unrecognized nation on
the earth's surface, throwing oft' its allegiance to
its paramount Government, and assuming by the
sword to assert its separate nationality.
I shall not stop here to enter into the curious
historical theme, what is the origin of nations, but
suggest that the student will, to the possible dis-
credit of human nature, discover that in at least
nine cases out of ten that origin will be fouiupn
the application of successful military force; that
in a general sense, and in historical truth, the
sword of the conqueror has been the ongin of
nations,and that compacts social, compacts polit-
ical, compacts religious, have all been trodden in
