1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"lots'
the dust, and have disappeared beyond the power
of invocation or appeal, beneath the iron heel of
the warrior. Thus crushed and obliterated, stat-
utes, treaties, constitutions cease; and the im-
partial muse of history seizes upon the moment
of victory as the beginning of the conquering na-
tion, and no longer heeds the parchment scrolls
which record the injustice of the war or the per-
fidy of the successful party. Such has been the
melancholy record left us by the past, a record in
which our own country and continent cannot
claim exemption from the general rule.
But we are at war with the rebel States, and
are told by those whose mouths are full of com-
plaints and criticisms as to the mode in which
this war is waged, and as to .the imputed objects
to be obtained by it, that the Government, so far
at least as the rebel States are concerned, is under
some peculiar constitutional restraint by which
its hands are tied; that we are prohibited from
" subjugating" those States; that all we can do,
under the Constitution, is to break up the military
array of the rebels, disperse their armed bands,
take away their arms, and do that very indefinite
duty,res/ore order; thatthereupon ourtask isended
and the rebel States have a constitutional right to
come back into the Union and participate in the
enactment of Federal laws and the conduct of the
Federal Government. And we are menaced both
in Congress and out with terrible retributions if
we conquer or attempt to conquer, if we subju-
gate or attempt to subjugate, the rebel States. It
is admitted by these our critics that in an inter-
national war, a war in which the tfnited States
are one party belligerent and some other inde-
pendent Power of the earth is the other, we should
iiave ail the rights and powers of other independ-
ent nations, and might rightfully conquer our
adversary, subdue our adversary, subjugate our
adversary; that is, that we might make a com-
plete conquest of his people and his territory, as
complete as that of Great Britain over Canada in
17G2, when, as Mr. Bancroft tells us, the con-
quest of the province by Great Britain was com-
plete; complete and perfect in all respects as is
recognized by the modern code of war.
Now, I need not tell the Senate that even under
such a complete conquest the usages of war and
the laws of nations allow the conqueror only to
substitute his political authority for that of the
former sovereign, and forbid him to disturb the
titles of the peaceable and submissive subjects of
that sovereign to their property, real or personal,
or to inflict any hardship upon them beyond the
ordinary war contributions required for the sup-
port of the victorious army. The municipal laws
of the conquered country remain unchanged,
save in so far as they are inconsistent with the
change of sovereignty, and the property of indi-
viduals is protected by the conqueior on their
submission to his authority. Now, it is lawful to
wage such a foreign war for the purpose of effec-
tuating such a complete conquest, and of course
lawful to attain it; lawful to substitute the author-
ity of the conqueror for that of his adversary;
lawful to substitute the political authority of the
United States for that of a hostile foreign nation
in the case of an international war, otherwise
the war cannot be a successful one,) and for that
of the hostile State in the case of a war between
the United States and a State. There is, because
there can be, no difference between the two cases;
for in each, the former actual hostile government
must be supplanted by the Federal Government.
In the case of foreign territory no one would or
could doubt that it is the exclusive right of that
Governmentto take the place of the former sover-
eign and to erect its own ensigns of power. In the
case of a rebel State subdued by the arms of that
Government, is not such State equally at its feet,
or rather under the shield of its conquering pro-
tection? Who but that Government has then the
right to give the law? Has any other State or
people? No. Has the rebel government that
right r No; for that government is abolished and
its agents dispersed. Have the conquered rebel
people that right? No; for that would be to allow
them at once to expel their conquerors by a pop-
ular decree, and to deny the supremacy of the
Federal Government that has subdued them. Has
the old State government, the once loyal govern-
ment, tli£ right to govern the conquered people?
No; there is no such government. It has long
' sinee ceased to exist. Its functionaries have all
forsworn and abandoned the old Stategovernment.
They are gone; some driven into exile, many dead,
but by far the largest part of them open traitors,
hostile to the conquerors, and utterly opposed to
reestablishing any State government acknowledg-
ing allegiance or friendship to the United States.
In fact, there is no government there, none at all,
which can for a moment be recognized or permitted
by the United States, as the party now holding
the actual mastery of the country; and like every
other case where the possession of a country has
arisen from the use of superior force, the will of
the conqueror is the law—that is, the will of the
United States expressed, in the absence of acts
of Congress, by the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, but by the acts of Congress after Congress
has spoken.
I ean see no escape from this conclusion, that
the United States, as the other hostile party, the
party who, in suppressing the rebellion by mili-
tary power has conquered the rebel country, and
who holds it, as it must necessarily hold it, in the
iron gripe of war; that theUnited States have the
right, as the conqueror, to rule and govern the
State as conquered country, subject for a time at
least to their sole will. If this be not the case,
then the State is without any government,and is
exposed to all the horrors of anarchy, to murder,
and private rapine. No one will deny that we
hatto a right to subdue by arms and to reduce to
quietude and submission a rebel State, that is, the
people of a State in insurrection. But how ab-
surd to make this concession, and at the same
time to deny to us the constitutional power to oc-
cupy and hold the territory and its people in our
military grasp—an occupation just as necessary
to the end in view as the firing of cannon, the
charging of cavalry, or any other operation in the
field.
But the question forces itself upon us, has the
Government of the United States the same rights
of conquest, the same ample powers of control
and disposition of a conquered State as of a con-
quered foreign territory? In case of a foreign
war we acquire what was before notours, whether
it be person or territory; and the conquest has
then no claim whatever to the rights and privi-
leges of a State of the Union, but must beyond
all doubt be treated as a territorial dependency of
the United States, to be dealt with just as Con-
gress shall see fit. But the State which is sub-
dued was never rightfully foreign to the United
States, was ever dejiire partand parcel of the na-
tion, and endowed with the powers and privileges
the Constitution leaves m the States. The true
objects of the war, therefore, the ultimate objects
to be attained by it, are the suppression of the re-
bellion, the reestabiishment of the original Fed-
eral authority within the State, and the revival of
the loyalty of the people of the State as the sole
foundation and condition of all its civil rights as
a Slate of the Union and of the right of its peo-
ple to be treated as friends and not as enemies.
Although the United States have the full and com-
plete right which conquest gives, for the purpose
of subjecting these domestic enemies to the ex-
ercise of the powers granted by the Constitu-
tion to Congress, and tor the purpose of restor-
ing to the body-politic its vital blood, loyalty to
the Government, yet those purposes, those dis-
tinctends, are without doubt limits beyond which
we cannot go. We are lesfraincri by the mani-
fest objects for which the national Government
was formed; butrestrained by no particu clause
of the Constitution. The instrument contains
no such clause, and the limitation and restraint
are of precisely the same nature as those which
any other Government is under in subduing an
insurrection of its own subjects or citizens; the
plain object of the war in both cases being the
restoration of legitimate authority and the revival
of allegiance. And until this revival of allegiance
there must be the same need of military occupa-
tion and repression in both cases.
It is not to be denied that the Government of the
United States, as organized under the Constitu-
tion, depends for its formal and le^al existence
upon the existence of the States. The Senators
and Representatives from the States in the Union
are alone the law-makeis. The electors chosen
by their people under their laws make the Pres-
ident of the United States for four years only.
An abstinence of a majority of the States for more
than four years to choose electors, more than two
years to choose Representatives, or more than
six years to elect Senators, puts a formal end to
the Government of theUnited States under the
present Constitution; and as the existence of the
States is indispensable to that of the Federal Gov-
ernment, it is not permissible by mere interpreta-
tion to clothe that Government with a power per-
manently to abolish the State government by way
of punishing or suppressing the rebellion; or to
convert the States into mere Territories of the Uni-
ted States, that is, public domain, to be divided
up afterward by lines different from those of the
States, and again admitted into the Union like
matured Territories, with such new geograph-
ical limits as Congress may seefitto establish. It
seems to me that such a proceeding would be in
very direct violation of that clause of the Consti-
tution which declares that no new State shall be
formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State, nor any State be formed by the junc-
tion of two or more States or parts of Stales, with-
out the consent of the Legislatures of the States
concerned as well as of the Congress. It appears
to me that this express prohibition indicates that
the Government of the United States was to be
forever disabled to change the boundaries of any
State once in the Union without its consent; its
consent in its capacity as a State, freely given by
its own Legislature. And in this respect I regret
to differ from what would seem to be the Pres-
ident'sopinionsas expressed in his amnesty proc-
lamation. He observes:
" And I do further proclaim, dcclarc, and make known
that any provision which may he adopted by such State
government in relation to lite freed people ot such State,
which shall recognize and declare tlieir permanent free-
dom, provide for then education, and winch may yet be
consistent, a-? a temporary arrangement, with then present
condition a laboring, landles*!, and homeless class, will
not be ob|eeU'd to by the national Executive. And It is
suggested as not improper, that, in constructing a loyal State
government m any State, the nam*' of the State, the bound-
ary, the subdivisions, the constitution, and the genei.il code
of laws, as before the rebellion, In* maintained, suhjcct only
to the modifications made ncccssmy by the conditions herein-
before stated, and such others, if any. not contravening snvl
conditionsy and which may he. deemed expedient by thosejtam-
ing the new State government."
What, then,are the powers of the United States
over the rebellious Suites? I reject the idea that
they can be converted into Temtoues. Plainly,
underoursystem,aTerritory of the United States
implies land never lying in any Stale, land ceded
to the United States either by the old States, or
purchased or conquered from foreign nations. The
term never has been used to describe a State, or
any part of a Stale; and it implies not only the
ownership of the soil and right of disposition, but
full and complete political jurisdiction in the Fed-
eral Government over the people resident theie.
On a question of such magnitude we ought to
avoid inappropriate language and terms of equiv-
ocal meaning.
The objects of the conquest being such as I
have slated, it follows that it is the duty of Con-
gress, on taking military possession, to endeavor
by all reasonable means to effect those objects,
and that in its very nature such forcible occu-
pancy is temporary, and ought to cease the mo-
ment those objects are attained. This cannot be
done without establishing <x government to pre-
serve ordei, life, and propc rty—a provisional gov-
ernment, for that is the true historic name to be
applied in this as in all cases where an old gov-
ernment has been overthrown; a provisional gov-
ernment instituted by the conqueror, and to be
continued just so long as Congress may find it
necessary to continue it for the attainment, and
while attaining, those high objects. The occu-
pancy, that is, the possession of all the reins of
local government by the Federal authorities, (for
I do not wish to be misunderstood or to mislead
by mere generality of phrase,) is but temporary,
provisional, fiduciary. It must necessanly last
until the Federal Government has done its duty
in the reestabiishment of order and the revival of
loyalty. Until then it is, and must be, the om-
nipotent sovereign of the State, holding actually
by right of conquest, though for a particular pur-*
pose, and being itself nocessiu ily the Anal judge to*
deteimine when its tutelaiy mission hay been ao« 
complished.
I thus steer clear of the question whether a
State can commit suicide, that is,, extinguish its
own being, by waging a rebellious war against
the Federal Government; and isliow that instead
of piesentmg any sucl\ abstract question of poUt*
