1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ical dialectics the case merely piesents the usual
question, presented whenever and wherever there
has been a forcible revolution. What is toe duty
of the paramount and lawful Governmcntm
treatment of insurgent coiihnus in-'S? And is m?i
the Government dom<* its whole dut y in juniivii-
ing the ringleaders m 'he revolt mid ?. sni"<r f he
old and constitutional Government over tho.se
districts ?
1 have said the Government must be tlm fin -il
judge how long this military occupation shall
last, its duty in this respect is plain. It js bound
by the plain terms of the Constitution not only
to suppress the insurrection, which it has done
the moment it has obtained firm possession of the
hostile territory and not less than the whole of it,
but to guaranty to the once loyal but now con-
quered State a republican form of government.
To perform this high  nd s-cr ci ine f, i'hH" oi
course is necessary, uisd noi outy -•
variety of means and ln^iruii >>;,:•! <i v'-
which the Governm* nt of to s Mm ,
because it has no supmi  r, no < ip«ai t ■ 'i«- n, ti-
ter, be the sole and fhk;l j-n^e. i*t:< ia< .ms
may embrace acts of prov imojmi 1« g'.s'niMn, < l'- -'t-
ing private rights and dirns not p.eviot sly m
existence,butexisting by law ami c t n pe« m.ment
nature, paramount lo all subsequent State 1
lation because arising umki the suj-iem •'uuihur-
ity of the nation, ay for instance the tiv.. « h< e-
doim to slaves; or they may umlonbied y i i«.f i we
conditions to be performed by tiie suo.oie;! >f.tr s
on taking their places a^am m the Uuio. , mi> h
as would be an ordinance forevfr abolishing .sla-
very in the State. And 1 cannot by any m^ans
admit as the true interpretation of tins claufe the
narrow view taken of it m yesterday's debate by
the Senator from Missouri, that u applies only to
a preexisting republican form of government. It
is, sir, m my view, a broad and beneficial power
given to Congress for the safety not merely of
each of the States, but of the nation; the gieat
mass of Americans, who each and all, at home oi
abroad, have the deepest interest in the taithful
exercise of this guardian power.
Such, Mr. President, it seems to me is the un-
avoidable and invincible logic of military occu-
pation. If you admit the rightfulness of the fact,
if you admit that we may conquer and occupy,
you mustadmitthe conclusions 1 have thus drawn
from that right; you must admit the r< be! com-
munities are in our power, not for evil, not for
destruction and desolation, not to make a desert
that we may call it peace; but forgood, for the high
purposes announced in the Constitution," to form
a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the general wel-
fare, and to secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity."
Yet while thus in our military power, owaiting
our action,looking to their restoration, nothing
is clearer than that the citizens of the rebel States,
though owing obedience to all the laws of the
United States, possess no political lights under
the Constitution except protection. They are not
free to act, because their freedom to act would, if
indulged, lead them again to draw the sword
against the United States. They are subject, and
nectssarily subject, to military repression, and
must so remain until the Government of the
United States shall see fit torelkve them from it.
They have no right to send members to tins body
or to the House of Representatives, much less to
participate in the election of President and Vice
President. They are the ward-provinces of the
United States, progressing toward the maturity
of revived loyalty, but not yet entitled to exercise
the elective franchise or to participate in the
enactment of laws.
if I am asked what I mean by the Government
of the United States, and whether 1 mean that rhe
President as Commander-in-Chief has the exclu-
sive power to establish these provisional go^-rn-
ments, I answer, I do not, ile has the right to
regulate military occupation until Congress has
acted upon the subject; because hy the usages
of war the victorious general in the field has a
right to regulate it until controlled by his govern-
ment at home. But the establishment oi~pi< vis-
ior«ul governments, the quieting of the re:!« iiioa*
province and the reesiahli&hm-.nl of u  
authority over it, pertains to thesoven .r,
that is, the law-giving power of the nation.' With
us thai pow&« is lodged in Congreas and not ui
jt the President; and m my opinion it is the busi- I
j! nes-3 of Congiess, and Congress*alone, to establish |
;j and uphold tluse picmsional government*; to!
!| make provision f« r the rt establishment of the na-
il rioiml authority and the revival of State loyalty; to j
m..ke good the ^uaiantee of a republican fonn of ;
si ={o v eminent to each main sent State. 1 u short, not j
o. !y to enact laws but to provide for the putting j
in ixeeution of all laws necessary to cany into
eifect the powers granted. And hence i hold u
to be the duty of Congress to provide for the
pacification of the rebel States and their read-
mission into the Union, and not to leave this most
important and delicate matter floating in the pub-
lic mind in the haze of doubt and uncertainty be-
tween the supposed claims of the President and
those of Congress. We need not doubt that
whatever we see fit to enact will be approved and
c u re d out by ih- Pi evident. We cannot be mm e
i !-'y ;mX! his th<o> he t;> fix upon a stable, fii rn
)• ' ; v Jim >  • s'oj I jk'.u'e a i i d U i 11 o O ; htU \\ 0 I'Uiillt
,i> i !o our i\<> to she oe* ess'LH'S In; Will
>•! ' :,1.11 .:iy si, u; di j ,' • .!e ii'niosi mesist i hie sin-
poi,uts11.t % he w;il encounter, lo jouvnie some
soil of civil government ioi ihe subdued Suites
or distncJs; 01 to the consequences of leaving
MP h mighty (j-iestioos for him to deude. It is>
oni plain du'y to ff-t.il U>.h a uniform rule 00 the
Mibject, so fhut all may S e tieaud alike and the
s 1'oe it inedy be applied v.nh a paternal i>ut firm
a .J }es< hite hand 10 t'«u h deimquent State.
Ir 1 am ask'-d wiieitier 1 favor the scheme of
allowing one tenth or any ot.her minor pai t of the
m lie (ii'Zens <>f a State to organize a State gov-
ernment and assume to act as a State, I answer
no; and for two reasons: first, because as against
t'ie will of an actual majonty the government of
such a minority must necessai 1 iy come to a speedy
end and thus invite a renewal of the cmi war, in
that locality at kast; and second, because govern-
ment by u mino.uy is of evil example and in-
consistent with the genius of American liberty.
Whatever nuiy befall, whatever may be the re-
sult of the present great struggle, we cannot, we
must not abandon the principle of civil govern-
ment hy a majority. It is the vital principle of
republicanism. To renounce it is to stoop our
m'cks to the yoke of a one-man tyranny,or, what
is far worse, far more intolerable, the tyranny of
a' many-headed butindividually irresponsible oli-
garchy. On this question let us proudly and for-
ever adheie to the principles of the highest judi-
cial ttibunal of the nation, announced as from the
very cradle of American law—from the sacred
ady'us of the public faith—that " the great dis-
tinction between monarchies and republics (at
h ast our republics) in general is that in the for-
mer the monarch is considered the sovereign and
each individual of his nation as subject to him;
but in a republical^ the citizens as such are equal,
and no citizen can rightfully exercise any author-
ity over another but 111 virtue of a power consti-
tutionally given him by the whole community;
and such authority when exercised is in effect an
act of the whole community which forms such
body-politic," and that " mankind have lonj*
practiced upon the principle that a majority shall
bind the whole." I refer to the weighty words of
Judge Iredell, pronounced in 1795. As a Repub-
lican I would sooner hazard ten slaveholders9 le-
bellions than risk liberty in a government by a
minority.
I do not, because ( cannot, attach too much im-
portance to this piinciple. The will of the ma-
j uity is the soul of the Government in a republic.
This is a postulate. But when we speak of gov-
ernment by a majority we speak of a commu-
nity made up of persons loyal and faithful to it.
Ticiitors and aliens are always excluded from the
category. Their hostility or indifference to the
Government is universally admitted to be a suffi-
cient cause for their exclusion. But where, as m
some of the rebel States, there is an actual ma-
jority of the unfriendly, or where, as m others,
the numbers of the friendly and the unfriendly are
so evenly balancud as to leave a contest between
them of doubtful result, we are in fact dealing
not with a loyal but a hostile community, and
the necessity of adhering firmly to the principle
he< ■"*m"ri si;:I more manifest, in both cases the
,■ r v ;j. ae-. or ih > v, ill of the fiiendly cm be se
• tin .1 o,u> : y i> 1 irary fore employed to restrain
the will of the unftiendly. Such a government,
if intended u crvit government, u not repub-
lican in the sense of the Constitution. It i« a
government, not of fitc will, but of force. It 13
not the liouian senate, but Caesar's legions, that
jrovern—or, nuher Ceesat ;s sole will, supported
by the lances of his veterans, that gives the lav/.
1 do not condemn the employment of Jorce to
suppress rebellion, disoidei, oranaitjiy. li is
the onjy meims of defeating the uninendly pro-
jects ofa parly so stiongand dangerous. But it
is perfectly certain that such a puity, comprising
within nse:l the physical strength and the num-
bers of the State, will, the moment your mihtaiy
reptession is taken off, leap foith with an eneigy
irritated by its former subjection, and dash in
pieces a govern merit sustained only by a minority.
The withdrawal of the military arm would be but
the signal for the renewal of that reign of terror
w Inch once broodtd over the seceded States, that
daik night of tyianny and blood, beneath whose
thick clouds, tinged with the lund light of fratri-
cidal wai, the stoutest heart quailed, and the
s.troiig>jst lover of the Union grew pale. It would
be but an invitation to the guerrilla and the free-
uooier to iccoinmence his work. It would be to
let loose upon the peaceable minority all the pent-
up evil passions which produced and sustained
the war. it would be to fling open the door of
the dwelling of the once expelled but now restored
Unionist—ay, the door ot the humble dwelling
or the widow and the orphan, made such by the
rebellion—and to invite the ruffian to enter with
knife in one hand and torch in the other to reek
his vengeance upon the defenseless inmates. It
would be indeed to provoke a realization m our
own lepubiic of the tughtful visions of Catiline,
who, cuising his country which he could not
destioy, and defying the senate whose timidity
sub toiriated him 111 Ins seat, exclaimed of the
future of Rome—
'• Louk to jour hearths, my lords ; for there
Tlieneeiortii shall  U, ins-teud ol household gods,
Ail ?lhuiiusauU crime:-;
War, treachery, will) his tmisty dagger drawn,
cni-p.cton poisoning Ins biotiier'p cup,
N.tk.jd rebellion, with torch and axe
Makiog his wildftport ol your blazing homes,
Till anarchy come down on you like night l}>
Who that has a heart throbbing with sympa-
thy for the sufferings of southern Unionists will
thus expose them to the vengeance of their ene-
mies? What friend of the honor of this na*
tion,an honor that should be eternally as bright
and spotless as burnished gold, on which neither
time nor chance can fix a stain, can willingly
subject them to another reign of terror or to the
chance of such an exposure ? The measure now
before you proposes to acknowledge eight thou-
sand citizens of Louisiana as the State, and to
give them the rights and privileges exercised by
a voting population of more than fifty thousand
m 1«60. Eight thousand are thus to give the law
or assume to give it to forty-two thousand—to
moie than five times their number. This they
may do so long as their decrees are sustained by
the presence and consent of a competent military
foice; but we all know, both parties there know,
the world knows, and, sir, posterity will know,
that it is not the eight thousand who govern the
State, but the fear of the bayonet, and the fear is
inspired solely by the President of the United
States, as (Tbmmunder-in-Chief of the Army and
iNavy ! Disguise it, or attempt to disgui&e it, as we
may, to this complexion doth it come at last.
Yes, sir, both the eight thousand and the forty-
two thousand voters are governed not by them'-
selves, but by the bayonet! And this is at pres-
ent the only government in Louisiana. The ob-
ject of the present measure is to continue this
hybrid, unnatural government there. It allows
the meager and almost contemptible piopottion
of less than one sixth of the voting population to
govern the whole State, and to have the influence
of the whole State 111 our legislation here, while
we know that if the military foiees were with-
drawn that privileged one sixth part would be
swept away like chalf bciore the hurucane breath
of the enraged majority. Sir, such a government
is the muest buuble, especially if unsustained
by military power. This is loo obvious to need
furiher comment.
To preserve order, therefore, and to prevent
anarchy und crime, to avert the direst of calami-
ties, a social war, that devastates and mind<jisa!l •
before it, from ihe hearth-stone to the altar of God,
and yolls in horrid ooneeri with the gtfmus ©f
