330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
been constructed through a State like New Jersey,
not'then with the population that now teems upon
her fields, and terminating in the cities of Philadel-
phia and New York, not then as now numbering
apopulation by millions, but cities almostin their
infancy comparatively. It was exceedingly doubt-
ful whethereitheroftheseenterprises would prove
to be lucrative on the part of the corporators.
What did New Jersey say? What was she
obliged to say? What was her object in saying
it? She wanted a railroad between Philadelphia
and New York; she wanted canal transportation
between those two termini; it was not only im-
portant to her, and it was not only important to
Pennsylvania and New York; it was important
to the United States. Every man who came
from the West, traveling north to the East, and
every man who came from the opposite quarter
traveling West, and every man who had any mer-
chandise to send of any description from west to
east or east to west, was interested in having a
mode of transportation for himself and merchan-
dise through New Jersey. New Jersey, then,
actuated by that enlightened policy which 1 think
has illustrated hw career, and by that patriotic
policy which has illustrated her career from the
beginning of her existence as a State, during the
period of the revolutionary struggle down to the
present time, determined that she would, if she
could, have made through her limits a railroad and
a canal which would operate so beneficially not
only for herself but for the rest of the country.
But how to do it was the question.
This enterprise required an expenditure of mil-
lions; she could not make the expenditure, she
had not the means of making the expenditure,
without very heavy and onerous taxation. Who
would make it? Individuals. How could they
be induced to do it? By giving them a charter
that promised to make the railroad and the canal,
when they should be constructed, profitable.
How was that to be accomplished? There were
two ways to accomplish it: the first was to author-
ize them to levy any amount by way of toll that
they might think proper; the other was to guard
them against all competition. It was better, in
her judgment, and, as I think, she decided right,
that she should hold out the latter motive to the
individuals who might be willing to construct this
railroad and this canal, because to tax by a heavy
imposition of toll would be not only to injure her
citizens who might want to travel on these im-
provements, but would he to injure us and the
other citizens of the United States who might
want to travel and to transport their merchandise
upon them. A smaller tax might be made suffi-
ciently remunerative and satisfactory, and asuffi-
cicnt inducement to engage in the enterprise, pro-
vided the parties were secured as against the
injurious rftect of competition.
Now, Mr. President, a word or two will show,
as 1 think, that New Jersey had a right to do
both. New Jersey was under no obligation to
make a road or a canal. I suppose that will be
admitted. There is nothing in the Constitution
of the United States which compels New Jersey
to spend a dollar for the benefit of other States,
to spend a dollar in the construction of roads or
canals in her own State. What she does for the
benefit of her own citizens she is authorized to
do, and may be compelled to do, not by the Uni-
ted States, but by the influence of her own pop-
ulation. They elect her Legislature; and if they,
the people of New Jersey, are willing to have
roads constructed, they, the people, will instruct
the members of their Legislature to construct
any particular road or canal that they want, bnt
the United States have no right to interfere. If
New Jersey was not under any obligation to the
United States, or any citizen whatever living in
any other State, to construct a road or canal in
1830, when these two improvements were au-
thorized, and she determined upon constructing
a road and canal, had she not a right to cay upon
what terms she would authorize them to be con-
structed? Who can doubt that? She had the
power to make either of these improvements, and
nobody had a right to enforce as against her the
execution of that power. It was a power confided
to herown sole discretion; and being in the full and
unlimited possession of the power, sin* had a 1 ight
to exertitjust, in the manner she thought proper;
and if she, in her judgment, behoved that she j
could make this road by means of thu chatter.
and by force of all the provisions contained in the
charter, including that provision which secures
the company as against competition, who had a
right to complain of it? Can the corporators com-
plain after they have got the charter? I suppose
that question answers itself. And if they cannot
complain, who else can complain?
My fnen4 from Michigan is a citizen of the
United States, but a citizen of Michigan. He
wants to come to Washington. He gets to the
eastern limit of New Jersey and he insists upon
the right to come through. When he gets there,
there is no road to bring him through. What is
he to do? File a bill in equity against the State
of New Jersey to compel the specific perform-
ance of some duty which she owes to the United
States, to compel New Jersey to make a road
over which my friend from Michigan can travel to
Washington or from Washington home ? Cer-
tainly not. When he gets there, and there is no
road, does he stand in a stronger relation to the
government of New Jersey than every Jersey-
man stands in relation to that government? And
if no Jerseyman could complain that New Jersey
had not provided for a road through her limits,
it would follow necessarily that my fticnd could
not complain that she was without such a road
and that he had to foot it the best way he could.
But the question, as I think, is not open to seri-
ous doubt. I have said that being under no obli-
gation to make a road atall, being because of the
absence of any obligation to make a road clothed
with the power to excrcise unlimited discretion
in making a road, she had a right to determine
upon what terms she would make it. She has
made it, and she has authorized some of these
companies to charge toll. When the honorable
member gets to the eastern limit of that State, has
he a right to come through New Jersey upon that
road without paying toll? How was it before the
system of railroads was adopted ? How were the
turnpike roads made? Not by any act of Con-
gross; not by any power supposed to be derived
to the States by any act of Congress, but by va-
lue of a power antecedently existing in the States,
not surrendered by the Constitution of the United
States to the Government of the United States,
and therefore remaining just as effective and
operative as it would have been if the Constitu-
tion of the United States never had been adopted.
Does anybody doubt that upon those turnpikes,
such as were made in all the States of the Union
before the railroad system was adopted, no man
had a right to travel without paying toll? That
question also, I presume, is too clear for debate.
Then, if you cannot travel upon a railroad or a
turnpike without conforming to that provision to
be found in the charter under which turnpikes or
railroads are made that authorizes the companies
to charge toll either for the transportation of pas-
sengers or the transportation of merchandise,
what right have you to complatn—I mean legal
right, constitutional right? You may think it un-
kind in New Jersey, a want of comity, the ab-
sence of an enlightened policy, that she will have
her system of railtoads such as it is now; but
what right have you to complain that you are
placed in the position of all the citizens of the
State of New Jersey, and all theothei citizens of
the countiy at laige?
Why, Mr. President, if you do not pass this
bill cannot these companies surrender their char-
ters to New Jersey to-morrow, and then can she
not close the road permanently, and permanently
close the canal? 1 suppose nobody doubts that;
and if New Jersey could do both, or either, it is
only because over the construction of a road or a
canal the jurisdiction of a State is not concur-
rent with any jurisdiction possessed by the Uni-
ted States, but is exclusive of all power on the
part of the United States.
When Now Jersey passed her act chartering
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company, on
the 5th of February, 1830, and by the same act
chaitcied the Delaware and Raritan Canal Com-
pany, she granted them certain, privileges. The
tail toad company was authorized to charge ten
cents a mile on each passenger and ten cents on
each ton of metchandise. There was a provision
in that charter, however, which gave to the State
a light to take the load or the canal at any time
duringthe. thirty years for which the charter was
granted upon a valuation; the State was an incor-
porator to the extentofa thousand shares, I think,
and she was entitled by the original act of course
to all the dividends thai those one thousand shares
would earn. Soon, however, the companies and
the State became satisfied that it would be-to the
advantage of both parties, the coiporations and
the State, that there should be a change in the
charter. Several changes were made, but it is
only material to my purpose to mention two. The
rate of tolls has been decreased to three cents a
mile for the through travel, and the company hav-
ing accepted the change have no right now to
charge more than three cents; and the State, in
consideration of the company giving up the right
to charge the tolls which they were authorized to
charge by the original act, agreed to waive her
right to take the road and the canal at any time
before the expiration of another period, and ex-
tended the charters to 1861). They have now,
theiefore, to run four years. The companies stip-
ulated to pay a certain sum in gross, no matter
what might be the receipts; that is to say, pro-
vided the receipts did not give such a sum as the
State desired, she was to have in all events a spe-
cified amount—I forget what it was; but 1 think
about thirty thousand dolhuw a year.
But the State did more. The companies had
her charter, with which she had no right tointer-
feie, as I am sure all Senators understand very
well—certainly all tho lawyers in the body do.
The State could not alter the charter; overy pro-
vision of it was good as long as the charter lasted.
The State could not induce the companies to sur-
render their right of charging the toll which they
were authorized to charge by the original charter
of 1830, by alone waiving tho right to take the
road and the canal until 1869, but had to go hu ther
and give them the benefit of another provision,
and that was that during the entire period which
might elapse from the acceptance of the supple-
mentary act of 1832 until 1869 the State would
authorize no road or canal to be made which could
competeatall with this road and this canal. That
has all been done; that was done in 1832.
Then how does the State stand? 1 will takft
the ease of one company, for it is fatiguing to
mention both. She has granted to the C mden
and Amboy Railroad Company a charter which
authorized them to construct and keep running
up to 1869 a railroad between Camden and Am-
boy; she has said that in consideration of liie
company agreeing to charge only three cents—
more than two thirds less than they were authoi-
ized to charge—in consideration of their agreeing
so to release a right which the State had giver,
them, and over which she had no further control,
which right stood protected by the United States
as a contract, she would agree upon her part that
she would not, during the whole period from 1832
to 1860, construct or authorize the construction of
any other road which should compete at ali with
the road of this company. 1 suppose there is no
doubt that the State had a right to make that
agieement.
There have been some doubts as to the extent
of the provision of the Constitution of the United
States which prohibits the States from passing any
laws impairing the obligations of contracts, in
the beginning of the Government it was supposed
that it did not apply to anything assuming the
form of a contract to which a State was a party;
and therefore no legislation constituting a com-
pany,or makinga grantof land, and entering into
stipulations with the grantee on the part of the
State, was by some supposed to be embraced by
tho prohibition against the States impaiiing the
obligation of contracts. But in the case of the
State of New Jetscy vs. Wilson, reported in 7
Cranch,and recognized ever since by all subse-
quent cases, the Supreme Court decided that the
contract made in that case was protected. What
was that? It was a very strong case, and about
which agood deal might have been satd at the time,
and agood deal was said. There were differences
of opinion—not on the bench, for the court was
unanimous,butat the bar—whetherthat contiact,
if it could be called a contract, was binding atall
upon the State, on the ground that it was a con-
tract which the State had no right to enter into.
The State of New Jersey took possession of cer-
tain lands belonging to Indians within her limits,
and agreed to puichase foi them other lands,and
agreed that the other lands which she was to pur-
chase should not be subject to the taxing power of
the State. The Indians sold those lands, and they
