1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the Judiciary—and in the conclusion to which they
came I concurred—were of opinion that under
the circumstances in which the State was at the
period when these proceedings were had, she
could not be recognized as a State of the United
States under that constitution adopted in 1864,
except by an act of Congress. The committee
were of opinion that it was not in the power of
the Executive under the circumstances to bring
the State back under that constitution. They
were of opinion, however, that it was competent
for Congress to do so, and the only question be-
fore the committee was, whether, under the cir-
cumstances in which the State was at the time,
it was not the duty of Congress to bring the State
back so as to have her represented in the Union.
The objection to the conclusion of the commit-
tee—an objection which had great weight with me
in the beginning—was that the proceedings which
led to the adoption of the constitution were insti-
tuted at the instance and under the power of the
military authorities of the United States. The
precedent was apparently a bad one, it was really
a bad one; and the proposition upon which we
were called to decide was whether, if we were
satisfied that the number of votes said to have
been cast were in fact cast, and the persons voting
were loyal citizens, we should deny to them the
privilege of being represented in the councils of the
nation, and on the contrary should subject them
to a continuance of the military power. My im-
pression is that, no matter how the proceedings
were instituted, whether it was by the military au-
thority, or by the coming together of the people of
the State, if m point of fact the peopleof the State
did act voluntarily and were competent to act
under the original constitution, and were autho-
rized to act by being loyal at the lime they did
act, it is the duty of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to receive them back.
Another objection was that, however true it
might be that it would be in the power of all the
voters of the State to adopt a constitution for
themselves, or to claim the light of coming back
to the Union under the constitution existing at
the time of the rebellion, it was not true that it
was in the power of fourteen thousand four hun-
dred and fourteen voters, when the entire voting
population of the State was fifty-one thousand,
to take that couise. As it seemed to me then,
and seems now, there is no evidence to show that
a single citizen of Louisiana was excluded from
the right of voting. It by no means follows that
there was an exclusion either in point of fact, or
if in point of fact, that the exclusion was a legal
one, because the vote of eleven thousand is much
less than the\ote thutcould have been cast before
the rebellion commenced. First, as to the fact,
where arc the fifty-one thousand voters less the
eleven thousand? This war commenced in 1861,
and these proceedings were had m 1864. Do we
not know that the greater proportion of the fight-
ing, and therefore, m a great measure, the voting
population of Louisiana entered into the military
service of the confederate government? Do we
not know that the result of their entering into
that service is that nine tenths of them have for-
feited their lives upon the battle-field; and do we
n-ot know also that those who were beyond the
age of military service or under the age of mili-
tary scrvice have gone elsewhere, or if they re-
main in the State, that they have remained in the
State not as loyal citizens of the United States,
but as disloyal citizens? So then it by no means
follows that the number of votes cast is not a
large majority of the actual number of voters to
be now found in the State of Louisiana, or how-
ever doubtful that may be, it is not only not cer-
tain, but the opposite fact would seem to be much
more probable, that there was a single person ex-
cluded fiom the privilege of voting who should
have been entitled to vote, if it be ti ue that those
who have been in the military and naval service
of the confederates, or who have been in any way
instrumental in bringing about or assisting the re-
bellion, should not be entitled to vote; and I un-
derstand the Senators on the other side who ob-
ject to the admission of Louisiana into the Union
are of that opinion.
That being the case, Mr. President, another
tiling is to be considered. What was the condi-
uonjpf the loyal citizens of &Omsiana, in the rela-
tion in which they stand to the Government t>f
the United States, by the act of secession? Bid
they cease to be citizens of the United States?
Nobody pretends that. If loyal, were they not
entitled to be protected by the power of the United
StatesJ If loyal, is it to be said of them that they
have forfeited any of the rights which belong to
them before the rebellion commenced? I suppose
nobody will say that. None of the laws of the
United States have been violated by them; no ob-
ligation imposed upon them by the Constitution
of the United States has been violated, but on the
contrary observed. They have been kept from
expressing their opinion by the power of the re-
bellion. They have had no voice by which they
could ask to be admitted into the Union, because
to speak such a desire was to subject themselves
to punishment. They remained, however, loyal
in point of fact; they remained entitled to the pro-
tection of the United States, and when the pro-
tection of the United States was afforded them
and they saw that they could speak their senti-
ments without hazard, they met at their several
election polls, organized their government under
the existing constitution, and then, wishing to
change it, met in convention and adopted the con-
stitution which is now before us. Why should
we not receive it?
I suppose no one will deny that it is just as
much m the power of the people of Louisiana, or
of any one of the seceded States, when they are
entitled to vote, either before they come back or
after they are received into the Union, to change
their existing constitution. They have exercised
an inherent right belonging to the American citi-
zen; and he who questions the right of the eleven
thousand men who have met together and adopted
this constitution, questions it upon the ground,
not that it is not a right which they originally
held, but because there are others who have not
joined in asserting it; and who are those others?
Those who are in arms against the United States,
men whom you would not receive if they were
elected as members of the other House or ap-
pointed as Senators to this body, men who could
not be received because they would be unable to
comply with the provisions of a statute which
you say, no doubt correctly, you had the author-
ity to pass.
Now, if it be true that the secession ordinance
had no operation to carry the State out, and that
I understand even the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] admitted last night; if it be
true that the State is in the Union notwithstand-
ing the ordinance, then the only question to be
considered is, who are the people of Louisiana
that are to exercise the sovereign authority be-
longing to the State ofLouisiana? Are they the
loyal or the disloyal? There can be but one an-
swer to that inquiry. It must only be the loyal.
I f the State is not to be brought back m the way
provided for by this joint resolution, in what
way can the State come hack? The honorable
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] in his
speech this morning admitted that it is not in the
power of the United States to change the terri-
torial limits of the States that have gone out, be-
cause the Constitution prohibits it. If he had
thought for a momesit ne would have seen that
the Constitution equally prohibits any interfer-
ence on the part of the General Government with
the exercise of the right of suffrage in a State.
He and the memberfrom Massachusetts who in-
timated his opinion last night, seem to suppose
that under the Constitution of the United States
Congress has the authority to interfere for some
general undefined purpose with the exercise of
the right of suffrage. I never heard it intimated
before. The provision of the Constitution on
that subject is, I submit, with due deference to the
honorable members who entertain a different opin-
ion, too clear for serious question. The fourth
section of the first article says that;
" The times', places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives >ha!i be prescribed in each
►State by the Legislature thereof, but the Congie^ may, at
anytime, bylaw, make or filter such regulations except
as to tlx; places of choosing Senators."
That is to say, the whole power of Congress
over the subject of the time, the place, and the
manner of holding these elections is to alter the
regulations of the State; but how the election is
to be held with reference to those who are to vote
is not only not given to Congress by what I have
just read, is not only, according to my interpre-
tation of it, evidently excluded, but if there was
any doubt on that question it would be solved by
reference to the second section of the same article,
which provides that:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year b^ the people of the
several States, and the electors m each Stale have
the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numer-
ous branch of the State Legislature."
Does the Constitution in any portion of it say
what those qualifications are? if the Constitu-
tion does not give to Congress the authonty to
prescribe the qualifications%r electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislatures, and
if the Constitution itself does not prescribe those
qualifications, it necessarily follows that the only
authority in relation to the qualifications of elect-
ors is the authority possessed by the States.
That is obvious, if there could be any doubt on the
subject, by another consideration. What were
the States before the Constitution was adopted ?
Had anybody a right to say who were to vote for
Representatives or Senators of the State Legis-
latures except the State? That is very clear; and
when they agreed to go into convention, and the
people of the States "to whom the adoption of the
Constitution was submitted determined upon rati-
fying the Constitution, and by so doing made
it a Constitution of Government for the United
States, they not only in terms excluded any au-
thority to interfere with the qualifications of elect-
ors for members of the State Legislatures, but
guarded more effectually against it by providing
in one of the amendments that the powers not
delegated were to be considered as reserved to tlfe
States or the people of the States respectively.
Then, if it be true that the qualification which
an elector is to have to choose the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature is to be prescribed
by the State, what authority has Congress to in-
terfere with it, and what has been the practical
operation? 1 never heard it intimated, until the
intimation fell from the honorable member from
Massachusetts, that any authority under the Gov-
ernment of the United States existed to that ex-
tent. What have the western States done? Many
of them have admitted to the right of suffrage
other than citizens; they have given it to male in-
habitants. All of them almost—and that state-
ment is equally applicable to some of the original
States—have given it exclusively only to persons
of a particular race, the white race, excluding the
black. New York does it; Vermont does it; Con-
necticut does it; Michigan does n; Illinois does
it; Ohio does it; Nevada does it; Cahfornifl does
it; Maryland does it; and nearly all the States;
and nobody ever supposed that they had not the
power to exclude the black race, or any portion
of the white race that they might think proper in
the exercise of their sovereign power to exclude.
In other words, the entire authority is in the
people of the State, and it is for the people of the
State to say who shall exercise the nght of suf- .
frage; and it would be monstrous to hold that,
because they admitted or excluded any portion
of the people of their State into or from the exer-
cise of the right of suffrage, their government was
not republican in point of form.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question if he will allow me.
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. POWELL. I fully concur with the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland when he asserts
that the peopleof a State, m the exeiciseof their
sovereignty, and they alone, have the right to
piescnbe the qualifications of voters. I now wish
to know by what authority General Banks and
the President undertook to prescribe the qualifi-
cations of voters in Louisiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 thought I had anticipated
that in the beginning, i did not put it on the
ground of General Banks's proceeding. What 1
mean to say is that these 11,414 voteis were, ac-
cording to the proof before us, all loyal men and
entitled to vote by the original constitution of
Louisiana, no matter how they were brought
together; whether they were brought together
under the authority of the President's amnesty
proclamation, or whether they were brought to-
gether at the instance and authority of General
Banks, in my view, makes no difference. If, com-
ing togethei, they did an act which they would
have be< n author.zed to do if they had come to-
gether voluntarily, we ought to re<*« ive them.
Mr. POWELL. Allow nie to Hfk the Senator,
what right have we to presume that rheie may
not have been twelve thousand loynl votersm Ui-e
