1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
came into the hands of the parties who were in
possession of them, and who were parties to the
«ase which I have just mentioned, and the ques-
tion before theSupreme Court of the United-States,
■on appeal from the courts of New Jersey, was
whether it was competent for the State to surren-
der at all the taxing power-, whether it was not
simply void legislation, not because of any clause
-of the Constitution of the United States, but be-
cause of the nature of the power itself. It was
imagined to be a power so necessary to State ex-
istence, that a State could not deprive herself of it.
The Supreme Court, however, decided that in that
case the agreement was a contract, and therefore
protected by the constitutional inhibition upon the
States uitei'fering with contracts.
{ shall not fatigue the Senate by referring to
-other cases. That case has been recognized by
«very judicial decision pronounced by the Su-
preme Court since. Precisely the same question
was involved and decided in a case before the
Supreme Couit so recently as 3 Howard. Ma-
ryland wanted 10 make a road fiom Baltimoieto
Cumberland to strike the national road; and it
was that system which made Baltimore what she
was before the system of railroads was adopted.
The State had not the money to make the road;
but she had banking institutions, and she had
persons who were anxious to enjoy banking fa-
cilities, and she lenewed the charters of the exist-
ing batiks and has authorized other banks to be
instituted, provided, as a condition of their char-
ters, that they should pay a certain amount as a
fund to be appropriated to the construction of
those roads. The State claimed the right to im-
pose an additional tax. The question came up to
the Supremo Couvt of the United States in the
case of Gordon vs. the Tax Court; and the Su-
preme Court unanimously held that Maryland,
in the fust place, had a right to agree with these
bunking institutions for the consideration stated
ill their charter; that is to say, if they would give
their money to beappropriated to the construction
of these improvements, she in consideration
tlieieof would impose 110 furthertaxesupon them
dining the continuance of their charter. The
court were unanimous. The same doctrine was
maintained in the prior case of Dartmouth Col-
lege, reported in 4 Wheaton.
Now, Mr. President, if I am right so far, what
does this bill do? It says, no matter what are
the limitations, to be found in any railroad char-
ter, no matter what they are prohibited from do-
ing, whether,among other things, they are prohib-
ited from carrying upon and over their road, their
connections, their boats, their bridges, or their
ferries, all freight, all property, all mails, all pas-
sengers, all troops and Government supplies, or
are prohibited from carrying over such improve-
ment any particular freight, any particular prop-
erty, or any particular class of passengers or
troops, they are to have that privilege by virtue
of this act. Is not that altering the franchise? If
you have a right to do it, what is the effect of it?
Does it not last just as long as the propiietors of
the road desire to have itcontinued? If New Jer-
sey goes to any particular company not author-
ized by her charter to do those things, and claims
and asserts that they are doing what the charter
does notautlionze; that they aiecarrying passen-
gers when theyare unauthorized by their charter
to carry passengers at all; or they are carrying
passengers between termini between which they
are not authorized to carry them by their charter-,
and that the charter is forfeited by reason of that
abuse of the franchise; they answer £< Congress
tells us, in spite of you, that we are authorized to
do that which you did not authorize us to do. and
although we abuse your charter in point of fact,
step beyond the limits of the franchise; although
you acted honestly with us in limiting the fran-
chise, and supposed that that limitation would be
observed by us; and although you granted the
charter upon conditions that the limitation would
be observed, we do not mean to observe it now.
We will claim all the privileges you have granted
to us, and we will get rid of the limitations im-
posed in the charter gianting us those benefits,
under the authority of Congress."
It is even a greater power than authorizing the
road to be made. It is denying to the State the
right to make roads of tins description as she
thinks they ought to be made, because to admit
that she has a right to impose limitations as be-
tween herself and the,holders of the franchise,
and to hold at the same time that it is within the
power of Congress to free the holders of the fran-
chise from the obligations of the franchise, is to
tell New Jersey, (to apply it to New Jersey,)
" Your authority to make railroads is to be exer-
cised in subordination to our authority to extend
the privileges and to do away with the conditions
without which you never would have authorized
the roads to have been made at all."
Under this bill they are authorized to receive,
for the transportation over their road of what by
it they are authorized to transport, compensation.
"What compensation? How is it to be regulated?
What limitation is there upon it? The charter
has 110 limitation, because (according to the as-
sumption I have made, that this is to apply to a
road which is not authorized to carry passengers
and freight through,) the charter does not author-
ize them to charge at all for carrying passengers
and freight through. Then, if there is no author-
ity in the charter to carry passengers and freight
from one terminus to the other, there is no limit-
ation in the charter upon the right to carry such
passengers or freight; and as you are about to
authorize them to carry passengers and freight,
and to receive compensation therefor, without
limiting the compensation which they are to re-
ceive, you are about to give them the authority
to charge just what they please.
1 do not know that that is the purpose of the
framers of the bill, but that is the effect of it.
Then you place New Jersey in this situation;
she thought it advisable, and experience lias
pioved that it was sufficient for the purpose of
the improvement, that there should be a limita-
tion; you come 111 and say that with reference to
a certain description of work upon the road, trans-
porting passengers or transporting freight, there
shall be no limitation, but that, on the contrary,
any company to whom this bill may be applica-
ble can charge just what they please.
I do not know, because as yet, except in very
general terms, the authority of Congiess to pass
this act has not been placed upon any particular
ground, upon what grounds the friends of this
bill suppose the power to pass it is to be found.
Is it to be found in the authority to establish post
roads? As I have said, it is rather too late in the
day to claim this particular power under that
clause of the Constitution. The settled doctrine
on the subject has been that it gives 110 power of
that kind at all. That is a power to designate
some existing road and nothing else, and was nut
intended to take from the States the authority to
stop the road at any time it thought proper.
The security against public mischief to result
fiom it 19 in the interest which every State has in
having a connection by these improvements with
its own roads or over others. It appeals—and
that was supposed to be a sufficient guarantee
against abuse—not only to the motive of pecu-
niary interest, but to the motive of a high and
elevated patriotism, the love of country, the love
of neighbor; and our fathers thought that the
latter would be abundantly sufficient to secure a
free communication between the different sections
of the country.
It may be said that New Jersey has no right
to say that a citizen from Michigan or from Mas-
sachusetts shall not come through her territory.
It will be sufficient to argue that question when
New Jersey says it. She has not said any such
thing. If New Jersey is under no obligation to
make roads, and particulai ly under no obligation
to make the particular roads which are complained
of, the Camden and Arnboy railroad, and the
Delaware and Rantan canal, all that she has done
by making them is to say that a certain descrip-
tion of travel thiough her territory may be made
upon that road and "upon that canal; but she has
not said that unless you go upon the canal or upon
the road you cannot go thiough her territory.
Go upon the other road; it' she has turnpikes
resort to the turnpikes; if she has no turnpikes
travel what arc called the country roads; if she
lias no country roads walk through. If such a
suicidal policy was adopted by New Jersey yon
would nut suffer half as much .is New Jersey. It
would make her a wilderness if she adopted a
policy of that description. She is bound, witha
view almost to her own existence, certainly to
the promotion of her own prospenty, to furnish
the means by which travel into or through her
territory from the other States may be made; but'
she is under no obligation to say that she will •
spend her money to give you a favorite mode of
transportation except upon her own terms. She
is under no obligation to make these roads at all.
She has resorted to the other mode of making
them to which all the States of the Union have
resorted. She has constituted companies, and
clothed those companies with the authority to
exercise eminent domain in order to get the right
of way over which the roads are to pass.1 It was-
at one time doubted whether that right of eminent
domain could be transferred, but that doubt has
long since been set at rest. Each State can take-
private property for public uses independent of
any express authority. It is an inherent right of
sovereignty, and every State has the authority to
do it upon making compensation; and ithas been
uniformly held from the beginning of the system
of roads of every description and of canals,-that
the State having the authority to do it herself, can
do it by means of private companies chartered for
the purpose; although one of the effects of such
enterprises is the benefit of the particular corpo-
rators, the public interest is so far promoted that
it well falls within the povver which a State has
to take private property for public use.
I have no interest in these companies, not the
slightest. 1 wish it suited the policy, of New#
Jersey to have a railroad through every county
of the State; but that is a matter for herself to
decide. , ,
It is said that she has exacted from the citizens
of other States a tax for the privilege of passing
over her own territory. That is not so. I do not
know what the particular provision of the I*few
Jersey chaiter is, but I know what the provision
in the charter under which the road from here to
Baltimore has been made is. The State of Mary-
land authorizes the company to charge a certain
amountof toll per mile for passengeis and freight.
That she has a right to do, and nobody has a
right to complain. The honorable member from
Michigan [Mr. Ciiandlek] would not complain
if the charter provided that the whole amount of
that charge was to go into the exchequer of the
company; but his complaint is that Maryland in
the one case, or New Jersey in the other, is de-
riving benefit by getting a part of the toll which
the companies arc authorized to charge. Has she
not a right to do it? If she has a ri^ht to make
a charge without the payment of which no man
has a right to travel upon the road, who has a
right to complain of the manner in which she dis-
poses of the money which she may receive from
the operation of the road? Whether she gives it
to the corporators individually, or whether she
says that it is to be shared in certain proportions
between the corporators and the State, nobody
has a right to complain.
The only ground of complaint—not a legal
ground of complaint—would be one resting on the
assumption of its being a want of proper policy,
charging more than should be charged; but what
is to be done with the amount isa matter between
the State granting the franchise and the corpo-
rators tinder the franchise. In fact, in legal in-
tendment, when a charter of this description is
made, the Slate granting the charter becomes
quasi a corporator. The individual passenger
pays on going from here to Baltimore gl 50 foi the
privilege of going expeditiously, with increased
safety, at all hours of the day and night. The
company have said that tiiey will make a road
and they will transport. TheStatcsays, " Make
the road and transport, and you shall have the
privilege to charge $1 50 upon -eaco. passenger
transported either way, and you and I will share
in that jjl 50 in the proportion of one fifth to four
fifths;" that is to say, Maryland is quasi a cor-
porator as far as that is concerned. 1 do not know
the provision m the New Jeisey charters, but I
suppose it is substantially the same.
Then the question comes around to and at last
results 111 the proposition I have stated in the be-
ginning: was New Jersey under any obligation
, to make that road? Everybody must say no.
[ Had anybody else a right to make it except under
the authority of New Jersey? I think every body
I inustanswei- no. If there was 110 obligation upon
I her to make it, and nobod y else but herself could
i make it or authorize it to be made, then she had a
j right to say upon what terms she would make it;
i and he who undertakes to make it, or does make
