1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
two thirds. It was defeated only a few days ago
by a majority of one; and everybody knows that
they are about to authorize it. They will have
from two to three hundred thousand in the rebel
service. The honorable member thinks not. That
is a difference of opinion between him and those
by whom the negroes are better known, perhaps.
I doubt it; that is to say, I doubt whether they
will be true to that flag; but they may hold out
temptations to them which will make them true.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think they
can organize two hundred thousand negroes?
Mr. JOHNSON. I think so, because they think
so. Why not?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think as they do.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know you do not, and I
do not think you have ever done so; but that does
not necessarily show that they are wrong. But
suppose it is done, what are you going; to do with
those negroes when they come back? Would you
let them vote ? or will you treat them just as you
treat the disloyal whites? Will you not treat them
as traitors? They are traitors. I have endeav-
ored to satisfy the Senate, and I believe tiie Sen-
ate are generally of the opinion, that they do owe
allegiance to the United States, and may be made
soldiers of to protect the United States; but if they
raise their arms against the United States they
are as much guilty of treason as the white man.
They will stand in need of the President's am-
nesty proclamation; and if the President shall,
and no doubt he would, protect them by pardon-
ing them, I want to know from the honorable
member whether he would let them vote.
Mr. President, the idea that under the Consti-
tution of the United States you can interfere with
any of the rights of the States is an idea first
started in the last two or three years. The con-
solidation to which the honorable member re-
ferred last night, to be found mentioned in the
letterof General Washington presenting the pro-
ceedings of the Convention to the several Legis-
tures, was not the consolidation that is in the mind
of the honorable member. All that he meant was
that the Union existing under the Articles of Con-
federation was made a stronger and more consoli-
dated Union than it was under those Articles.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator the text be-
fore him ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, I have not.
Mr. SUMNER. I have it, and if the Senator
has no objection, I will read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not the slightest.
Mr. SUMNER. The language of Washing-
ton is as follows. It iy in his letter bearing date
September 17, 1787, addressed to the Congress of
the United States, and covering the Constitution
as adopted by the Convention. He says:
"It is obviously impracticable in the Fedeial Govern-
ment of those States to seeure all rig-tits of independent
sovereignty to each, and yet provide fur ilie mlet est and
safety of ail. Individuals entering into society mu*t «nve
up a share of liberty to preserve tue re-=t. The magnitude
of the sacrifice lii'tat depend as well on situation and cir-
cumstanee as on the object to be obtained."
He then goes on, toward the close, as follows:
"In a!! our deliberations on this ^u!tj"et we kept steadily
in view lli.it which appear* to us the greatest interest o"f
every true American—trie consolidation of our Union, m
which is involved our protpeuty, lehcity, &afety, perhaps
our national existence.-'
iVI r. JOHNSON. • That is to say, to strengthen
tiie Union; to render its destruction almost im-
possible.
Mr. SUMNER. Absolutely impossible.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; it it* not impossible. It
has been tried,and we arenow trying to preserve
it. But does the honorable member mean to say
that General Washington, by that letter, intended
to announce as the true doctrine of the Constitu-
tion that the Government was a consolidated Gov-
ernment in the ordinary acceptation of the term,
and invested with all the powers which belong to
<one single Government ? I am sure he does not
mean that.
Mr, SUMNER. I rather think that the first
time this word was used in our country was by
Washington, and therefore whatever meaning it
has must be found in his text. He uses the teim,
the consolidation of our Union." 1 am not
aware that it was used before, and so far as it
has been used since it has been a quotation from
Washington.
Mr- JOHNSON. If th^^onorable member is
sincere (and i have no ri^lfrto doubt his sincer-
ity) in supposing that Washington intended by
that expression to announce as the true theory
of the Constitution that the Government of the
Union was one Government, possessed with all
the powers of Government, belonging to one sin-
gle Government, he is at war with the acts of
General Washington. When the first act of in-
corporation from the United States was projected
by Hamilton and was finally passed by Congress
he called for the opinion of his several Cabinet
advisers. He had but ten days. He received
Mr. Jefferson's letter upon the subject advising
against its approval upon the want of Constitu-
tional authority to pass it, and it so startled him
that he was about to affix his negative, and but
the day before—1 speak from what 1 have heard,
and what I am sure is true from the manner in
which the fact has come to me—but the day be-
fore he announced to Mr. Hamilton his very great
apprehension that if he approved that bill he
would violate the Constitution of the United
States, and Mr. Hamilton on the preceding even-
ing of his approval sat down in his own house in
Philadelphiaateighfc o'clock in the afternoon, and
there he remained upon his seat until the sunlight
came in writing the report which satisfied Wash-
ington that Congress had the authority to estab-
lish a corporation. It is obvious he could not
have doubted upon that question at all if he had
considered that the Government of the United
States was a consolidated Government in the
sense in which the honorable member under-
stands it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I understand it only in the sense of Washington,
that is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is begging the ques-
tion. 1 do not know that the honorable member
knows how Washington understood it better than
anybody else; and what did he mean is the ques-
tion. What I mean to say is this: that he could
not have meant what the honorable member seems
to suppose he did mean, because, if he did, he
never would have hesitated about the authority
of Congress t3 charter a corporation.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator from Ma-
ryland will permit me, I will read a former part
of the letter of Washington which the Senator
from Massachusetts failed to read, showing what
General Washington meant when he used the
term " consolidation of our Union:"
"The friends of our country have long seen and desired
that the power of making war, peace, and treaties, that of
levysng money and regulating commerce, and the coires-
pondwJ't executive and judicial authorities, should be fully
and effectually vested in the General Government of the
Union; but the impropuety of delegating such extensive
trusts to one body of men"—
As was (lone under the Articles of Confedera-
tion—
"is evident: hence results the necessity of a different or-
ganization"—
Meaning the Government now formed by the
Constitution.
'• It is obviously impracticable, in the Federal Govern-
ment of these States"—
Says General Washington—
•£ to secure the rights of independent sovereignty to each,
and yet provide for tile interest and safety of all."
Alluding to the old Articles of Confederation:
" Individuals entering into society must give up a share
of liberty to preserve tiie rest. The magnitude of the sac-
rifice must depend as well 011 situation and circumstance
at, on tii- obieu to be obtained, it is at ail times difficult
to fiiaw Willi precision the ime between those rights which
11111-t be surrendered and those which may be reserved;
and on the present occasion this difficulty was increased
by a diffeience among tiie seveial dtates as to situation,
extent, habits, and particular interests."
Then it is that lie says:
In all our deliberations on this subject we kept stead-
ily in our view that which appears to us the greatest in-
terest of eveiy true American—the consolidation of our
Union—in which is involved our prosperity,felicity, safety,
perhaps our national existence."
Mr. ,TOF}NSON. Mr. President, the debates
in the Convention, and the debates in the several
State conventions to which the Constitution was
submitted,all show that they considered it a mere
delegated Government with certain limited pow-
ers, though to the extent of the delegation the
supremacy of the United States existed. Here
is what Mr. Madison says upon the effect of con-
solidation :
"That the obvious tendency and inevitable result of a
eonsniid ition of the State.- into one sovereignty would lie 1
1 to tians'orm tue republican system of the United Slates j
| into a moaarehy. is a point that seems to have been sulli-
1 ciently attested by the yenejui sentiment of America*" '
One word more, sir, and lhave done. If Con-
gress passes this resolution, and the State is ad-
mitted, no court will hereafter be able to decide
that she is not a State in the Union, and no court
therefore can call in question the validity oreffect
of any provision to be found in her constitution.
One of the provisions of this constitution is that
all the slaves of Louisiana are emancipated. Pass
this resolution, admit the State,and that provis-
ion is effectual at once. The courts will decide
that whether the State has a constitution repub-
lican in form or not, and should be admitted, is
a political question, and as Congress in the ease
supposed has decided it by admitting the State
under this constitution, the courts will hold that
emancipation in Louisiana is effectual. How
will it be otherwise, if you keep the Slate out?
Then whether those negroes are emancipated or
not will depend upon the President's proclama-
tion; and very few lawyers, as far as I know, very
few judges—certainly the President thought it
would not have that effect—ai?e of opinion that
that proclamation has any effect at all as a mere
proclamation. It operates to the extent that our
forces have got possession of the territory and the
negroes have come within the lines; but its opera-
tion beyond the lines is much more than doubt-
ful. My own individual opinion is that the courts
will all decide that the proclamation to that extent
is a nullity, or, in the language of the President,
as futile as the bull against the comet.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 will ask the Senator how
much further beyond our military lines will this
constitution of Louisiana operate than the Pres-
ident's proclamation?
Mr. JOHNSON. It operates in pointof law. If
you admit the State under this constitution you
say that this is the law of Louisiana,and nobody
can contest it. The judiciary are bound to act in
obedience to the political department of the Gov-
ernment after that department shall have acted;
and the moment you admit Louisiana into this
Union you give as much effect to the emancipa-
ting clause to be found in that constitution as has
the emancipation clause to be found in the recent
constitution of Maryland. It operates proprio
vigors, and the courts will not permit you to go
beyond it for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the constitution was adopted or not. They will
say that was a matter for Congress, and Congress
has decided it.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator from Mary-
land, who now calls iri question the validity of the
proclamation of emancipation, question that the
Supreme Court of the United States, with its pres-
ent Chief Justice, wouid affirm the complete valid-
ity of that proclamation everywhere within the
rebel States strictly according to its letter?
Mr. JOHNSON. If I am perfectly satisfied,
as lam, that the Chief Justice is abundantly capa-
ble of filling the high office he has, I do not think
he would; but whether he would or not does not
settle the question what the court would do. He
is but one of ten. Does the honorable member
suppose there is anything so towering in the
genius and learning of the Chief Justice (and I
value them just as much as he docs) that he can
bring a controlling influence upon the other nine
members of the tribunal and cause them to forget
what they have said from time to time analogic-
ally > I believe as fiunly as I believe in my ex-
istence, that if the question of the effect of that
proclamation was broughtup in a legitimate case
before the Supreme Court to-morrow, the court
would be unanimous 111 deciding that it has no
operation, if there could beany dissent, itcould
only be in the opinion of the Chief Justice; and
I only assume that because the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, who is very intimate
with him, seems to think that he might perhaps
be relied upon to hold such a doctrine.
Mr. President, southern man as 1 am, and un-
willing to interfere with the rights of the South,
as I have ever been, anxious to-day to heive the
Union preserved just as it existed, believing that
the time would come when the institution of
slavery would cease to exist by State operation,
that the people could be brought to the convic-
tion that it was not only a high moral duty, but
that in a pecuniary sense it was to their advan-
tage,and in a political sense to their ad vantage, I
am now anxious, and have been almost from ibe
beginning of the rebellion, certainly for the last
year or two, that this terrible topic of discuesioA
