332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
it* under a charter which subjects him to certain
conditions, docs not act honestly, certainly does
not act legally, unless he complies M^ith the con-
dition. If he abuses the power, transcends the
authority conferred upon him by the franchise,
the franchise will be taken from him; the road
is no longer his, and vests in the sovereign.
But here you propose to step in and say to New
Jersey, who alone could have made the road, to
whose exclusive jurisdiction the subject itself is
confided,.because not delegated by the Constitu-
tion, " It is true you had a right to make the road;
you have made it; it has been made under your
authority; you never would have authorized it
to be made except upon the conditions included
within that authority; but Congress now says to
you your limitations are wholly inoperative as
against us; it is our right not to assist anything
that you have done, not to complete your road,
not to appropriate money for the purpose if money
should he wanted, but to step in and annul the
very conditions without which you never would
have authorized the construction of the road."
"With a view to illustrate* the operation of this
bill, I. have spoken of this legislation upon that
particular road; but I warn Senators that there is
involved in this measure a principle which is de-
structive oC the sovereignty of their own States.
If you pass this measure, and it can stand judi-
cial examination—I am sure it will not; at least
I think so—you submit the authority of the States
now supposed to be exclusive to the unlimited
power of Congress, or, to use the language of that
part of the opinion of Mr. Justice McLean to
which I have just referred,
" If these limitations are to bo departed from"—
the limitations upon the power of the Government
of which he has been speaking, to establish post
roads and to regulate commerce—
" then there can be no others except the discretion of Con-
gress."
Congress may do with nny of your roods just
what Congress may think fit to do; and in a con-
troversy between any one State and ail the othei
States in which the Representatives from the other
States maybe brought to believe that themteiest
of their particular constituencies will be promoted
by disregarding the limitations in the franchises
under which the roads in the particular States
have been made, they will be (lone away with;
and then see how we shall stand with out-people.
Wo are sent here to take core, among others, of
the rights of our States. Our oath to support the
Constitution of thcUnited States is not merely to
execute all the powers which it confers, but to ab-
stain from exorting any powers which itdoes not
confer. It is an obligation, therefore, to preserve
all the limitations upon the power of the Federal
Government in order to protect the inherent and
original, and undelegated powers which belonged
to the States before the Constitution wasadopted.
We come hero, then, with roads made underlhe
authority of our own State legislation, an author-
ity which no one bel'oie ever questioned, and if
Congress claims the right by their legislation to
repeal State legislation, or to do awuy by con-
gressional legislation with any limitations imposed
by Stale legislation in cases of this description,
it is in its result precisely the same as if in words
you had said that all the legislation of the States
in relation to their several roads are to be consid-
ered from tins time nulj and void.
I am sorry, Mr. President, to have occupied
so much of the time of the Senate, and conclude
with stating the results to which my reflections
on the subject have led me, that is to say, that
ov<er this subject Congress has no authoiity
whatever. It is a power never delegated by the
States, remaining with the States, and a power
exclusive because not delegated, and decided to
be exclusive by every court that has been called
upon to pass judgment upon the subject, and
as far as 1 know, by every statesman who has
figured in the councila of the nation, whether in
the executive department or the legislative de-
partment of the Government, from the time of the
adoption of the Constitution down to the bringing
of the bill into the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not suppose there is
any expectation of taking the question upon the
bill this afternoon; and I do not know whether
there is any Senator who desires to address the
Senate upon it this afternoon. I understand
there are other Senators who design to speak
upon the bill. I hope, therefore, the Senator
who has charge of it will not object to its post-
ponement to allow me to take up Senate bill No.
212. I move that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed to, and made the special
order of the day for Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was-agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate concurring therein.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Senate
adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet oh Monday
next. I believe there is no business before us of
any kind of consequence. The appropriation
bills have not yet reached us.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY A. BRIGHAM.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No,
212.
The motion was agreed to,and the bill (S.No.
212) for the relief of Henry A. Brigham was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Henry A. Brigham the sum of $2,000,
being the amount of his check drawn in favor of
the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York, on the 7th of November, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if there ia
any report in this case. The bill itself does not
explain why it should pass.
Mr, MORRILL. Ihcre is a report, which I
will ask to have read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
memoiial of ileury A. Bu^lmm, military storekeeper and
paymaster in the ordnance department of the Army of the
United States, ieport:
The claim in for §2,000, the amount of a check which
the petitioner alleges ho was compelled to diaw in favorof
the As^bt.uit Ti<\u>uicr of the United Ht.Uea m the city of
New Yoik, without any consideration therefor, and for
wnich he ha-, nevei received the amount of said cheek, or
any pan tlieieot.
The fact*. in substance, are these : the petitioner holds
the office oi militarvslorckcrpci nod paynuMei in the ord-
nance dep.u tinrntoi the A tiny of the United States, on duty
.U the W.urivli'it arsciiiil. New Yoik, ami h.id ins dis-
bursing account with llie AsM-aunt Tieasmer of the Uni-
ted Stales in the city of New York, and paid the employes
at said arsenal monthly iti tends diawti fiotn said Assistant
Treasuier. To enable him to make his monthly payment
ol October, 1862, on the 7th of November ot that year lie
presented to ihecashterof said AssiatantTrciasurer in New
Yoik city n wiitten statement ot the amount and denom-
ination of Treasury note^ and postage ennency lequired,
amounting in nil to the sum of ,^y{>,300, m notes ot denom-
inations of from one to futy dollar*, and $500 in postage
eurieney.
On the following day, dining business hours, he called
for the money atthceountei wheio ho had been accustomed
to i eeen ( Ins mowy.
He nhoitly gained the attention of the cashier, parsed
him hi< check toi the sum icquued, ($3<5.800,) whereupon
the (vMiior biought a ttay liom Hie desk ol the pay depart-
ment to a convenient opening in the counter, the contents
of winch had been made up in maiked package* by one of
the pajnijr tellers, foi I he put pose ofmnking payment thereof
to said pay mantel— the panic's aianding upon opposite sides
of the counter.
The money had been arranged in packages, note? of fifty
dollais in two packages of #3,000 and $5,000, making ,$8,000
m one bundle, around which was a strap with the amount
maiked theieon. Notes of twenty dollars, in six equal
packages of §2,000—-all contained in one general bundle,
and maiked and strapped as above, and so on for the rest.
The cashier proceeded to take the=e packages or bun-
dles tiom tne nay, "calling off" the amount marked on
the snaps as each paicel was pa.^ed to the side of the tray
in the counter, each amount &o " called off" being sot down
by the paymaster, when the whole amount so stated was
tonnd to be $3(5,£00. lioth paities still maintaining their
positions, said paymaster pioeeeded to l,sati.-ty himself"
of the eonectne.-s of the count, commencing with the pack-
age of notes of the laigest denomination, being that of
$8,000.
Upon examination of the bundle, maiked $12,000, in
packages of §2,000 each, theie w.i> in fact but live pack-
ages, making $10,000. Seateh was made by the cashier
toi the missing package of §2,QUO at the desk of the pay
department and on the floor at the counter where the par-
ties stood, hut without sueecsrf.
The parties had observed, while the cashltr was pass- :
ing the packages liom tin; tray, and the pajmastei was j
setting down the figures, a man—a ->tmnget—standing near
the paymastei, with his bands upon the postage cutreney,
and who immediately retned.
It wa-3 a-oimied by the earner that the deliveiy of the
money was complete when he had "called off" the amount
of the several packages or bundles, and pa-^ed them fiom
the ti.iy to the, counter, as stated .ibo\e. that the tnis-mg
§2,000 had been stolen by the stranger,' and that having
been so delivered and stolen, it was'the loss of the pay-
master, who was accordingly required to draw an additional
chcck for $2,000, in order to obtain the amount" required
for his monthly payment.
It is not doubted that the paymaster drew his check in
favor of the Assistant Treasurer of the United States for the
sum of $2,000 moie than he actually received, and that be
has bewi the loser to that amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
satisfied with that report, and I think the atten-
tion of the Senate ought to be called to the prece-
dent we are establishing here. It seems that a
paymaster under coercion drew a check for more
money than he received, and thereupon, inasmuch
as he did not get ns much money as he checked
for, he comes to Congress and asks Congress to
make up the difference. That is all there is of the
case. A paymaster calls for a certain amount of
money. The cashier gives htm within $2,000 of
the amounthe asks for,and says,44 I will not give
you the balance unless you draw another check
for $2,000; if you want $36,000 in money, you
must draw a check for $38,000, and you shall
have it;" and inasmuch as he wants&36,G00, he
draws for $38,000,and thereupon the Congress of
the United States is to come in and puss a law
appropriating $2,000 to make up the amount he
drew the checks fori If there was a loss of
money in this case by the cashier of this bank,
let him be responsible for it; or if a case is made
out that it was stolen from the cashier, and Con-
gress thinks proper to relieve him, relieve hini;
but it seems to me to be the worst of precedents
to allow a paymaster under coercion as it weiein
this way to draw a check for more money than
he gets, and then for Congress to come in and pay
the balance. It is establishing what I should think
in private transactions would be a most dangerous
precedent. The morality of it even is question-
able. "
Mr. MORRILL. I think if my friend from
Illinois had paid a little more attention to the facts
of the case perhaps he would not have come to
the conclusion that he has announced. I think it
not unlikely that the conclusion the Senatorfrom
Illinois draws might be just in the case he states;
but that is not the case before the Senate.
This paymaster was an agent of the Govern-
ment, and was dealing with the Government. He
was not dealing with a bank, as the Senator sup-
poses. He being an agent of the Government
dextrous of paying the bills of the Government,
applied in his individual capacity as an officer to
the Assistant TreasureratNew York for $36,000,
giving the specifications, and the Government,
through its agents, gave him $2,000 less, under
the circumstances detailed in that report, and they
made him draw his check for enough to cover the
supposed loss, $2,000. It was a tiansaction with
the Government throughout, and a transaction
with nobody else. I submit that the paymaster
on that statement of the facts has no remedy on
earth but the one proposed here. lie cannot sue
the Government; lie cannotdeal, as I understand,
in any way whatever with the Government ex-
cept to appeal to Congress.
With the permission of the Senate I will state
in a word how the case presented itself. This
paymaster went to the Assistant Treasurer at
New York and made a requisition for $36,000 to
be paid to the employes of his arsenal. They told
him to call the next day for the money. When
he called, the cashier, or the party acting as cash-
ier, brought the money in a tray to an open space
in the counter and undertook to verify the count,
tfie paymaster standing on one side of the counter
and thecashier on the other sidem the open space.
The cashier commenced the verification of the
count, and hunded out the packages as he hud pre-
pared them and said "There arc youi $36,000.51
Thereupon, the parties being in the ptesente of
each other, the paymastersaid," Now I will ver-
ify the count." He took the packages and opened
them in the. pretence of the cashier and said" There
ate $2,000 ltf-s than $3Gj000 here.5" Thereupon
they both reexamined them, and both saw that
there were $2,000 less. Now, how isitaccounfed
for? The cashier suggested that it must have
been taken by some stianger who casuaiiy came
into the room while these parties were verifying
this count; but the committee wete not satisfied
that that suggestion was at ail in accordance with
the fact. They thought it was not even probable.
Thete was no intimation, no suspicion, that the
paymaster had stolen it, because he \yas in the
presence of the cashier all the time, and the mo-
