1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
should be removed at once and forever by a meas-
ure the constitutionality and effect of which no-
body can question. Sir, I think I see that if
Louisiana or any of these States were brought
back with slavery the scenes we have had in this
Chamber before would be witnessed again. We
should have no peace, in the general acceptation
of that term; no such quiet as exists now in a
great measure in this Chamber; we would be
quarreling upon this subject; the public mind
would continue to be excited to the last, until
sooner or later another rebellion would spring
forth. I believe as firmly as I believe in my ex-
istence, that with slavery gone, and the authority
of the Union reinstated ail over the land, that au-
thority will never hereafter be questioned; and it
will go on in a career of prosperity which even
our own example will be seen to fall far short of.
But the honorable member from Massachusetts
by his course, as I think—of course he does not
intend it—keeps the topic before us everlastingly.
Fust he is for abolishing slavery by presidential
proclamation. But he is not satisfied with rely-
ing upon that: he is for abolishing it by congres-
sional legislation. He is not satisfied with that:
he is for providing that these States shall not be
brought back into the Union unless they will
agree not only at the time they are brought back,
but forever, to give to the black race the right of
sutfrage. i say to the honorable Senator, if he
expects to keep the agitation up, and the Union
broken as it is, until that is accomplished, he will
not live to see the day when the Union is restored.
It was not my purpose, Mr. President, to sub-
mit more than the very desultory remarks with
which I have troubled theSenate; but I shall rely
upon them as justifying the vote which I propose
to give in favor of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I have an amendment to offer,
to insert the following proviso at the end of the
resolution:
Provided, That this shall not take effect except upon the
fundamental condition that within the State there shall
be no denial of the electoral franchise, or ot' any other lights
on account of color or race, but all persons hhall be equal
before the law. And the Legislature ot the State, by a
solemn public act, bhall decluto the assent of the State to
tins fundamental condition, and tdiall transmit to the Pres-
ident of the United States an authentic copy of such as-
sent whenevei the same shall be adopted, upon the re-
ceipt whereof tie shall, by proclamation, announce the
fact; whereupon, without any further pioceedmgs on the
part ot Congress, tins joint resolution shall take effect.
This amendment will explain itself. If Sena-
tors have listened to it they will be able to act
upon it without any debate or any further sug-
gestion from me. But I desire to call attention
simply to the precedent on which it is founded,
and I am induced to do so the more from the very
elaborate way in which the Senator from Mary-
land has seemed to anticipate it. He has an-
nounced that any such proposition would be per-
fectly futile. Sir, those who preceded us in these
Chambers in some of the good days of the Re-
public did not think so. i have before me the
third volume ofthe Statutes at Large, page G45,
where you will find a resolution, adopted March
2, 1821, which I believe was introduced by Henry
Clay, and which was the dnal ground of recon-
ciliation between conflicting opinions in these two
Chambers, as follows:
Resolution providing for the admission of the State of Mis-
souri into the Union, on a certain condition.
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
Missouri shall be admitted into this Union on an equal
footing with the origiuai States, in all respects whatever,
upon the fundamental condition that the fourth clause
of the twenty-sixth section of the thiid article ofthe con-
stitution submitted on the part of said State to Congress,
shall never be construed to authorize the passage ot any
law, and that no law t-hall be pas&e&in conformity thereto,
by winch any citizen of either of*!fre States in tins Union
shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any of the privi-
leges and immunities to which such citizen is entitled
under the Constitution of the United States: Provided,
Tnat the Legislature of the said "State, by a solemn public
act, shall declare the assent of the said State to the said
fundamental condition, and shall transmit to the President
ot the United States, on or before the fourth Monday in
November next, an authentic copy of the said act; upon
the receipt wheieof the President, by proclamation, shall
announce the fact; whereupon, and without any further
proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of the
said State into this Union shall be considered as complete.
I have modeled the proviso which I have sent
to the Chair on this identical resolution, follow-
ing as near as possible its precise language.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to correct a
mistake into which the Senator from Massachu-
setts has fallen. He speaks of that resolution as
introduced by Mr. Clay. Mr. Clay never intro-
duced it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 was just going to set the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts right on that point.
Mr. POWELL. I am not sure who it was,
but I think it was introduced by a gentleman
from Illinois. I know it has been imputed to
Mr. Clay.
Mr. DAYIS. That resolution was introduced
by Jesse D. Thomas, a Senator from Illinois. It
was voted for, however, by Mr. Clay.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, sir; it is not of
much importance who introduced it. Suffice it
to say that this resolution is in the statutes of the
country, and it was adopted at. thatime by a large
vote. This was not, you will understand, the
bill which so agitated these two Chambers, and
which was the subject of such extensive discus-
sion. It was the final resolution under which
Missouri at last took her place in the Congress
of the United States, and by that resolution there
was affixed to her reception a fundamental con-
dition. Mark the energy of the expression—" a
fundamental condition." Missouri accepted the
resolution, and by what was called " a solemn
public act" declared her acceptance; and then it
was that the President of the United States, by
his proclamation, declared that Missouri was a
State m the Union. Now, sir, I propose to ap-
pend to this joint resolution a proviso which is
founded on that resolution, and on that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "race,"
the words " or sex."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first question, I pre-
sume, will be on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment by inserting the words " or sex."
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend there will be
scarEely time to call the yeas and nays before the
time arrives for taking a recess; but! wish to say
to the Senate before the recess is taken that I
trust we may be able to conclude this matter to-
night, and I hope that Senators will return and
let us stay this evening and hear all that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has to say, and vote
upon all his amendments. I think there is no
other way to dispose of this matter than to hold
on to it, and as we shall probably have to have a
night session at some time I trust Senators will
attend this evening, and that we may finally dis-
pose of it. I desire to submit a few remarks on
the subject before it finally passes from the atten-
tion of the Senate. However, I shall be gov-
erned very much by the condition of the resolu-
tion. I think that the facts upon which the re-
port of the committee has been made have not
been properly understood,or, if understood, have
not been properly represented to the Senate.
When the facts are properly before the Senate, I
for one, certainly, shall have no feeling as to what
disposition may be made ofthe resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour fixedby
the Senate having arrived, the Senate will take a
rccess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o 'clock, p. m.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of Am-
brose Morrison, of Nashville, Tennessee, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. %
PETITION.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States recognizing
the obligations of the Christian religion; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
476) to provide for a chief of staff to the Lieu-
tenant General commanding the Armies of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
J. AND 0. P. COBB AND COMPANY.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, the chairman of the
Committee on Claims, to call up the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 80) for the relief of J. & 0. P.
Cobb & Co., of Indiana.
Mr. CLARK. I am entirely agreed, if it will
give rise to no debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All this, I take it, is dons
by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands. The Senatorfrom New Hampshire
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint resolu-
tion No. 80.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for
the adjustment of the claim of J. & O.P. Cobb
& Co., of Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire merely to say
this: the Committee agreed to the right and pro-
priety of the resolution as it came from the
House, but thought it best to divide the claim.
It seems to me that is unnecessary, and I hope,
the Seriate will not do so, but will pass the reso-
lution as it came from the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Claims, which will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all of the resolution after the word
" order "in the eighth line, in the following words:
Of their hames ami other vessels employed in the ship-
mentofhay toMempins, Tennessee, unilei a contract with
the Government of the United States, anil tile hay on board
of said vessels, which was being shipped iiy said fiim m
the fulfillment of said contract, and other propeny con-
nected with and being used in the fulfillment ot -an! con-
tract, the said properly having been burned and destroyed
by the United States gunboat No. 33 ; and that he allow
the said claimants the value of said piopi'rty, not exceed-
$11,000, to be paid out of any money heretofore or hereafter
appropriated, applicable to the payment of claims against
tile quartermaster's bureau.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Of a certain quantity of hay loaded by them on certain
barges and flatboats, on the Ohio river, to be delivered at
Memphis, Tennessee, under a contract with the Govern-
ment of the United States ; and that he allow the said claim-
ants the contract price of Mid hay so deployed. I<vs the
expense of transportation from the place where destroyed
to tiie place of delivery, to he paid out of any money lieie-
tofore or hercalterappropriated, applicable to the paymeu/
of claims agamst the quaitermaster's bureau.
So that the resolution will read:
That the Quartermaster General be, and he is hereby*
authorized and directed to examine and adjust the claim
ot J. &0.1'. Cobb & Co., of Indiana, for the los^su-tained
l>y thorn on the Uth and 12th days of July, by tho
destruction, by military order, of a certain quantity of haj
loaded by them on certain barges, &c.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose; most Senators
recollect the point. It is whether the boats thai
carried the hay shall be excluded, or whether
they shall be included in the claim. The House
included the boats that carried the hay as well as
the hay, and the Senate Committee on Claims di-
vided it so as to present the question to the Sen-
ate. I hope the resolution as it passed the House
will pass here.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I remombcrthe case, it
is to pay for property that was destroyed before
the Government of the United States received it.
Mr. CLARK. The Government destroyed it
themselves,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, there arc thousands
and millions of dollars' worth of property that
has been destroyed by the Government, and if
we commence paying for that class of cases we
shall have very large claims here.
Mr. CLARK. We have got to pay for some
of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is any obligation
of contract to pay for this claim, I should like to
know why it does not go to the Court of Claims.
The Court of Claims would have jurisdiction of it.
Mr. CLARK. I doubt whether the Court of
Claims could take jurisdiction of it, or whether
