384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Here are two men, both represented to be Govern-
ment officers, engaged in a pecuniary transaction
•where there are 02,000 missing, and one party
who receipts for §2,000 more than he receives, or
gives his check for it, which is the same thing,
comes in and asks Congress to relieve him. It is
alleged that this paymaster was an honest man.
I will not undertake to impeach his honesty, but
he certainly manifested a very great want of sense.
It has been said that a paymaster going to a
sub-Treasurer with a draft, and presenting it, is
entirely at the mercy of the Government, or of the
sub-Treasurer. I deny that proposition. If the
Senator from New Hampshire goes to the Treas-
ury in thiscitywith a draft for his salary, and the
Treasurer says,"Here are $3,000 for your salary,"
handing him put a fifty-cent postage stamp, would
he accept of that? No,sir. And itwasasmuch
the duty of this paymaster when he saw that the
amount of money was $2,000 less than the amount
of his draft, to refuse to accept it and have noth-
ing to do with it, as it would be of the Senator
from New Hampshire to refuse the fifty-cent post-
age stamp for a $3,000 check for his salary.
This case manifests a want of diligence and a
want of sense on the part of the officer drawing
the draft. He should have refused to accept u
cent of the money under the circumstances. Why,
sir, if you adopt a policy of this kind, recogniz-
ing this sort of transactions between Government
officers,you open the door wide for the perpetra-
tion of all sorts of frauds. It is the duty of the
Government officer, before he delivers up his
check, or at least before he becomes responsible
for the money, to see that he has the amount to
which he is entitled; and it was a want of dili-
gence on the part of this officer to receive $2,000
less than the amount he was entitled to, and then
to give an additional check for $2,000 more.
Why, sir, the transaction on the face of it will bear
no sort of scrutiny. I take the responsibility of
stating that in all the various multiplicity of bills
for relief that have been introduced into Congress,
there can be found no parallel to this case.
Suppose that this Government officer, in the
plenitude of his power, as the Senator from New
Hampshire says he had a right to exercise, had
offered thispaymastera dollar; would that have re-
lieved him? Would that have been a sufficient
consideration for the $36,000 draft ? I thinknot. I
think it was the duty of this paymaster, as it
would be between individuals in a private trans-
action, to see that he had the full amount of the
money to which he was entitled.
The presumption according to the statement of
the case would bp that there has been fraud some-
where. This person who was near the tray when
the money was passed out may have stolen it.
If he did steal it, the blame must necessarily at-
tach to the party who then had the money in
possession. It was the fault of the sub-Treas-
urer to allow a stranger to be in such cIosp piox-
imity to so large on amount of money. He was
lacking in the exercise of due diligence in that
regard. But if this bill' passes the Government
must eventually be the loser by the transaction,
whether the money was stolen by the person who
■was near the tray, or whether n was stolen by
the aub-Treasuier. If the money was notstolen
by the individual who was near the tray, but
there was a mistake, and $2,000 less paid than
should have been paid, then that money must be
in the vaults of the sub-Treasurer, and it is very
ea3y to ascertain by his cash account in compar-
ison with his diafts whether the money overran
or not on that day; and if he is a dishonest man
it would be equally easy for him to retain that
amount of money. The thing looks so suspi-
cious on the face of it that I cannot under any
circumstances vote for it.
t Mr. HENDRICKS. I recollect the examina-
tion of this case before the committee at the last
session. We all agreed with what the Senator
froth Oregon says, that it was a singular case, and
that drew the attention of every member of the
committee to the case, and I believe the whole
evidence was read in the presence of the com-
mittee. But there was no difference of opinion
on the part of the members of that committee as
to the duty uf thw Government to give this pay-
master relief.
The facts, as we understood them, were just
these: a paymaster had to make a payment on a
certain day at his post of duty, of $30,800. On
the evening before the day the payment was to
be made, he called at the proper department and
informed them how much money he needed.
That money was counted out all ready for him in
packages. When he called to get his check paid,
he handed it to the officer; the check was re-
ceived and laid by; the clerk brought the tray, on
which he had arranged the packages,to the proper
counter. The Senator from Oregon finds fault
with the officer for allowing that stranger in the
office. That could not be objected to. Itwasa
public place, where moneys were being paid out.
Mr. NESM1TH. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I would like to ask him whether it is the
usage for strangers to be about places where
money is being paid with their hands on other
people's money ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no evidence in
the case to prove that this stranger had his hands
on the package. Prom the whole evidence I nevnr
was satisfied the stranger got the money; but I
was satisfied that the paymaster did not get the
money. That is a very clear thing. No gentle-
man of the committee doubted on that question;
but the committee were not unanimous that the
stranger stole the money. There was a stranger
at the back of the paymaster during some portion
of this transaction.
Then, when the tray was brought to the coun-
ter, the clerk counted out the packages of money,
and the paymaster made a note of the sumi as he
counted. When that was concluded, the pay-
master said that he would count the money. He
commenced counting it upon the same counter,
and found that there were $2,000 less than the
clerk had counted.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe he is a member of
the Committee on Claires, and of course he has
investigated this matter. Were the sub-Treasury
officers m New York examined on the subject,
or did the committee satisfy themselves that the
sub-Treasury accounts did not show a surplus of
$2,000? It would be very easy for the committee
to ascertain whether this $2,000 was paid out of
the sub-Treasury or not by referring to the cash
account of the sub-Tieasury on the day the pay-
ment was made. Did thecommitteeinform them-
selves on that subject?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was a letter from
the Assistant Treasurer at New York discussing
the whole case—a lengthy letter, as 1 now recol-
lect. I cannot state to the Senator exactly what
were the contents of that letter. But the money
had been counted out, as I was going on to state,
by the clerk, and then when the paymaster came
to count the money he found that there was a de-
ficiency of $2,000; and here was the point made
by the Assistant Treasurer, and also by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury- 
Mr. GRIMES. In the letter from the Assist-
ant Treasurer was it admitted that the accounts
did not balance for that day, or did balance?
That is a very material point, one upon which
the whole case hinges.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot answer the Sen-
ator on that point. I recollect that the main dis-
cussion by the Assistant Treasurer was on this
point: he claimed that the payment was complete
to the paymaster as soon as the clerk had counted
out the packages from the tray on the counter,
and he said it could not be allowed, according to
the usage of banks, that the party should recount
the money. He denied to the paymaster the right
to count the money himself. That was the prin-
ciple that he discussed in his letter, which was
before the committee.
The committee were entirely satisfied that the
paymaster did not get the money; but the com-
mittee were not fully satisfied upon the question
as to who did get the money. They were not
satisfied as to whether the clerk got it, or whether
he made a mistake, or how it was. But right at
the counter the paymaster claimed to count the
money before he took it from the counter. It
was recounted and found to be $2,000 short. The
paymaster made a full examination right there
before he left the counter. After it was found the
money was not there, and his check was inside, he
being compelled on that day to make a payment
to the employes of the Watervliet arsenal of
$36,800, to get that money he had to give this
additional check. I cannot see any objection to
the course pursued by him about that. Was he
to say that the money should not be paid that day
to the men at the arsenal, or was he to pay some
and leave some unpaid? He eonld not well do
that, and in order to pay the employes'at the
arsenal he gave this additional check for $2,000.
Perhaps I am obtuse on the question, but i am
not able to see why he did not do right in that re-
gard, He had $34,800. The officer claimed that
that was full payment. %He needed $2,000more to
make the- p«ymei>ts?yat)d he gave his check for it.
it seems to me to be a plain case, and that the
paymaster ought to be relieved.
Mr. COWAN, If it were possible 'to pass a
bill heie to make this paymaster lose $1,000 of
this money and the eletk the other $4,000 for
allowing it to be stolen out under their noses
upon the counter of the sub-Treasury at the time
they were counting it, I should much rather vote
for it than for this bill. It does &eem to me ex-
traordinary that two men of ordinary intelligence
should allow such a thing to take place immedi-
ately under their own eyes at a tmie when their
attention must necessarily have been drawn to
the transaction.
Mr. CHANDLER. This paymaster may be
a veiy honest man, but fu/m tlve character of the
evidence m this ease 1 should think he was &
very foolish one. The evidence ia?that he passed
over his chock for $36*,000 to the cashier without
receiving drnt amount in funds. In that case ho
should have thrown the money back and refused;
to accept any of it. ft is a matter of daily oc-
currence in every bank in the United States that
mistakes occur either in the paying-teller or the
recipient of the money; and any merchant or
merchant^ clerk might as well come to Congress
and ask for the correction of an- error that oc-
curred of that kind between himself and the teller
of & bank as for this paymaster to come to Con-
gress and demand the return of this $2,000. R
wn.v a business transaction.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senatoraliow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr, CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. Whatconld the paymasterhnvft
done r He passes m his check and the Assistant
Tr?«saioi,or clerk, counts' out the money.
The paymaster proceeds tw count it himself and
ascertains the loss. The Assistant Treasurer says,,
"That dehvery was complete; you cannot have
your check; there is the money.** Shall he go
away and leave the money > He cannot gel hi©
check back.
Mr. CHANDLER. He can either leave the
money or demand his check, or he can accept the
money. Does the Senator pretend to say that if
Igomtu a bank and draw a cheek for $36,000an(l
they pass me $34,000, and will not give me any
more, that I should therefore draw a check for
$2,000 more? Why,sir, the idea is absurd.
Mr. CLARK. I do r/ot say that; but that is
not this case.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a very similar case-
Mr. CLARK. He is an officer of the Gov-
ernment who wants $2,000 to complete his pay-
ment; and now, he says, "However this loss
may fail I will take this money and give you a
check for the $2,000, which you will not give me
without, and make up the complement for the
purpose of paying these men I am to pay, and
thfn this matter re to be settled afterward.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was a business trans-
action between the paymaster and the sub-Treas-
urer, the same precisely asthedrawingofa check
from a bank; there is no difference; and theie is
no reason on earth, no apology for coming to
Congress for the payment of this $2,000. If the
paynfaster got onty $34,800, instead of $36,800*
he should have received none of it unless he made
up his nund to lose the $2,000 himself.
Mv. CLARK. Will the Senator tell me and
tell the Senate where he is to get his money?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is his own lookout.
Mr. CLARK. No, I beg the Senator's par-
don; it is not his own lookout, because the man
must not suffer for the Government. If he is
an honest man and has paid the money for the
Government, the Government should see him
harmless.
Mr. CHANDLER. He had no right to part
with his check until he got-the money. As a
business man, engaged in a plain, straight-for-
