1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ward, every-day transaction, ho ought to have
known bettor. I do not claim that he was dis-
honest, but I think he was a big fool.
Mr. HENDRICKS, I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Michigan whether it is usual to pay
the money out before a check is handed in, at u
bank or at a sub-Treasurer's office?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. The check
is always handed'in; but if the amount counted
out is not correct, I take it no business man
would ever receive it.
Mr. HENDUICICS. Then, in answer to the
Senator, I desire to say that the Assistant Treas-
urer took the ground that as soon as the clerk
had counted out these bundles of money the pay-
ment was complete, and the money was in the
hands of the paymaster, and he had nothing to
<io but to carry it away, leaving his check of
$36,800 and taking away only $34,800, or to give
•another check of $2,000, enough to make up the
payment (o the hands of the arsenal. That is the
whole of the question.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator's pardon,
Mr. Cisco does not put itexactly on that ground.
He says:
" The delivery was according to the custom of this office
and every banking institution in the country, lull and com-
plete the moment Jhat the money had been laid upon tlio
•counter foi .Mi. Biigham, and he had taken possession of
it."
Mr. HENDRICKS. .Yes,sir,and in tins par-
ticularcase heargucs that he had taken possession
•of it because it was taken out of the tray and put
upon the counter, and he was in the act of count-
ing it over himself.
Mr. CLARK. That fact of counting was the
possession, as they contend.
Mr. LIENDRtCKS. They claimed that that
was possession. As soon as it was handed from
the tray and laid upon the countei the Assistant
Treasurer contended that it was m the posses-
sion of the paymaster, and would give him no
relief.
Mr. CHANDLER. The case is just as plain
as eases that occur i suppose a thousand and per-
haps a million times a day. A merchant sends a
clerk to a bank todrawacheck. If the bank does
not pay that eJork the amount the cheek calls for,
he throws back what is handed to hrm,and says
il I will not touch it; l-will go and inform my
superior that I have handed you that check, and
that you will not give me the amount of it," and
then the superior goes to the bank and says u Give
me that cheek, sir. or give me the amount of it."
Itv/as the dut/ot this paymaster to have thrown
the money back, and .said " Thete is not $36,800
here; theie is only $34,800," and then he should
have gone to his supeuor and reported the case,
and not come here to Congress asking payment
for his own default. There is no reason, pro-
priety, or common sense in U. I hope the bill
Will be indefinitely postponed. *
Mr. MORRILL culled for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordeied.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I under-
stand the facts; but if I do understand them
they are these: a paymaster the day before this
mistake occurred informed the bank that bo
wanted $36,800 under a requisition which he had
a right to make, and lie was told that he could
get ins $36,800 the next day if he would call. He
called the next day, and the cashier brought to
him notes which hesaid in the aggregate amounted
to $36,800; and he handed him his eheckarid took
the notes, and standing at the countcr in the pres-
ence of the cashier counted the money to see if
there was that amount, and he discovered on his
count and before leaving the counter that there
was a deficiency of $*2,000 in one of the packages.
Now, in point of law that was no payment, if
it be true, and if there be no doubt in pomtof fact,
that what was given to him as ^36,800 amounted I
only to $34,800. The rule of all banks, and the j
rule from necessity, in order to guard against im- j
position, is that they will correct no mistakes ex- |
ceptsuch as aie discovered at the counter. I go '
with a check, say of $1,000, and the money is j
counted out to me; they say, " Here are $1,000;" >
they iiave gothold of my check; the check is their j
voucher for $1,000 as against nie, if it is my own '
check; but it is fraudulent to charge me with a
debit of #1,000, unless I have got the money.
They hand me what they say is $1,000, and J,in
the presence of the cashier or of the paying teller,
count what is handed to me and find that there is
only $800. I am not bound to take it. It is no
payment. To make it a payment is to enable
the bank to perpetrate a fraud upon the customer.
I once heard of a case which illustrates the
practical injustice often of carrying out these rules
of banks strictly in all cases, when the mistake is
not discovered until afterwards. I got the story
from Mr. Benton. When Mr. Randolph was
passing by the Bank of the Metropolis on his way
to the meeting that was held afterward between
himself and Mr. Clay, Mr. Benton being one of
his friends upon the ground, he said to Mr.
Hamilton, when he got to the Bank of the
Metropolis, " There- are $6,000 here on deposit
belonging to me, and 1 want to get it out, because
I do not know what may happen to me." They
stopped, and he went in and demanded his money.
They counted him out notes, and he said, " I
want money, not notes.'* The cashier was very
much surprised, but he had to count the gold out
to him. His servant took it and cariied it to the
carriage, and they went off with $6,000, as they
supposed. A messenger from the bank coming
up atfull speed met them thissideofGeorgetown,
stopped the carriage, and told Mr. Randolph that
the cashier had made a mistake, that the bank had
paid him $6,100. Mr. Randolph responded, "If
it had not been $6,000, you would have Baid the
payment was conclusive upon me; would you
not?" "Yes." " Then go back and tell him I
will have no corrections; it is nor fair to make one
side conect and not the other." But after the
messenger had left him, he told Colonel Hamil-
ton, " If I should fall I want this money counted,
and if they have paid me $100 too much, as they
allege,go and pay it bark, because notwithstand-
ing the bank is willing to play the rogue, I am
not; 1 will correct the mistake."
It ia bad enough to suffer the banks to prescribe
a rule which often practically leads to injustice;
for very few men think of counting theirmoney.
I am one of the leckless ones, and I never think
of it, though I do not know that I have ever been
taken in. But without meaning to take you in
they make a mistake in counting the money, and
you do not discover it until you get home and
count it yourself; then they will not correct it; but
if you stand at the counterand count the money
in the presence of the cashier, he having the check
which he has no right to hold until he gives you
the money, and you discover in his presence that
he has not paid you the amount of the check, to
call that a payment is to permit him in open day
to perpetrate a fraud on the customer; and that,
as I understand it, has been done in this instance,
provided it be true, about which I am told there
is no dispute, that in point of fact the money
handed to this officer was short $2,000, and it
was discovered by him to be short in the pres-
ence of the cashier before he put the money in his
pocket. He offered then to give hischeck for the
amount which he had, $34,800, and they would
not let him have that unless he gave hischeck for
$36,800. In other words, knowing that he would
lose the $2,000 unless he could be indemnified,
they made him give a check for $36,800, knowing
that they paid him only $34,800. it appears to
me that this claim upon us is only a just demand,
provided the facts be as they have been stated.
It is said by my fi lend from Pennsylvania that
some of these men deserved to lose the money,
because they were such blockheads as not to dis-
cover the fraud that was perpetrated at the coun-
ter. I do not understand that the fraud was per-
petrated there, or that the mistake occurred theie.
The notes were put up the day before in pack-
ages.
Mr. COW AN. The allegation is that the $2,000
was stolen at that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not it, as I under-
stand.
Mr. COWAN. That has been the argument.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 was about to .state whatts
represented to me to have been the fact. He goes
on one day and says he wants $36,800, he has a.
right to $36,800; lie has money there to answer
his check; he is told to come the next day and
the money will be ready for him. The money is
counted out in the interim, and when he comes
the next day an amount is handed to him at the
counter and represented as containing in the ag-
gregate $36,800. The young man who put it up
said that he put up $36,800. The cashier carries
the money to the counter and says, "Here are
$36,800." The paymaster counts the money and
finds that it is $36,800, less $2,000; and they re-
fuse to pay him the $34,800 unless he will give a
check for $36,800. That, as it seems to "me, is a
downright fraud on the paymaster. When the
money was taken, or whether it was taken by
anybody, whether the funds were short Or not,!
do not know, it may not have been' taken by
anybody, it may have been a miscount by the
clerk who counted the money; or if taken at all,
it was taken before the money was delivered to
the paymaster; he knew nothing about it; he dis-
covered the mistake in the presence of the cashier.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
deposition of the teller in the sub-Treffsdry at
New York detailing all the facts within his knowl-
edge in connection with this case. Then we shall
get at the facts.
The Secretary read, as follows:
City and County of New York, ss ;
Edward II. Bmteall of said city, being duly sworn, doth
depose uikI say: Thai lie is at the head of the receiving,
counting, and testing department in the office of tile As-
sistant Treasurer of the United States in said city. That
on the Stli day of November, in the yeai 18S2, this depo-
nent had the following business transaction with II. A.
JJrigliam, United States irnhtaiy storekeeper and paymas-
ter t<  the VVatcrvliet arsenal at WestTioy, in the State
of New Yoik. lie, the said H. A. Biigham, was paid by
this deponent, oa hi* (Brigham's) check on «aid Assistant
Treasuter, the sum of $30,800 m United States notes ami
postage curiericy, m m.muei following: a tray, the con-
tents made up In marked packages by one o! the paying'
tellers, and containing this amount of money, was taken
by this deponent fiom the desk of the pay department to a
couvenieutopenuigin the counter lor the purpose oi making
to said Brighton a delivery ot naul contcnt*. The paper
hereto attached was then handed by tins deponent to the
said Biigham, he (this deponent) at the same tune saying,
"The noma of note-, ami curiency<uesomewhat utiTereiii
fiom the menioi.mdum furnished oh by yon, nn.i you had
better make a new list as the nioncyis handed out." Said
Biigham then made the fignies as they appear m black pen-
cil on said pdper as each paicel was. passed to him and
called oil* by tins deponent. After entering the last item and
drawing the line lor footings, said Bngham returned the said
paper to this deponent, who added up the column and made,
as appears in blue pencil mark, the total, $'3(5.800, and tho
delivery was thereupon complete. Said Bughiun then re-
marked, " You have (satisfied yourself it n all right, now
hand mo the list and I will .satisfy myself}" which said
Biieham proceeded to do, commencing" with the larger de-
nomination of notes, and cheeked, as will appear by the
check mark on said paper, the first item of $8,000 m notes
of the denomination oi $o0, this deponent continuing to
stand by said opening on said counter iu older to afford to
said Gugham any facilities which he might require.
When paid Bngham came to the second item on said
papei, hemg $12,000 in notes of the denomination oi $30,
said Biigham lemarked, l,Ilow is thi*? I have only
$10,000 in .^20 noil's." ot woicis to that effect. Thisdepo-
neni then said. •' Yon nnifct have made some erroi in count-
ing, " and commenced to look over the diffeicnt packages .
and bundles,and also to examine lhe floor both inside and
outbide the counter. The missing bundle of $2,000 whs not
found, it having disappeared since the delivery to said
Briehamof the total amount of his check. This, deponent
then remained lo said Biigham, " The $2,000 yOu may be
ceitain has been stolen," and also asked'-aid Bngham who
the individual was who had been standing by Jus, the said
Bngham's, side duiing the time of the deliveiy, and who
wad allowed by said Brighain to place bis hand on certain
of the postage cuireney subsequent to such delivery, and
who was supposed by this deponent to be either the clerk
or the peibonal friend of said Brighton; other paymasters
coming to the said office of the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at New York for the purpose of receiving-
large amounts oi money ahno.-t invariably have some such
attendant to assist them. Saul Biigham replied, u I don't
know the man. and never saw burfbefore in my life until
he spoke to me a lew moments ago when J came into the
office." This deponent then said, " He has taken yom
money." To which said Biigham replied, li I don't con-
sider it my los«." This deponent then said,41 If you have
any doubts on that {joint, I will go with you to ihe head of
the office." Tni* deponent then took the tray of money,
containing ."534.800, placed it for safe-keeping behind the
counter during their absence, and he with the said Biigham
then had an interview with Jonn J. Cisco, fasq.. the As-
sistant Treasurer. Mr. Cisco, after heaung th& tuets. pro
nounced the delivciyof $30,SOU in United States notes and
postage currency to have been in all respects proper and
complete, and made in manner and loim as all such pay-
ments are made both in his own office and in the vanou*
moneyed institutions of the countiy on like occasions.
Said Biigham then returned to the outer or public office
with this deponent, and diew i\ cheek tor making,
so fai as the deponent is aware, no formal piotest. And
further, this deponent saith not.
E. II. B1RDSALL.
Sworn to, at th*: city of New York, bcfuic me, this 10th
day of February, A. 1). 1863.
W. T. Latimer, Commissioner of Deeds.
Mr. COWAN. I think the position 1 took is
now made good. Of course I am nothere to con-
tend that this delivery was perfect, because the
person to whom the money was delivered objected
upon the spot that the amount was insufficient:
but what I meant to say was, not that X was not
