1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
together all the various cases of property appro-
priated in the course of the Morgan raid, and they
have sentus astatement exhibiting a lossofsome
four or five hundred thousand dollars. Every
one of those cases presents just as strong and
just as equitable a claim on tins Government as
the case now presented. 1 have declined, and
have advised the State authorities not to present
this claim against the national Government at
this time; that Ohio is strong and able enough to
carry forward this indebtedness, if it is an in-
debtedness against the Government, which I very
much doubt, and that she ought not to present
the claim; and the matter has been suspended
ever since.
Here is the case of the property of private per-
sons seized by the Government, and destroyed
for what purpose? To keep it from being de-
stroyed by the public enemy.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. CLARK. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. To keep ltfiom being seized
by the public enemy.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. CLARK. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Or to keep the boats from
being used by the public enemy to cross the Ohio
river. Perhaps that is a statement which Sena-
tors will admit. At any rate, it is property de-
stroyed to keep it out of the possession of the
public enemy.
Mr. CLARK and Mr. HOWE. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. There isno otherpurpose,
no other object.* I have heard this statement
made several times by Senators in advocating
the claim. .The military authorities were afraid
that John Moigan would seize these boats and
with them would cross the uver and thus invade
the State of Ohio and the State of Indian,1.
Mr. CLARK. No; they were afraid he would
take them and get buck again.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same thing. This
property was seized to prevent it from foiling into
the hands of John Moigan. That is the long
and the short of it. Now, suppose this hay had
been whipped to some private individual,and had
been destroyed by the Government in the course
of that shipment, could tiiese parties claim it ? I
think, accordmgto the well-recognized principles
of international law, they could not, and I do not
' see that the case is any stronger by the fact that
this property was on its way to be delivered to
the national Government. Suppose this prop-
erty was to have been delivered to some private
individual at Vicksburg,and the Government had
found it necessary to seize that property and de-
stroy it to prevent it from falling into the hands
of a public enemy, would the Government be
responsible m such a case ? Look at the books
on international law, and you will find that they
arc full of declarations that the Government is
not responsible for property seized under those
circumstances. If the Government seizes the
property and applies it for the use of Us troops,
such as munitions of war, food, and the like,
they are bound to pay for it; but if they destroy
property of the private citizen, even of their own
loyal citizens, for the purpose of preventing it
from falling into the hands of the public enemy,
the Government is not responsible; and that is
on the ground, not that it is not just to pay for
it, but on thegiound that no Government can pay
for it.
Mr. COWAN. The doctrine is the very re-
verse of that.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Ohio will
find case after case, and case after case—the books
are full of them—the very reverse of what he
states.
Mr. DAVIS. The last case was decided by
the Court of Claims at its last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I am very much in
error about it
Mr. CLARK. Certainly'you are.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Senators will find
that I lay down the principle correctly.
But, sir, I think it improper and unjust for the
Government of the United States to take up indi-
vidual cases and pay them as they are presented,
without any general system. I am disposed to
postpone all these claims, to postpone the claim
of my own State, many of the damages and losses
of which occurred almost under my own eye; to
postpone them all until some future period. I
know that this is a very hard case on the contract-
ors who were endeavoring to perform their con-
tract, taking the hay down to Vicksburg; but it
was no harder than thousands of others that oc-
curred during the Morgan raid, and are occurring
now every day in Kentucky, and other States of
the Union, where property is seized by the Gov-''
ernment of the United States and destroyed for
military purposes,for military defense,orto pre-
vent it from being seized and destroyed by the
public enemy.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that th is resolution and
case be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that will not be done,
because at the last session of Congress, I think,
Congress passed a law by which it was declared
expressly that this class of cases should not go
to the Court of Claims, desiring to retain them
in their own hands. Unless Congress desire to
set the example and let this class of cases go to
the Court of Claims, this had better not be done;
but if they intend to set the example, and to let
all this class of cases go there, and thus furnish
a tribunal to which this class of cases can go, I
have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is taking up so much
time that 1 must call for the order of the evening.
This resolution was taken up by unanimous con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of the
day being called for, the unfinished business must
be taken up. V ,
STATU GOVERNMENT OF LO0ISIANA\r
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. No. 117) to recognize the
State government of Louisiana, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Hen-
derson to the amendment proposed by Mr. Sum-
ner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the time the
Senate took a recess the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] was upon the floor, and the
Chair does not know whether the Senator intended
to continue his remarks or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I intended to say some-
thing upon this question atsome time, but not at
this time if any one else is prepared to goon.
Having reported the resolution to the Senate, it
was my intention to say a few words in the con-
clusion of the debate. If any other Senator de-
sires to say anything I hope he will proceed; if
not, 1 will make the few remarks I desire to make,
and then I hope we shall get a vote.
Mr. CLARK. With the assent of the Senator
from Illinois I will submit the reason which will
govern my own vote to the Senate at tins time
and on this question, and 1 shall be very biief,
because I desire, as well as the Senator from Illi-
nois, and I do not doubt other Senators, that we
should have action on this lesolution to-night.
The question is upon the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
I desire to say in regard to that amendment, that
I approve of its general features; that is, I ap-
prove of the extension of the elective ftanehise to
people who are qualified for it otherwise, without
regard to color. 1 like the provision of the con-
stitution of Massachusetts, that the men who are
qualified by their intelligence shall be the voteis.
Mr. POMEROY. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor if he intends to convey the idea that it is a
crime not to be able to read and write.
Mr. CLARK. I did not say that it was.
Mr. POMEROY. But you will not permit a
man to enjoy the elective franchise unless he can
read and write; and the man who is so unfoitu-
nate as not to have had opportunity to learn to
read and write at an early day is to be deprived
of the right of voting for all time to come.
Mr. CLARK. Then from the necessity ofthe
case I would give him every opportunity to learn
to read and write.
Mr. POMEROY. There are thousandsofgood
and loyal men who cannot read and write.
Mr. CLARK. I have not any doubt of it, and
they are the men w.ho have been deceived by the
men who had an interest to deceive them. I say
1 approve that principle.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not.
Mr. CLARK. I am not saying I would adopt
it; but I say to the Senator from Kansas, and I
say herein the Senate, that if that principle were
adopted, it would be a grand inducement to all
these, men to learn to read and write who now
neglect it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a wrong principle to.
discriminate against a man who has been unfor-
tunate.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to discrimi-
nate against a man who has been unfortunate. I
merely say I like the principle of having voters
qualified in thatsense. I should like to have them
qualified in the sense that the justice of the peace
was going to be qualified in my country. When
he got his commission and one of his neighbors
asked him if he was qualified, he said no, he did
not suppose he was, but he was going to get a
book, and should be soon. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. President, 1 am against this amend-
ment as it now stands, because it is an amend-
ment to this resolution which proposes to recog-
nize the government in the State of Louisiana,
which is a State in my judgment, still a State in
the Union, having its constitution overthrown,
but desiring and attempting to establish a new
constitution; and I hold that we have no power
to amend that constitution; and that is the reason
why I shall be obliged to vote against it here.
Having said this much in regard to the amend-
ment, desiring to be brief, I will submit a remark
or two in regard to the general question, and then
have done, that I may not occupy the attention of*
the Senate but once.
i suppose that everybody in the Senate will
agree with me that the rebels ought not to be al-
lowed to vote; that the man who has rebelled
against the Government and made war upon it
should notexercise the elective franchise. I think
my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] would
agree to that. I think my other friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] would agree that they ougiit
not to vote. We know that there were a gieat
many rebels in the State of Louisiana. Wo will
all be agieed, then, that they ought not to vote.
But the fact shows that there were Union men,
too, in the State of Louisiana. They ought not
to be deprived of the right of voting because the
labels did wrong, and if the rebels in the State
cannot vote 1 hold that the Union people may
vote, and the management and control of the gov-
ernment of that State belongs to the Union peo-
ple. I am not aware that there is any distinct
number of people required to constitute a State.
We admit States with a population of sixty thou-
sand, seventy thousand, eighty thousand, and
when once admitted, so long as there are people
enough in the State to hold and exercise the gov-
ernment, it is still a State.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And to elect two mem-
bers of Congress?
Mr. CLARK. The Constitution providesthat
they shall have one, atleast. I am not arguing now
or attempting to show that they are entitled to
one, two, or three members of Congress. 1 am
arguing upon the point that they are entitled to
exercise the right ofsnlFrago in the State of Louisi-
ana, notwithstanding a curtain proportion of the
people may have gone into rebellion. If the reb*
els cannot vote, it will remain to the Union people
to exercise the rights of State sovereignty in that
Slate.
As I was saying, if the population should be
reduced in a State, say from one hundred thou-
sand to five thousand, it would still be a State.
So if the population of a State be reduced by rebels
who have forfeited their right to vote, it will still
be a State for the Union people remaining in it,
and the question then will be whether a majority
of tlie Union people have exercised the right; and
that is the question here as I understand it. I do
not understand, as the Senator from Michigan
does, that because a majoi ity of the people of Lou-
isiana have gone into rebellion, that therefore they
have taken away the rights of the minority who
were Union people. That cannot be. I contend,
on the other hand, that it is so much the more
our duty to protect that minority.
And here I desire to meet the argument that has
been suggested, that this government of Louisi-
ana is a very feeble power, a shadowy govern-
ment, as some call it. Why,sir, as I understand
it, the provision of the Constitution that the United
States shall guaranty a republican foim of gov-
ernment to every State was made to meet just
such a case; where the people ihemselvpa could
not maintain and control, orweie not disposed to
maintain and coiUiol, a form of republican gov*
ernment, that there the United States should guar-
anty it. There is another provision of the Con*
