1865.
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOB
the fundamental law of the land. I welcome, now,
the honorable Senator from Kansas into the num-
ber of those who intend in future, judging from
his remarks on this occasion, to resist by all the
powers that they possess as legislators, any fur-
ther continuance of this practice of interfering
with the freedom of elections in the States.
It was for this purpose, and for this only, and
not to continue this debate, that I rose and made
the remarks thatl did, and tried to obtain a direct
answer from the honorable Senator from Kansas.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] when he was on the
floor last alluded to the admission of Missouri,
and left the impression, no doubt, that this was a
similar case; m fact he said it was a case in point.
The proposition of the Senator is to add the fol-
lowing:
That this act shall not take effect exccpt upon the fun-
damental condition that within the State ot Louisiana there
shall be 110 denial of the electoral franchise,orof any other
right;?, on account of color or race, but all persons shall be
equal before the law.
The Senator from Maryland cited him to the
constitutional provision which leaves this ques-
tion of suffrage entirely to the States:
"And the electors in each State shall have the qualifica-
tions requisite for electois of the ino&t numerous branch of
the State Legislature."
The Senator, in reply to that, said that there
was a compact made with the State of Missouri
of the same character upon the entrance of that
State info the Union.
Mr. SCJMNER. I said a compact imposing a
condition upon Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. A fundamental condi-
tion upon the admission of the State into the
Union that was similar in character.
Mr. SUMMER. I think I said, a compact im-
posing a condition, precisely as I nowpropose to
impose a condition upon Louisiana, and to that
extent it was similar.
Mr. HENDERSON. The difference between
the case and the one under consideration is this:
the Senator and myself both agree that the State
of Louisiana is now in the Union. The Senator
said so last night. Then we agree upon that
proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. 11 is in and itisnot. [Laugh-
ter.] The territory is in; but as yet there is no
State government that is in.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 cannot answer that
proposition. When I insist that it is in he says- it
is; but when lattempttoshow that itis not i-n the
position of a Teriitory asking permission into
the Union, then he says it is not in.
Mr. President, I have looked back to the rec-
ord in the case of Missouri to see if'my impres-
sion was correct. My impression was that the
convention that adopted a constitution for the
State of Missouu, in one of its provisions, m the
belief of Congress, had run directly counter to a
constitutional provision. The Senate will see that
one provision of the constitution as adopted by
the State of Missouii read in this way:
" It shall be the duly of the G'meial Assembly, as sooa
as may ho, to p;isb bueh laws a< may be necossaiy, fir-^t, 10
pieveut fiee negroes and miilattoes'liom coming into and
settling in this titate utider any pretext whatever."
That was the shape in which the constitution
stood when it was sent to Congress in 1820.
Congress objected to the admission of the State
because of that provision, it was not in conse-
quence of the difficulty that originated in regard
to the existence of slavery in the State, for that
was settled by the act of March 6, 1820; bu't
when the constitution of Missouri came here, and
this subjectcame to be considered, Congress said
that it contravened this provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States:
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Congress said that the provision in the State
constitution of Missouri was in contravention of
that provision of the Constitution of the United
States. Then the law of 1821, referred to by the
Senator, was passed, in these words:
<{ That Missouri shall be admitted into this Union on an
equal looting with the ougmal States, in aij respects what-
ever, upon the fundamental condition, that the fourth
clause of the twenty sixth section ot the third aiticle ot
the constitution submitted on the part of said State to
Congress, shall never he construed to authouze the passage
of any law, and that no law shall ue passed m conformity
thereto, by which any citizen of eithei of the States in this
Union shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any of the
privileges and immunities to which such citizcn is en-
titled under the Constitution of the United States: Pro-
vided, That the Legislature of the said State, by a solemn
public act, shall declare the assent of the said Slate tu
the said fundamental condition, and shall transmit to the
President of the United States, on or before the fourth
Monday in November next, an authentic copy of the said
act; upon the receipt whereof the President, by proclama-
tion, shall announce the fact; whereupon, and without any
further proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission
of the said State into this Union shall be consideied as
complete."
The Legislature of Missouri, then being in ses-
sion, took this question up and added this proviso
to the provision that I have read:
"Provided, That nothing in this constitution shall be con-
strued to conflict with the provisions of the fn^t clause of
the second section of the fourth article of the Constitution
of the United States."
After the adoption of this proviso added to this
section, so as to show thattheconstitution of Mis-
souri could be no longer considered as contra-
vening this provision of the Constitution of the
United States, Mr. Monroe issued his proclama-
tion, and the State was admitted. 1 say it is not
an analogous case. Itis not analogous, in the first
place, because Missouri was then a Territory, and
Louisiana is now a State. In the second place,
it is not an analogous case because the provision
in the constitution of the State of Missouri was
in direct contravention of the Constitution of the
United States, and it required this explanation;
and I say it was perfectly right that Congress
should require of the State of Missouri an amend-
ment to that provision. The State had no right
to say that free negroes entitled to the rights of
citizenship in other States should be excluded
from that State. That is my belief. I do not say
that upon removing into the Slate of Missouri
they were entitled at once to all the rights that
they enjoyed in other States, but the meaning of
that provision of the Constitution of the United
States is that no citizen of a State shall be treated
as an alien in any other State. But in this case
the proposition is not to reconcile a provision of
the constitution of Louisiana with the Constitu-
tion of the United States; but if this provision of
the Constitution in regard to suffrage leaves to
the States the right to settle that question for
themselves, then the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts contravenes the Constitution
itself.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not propose now to go
into the general debate; possibly before it closes
I may say something; but what 1 iiave to say
now is simply to correct errois. I see the Sen-
ator from Maryland reading a newspaper.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatis not unconstitutional,
I hope. [Laughter ]
Mr. SUMNER. f 1
he Senator says he hopes
it is not unconstitutional. With his latituchna-
riariism in the construction of the Constitution,
certainly it is not. But just before the recess, it
will be remembered that the Senator, with more
than his usual loudness of voice and earnestness,
crossing over the avenue, 1 believe, as if for some
kind oi demonstration, undertook to coriect me
on at least two different matteis of history. I
shall take them up in their order.
The first was with regard to the opinions of
George Washington on consolidation; and there
lie had also the backing of his friend, the Senator
from Missouri. I had ventured to quote, in my
simplicity, what i always understood to be the
sentiment of Washington; and 1 had referred to
his very authoritative words in that remarkable
letter to the Congress of the United States, ad-
dressed by him, as President of the National Con-
vention that framed the Constitution, concluding
as follows: *
(i In all our deliberations on tins subject wo kept steadily
in view that winch appears to us the greatest niteiot ot
uvery true American—the consolidation of our Union—in
which is involved our prosperity, telicity, =altty, perhaps
our national existence." .
Senators cannot have forgotten how the Sen-
ator from Maryland sought to argue that away.
He insisted that Washington did not mean what
he said; that he did not mean consolidation,
though he used the word; and he charged me with
proposing something absolutely unirnagined, the
actual bringing of all these States into one united
republic. That, according to him, was not Wash-
ington's idea. His idea was simply the consol-
idation of the Union; though peihaps it will re-
quire all the legal acumen of the learned Senator
to show any difference between the two ideas.
But, sir, Washington spoke on that subject more
than once, and on one other occasion he spoke,
if possible, with more distinctness than on the oc-
casion to which 1 have already referred. I have
now before me his letter to John Jay, written
late in the summer of 1787, just before the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, in which he al-
ludes to the crying evils of the Confederation in
tins very particular, namely, that there was in it
no consolidation, and he says:
" We have enors to correct. We have probably had too
good an opinion ofhuman nature in tortning our Confeder-
ation. Experience has taught us that men will not adopt
and cariy into execution measures the best calculated ior
their own good without the intervention of coercive power.
I do not conceive we can exist long as u nation without
lodging somewhere a power which will pervade the whole
Union in as cnergetic a manner as the authority of the State
governments extends over the several States."
There, sir, arc the words of Washington. I
will read the last sentence again:
"1 do not conceive we can exist long as a nation with-
out lodging somewhere a power which will petvade the
whole Union in as eneigoiic a manner as the authority of
the .State governments extends over the several Stated."
And he then proceeds:
" To be feaiftil of investing Congress, constituted as that
body is, with ample authorities for national purposes, ap-
pears to me the veiy climax of popular absurdity and mad-
ness."
There, sir, you have Washington's idea of
consolidation.
But the Senator from Maryland, not content
with correcting me when 1 undertook to quote
the opinions of Washington, also corrected me
when I referred to the origin of the resolution
for the admission of Missouri into the Union. I
stated that it came from Mr. Clay. The Senator
from Maryland very promptly and earnestly said
I was mistaken; it did not come from Mr. Clay;
and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] rose
and said the same thing. Now,«ii,I have before
me a book which we all recognize in this Cham-
ber as of authority—llickey's edition of the Con-
stitution, with historical illustiations. There,
under the head of " Missouri," you will find this
note:
u On February 26, Mr. Clay"—
1 believe there was only one Mr. Clay at that
time—
" liom the joint committee, reported a c resolution provid-
ing lor the admission of the State ot, Missouri into the
Union, on a certain condition,1 which resolution wa« passed
and appioved March 2, 1&21. The said condition was ac-
cented by the Legislature of Missouri by ' a solemn act
declaring the assent ol this State' to* tin; fundamental con-
dition5 contained in {involution passed by the Congress of
the United States, providing for the admission of the State
of Missouri into the Union, on a certain condition, which
was appioved by the Governor on June 23, 1821."
Mr. DAYIS. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me a woi d ?
M r. SUMNER. I shall be done in a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. Only a moment. It is very
probable that Mr. Clay from the committee, as
itschuirman, reported the Missouri Compromise.
Mr. SUMNER. This is not the compromise.
Mr. DAVIS I had referred to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought the Senator was
in error at the time from confounding the two
diifetent stages of that remarkable session.
Mr. DAVIS. One was at one session, and the
othei at another.
Mr. SHERMAN. I happened to know Sen-
ator Thomas of Illinois in the later yeais of his
life, and he always boasted that he was the au-
thor of the famous division line of 36^ 30'; but
that was passed the year before the resolution
now alluded to by the honorable Senator.
,Mr. StfMNEll. i think that was the occasion
oAhe mistake,and 1 merely now,as some of our
piedecessors heie have been in the habit of say-
ing, make this correction for the truth of history;
and this is my answer to the two criticisms which
the Senator from Maryland at the close of his
very earnest remarks chose to make. And that
brings me to the resolution itself.
The Senatorfrom Missouri has now introduced
anotiier element, lie says that it is riot a case
in point on the present occasion. He will pardon
me if I say J dilfer from him. It is a case pre-
cisely in point. As the lawyers say, the two
cases run on all fours. There is a resolution now
pending, reported by the Senator from Illinois, for
the recognition ot Louisiana as a State in this
Union, precisely as on that other occasion there
was a resolution pending, or indeed an act of
