1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Comptroller of the Treasury has decided that
these expenses are not to be paid from the cui-
rent revenue of the Department. This last item,
therefore, does not increase the expenditures of
the Government at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This item
of $2,000,000 "for necessary expenses in carry-
ing into effect the several acts of Congress au-
thorizing loans and the issue of Treasury notes"
is certainly a very startling amount to be appro-
priated for that purpose, and I should like some
information about it. How is this sum to be ab-
sorbed? For what purpose is this $2,000,000 to
be expended? I desire to know if the Depart-
ment is taking money out of this fund to make
certain experiments in hydrostatic printing, and
if so how much. I want to know whether avast
amount has not been expended in experimenting
on this subject by parties who are applying for a
patent at the Patent Office for that invention. 1
would be glad that some information should be
given to the committee on this subject before the
appropriation is made.
Mr. MORRILL. Although we have already
passed that item, my amendment not relating
thereto at all, but coming in as a substantive prop-
osition, still 1 am perfectly willing to reply to the
query of the gentleman from Illinois. The item
of $2,000,000 covers not only the expenses ofprmt-
ing notes and bonds issued by the United States,
but it covers all the expenses m relation to obtain-
ing loans, commissions,&c.,and the expenses of
printing fractional notes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to amend the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Vermont by adding to it the following:
Piovidedjurtkcr, That no further cxpcnditine shall be
jnadc lor experiments on the system ot'liydiostatic printing
by the TieaMiiy Department until tuch experiments shall
have been definitely authotized by law, and a distinct ap
propriation made therefor.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
adoption of that amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that the amendment
offered by'the gentleman from Illinois will not be
adopted. I think he is entirely mistaken in sup-
posing that there is a waste of money in printing
at the Department. I think, from the information
obtained by the investigating committee on this
subject last session, that the cost of printing at
the Department is not more than half of what
would be charged for the same work by the bank-
note companies.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman whether
he has any information as to the cost of these ex-
periments, and as to the number of impressions
made on these presses per hour or per day.
Mr. HOOPER. I have no other information
except from my own observation, which is that
they print at least as rapidly as the common
presses.
Mr. WTL^ON. I am quite as well satisfied,
from the testimony taken before the committee
that investigated the subject last session, that the
printing is not so rapid. I think the testimony
showed very clearly the difference—somo wit-
nesses making the difference as fifty is to two
hundred between the hydrostatic presses and the
rolling presses; one witness stating, I believe, that
they made but seventy impressions per day on the
hydrostatic presses. I have no doubt at all of
the proptictyof this amendment. I think that
those experiments ought to be stopped until there
can be such investigation into this matter of print-
ing as will induce Congress to authorize it by law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was glad
to see that the gentleman who has charge of this
bill did not isiterpose any objection to the amend-
ment which I propose. Now, sir, I am author-
ized to state that §300,000 of the money that we
appropriated has been taken to experiment upon
the subject of hydrostatic printing; while the
amount of money which had been printed by this
method on November 15, 1864, was only $312,000.
We have paid ^300,000 for piinting and experi-
menting upon $312,000. This experiment upon
hydrostatic printing, as it is called, has been con-
tinued, without any authority of law, for two
and a half years. It is the revival of an experi-
ment which, after trial of more than twenty years,
had been abandoned. This money has, for the
purpose of testing this matter, been taken from
the Treasury by two parties, Spencer M. Clark
and Stewart Gwynne; and these men have filed hi
the Patent Office a caveat for a patent of the pro-
cess for experimenting upon which they have
taken the money of the Government. This is the
precise state of the case. This is my reason for
offering the amendment, and the reason why I
put the question to the gentleman from Vermont.
I ask this committee whether they are prepared,
under such a state of facts, to vote down this
amendment. 1 ask the committee to pass upon
the conduct of men in the Treasury Department,
who, after taking the Government money for the
purpose of these experiments, are applying to the
Patent Office for a patent, thus seeking to appro-
priate to themselves the benefit of the experi-
ments which have been made.
Mr. MORRILL. If there is anyreal abusent
the Treasury Department in relation to printing,
I, for one, will not vote against any measure that
shall look to its correction. Some of the facts
stated by the gentleman from Illinois are, perhaps,
as he states them; in others he is undoubtedly
incorrect. Congress did authorize the Treasury
Department to establish a printing office in the
Treasury building without any limitation; and
consequently whatever that Department has done
has been in pursuance of positive law. Now, in
relation to any experiments that have been under-
taken at that Department, my information, as
gathered from an investigation at the last session,
was this, that some losses had been incurred by
the Treasury Department in obtaining some ma-
chinery which is now useless; but I was assured
that the gain to the Treasury Department was more
than four times in excess of the amount of the
loss.
Mr. WILSON. As I understand this matter
of printing in the Treasury Department, the hy-
drostatic presses are used solely to print the frac-
tional currency. They are not used for the pur-
pose of printing the bonds, the certificates of
indebtedness, the Treasury notes,or the notes of
the national banks. The amount of the fractional
currency is but small compared with the whole
amount of printing done in the Department. I
think that any gentleman who will take the trouble
to look through the testimony taken before the
committee will come to the conclusion, as I did,
that the expenditure for the purpose of experi-
menting on hydrostatic presses for printing frac-
tional currency is far beyond what Congress au-
thorized.
Mr. MORRILL. the gentleman will so frame
his amendment as not to hamper the Treasury
Department in its ordinary proceedings; if he will
so frame it as to meet the precise point which he
makes—that is, to prevent men from using the
public funds to further their own private specula-
tions—I will vote for it; but if it goes beyond that
I must oppose it. I think that the language of the
amendment, in its present form, is too broad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
reading of my amendment. 1 think the gentleman
would not object to it if he understood it.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose to change that amendment. I think that if
the gentleman has listened to it it must meet his
approbation. It certainly cannot interfere with
any of the legitimate operations of the Department.
Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
withdraws all objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. If there is any way in which
1 can move an amendment I should like to do so,
as I want to say a few words on the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Further amendment is not
in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am sorry, for I think that
the gentleman has made a great mistake.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that all of this
sum may not be necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment as amended.
Mr. PRICE. I want to understand the amend-
ment as it has been amended. I understand that
it makes an expenditure of near four million
dollars. Am I right? I understand there are
$2,000,000 in the text as it stands, §1,200,000 in
the amendment, and then $000,000 besides.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have already explained
this amendment twice.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I a<0s, by
unanimous consent, that my amendment be
transposed, and placed before the .amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont. , ,
There was no objection,,and it wfis agreed to
accordingly. >
Mr. Morrill's amendment, &s attended, was
then adopted.
The Cleric read, as follows:
Sec. 2. dni ie it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the Treasurer of the United States be. and the,same
is hereby, fixed at $6,000 per annum; the compensation of
the Assistant Treasurer nt New York, at $7,000 per annum;
and the salaries of the Assistant Treasurers-at Philadffl-
pliia, Boston, and St. Louis, nt $5,000 per annum each, to
commence from the 4th day of March next; aiuUhe amount
necessary to pay the same for the current and next flscat
year be, and the same is hereby, appropriated oat of any
money in tile Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the increased compensation authorized by this
section shall continue in force for two years from .the 4th
day of March next, and no longer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reduce the salary
of the Assistant Treasurer at New York from
$7,000 to $6,000.
I wish to inquire of the gentleman from Ver-
mont who has charge of this bill what is the pres-
ent salary of the Assistant Treasurer at New Y ork.
Mr. MORRILL. Six thousand dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. The presentealary is $6,000,
while the salary of the Treasurer of the United
States is $5,000. This increases that salary from
$5,000 to $6,000. The salary has been doubled
within the last four years, or since the war began.
It was only $3,000 at that time. And it is now
proposed to increase the salary of the Assistant
Treasurer at New York to $7,000—$1,000 more
than is proposed to be paid to the Treasurer of
the United States. Is it not rather singular to
pay the first officer connected with the Treasury
$6,000 and one of his assistants $7,000? This also
increases the salary of the Assistant Treasurers at
Philadelphia, Boston, and St. Louis from $4,000
to $5,000. It seems to me that we ought not to
encourage this increase of salaries, and therefore
1 have moved the pending amendment. I hope
the House will not increase the salary of the
Assistant Treasurerat New York beyond $6,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, as a general
principle I concur entirely with the gentleman
from Indiana and all those who oppose the in-
crease of salaries, but evidence was presented to
the Committee of Ways and Means which they
thought sufficient to induce them to make a unan-
imous report in favor of the increase of this
amount. Why, sir, there is no comparison be-
tween the amount of business done by the Treas-
urer of the United States now and what was done
four yearsago. You can hardly induce men who
give bonds to an enormous amount for the faithful
performance of their duties to hold these offices
at the present salary. No man in this House
could be hired to take the risk as a mere com-
mercial speculation for the amount of this salary.
And in relation to the Assistant Treasurer of tho
United Stales at New York, it was with the ut-
most difficulty that a man of sufficient character
and experience in that city could be pressed to
take that office. The present incumbent was only
induced to accept the office by the Treasurer
upon the understanding that he would recommend
to Congress an increase of his salary. At the
time he was appoin ted he was receiving $8,000 per
annum in the business of a private company, ancl
he wasalso promised $10,000the next year. The
Committee of Ways and Means propose to in-
crease his salary to $7,000, and the balance he
must take in honor. Under the circumstances it
has become indispensable, as shown to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that we should have
not only men of ripeexperience but men who are
willing to devote themselves as diligently to the
service of the Government as they would to their
own private offices, and that cannot be done with-
out a liberal salary.
Mr. ODELL. I move to amend by striking out
"$7,000"and inserting in lieu thereof,"$8,000,"
so as to make the salary of the Assistant Treasurer
of New York $8,000. I do so believing that the
services rendered by the gentleman who now oc-
cupies that position are worth that money. 1 haye
no sympathy with the sentiment expressed by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holm^n] with ref-
erence to the salaries of these high offices of trust.
He who now occupies this position, Mr. Stewart,
left a position giving him a higher salary at .the
