342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
urgent solicitation, I might almost say the demand
of the Government, and took the head of that de-
partmental New York. Itisknown togentlemen
here that other gentlemen had the proffer of that
place, but that Mr. Stewart, almost at the com-
mand of the Government, consented to occupy
I lie place at a salary less than he was receiving
before from a private banking institution of which
he was president. I hope the salary will be put
at $8,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I take 'it for granted that a
public officer in the performance of any given
duty devotes his entire time and talents to its
performance, and I should suppose that the former
Assistant Treasurer at New York, whose salary
was only $4,000 per annum was compelled to give
his entire time and experience to the discharge
<>f his duties, and that his responsibility was of
the same character as it is to-day. The increase
of the business of a department does not increase
the duties or the responsibilities of its head. If he
be a man of integrity he can incur no responsi-
bility, he does not even by the perfidy of his sub-
ordinates.
What astonishes me more than all else is that
those gentlemen upon the other side of the House
who have been the leaders in economy in assail-
ing these petty items of increase of comparatively
small salaries are so passive when it is proposed
to increase a salary from $5,000 to $7,000. Those
gentlemen have devoted hours of debate in oppo-
sition to a slight increase of small salaries—the
salaries of clerks. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] and from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] attacked with great vehemence the attempt
to increase the salaries of clerks and of the police,
and other humble salaries; but when a proposi-
tion is introduced to increase the compensation of
this high officer of the Government, no voice is
raised against it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We were
waiting for the other side of the House to show
a little spirit upon this occasion.. We have been
fighting the effort to increase these salaries all
through,and we have received very little support
from that side of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the contrary, so far from
that being correct, on the very proposition which
was a short time since lost by the casting vote of
the Chairman, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes]—there being 50 to 50 on a divis-
ion—most of the opposition came from this side
of the House. The onlydivision which has been
had to-day was on that proposition.
What meansall this talk about there being only
a few men who can fill this position? Why, sir, the
country is full of men competent to any of the
offices. It could not be otherwise in acoutitry full
of intelligence and energy. There are men in the
ranks of your armies who are competent both in
integrity and ability to perform the duties of this
position, and who have the experience necessary
to enable them to perform them. The truth is, as
every man knows, that themoroarduous and diffi-
cult duties in connection with all these Depart-
ments are performed, not by the heads of the De-
partments, but by those occupying comparatively
inferior positions, and receiving but a pittance of
compensation—men who have served in the ca-
pacity of clerks for a lifetime. It is not true in
fact, with all deference to the opinions of gentle-
men, that there are so few men in the country fit
to fill offices such as is filled by this gentleman in
New York as to justify an extravagant increase
of salary to secure any particular one, and yet it
is said that we must pile up the salary for the
purpose of obtaining the benefit of competent ser-
vices. Salary alone seems to be considered; the
honor of the position, the claims of the country
upon its eminent citizens at a time when so many
sacrifices are being made, are never taken into the
account.
I have always estimated the duties of the Treas-
urer of the United States as of a very delicate
character, requiring eminence at least in integrity
and general experience in affairs, and I thought
when this war began that a salary of $3,000 a
year, although the Treasurer then devoted all his
time to the duties of the office, was scarcely suf-
ficient, and hence I made no opposition to raising
it to $4,000, and subsequently to $5,000;but when
the House deliberately at the last session, not
onlyin Committee of the Whole butin the House,
struck out the item making that salary $6,000,
and, when the Senate put it in, disagreed to it, it
seemed to me that the Committee of Ways and
Means, bowing to the solemnly expressed judg-
ment of the House, would not again insist upon
bringing this subject to our consideration unless
directed by the House.
I should complain of the action of that com-
mittee whatever might be my views now of the
policy of increasing his salary. And yet I should
greatly prefer seeing his salary increased than
any other. I think it now lower, duties and re-
sponsibilities considered, than any enumerated in
this section. Standingalone, now, there wouklbe
less objection to increase his salary than in the
connection in which it stands. The eminent ser-
vices of General Spinner are appreciated. His
spotless integrity and patient and laborious per-
formance of his duties are known and appreciated.
The country has been most fortunate in having
such a citizen the custodian of the public treas-
ure. I cannot believe that his salary should be
less than the Assistant Treasurer at New York.
I am not proposing any motion on the subject of
the increase of his salary. I do not propose if
the increase of the other salaries is stricken out
to get belligerent over the increase of the Tieas-
urer's salary alone. I know there are strong
arguments for the increase if any of the higher
salaries are to be increased, but this is not now
before the committee.
The question now before the committee is upon
a proposition to increase the salary of the Assist-
ant Treasurer in New York to $7,000, while leav-
ing the salary of the Treasurer of the United
States, who is responsible for the whole of the
public funds, and to whom the Treasurer at New
York is but an assistant, both in the dignity of
position and in responsibility, at $6,000. I have
heard no argument, and I donot believe there isan
argument which will justify this discrimination,
which puts the salary of the subordinate $1,000
higher than that of the principal.
The question was taken on Mr. Odell's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
to amend the section by striking out the word
"six" in the third line and inserting "five" in
lieu thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. The pending amendment is
to strike out "seven" and insert "six," and it
seems to me that another amendment of the text
cannot be made. *
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois pertains to a different sub-
ject than that to which the original amendment
applies, and therefore, during the pendency of the
original amendment, it is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
u-olman.'j
The CHAIRMAN. It refers to the salary of
the Assistant Treasurer in New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whatis it?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is to strike out " seven"
and insert" six," so as to make the salary $6,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
nmend so as to make it $5,000, and that will enable
me to say what I desire to say. I think the com-
mittee may as well meet this question of raising
salaries here as at any other time, and meet it
squarely.
It is true, as the gentleman from Indiana has
stated, that this question of raising the salary of
the Treasurer of the United States was passed
upon at the Iastsession ofCongress,and Congress
determined that the salary should not be raised.
The Senate,according to my recollection, put in
an amendment raising it and the House rejected
it. I was one of those who voted against raising
the salary of the Treasurer of the United States,
as that was a marked case. I believed then, as
I believe now, that if any salaries are to be raised
at all the salary of the Treasurer ought to be
raised. He is a gentleman of the highest integrity
and capacity, with whom I had the pleasure of
serving in Congress for six years, and there was
not a closer voter in Congress than General Spin-
nsr was. He was the first man in the House to
oppose any increase of salaries and all extravagant
expenditures.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
might have observed that the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] and his colleague, [Mr.
Price,] and myself have become somewhat fa-
tigued in endeavoring to cut down these expend-
itures. We have almost invariably failed, and
have not received the aid of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House. This is a proposition
to raise the salary of the Assistant Treasurer at
New York $1,000, and I should like to know why
that officer should have $1,000 more salary than
the Treasurer of the United States. And then it
makes the salaries of the Assistant Treasurers at
Philadelphia and Boston and St. Louis $5,000,
increasing them $l,000or$l,500perannum. But
other equally meritorious cases have been passed
over. I desire to know why the salary of the
Assistant Treasurer at Chicago, where I believe
there is very neaily as much business as at Bos-
ton, or St. Louis, or, perhaps, even at Philadel-
phia, has not been raised when the salaries of
others are being raised ? I would have introduced
an amendment to raise the salary of the Assistant
Treasurer at Chicago, but, as I have said, I am op-
posed to the raising of any salaries. As the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who sits near
me says, all of these sub-Treasurers whose sala-
ries are raised are fortunate enough to be repre-
sented on the Committee of Ways and Means. I
do not undertake to say that that has had any
influence in getting the salaries of these officers
raised; but 1 observe that the salaries of these
officers, with equal claims, have not been raised.
I trust the committee understands the subject, and
will pass upon it now, and say whether we are
willing to go into a general increase of salaries or
not.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I believe I
have performed what is my simple duty in rela-
tion to this matter. After looking over the whole
subject I became satisfied that there was a neces-
sity for raising the salary of the Assistant Treas-
urer at New York if the Government would have
the services of a first-class man for the place.
The office, as is well known to all members of
the House, went a begging for months. Mr.
Cisco declined and resigned his place, and was
only induced by the urgent persuasion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remain until lie couM
find a suitable and proper man. A man who holds
that position in New York is necessarily subject
to a much larger expense than if he held it in this
city. He has to negotiate large sums, has a very
large number of clerks under his charge, and is
under the necessity of living in greater style, per-
haps, than is the Treasurprat Washington. Nev-
ertheless the increase of the pay of the Treasurer
here is demanded as a matter of justice to the
present incumbent. There is no more faithful
officer in the whole land than the present occu-
pant of that position. As is well known to the
members of the House, he has nearly broken down
his health by long and continuous labor in that
officc. For a large part of the time during the
last four years he has labored in that office no less
thnn sixteen hours a day, taking his meals in his
office.
Now, in relation to the matter of the Treasurer
at Chicago, I desire to ask the gentleman from
Illinois what the name of the Treasuier is at
Chicago.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can tell
the gentleman from Vermont the name of the col-
lector, who also discharges the duties of treasurer.
It is Luther Haven, one of the most responsible
and estimable gentlemen in the country; a man of
the highest intelligence, and equally worthy of a
high salary as any of the other officers provided
for in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, we did not
report an increase of salary for a sub-Tieasurer
at Chicago, simply because there was no officer
of that class there. The West has not been neg-
lected. The gentleman charges that all those
places are represented in the Committee of Ways
and Means. That is a mistake. I represent none
of them.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Ver-
mont suggests that the question of increasing the
compensation of General Spmner is not involved
in this discussion. I believe, myself, that there
are infinitely stronger arguments in favor of in-
creasing his salary than there are in favor of in-
creasing any of these other salaries.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BLOW. I move to amend the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
