1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as the members with whom I am now acting are
opposed; and if this discussion is to be continued
I wish now to advertise the Senate that military
government,and government established by mil-
itary power cannot be recognized in the Senate
of the United States in one night of this session;
and if forced to the mental encounter, I will enter
into it and discuss somewhat the fundamental
principles which lie at the very foundation of this
bill. «
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me, I was going to make a sug-
gestion, and I will now make it to the Senate. I
do not know whether it will meet with any favor
or not. I have no disposition to keep the Senate
here, or to force'a vote unieasonably, if 1 have
the power to do so, which I have not. A majority
of the Senate control. But if we could go on with
this resolution on Monday, take it up at one
o'clock, and proceed with it without dilatory mo-
tions to adjourn and postpone, and, of course, let
everybody discuss it who desires to do so—we
cannot prevent that in the Senate until we come
to a vote—if the Senate will agree to that, or could
have an understanding that that should be the
course pursued, I would not resist the adjourn-
ment. I think the Senator from Massachusetts
ought to be satisfied, at any rate, with that course.
If it can be understood that we will go on with
this resolution on Monday, and continue with it
until we finish it, of course allowing everybody
to speak as long as he pleases, and that dilatory
motions shall not be interposed, 1 will not object
further to an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois 
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not know that 1 have
lost the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg; the Senator's pardon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor, unless he
yields to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I can say to-riight, al-
though without preparation, what I propose to
say on this subject as well, perhaps, as I can say
it after a week's preparation; and if it be th&pleas-
ure of the Senate to sit hete until Sunday morn-
ing, 1 am perfectly willing to go on.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator from Delaware to withdraw that motion, be-
cause, of course, if we are going to adjourn with
an understanding that this sort of thing is to be
continued, we gain nothing. Cannot we comoto
an understanding that we shall continue and dis-
pose of this resolution on Monday, before we
adjourn now ?
Mr.* RIDDLE. I will withdraw the motion to
enable the Senator to make that proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have made that propo-
sition.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us adjourn, and that
will leave this resolution as the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
made, in a certain sense, an appeal to me. When
he made it I said to myself, " There was a Sena-
tor from lllinoi&once in this Chamber. His name
was Douglas. He, too, broughtforward arprtfpo-
sition calculated to bring discord upon the coun-
try." You know it as the Kansas-Nebraska
hill. I had the honor of a seat here at the time.
He brought that proposition in precisely as my
friend from Illinois now brings this in, proudly,
confidently, almost menacingly, saying that he
was to pass it—was it not in twenty-four hours?
Mr. WADE. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. Right off, precisely as the
Senator from Ulinois'now speaks. The Senator
from Illinois tears a leaf outof that hateful book;
and now with another question, kindred in char-
acter to that which was once introduced by the
other Senator from Illinois, he undertakes to press
it upon the Senate. He takes a copy from that
English officer who, in the time of the stamp act,
said he would cram the stamps down the throats
of the American people with the hiltof his sword,
if need be. He is going to cram his resolution
down the throats of the Senate, and he appeals
to us to enter into some compact or understand-
ing that we will allow the operation to proceed
without the least resistance; that we will quietly
consent to the cramming process. To be sure
there is no hiltof a sword which he threatens to
employ, like the British officer, but he wishes to
cram his measure down the throats of the Senate.
Now, sir, I think it better that the Senate
should proceed with this as it does with oth'er mat-
ters, according to the regular order of business.
There is the bankrupt bill, a practical measure,
interesting to the whole c<*mmerce of this coun-
try, to every business man that there is from the
east to the west and the north to the south. It
is in charge of the Senator from Connecticut, who
is taking time now on a measure destructive, as
I solemnly believe, to the interests of his country,
time which ought to be given to that other meas-
ure in which the commerce of the land is so largely
involved.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the honorable Senator
what he means by my taking time on this meas-
ure, I certainly have taken no time to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Senator to
be insisting upon giving the time to Louisiana.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman's memory is
wonderfully short. It is not six hours since I
moved that the Senate fix the consideration of
the bankrupt bill for seven o'clock this evening,
and proceed with it during the evening.
Mr. SUMNER. That is true.
Mr. FOSTER. I pressed it upon the Senate
against the opposition of theSenatorfrom Illinois,
although I said I agreed with the Senator from
Illinois in the importance of his resolution; but I
Was desirous of getting the bill which the honor-
able Senator speaks of as having been delayed,
before the Senate, not having an opportunity
heretofore, unless I broughtit in contact with, the
bill which the Senator has pressed here, and so
familiarly known as the Camden and Amboy
bill, which he has not had the charge of regularly,
but one which he has exercised a kind of pater-
nity over, and has asserted over and over that it
must not give way to any bill. I saw the futility
of antagonizing the bankrupt bill with that, and
did not, but I did with this, hoping to get its
consideration to-night. I failed; but J, am not to
be charged with it when I did all 1 could to suc-
ceed.
Mr. SUMNER. I am grateful to the Senator
for the effort he made. My only regret is .that he
has not continued the effort, and that now, for I do
not know how many votes, he has insisted upon
keeping this other question before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, it is not my habit to continue to oppose
the expressed will of a majority of the Senate of
the United States of .which I am a member.
When the sense of the majority is deliberately
and clearly expressed, I, perhaps very timidly
and improperly, submit to it.
Mr. SUMNER,. Mr. President, let me be frank.
I intend no criticism of the course of the Senator.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly am perfectly will-
ing to be the subject of the Senator's criticism.
I only want the fact and the criticism to go to-
gether.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator wishes the fact
and the criticism togo together. Well, sir, I wish
the fact and the criticism to go together. If the
question is to be one of controversy, I wish it to
be known that the Senator, after having failed to
have the bankrupt bill taken up, has cooperated
lustily with those who are disposed to keep the
Senate occupied by this other measure to the ex-
clusion of the bankiupt bill.
I was presenting, or trying to present, to the
Senate some of the important measures which are
not yet acted upon, and which the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Connecticut unite
in postponing in order to press this ill-omened
measure. I said there was the bankrupt bill. The
Senator from Connecticut has reminded me also
of a bill in which I take an interest, known as the
bill to regulate commerce among the States; a
most important measure, of vital interest, I think,
to every patriot in the land. Thatis a bill which
has been steadfastly opposed by certain Senators
by dilatory motions and by antagonizing other
business. Though it was introduced at the last
session, we have not yet been allowed to get a
vote upon it; and the Senator from Illinois is
partly responsible for that. He has opposed our
getting a vote. And now, sir, here is his bant-
ling, not a week old, that he is pressing upon the
attention of the Senate. I think it would be bet-
ter if the Senator would unite with us in passing
that earlier measure that undertakes to regulate"
the internal commerce of the States; to pass ^the
bill in charge of the Senator from Connecticut;
to pass the tax bill; to pass the useful, beneficent
measures that are before us; and forgetting that
leaf from the earlier Senator from Illinois, cease to
press an obnoxious measure and try to cram it
down our'throats. Sir, we all remember the fate
of those efforts of the other Senator from Illinois:
that notwithstanding his efforts and his boasts,
his measure did not come to a vote for many long
weeks. It was to be voted on the first twenty-four
hours, then in forty-eight hours; we had solemn
notice given us day by day, very much as the
Senator from Illinois gives, us notice on this other
question; but they did not reach the vote for
weeks, because the question was important, and
there was in those days a certain liberty in the
Senate, and it was exercised by Senators.
Mr. DOOLITTLE obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word to my honorable friend from Massachusetts,
and then I will give way to my friend from Illinois.
Mr. President, I have not been an indifferent
spectator to the scenes wc have witnessed here to-
night. They are scenes which I wish the whole
country could look in upon. I wish they could*
analyze these proceedings, and read over the
names of the men who have been voting on these
. dilatory motions to prevent the Senate from com-
ing to a vote upon what all regard as a very im-
portant measure. Men differ in their opinions,
it is true, as to this measure, whether it should
or should not pass; but all concede that it is an
important measure. Now, sir, not to speak of
those gentlemen who usually vote with the Oppo-
sition, but to confine myself entirely to those gen-
tlemen who usually vote with the friends of the
Administration, what do we see ? There are but
five who usually act with the Administration who
are making and voting for these dilatory motions,
and there are eighteen of the friends of the Ad-
ministration opposed to them. Thescfive,asmall
minority, not a third of the friends of the Admin-
istration on this floor, are making these dilatory
motions and complaining because my friend from
Illinois, who stands here in charge of this meas-
ure, and as we may say the lepresentative of the
friends of this measure, who when he speaks upon
it speaks the voice of this Senate by a majority
of almost two to one, desires to obtain a vote
upon it. These men are presenting themselves
here in this attitude. They say in substance,
there shall j)e no vote to-night. The Senator from
Massachusetts says that he will draw upon the
whole arsenal of parliamentary opposition; that
there can be no vote to-night; that the Senator
from Illinois, in asking a vote to-night, is but sow-
ing salt upon the sand and plowing it in; that it
is of no consequence.
This is the attitude ift which they stand*, and
at the same time they tell us they will not agree
upon any time when a vote may be had. If these
gentlemen are willing that the Senate should ex-
press its opinion, and will name the hour, or the
evening, or the day when the vote may be taken;
if theysay they will desire to discuss it; that they
think they can convince the Senate that its opin-
ion is wrong, there will certainly be r>o opposi-
tion to postponing it, if it is desired, until Mon-
day or Monday evening. There is no disposition
to crowd men so that they shall not be permitted
to speak. P nt, sir, here we have five men claim-
ing: usurp an authority over the action of the
friends of the Administration when there are
eighteen voting against them on these motions
solid; to say nothing of those honorable gentle-
men who usually act with the opposition, and
from whom of course we have no right to claim
their suppoi t in relation to measures of this kind.
They have not exhibited anything like faction.
Many of them have voted steadily against these
propositions to adjourn and these dilatory mo-
tions, because they believed it was light that the
voice of the Senate should be lakcn upon the
proposition, if it is ready to vol*.
But the honorable Senator irom Massachu-
setts, though he says lie is prepared to vote, be-
cause other Senators differ with him, presumes
they are not prepared to vote. What arrogance,
what assumed superiority on the part of one
man over his equals and his peers on this floor to
say that he is piepared to vote, but that othe^
