1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
348
Holman,] by increasing the salary of the sub-
Treasurer atNew York to §7,500. I desire to say
a few words only in reference to the agent of the
Treasury at the city of St. Louis. If there is no
assay office there there ought to be. As to the
agent of the Treasury, I have this much to say:
that officer, some months ago, resigned his posi-
tion, simply because the salary was not a sufficient
inducement for him to hold the office and incur
the responsibility of paying out §130,000,000 per
annum. After his resignation was tendered, the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury tried for
months, and we aided him all we could, to pro-
cure another equally suitable and coropetentper-
son to take that position, but he failed in finding
a man of that character who would be willing to
take the responsible position for a compensation
of $4,000 per annum. The consequencc is that
Mr. Parrell is still the agent of the Treasury at
St. Louis, not because he desires to hold the
position, but at the special request of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I think we have fixed the
compensation of these officers very justly, at the
moderate sum of §5,000 for the sub-Treasurers at
Boston, Philadelphia,and St. Louis.
I can say this much in addition, that in the city
of St. Louis (I do not know how it may be in
other cities) men are notwilling to take these vast
responsibilities and give the immense securities
required, when the salary of the office is so mea-
ger that it will not compensate them for the bur-
den resting upon them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The treas-
urer of the State of Illinois receives a salary of but
§800 a year. The present treasurer is a constit-
uent of my colleague, [Mr. Ross,] and I have
never heard his integrity questioned. The late
trcasuier, a constituent of my colleague, [Mr.
Faiinswortii,] performed faithfully the duties of
the office for the same salary.
Mr. BLOW. What is his responsibility?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
great.
Mr. BLOW. How much? Ten millions?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, the
responsibility is about a thousand millions, I
reckon! [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Blow] has expired.
The amendment of Mr. Holman was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. 1 move to amend
by inserting after the woids "per annum," in
the fifth line, the following:
For compensation of Assistant Treasurer at San Fran-
cisco, $6,01)0.
I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that the present
compensation of this officer is but $4,500, which
he receives in paper, in a country where gold is
the circulating medium. That amount is alto-
gether insufficient to afford him a respectable sup-
port for himself and his family. This officer is
obliged to give bonds in the sum of $500,000; and
the responsibility resting upon him is exceed-
ingly great. He in fact discharges the duties of
some three or four officers. He discharges the
dutiesofsub-Treasurerofthe United States for that
post, and also the duties of treasurer of the Mint
of the United States, which, at that place, as is
well known, does a great deal of business. Be-
sides that, he is obliged to receive,as depositary,
all the money that is sent out by the Govern-
ment for all that coast, and also all the stamps
that are used on the Pacific side,and to distribute
them to the several States and Territories with-
out any compensation. Ho is also required to re-
ceive subscriptions for the loans of the United
States, for which no compensation is paid to him.
This proposition for an increase of his salary is
certainly a very modest and reasonable request
on his behalf.
There is a great deal of complaint on account
of the low compensation that this officer receives,
and fhere is a real necessity for its increase to at
least the amount which I propose. 1 hope that
the committee will recognize the justice of this
application, because it is impossible for a faithful
officer to discharge the duties of this office at the
present salary, unless, as in the present instance,
he does so from pure motives of patriotism.
Mr. SHANNON. Mr. Chairman, while there
is a great deal of truth in what my colleague has
stated in relation to this officer, I wish to say that,
if he will resign his place, there are probably not
less than twenty responsible gentlemen who will
apply for it immediately and will gladly take it at
the present salary, with all its labors and respon-
sibilities; there are probably not less than twenty
patriots who will come forward and demand the
position.
Mr. COLE, of California. I have no doubt,
Mr. Chairman, that there would be hundreds of
applicants for the position; but they would not be
such men as would be required for the administra-
tion of the office.
Mr. SHANNON. Yes, sir; they would be
perfectly good men.
The amendment of Mr. Cole, of California,
was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to strike out the
entire section. The case which has just been
presented by the gentleman from California is no
doubt a very meritorious case; but the committee
cannot be brought to see it in the light in which
he regards it. i have no doubt that there are
other cases equally meritorious. Here, for in-
stance, is tin? case of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] who is a most laborious
member of this House, devoting all his time and
attention to the public business, and who, I am
quite sure, does not receive an adequate.compen-
sation in view of the labor which he performs and
the value of his services. But, unfortunately, he,
like the rest of us, has to bear his proportion of
the losses resulting from the present state of war.
All public officers must do the same thing. If a
dollar in paper will not buy as much as did a dol-
lar in gold before the war, we must all alike bear
the consequences of the changed condition of af-
fairs. I therefore hope, sir, that the committee
will strike out the entire section of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee may as well determine now whether the
Government is to have faithful and competent
agents, and we are to pay them an adequate price,
or whether we are to have bunglers and swindlers,
for it comes to that. It is well known that the
late Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York left his office, although the Govern-
ment asked and urged him to remain. He found
the compensation inadequate to his labors. The
Treasurer in his report tells us that he had to
make several applications before he could get a
competent man to take it, and that with the assu-
rance that he would present his case to Congress
for the purpose of an increase of his salary. I
have no doubt, sir, that when this Congress ad-
journs without giving him an increasetl salary he
will go hack to the place that he left, where he
was receiving $8,000 per annum with much less
labor, and theie was an offer to increase it in one
year to §10,000. The Government then will be
left to those poor paupers who seek these places
because they can get nothing else to live on—men
who are wholly unfitted for these offices. This
is a time when skilled men are needed for the
service of the Government. We do not want
poor creatures who are fit for nothing except to
draw their salaries. We need men who are fit
for these responsible places. Such men can find
employment anywhere at liberal pay, and yet it
is proposed that the Government shall take the
refuse matter. We cannot get men who are fit
for these places at Iowsalaries. In my judgment,
sir, there never was a more false economy than pay-
ing competent officers niggardly salaries. There
was never a more false economy than in trying
to get men at low salaries, when those low sal-
aries will not enable us to procure men of ability
and skill.
Mr. Chairman, these are not suggestions of the
Committee of Ways and Means. They are the
suggestions of the heads of the Departments, who
say that they cannot carry on the business of the
nation in this manner. These are times which
require much skill and labor, and unless we can
get men in whom we can have confidence we may
as well stop altogether. I think, therefore, the
opposition made to this section is a mistake. If
gentlemen will consultthe heads of Departments,
and learn the trouble they are put to in order to
procure these men, they would think exactly as
I do. They have to labor to prevent them from
resigning.
I have no doubt that what the gentleman from
California has said of the office in San Francisco
is true; and that he could find enough of men there,
turned out from the mines and canals, who would
be willing to take it.
Mr. Chairman, there are as good men as any in
this House who are trilling to take it at the pres-
ent salary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.SPALDlNG. I move to strikeout "seven"
and insert " four." I am not prepared to dispute
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania the prop-
osition that the class of employes of the national
Government provided for in this section are per-
haps paid too low for their services. I am not
prepared to deny his proposition that ordinarily
to command the first-class-ability we have to give
the first-class pay. But, sir, I do differ with him
when he says that this Government must, in its
present embarrassment, raise the pay of its em-
ployes. And I am not prepared to take a distinc-
tion between officers and soldiers of our Army,
and officers and sailors of our Navy, who are
poorly paid, and these gentlemen who exercise a
trust in the office of the sub-Treasury in the dif-
ferent cities. It cannot be unknown to the mem-
bers of this committee that at this moment every
class of employes under our Government are press-
ing upon us applications for increase of pay,
and upon the same grounds now stated by my
friend from Pennsylvania, that they cannot live
upon their monthly pay and salaries.
Why, sir, the Committee on Naval Affairs,
of which I have the honor to be a member, ia
now overburdened with applications from every
part of every department of the naval service for
increased pay; and I understand that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is pressed in the same
way. We know that the officers and men in the
Army and Navy ask for increased pay. If any
class of our citizens be heard they should be heard
in regard to an increase of pay for their services.
But it is not confined to them, for all the clerks in
all the Departments here in Washington are -mak-
ing an attack upon this Congress for an increase of
their compensation. Now, it becomes this com-
mittee at this point to determine whether the Gov-
ernment is prepared with money to answer these
repeated demands now made upon it. Why, sir,
if I understand the condition of thihgs correctly,
it is with difficulty that we pay from quarter to
quarter the soldiers we have now under arms in
the field. Is it not so? Are there not millions
of suspended accounts now in the Treasury
Department, and are we prepared to swamp the
Treasury at once, by casting upon it, in the shape
of increased pay to the employes of the Govern-
ment, I do not know how many hundreds of mil-
lions more,but hundred's of millions it must be?
I object, in the first instance, to any increased
pay; and I intend to follow up that course until
I find a disposition in the House to enlarge sala-
ries, and when they do that, 1 am for taking down
the bars and letting all come in. And what will
be the consequence?
Mr. BROOKS. I did not intend to say any-
thing upon this subject, nor do I intend now to
extend my remarks beyond that of the sub-
Treasurer of New York. Seven thousand dol-
lars, I know, is an enormous "salary in the esti-
mation of many gentlemen who live where such
salaries are not common. But in the city of New
York, salaries of §25,000 a year are given to par-
ties having far less responsibility than the sub-
Treasurer at New York. This is an office which
must be given to a rich man. It is not an office
for a poor man. It is an office which no poor man
can possibly have, for at the start he is obliged to
give bonds to the amount of $400,000; and no
poor man can give such a bond unless he has
some preliminary arrangement outside to steal
more than the amount of the bond. There are
hundreds of men in New York who would take
the greatest pleasure in giving this #400,000
bond, give §1,000,000 for the position of the
New York sub-Treasurer for a single year. I
could furnish a regiment of such applicants for
office; but in order to obtain the right sort of a
man a salary must necessarily be given him cor-
responding to that which is given in like cases in
other employments. When the incomes of men
border upon a million a year, it is not to be ex-
pected that such men will desire to take the office
of sub-Treasurer at $7,000ayear. And therefore
the Department had exceeding difficulty in obtain-
ing a man of so high a character as the gentle-
man who now holds that office.
Gentlemen from the interior must not estimate
their salaries in the interior by the salaries which
