644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
are necessarily given in New York city. Many
men in the interior obtain their butter, for exam-
ple, for twenty, thirty, and forty cents a pound,
- -and the farmer makes a profit by making it at fif-
teen cents a pound. We in New York are obliged
to pay seventy and seventy-five cents a pound for
itj'and eggs, and everything else, are high in pro-
' portion. The rent of a house, respectable for a
man intrusted with such a high office, would ab-
sorb fully one half of the salary we propose to
give. Gentlemen must bear in mind that a new
syotem of administration of the Government has
been established since the war broke out. The
"sub-Treasury of New York has become a great
"national banking institution, and disburses di-
rectly or indirectly, in some form or other, by
' fexchange or otherwise, $1,000,000,000 annually;
apd the Assistant Treasurer handles, in all prob-
ability, a far greater sum of money than would
be necessary to carry on the pecuniary adminis-
tration of this Government. We have voted to-
day $3,700,000 for the mere printing of this money
which the Assistant Treasurer of New York has
more or less to handle. Our appropriations for
the great Mint at Philadelphia are only $150,000
"in this bill, while the appropriation for the paper
money which runs through the hands more or less
of" the Assistant Treasurer of New York 
Mr. MORRILL. Of course the gentleman
from New York does not mean to misstate any-
thing, but we have not appropriated any such
aum as he states for the mere printing. It in-
cludes the whole expense of the loans, paper, and
a large number of other items.
Mr. BROOKS. There was an appropriation
in the bill of over two million dollars, and the
fentleman has offered an amendment which we
ave passed appropriating $1,100,000 more.
Mr. MORRILL. That includes the expense
of adhesive stamps and other things.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, that is merely an in-
cidental topic. I am desirous of sustaining the
position taken by the gentleman from Vermont
that this is.hardly an adequate salary. 1 am
quite sure the House cannot do better than vote
this sum.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. I renew the amendment, so
that my remarks may be in order. I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] will prevail. I think we may as well meet
this question of the in«rease of salaries and of
compensation at once. If, however, that motion
shall not prevail, I shall then move to insert the
city of Chicago among these other places where
the comperisatisn is increased. I know that the
person who discharges the duties of this office
there receives only $1,400 compensation, and lie
is responsible for more than $100,000,000 per an-
num which passes through his hands. Of course
the compensation is entirely inadequate, and the
disparity between the value of the services ren-
dered and the compensation given can be no greater
in New York, or Boston, or Philadelphia, or any-
where in the United States. There is no officer
under the Government who discharges as respon-
sible duties, in my judgment, for such small com-
pensation; and yet, in the present condition of the
finances of the country, there is patriotism enough
there to enable the Government to obtain a com-
petent man to discharge the duties of that office
at the present rate of compensation, and I believe
there is patriotism enough everywhere to dis-
charge the duties of these offices.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
refers to the large yearly incomes of gentlemen
living in the city of New York, and he says there
are plenty of men there who would be willing to
take the office for the sake of the stealings of the
office. I would like to know if there is not some
patriotic wealthy man in New York who would
take the office at such a time as this and discharge
its duties for the compensation now allowed by
law, and for the honor and distinction of serving
the country at the present time. I believe that
you can obtain at the present rate of compensa-
tion competent men to discharge the duties of all
these offices, and that an increase of compensation
is entirely unnecessary. It is not pretended that
men in the employment of the Government are
adequately paid in these times. There is scarcely
a high officer in the Army or a man in high civil
position, who is paid an adequate pecuniary com-
pensation for the services which he is now ren-
dering; but we do not see patriotic soldiers or
civilians leaving the public service at such an hour
because their compensation is too small. We
do not see distinguished members of this House
retiring because their compensation is inadequate.
I trust, sir, that the House will to-day indicate,
by rejecting this entire section, an indisposition
to increase the salaries of civil officers.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Illinois
has made a conclusive argument against the
amendment which he says he will offer hereafter,
and hence it is not necessary for me to refer to it.
Mr. Chairman, " facts are stubborn things."
We cannot resist the evidence that we have tried
lo w salaries in some of these places and they have
been found insufficient to accomplish the purposes
of the Government. We know from actual ex-
periment that the requisite ability and experience
cannotvbe had in the city o f New York for the
salary that wc have heretofore paid. In the face of
this evidence I do not believe it wise on the part of
the committee to go on and legislate so that we
shall have no competent officers in these places.
I believe in keeping the fountains pure at their
source."
What are the facts? Since the commencement
of this rebellion not a dollar has been lost through
frauds in these sub-Treasuries. That is not our
experience in the past history of the country. It
is well known that the sub-Treasurer at New Y orlc
has a large force under his command and is made
responsible for them. Some days they have to
receive and pay out not less than $20,000,000 in a
single day. To be sure, a large portion of this
is in paper. But on some days it is very large,
amounting to millions in absolute coin. If one of
his clerks take a counterfeit note, or a spurious
coin, the sub-Treasurer alone is responsible. It
is a very difficult matter to carry on operations of
such a gigantic nature, and to have them always
come out without the loss of a dollar.
Under these circumstances I trust that the House
will act with its usual judgment. It is a separate
and distinct question from that of raising salaries
generally; and I am glad to see so much evidence
on the part of members that we will rather under-
take to improve the currency and make it more
valuable to the men who have salaries, and to our
officers and soldiers in the field, than to go upon
the principle of a general increase of salaries
throughout the country.
Mr. ARNOLD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move a pro forma
amendment in order that I may say why 1 shall
vote for the proposal of the Committee of Ways
and Means. In the first place it is my habit to
follow that committee with only about half an
eye open; and in this particular case my eyes
have been opened wide by the debate that has
sprung up on the proposition. 1 am opposed to
any increase of salaiies that have heretofore been
fixed at a proper rate for the services performed,
wlieie that increase is asked because of the depre-
ciation of the currency or the increase of the nom-
inal valueof articles. I thoughtatthe last session,
and I think now, that the remedy for the evil is
in remedying the currency and not in increasing
salaries. 1 will vote for any measure that tends
to reduce the volume of the currency and thereby
add to its value; but I shall not vote to increase
any salary merely because it is insufficient by
reason of the depreciation of the currency.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman from Ma-
ryland permit me to make a remark here?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman will be incon-
sistent with this section of the bill, because it is
provided that the increased compensation author-
ized shall notcontinue in force for more than two
years from the 4th of March next. I presume
the Committee of Ways and Means expects to
return to specie payments before then.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Or the Committee
of Ways and Means may suppose that the war
will be ended and the extraordinary expenses of
the Government reduced within such a volume
as that less compensation will procure adequate
business talent to perform the duties. One hy-
pothesis is as legitimate as the other; and either
is only hypothesis. The reason for the increase
asked here is this: you must have business men
to transact the business of the Government. The
patriotism of the people may very well be called
upon in every legitimate form to support the Gov-
ernment; but you do not anywhere else rely on
the patriotism of the people to fill the offices of the
Government. If youaretotransactbusinessyou
must have business capacity, and pay for it at
business rates. Now, the amount of business
cast on this particular officer has no just propor-
tion to the compensation paid him in comparison
with the salaries paid for like services in the or-
dinary business of the country. This is not the
increase of an inadequate salary, become inade-
quate because of the depreciation of the currency,
but it is the increase of a salary inadequate on
its original basis, and therefore requiring to be
increased. ,
For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I shall vote
for the proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means. In my judgment a responsible officer
will save a thousand-fold his salary every year,
whereas an incompetent man, by mere errors,
bungling, and stupidity, to say nothing of pos-
sible cheating, will cost the.Government ten times
his salary every year. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson, to strike out
the second section, was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 43, noes 51.
Mr. WILSON. I will not call for tellers on
this question, if it be understood that we shall
have an opportunity to take a vote on the ques-
tion in the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall have no objection to
that, because I shall move to reinsert the section
as it was originally, except in one particular, and
that will give the gentleman the opportunity he
desires.
Mr. ARNOLD. I now move to amend by in-
serting, " the salary of the Assistant Treasurer
at Chicago shall be $4,000." The salary of that
officer is now $1,400. 1 ask the gentleman from
Vermont to give his assent to this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 cannot give such assent.
There has been no action of the committee on
this subject.
Mr, ARNOLD. An increase of this salary was
repeatedly recommended by the late Secretary of
the Treasury. I could, were it necessary, have
read to the House a communication from the late
Secretary tof the Treasury recommending an in-
crease ot this salary. There is no case anywhere
of such inadequacy of salary with reference to
the amount of labor and the responsibility. This
office was created and the salary fixed when Chi-
cago was a village of five or ten thousand in-
habitants, with no considerable commerce. It
has now grown to be one of the largest cities in
the Union, and this officer at that point now has
the responsibility of receiving and paying out
hundreds of millions of dollars per annum. Be-
cause he has not been persistently demanding an
incieasc of salary certainly lie should not be made
the victim of an unjust discrimination, when an
increase of compensation is given to the Assistant
Treasurers at New York, Boston, and St. Louis.
I say with the utmost confidence that in no one
of the cities where the salary is increased is there
so great a disparity between the labor and the re-
sponsibility on the one hand and the salary on the
other, as there is in the case of this officer in the
city of Chicago. He has not been dogging the
heels of the Committee of Ways and Means, urg-
ing an increase of his pay; but if an increase should
be made anywhere, it should certainly be made
in the case of this most meritorious officer, who
has not been persistent in demanding an increase,
but has faithfully attended to the discharge of his
duties. I hope, therefore, that this amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
I cannot vote for the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] and I hope that the
House will hereafter adopt the proposition of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] to strike
out the whole section.
Mr. ARNOLD. If this amendment be adopted
I will cheerfully vote with the gentleman to strike
out the whole section.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I wish to say,
Mr. Chairman, that I cannot see why the argu-
ment pressed by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] will not apply to every other case
in which we are asked to increase salaries. Have
not the labors of every head of a Department or
bureau increased during this war? Have not the
