1865.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1III
checking anybody in debate, but simply that he
and those acting with him should not make a fac-
tious opposition, should not make dilatory mo-
tions. When I asked him if he was willing to
let it .go over, and let us take it up and proceed
with it on another day until we finish it, each
person taking as much time as he pleased, but
simply with an understanding that he should not
resort to the artillery of parliamentary motions
to defeat it, he called that "cramming!"
Now, sir, it is manifest, fr.om the disposition
which has exhibited itself here on the part of a
few, and which looks to me a little like factious
opposition, that we can get no vote to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. I told you so some hours
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. If there is a
faction standing here to defeat the will of the
Senate I think the Senate will not be disposed to
weary itself with an opposition of that kind, but
would rather take another day to endeavor to
pass 4he resolution which a few will stand in
the way of action upon to-ijight. I shall not re-
sist a motion to adjourn when I see this disposi-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, like the
Senator f|-om Wisconsin, I have not been an inat-
tentive observer of the proceedings of this night's
session. The discordant elements of the Repub-
lican party are exhibiting themselves here; and
I venture the prophecy that a like exhibition will
be witnessed over the country within a very few
years. But four years ago, at the Chicago con-
vention, when Mr. Lincoln was nominated for
the Presidency, a solemn pledge was made to the
people of this country that that party, when it
came into power, would not undertake to inter-
fere with the institutions of the States. As soon
as the disturbed condition of the country gave the
pretext for it, the undertaking was commenced;
and now, when, in the judgment of some, it has
been accomplished, there comes yp the grave
question, what is to be done, and what is to be
the political condition of the four million negroes
when they are set free? And upon that ques-
tion the real strife of to-night has been witnessed.
That is the subject, and it need not be disguised.
It is growing out of the discordant elements of
the party that now governs the country.
The Democracy here to-night have favored the
consideration of the resolution that is before the
body. We have not sought to defeat legislation.
And how does it come that in the harmonious
majority we see this clash of arms in the hands
of its magnates, not with us? We are content to
be the quiet observers of the controversy. I wel-
come the strife as a harbinger of a return to those
principles that will yet save this couniry.
I am ready to go on to-night in the discussion
of this measure, and am ready to vote against it
to-night; or rather to abstain from voting, if the
gentleman fromWest Virginia [Mr.VanWinkle]
does not get here. If he is here on Monday I
shall be ready to give my vote after a very few
remarks upon the resolution.
But, sir,'the lessons of to-night have been in-
structive. There is a strife here; and it is not a
strife between gentlemen. Senatorsare too hon-
orable to have a personal controversy. It is a
strife of principle; and the question is, what is
to be done with the four million negroes when
they are set free? There are Senators upon the
Republican side who feel that it is a very trouble-
some question. Thatis the trouble here to-night.
It is not whether a particular measure shall be
considered; but that very thing; and I think the
Democracy will eventually have some gains from
gentlemen who will not go the extreme doctrine.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
is determined that nope of these States shall ever
be heard in the Halls of Congress until the men
who speak from those States speak the voice of
the negroes as well as of the white men. Other
Senators say that shall not be. We Democrats
are a unit upon thatquestion. We believe in the
sentiment of the illustrious Senator formerly oc-
cupying a seatin this body from Illinois, that this
Government was made by white men for white
men, and we expect to stand by that idea. Let
the controversy go on. The Senators and the
Republicans over the country who wish to elevate
the negro to an equality, political and social, and
civil and legal, with the white man, will have their
controversy with Senators and Republicans who
entertain sentiments with the Senator from Wis-
consin, who do not believe that the condition of
the negro in the South is such as entitles him to
control the legislation and policy of this gieat
country.
Now, Mr. President, if it is in order", I will
renew the motion 1 proposed a while ago, that
this resolution be made the order of the day for
Monday evening at eight o'clock, and then lhope
we can come together to dispose of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had better adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand the bill that
has come from the House increasing the taxes is
the order of the day for one o'clock on Monday,
and of course that cannot be displaced by this
measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, this resolution will super-
sede it if we adjourn now, because it will be the
unfinished business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am notwillingto sub-
mit a motion that will supersede that bill. 1
do not know whether that bill has gotany merits.
It is a bill we will all feel when it comes. It is
a bil.l that claims attention, either for passage or
defeat; and I do not know which. It is doubt-
ful.whether I shall vote for it; but we shall see
when it is considered and discussed. ■ It is very
clear, I think, that the Senate wiil not consent
that that bill shall lose its position for this, be-
cause this measure will hardly become a law at
this session at any rate. It is a Senate measure,
and the House of Representatives will hardly
pass it at this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they will.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it will be
passed through that body without some conver-
sation. I think there are some gentlemen over
there who will have some remarks to make about
it. I have heard some of them say so. As it
has taken this body, a small body, some time to
c$me to anything like a conclusion, it will take
Chat body, being a larger one, a good deal longer
time. I think it is a very liberal proposition now
that this measure shall be the order'of the day
for eight o'clock on Monday evening,and 1 think
the Senator from Illinois ought to consent to tliut
proposition. 1 have voted with him to secure a
vote to-night, and 1 believe every Democrat here
almost hasvotejj so as to have the question taken
to-night if possible. Now, I propose as a com-
promise that we make it the order of the day for
eight o'clock on Monday evening, and we can
have the hour between seven and eight for pri-
vate bills and little matters that Senators wish to
bring up.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 25,1865.
The House metat eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. John Thrush, of Washington, District
of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, its
Clerk, announced to the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and a joint resolution, of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 380) supplemental to the act ap-
proved 1st July, 1864, for the disposal of coal
lands and of town property in the public domain;
and
Joint resolution (S. No. 118) to authorize sur-
veys to be made with a view to the construction
of a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara; to
deepen and enlarge the Illinois and Michigan
canal, and improve the navigation of the Illinois
river; to improve the upper rapids and lower or
Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi river; and
to improve the navigation of the Fox and Wis- I
consin rivers, and for other purposes.
The message further announced ihat the Senate
had passed the following House bill, with amend-
ments; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. G88) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and re-
pairs of certain fortifications and other works of
defense, for the year ending the 30th June,"1866.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending the payment of $6,818 30
to certain Indian tribes, out of the sales of theif
lands; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
AMBltOSE MORRISON.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar discharged from the consideration of a
very meritorious bill for the relief of Ambrose
Morrison, of Nashville,Tennessee. Itis House
bill No. 463. It is a very peculiar case, and one
which commends itself very strongly to thl favor
of the House. I ask that it be taken up and dis-
posed of now. It comes here at the very urgent
solicitation of Governor Johnson, of Tennessee.
The bill wns read for information.
It provides for the appropriation of §15,000 to
pay Ambrose Morrison for his house and lot, in
the city of Nashville, Tennessee, the same hav-
ing been taken and used by the military author-
ities of the United States for the erection of per-
manent fortifications, provided, that before th6
money is paid, a good title to the lot shall be con-
veyed to the United States. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.* I desire to
say to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
that this is one of a very large class of cases, in-
volving, I think, one of the most important prin-
ciples which we are called upon to consider.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is not a parallel case
to this before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of'Illinois. I will not
object to the bunging the bill before the House,
if 1 am permitted to offeran amendment, provid-
ing that this case shall not be considered a prece-
dent for future action.
Mr. HOLMAN.- Let the bill come before the
House, and 1 will not object to an amendment
being offered.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar were discharged
from the consideration of the bill (H. It. No.
4(>3) for the relief of Ambrose Morrison, ofNash-
ville Tennessee; and the House proceeded to the
consideration of the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make no further
argument than to ask that the Clerk read the fol- ■
lowing very brief report, made by the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. YVindom] at the last ses-
sion:
The Cleik read, as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom wa* referred theme-
iiioiial and accompanying papeis ot Ambrose Moirison,
of iVasliviile, Tenne^-ee, leport:
Thai tin* memorialist presents a claim for the value of
a hou^e and lot taken posse-won of by the military author-
ities of Nashville, Tennc^ce, for the puipose ol erecting
permanent Jollifications thereon.
It appears that, in oiiler to defend Nashville against the
robe) atmy.it was deemed neee^ary to ei net foitifications,
ami on the'4th dav of May, 1863, the memorialist was no-
tified by u Geoige iiimonyhs, lieutenant of engineers,"
to vacate his hou-?e, when it was taken down and his
ground* occupied hy the fortifications.
A board of upprai>ers was duly appointed by the com-
manding officer, Biuradicr Geneial J. D. Morgan, consist-
ing of Colonel A C. Gillem, fust Tennessee infantry;
Edward 11. Eas^ secretary of State ; andA.V. S.Lmdsley,
lor the purpose of estimating the damages, and whose
award is made a p irl ol tin-, report.
Among the. many claims before your committee this is
one of the lew >o well established by indisputable testi-
monv that they have no doubt of its merit.
Thp airenN of the Government, deeming it a military ne-
cp^itv, dciibetab'ly take possession of hh propeity and
appoint commissioners ot their own choosing to place a
value upon u. Theio would seem but JUtio loft foi Congress
to do in the premises but to appiopnate the requisite
amount ot money to pay the awaid of tin; appraisers.
Aside fiom the ju^ice of this claim, it h one of those cases
that appeal directly to the sympathies of tho^e having tile
powt;i to relieve the distressed.
The most pioinim-nt loyal men of ?Va*hville, including
Goveinoi Andiew Johnson,represent that Mr. Morrison is
an invalid of several yeats' standing, being patulyzed and
unable to walk oi «tand erect. That lie has a wife and
live children, the olde>t only sixteen years of age, entirely
dependent upon bun for their «nppoir and education, and
that the piopertv taken by the Government wns his sole de-
pendence, and ihey cai nestly urye immediate measures for
his n
The whole sum found due to Mr. Morrison by saidbofml
of appiai-o--, is $10.1!-! (H>. Your committee are of thn
opinion that the genoial depreciation ot propeVry in that
M.euon ol the countiy leqtmc^- some deduction trooi the
amount thus allowed by said boaid, and believing that
