1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. GARFIELD. It does not. , Dry plate
printing is used only in producing fractional cur-
rency. It has, therefore, nothing to do with bank
bills. Dry plate printing is what is now under
consideration.
Mr. PRICE. I repeat the question—the gen-
tleman has been on the committee and can answer
it—what is the cost of printing bank bills per
thousand impressions?
Mr. GARFIELD. I can tell the gentleman,
but that is not germane to the subject under con-
sideration at all. I will tell the gentleman after
awhile.
Mr. PRICE. I prefer to have my question
answered now.
Mr. GARFIELD. And I prefer, as I am upon
the floor, to consider the question pertinently and
in my own way.
I ask the attention of the House to what I shall
read from a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury:
"The cost per $1,000 of live-cent fractional currency has
been$'.24 59; postage currency,$08 77. TlincostperSl.OOO
of ten-cent fractional euriency has been $12 2(JJ; postage
currency, $39 38. The cost per §1,000 of tweiitj-fivc-cent
fractional ctlirency has heen $'0 1-1 i; postage emreney,
$14 69J. The cost per $1,000 of fifty-cent fractional cui-
r'ency has been -S3 03}; pu-staie currency, $7 a4{.
" The whole amount ol postage currency furnished by the
bank-note companies lias been $'-20,192,956 ; the number ol
irnpicssions 6,680,364, and their cost $393,548 99. The
whole amount of fractional currency furulshcd in the De-
witt! that of the bank-note companies would cost in the
Department, as neaily as can be estimated, $158,571 89."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to answer the question whether it did
not cost over $300,000 to print §312,000 under this
experiment ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I expect that the first
sheet of the postage currency cost jj'200,000, pro-
vided they had only printed that single sheet. It
would have cost that amount if they had punted
only one sheet and had charged to that sheet all
the expense of getting up the necessary machin-
ery. It would indeed be a costly sheet that on
its face was worth only two dollars and would cost
the Government nearly a quarter of a million of
dollars. But, sir, that is not the way to estimate
the cost of printing.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask the gentleman fromOhio
whether he approves of an arrangement by which
the head of a bureau who makes the contract is
permitted to be t\ part owner of the patent under
which the printing is done?
Mr. GARFIELD. In the first place, Mr.
Speaker, I was not aware that any such arrange-
ment had been made. If there is any such ar-
rangement I most certainly do not approve of it.
Mr. DAWES. Does it not appear in the re-
port of the committee of investigation ?
Mr. GARFIELD. There was nothing in the
report concerning the patent.
Mr. DAWES. I do not speak so much of the
report as the evidence taken before the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is not involved in
this case.
Mr. DAWES. I thought the gentleman lmd
his own opinion on the subject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have given my opinion.
Mr. DAWES. Whatis the gentleman's opin-
ion oil the point 1 make, that the head of the
bureau who makes the contract for printing is a
part owner of the patent for the new kind of paper
on which it is done.
Mr. GARFIELD. If that statement is true it
does not seem to me to be a proper arrangement.
But that is not the question before the House. 1
am ready at any time to be led into a general de-
bate concerning this whole report. The subject be-
fore the House is, shall we condemn in this bill
the new mode of printing our public securities?
Shall we condemn it here and now?
Mr. DAWES. I say that it is pertinent to the
gentleman 'a argument that we shall limit this ap-
propriation, and stop the application of the money
of the Treasury to experiments to be made under
- the superintendence of the head of the bureau, so
long as he acts in the double capacity of making
the contract and owning the patent about which
the contract is made.
Mr. MORRILL. I can yield no further for
this discussion. 1 ask unanimous consent to make
a correction.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, an amendment.
When the proposition was adopted by which the
binding of the Congressional Globe was trans-
ferred to the Globe office, I moved a larger deduc-
tion than should have been made. I want now
to make the proper deduction of $18,600, so as
to leave the appropriation $55,111 24; and on
that amendment, and the bill and amendments, I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof all the amendments recom-
mended by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, together with those offered
in the House, were agreed to, with the excep-
tion of those indicated below.
Second amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole:
On page 6, line one hundred and eleven, insert after the
appropriation for the Congressional Globe the words :
And to pay the publishers for binding the same, $48,800.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Debate is not in order
strictly, but I ask unanimous consent to make a
remark or two.
Leave was granted.
Mr. A. "VV. CLARK. That appropriation,un-
der a misapprehension of facts, was made greater
in amount than was necessary. That amount of
appropriation covers both the printing and bind-
ing. The Superintendent of Public Printing called
upon mo and stated that the appropriation was
very much larger than was necessary to do the
work at theGovernmentprintmgoffice. The at-
tention of the proprietors of the Globe was called
to the matter, and they informed me that the
$48,800 covers the whole expense of printing and
binding. The Public Printer desired me to state
to the House that the expense of binding at the
Government office was ninety cents a volume; and
I find by taking these figures that the binding, as
proposed at the Globe office, would cost perhaps
one dollar a volume. The Public Printer also
informs me that the facilities for binding in his
office are entirely adequate to all the wants of the
Government, lie asks, therefore, that the bind-
ing should be retained where it is now, and that
this amount should not be deducted from the item
of the bill making appropriation for binding pub-
lic documents.
Mr. MORRILL. This amendment was intro-
duced into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the (Jnion with a statement that the Gov-
ernment printing office was utterly unable to bind
and deliver this work in proper season; that the
volumes have been withheld ever since lust ses-
sion from members, and that they have not yet
received them. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] stated that the proprietors
of the Globe were willing to bind these volumes
for the same price that it cost at the Government
office, and that they would deliver the work m
ninety days after the close of each session. I
have already offered an amendment diminishing
the amount appropriated for binding public docu-
ments by only $18,GOO, instead of $48,600.
Mr. NOBLE. 1 wjll remark that 1 made the
statement that the Globe proprietors would do the
work for the same price that it cost at the Govern-
ment office, and that they would deliver the woik
in ninety days after the close of cach session, and
I made it by authority.
Mr. A. VV. CLARK. In reply to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] I will state
that the cost at the Government office is ninety
cents per volume; and that the Globe people pro-
pose to do itatthosame price. They authorized
me to make that statement to the House. The
Public Punter is now delivering the entire set to
the House. He has forwardedthe bmdmgwith
all his energy, and he says his facilities for bind-
ing are greater than that of any other establish-
ment, and asks that the work may remain where
it is now. One argument used upon the part of
the Globe office is the safe delivery of the Globes.
The printing office is now held responsible for
the same. The woik has been done well, and as
promptly as it could have been done by any other
binding establishment m this city.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. As this first amendmcntfails
the other amendment on the same subject ought,
to fall with it. I will withdraw my amendment
to diminish the sumappropnatedforpublicprmt-
ing by the amount of $l8,fJQ0, if there bu no ob-
jection.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The amendment recommended by the Commit-
tee of the Whole, to diminish the amount appro-
priated for public binding by $48,600, was also
disagreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out section two, aa follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That the compensation of the
Treasurer of the. United States be, and the same is here*-
by, fixed at $6,000 per annum; the compensation of the
Assistant Treasurer at New York at {§6,000 per annum, and
the salaries of the Assistant Treasurers'at Philadelphia^
Boston, and St. Louis, at §5,000 per annum each, to com-
mence from the 4th day of March next; and the amount
necessary to pay the same foi the current and Yiext fiscal
year be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the increased compensation authorized by this
section shall continue in force for two years from the 4th
day of March next, and no longer.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the Treasurer of the United States be, and the same
is herebv, li^ed at §6,000 per annum ; the compensation of
the Assistant Treasurer at New York at $7,001) per annum,
and the salaries of the Assistant Treasurers at Philadel-
phia, Boston, and St. Louis, at $5,000 per annum each, to
commence ftom the 4th day of March next; and the amount
necessary to pay the same for the current and next fiscal
year he, and the same is heieby, appiopriated, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the increased compensation authorized by this
section shall continue in force for two years ftom tin; 4th
day of March next, and no longer: Jind provided furthery
That nothing herein contained shall he construed as in-
creasing the annual compensation of the treasurer of the
Mint, ex officio Assistant Treasurer of the United States
at Philadelphia, beyond .$5,000 for his services as treas-
urer of the Mint and as Assistant Treasurer.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next question recurred upon striking out
the second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. JinA he it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the Treasurer of the United States be, and the same
is hereby, fixed at $6,000 per annum ; the compensation of
the Assistant Treasurer at New York at $6,000 per annum,
and the salaries of theAssistantTreasureis at Philadelphia,
Boston, and St. Louis at $5,000 per annum cach, to com-
mence from the 4th day of Mareh next; and the amount
neee^ary to pay the same for the current and next fiscal
year be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the increased compensation authorized by this
section shall continue m force for two years from tiie 4th
day of Muich next, and no longer. '
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 39, not voting G5;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, John J). Baldwin, Baxter,
Blame, Bom well, Boyii, Broomal!,WilhamG. Btown,Chan-
jor, Clay, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Dawes, Dawson, Deni-
son, Dixon, Eckley, Eldridge, Fmck, Ganson, Gooeh, Grin-
nell, Hale, Harrington, BenjammG ilanN, Hohrian. Asahel
W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, (ngersoll, Orlando KHIogg,
Kernan, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Malioiy, Marey,
MeClmg. McDowell, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, Amos
Myers, Noble, Norton, Orth, Perham, Perry, Price, Samuel
J. Randall, William il. Randall, Edward 11. Rollins, Ross,
Schenek, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, William G. Steele,
Sule«, Strou*e, Sweat, Townsend, Tracy, Wadsworth,
Ehhu II. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wheeler,
VVilliams, Wilson, Windom, and Yeaman—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Beainan, Blow, Brooks. Ambrose W.
Cl,nk, Coflfioth. Creswell, Hcniv Winter Davis, Deming,
Pugg", Eliot, Frank, Garfield, Ilall, IJotchkiss, Jenekea,
Julian, Ke'ley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn,
Lom?ye«ar, McAllister, MeP ride, Moor head, Morrill, James
R. Morns, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Pike, Alex-
ander II Rice, John il. Rice, Scott, Shannon, Mmthors,
Stuait, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, and Wildei— 39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Anderson, Baily, Blair, Bli&s, Brandecee, Jamo>* S.
Brown, Freeman Clarke, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly,
Dtimont, Eden, Edgerton, Engli>h, Fain^woith, Gilder,
Gri^vvold. Harding, Charles M. Ilartis, ilenick, Iligby,
Hooper. Hulbind. Hulchins, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, Kalbfloisch, Kas«on, King, Knapp, Law, Maivin, Mc-
Indoe.McKinney, William H Miilei, Daniel Morris. Mor-
ii*or,'Nelson, Odell, John O'Neill, Patter-on, Pendleton,
Pomerov, Pruyn, Itadford, Robinson, Rogers, James S.
Rollins," Snuih, Starr. John B. Steele, Stevciw, Thomas,
Vooihee^, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. White, Wintieid, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, Woodbndge, and Woitlungton—05.
So the second section of the bill was struck out.
Pending the roll-call,
Mr. COBB stated that his colleague, Mr. Mc-
Indoe, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that he waspaired
off with Mr. Stevens.
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that his colleague,
