348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr. Hdlbcrd, had been called home by sickness
in his family.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the second section of the bill was struck
out; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
Bider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL moved the previous question
"on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
of the previous question the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECOND ASSISTANT SECRETARY OJ? WAR.
Mr. DEMING. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and referred
the bill of the Senate authorizing the President
,to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War.
There being no objection, an act (S. No. 385)
authorizing the President to appoint a Second
Assistant Secretary of War, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read afirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
GUNBOATS ON THE LAKES.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to have
taken from the Speaker's table and referred the
joint resolution of the Senate terminating the
treaty as to gunboats on the lakes.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
referred to was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for reference a bill extending the time
for the completion of certain land-grant railroads
in Minnesota, and for other purposes.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now insist on my motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, (at
twenty-five minutes past four, p. m.,) the House
adjourned. 
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 20, 18G5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CANCELING POSTAGE STAMPS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
befoie the House a communication from the Post-
master Genera! on the subject of a patent for can-
celing and marking the stamps used by the Post
(Ulico Department; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 212) for the relief
of Henry A. Brigham, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
TRADE WITH CANADA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Tieasury, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of Decem-
ber 20, 1864, a report of what goods have been
permitted to pass from the United States through
Canada and again into the United States, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
BURSTING OF NAVAL GUNS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary ofthe Navy, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of the 5th instant,
a report in regard to the bursting ofguns on board
the vessels of the United States fleet in the bom-
bardment of Fort Fisher; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
THANKS FOR THE CAPTURE OF FORT FISHER.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
with an amendmentjjointresolution (S. R. No. 98)
tendering the thanks of Congress to Major Gen-
eral Alfred H.Terry, and the officers and men
under his command, for their gallantry and good
conduct in the recent capture of Fort Fisher.
On motion of'Mr.SCHENCK,theHousepro-
ceeded to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion; which was lead, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of Congiess arc heiebv pre-
sented to Major General Alfred II.Terry, audio theotlicei.s
and men under his command, tor the unsurpassed gaHamrv
and skill exhibited by them in the.uuek upon Foit Fis-hci",
and the brilliant and decisive vietoty by which that import-
ant work has been captured from theiebel ibices and placed
in the possesion and undei the authomy of the United
States, and foi thru- long and faithful t-civieeand unwaver-
ing devotion to the cause ot the country in the midst of the
greatest difficulties and dangers.
Jind be it further resolved^ That the President of the Uni-
ted States he, and he hereby itf, requested to communicate
this ievolution to Major General Terry, and through him to
the officers and soldiers under his command.
The amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs was to insert in the fourth line,
before the word "major," thi; word " brevet."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time. It was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCIC. 1 move to amend the title
by inserting before the word " major" the word
" brevet."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIv moved to reconsider the vole
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
not press that motion at this time.,
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
THANKS OF CONGRESS TO GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a joint resolution expressive of the thanks
of the American people to Major General George
H. Thomas and the army under his command,
with an amendment in the form of a substitute.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the joint resolution;
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of the American people are
eminently due, and aie hereby tend wed, to General Thomas
and the army under hi^commandfortheirbitllianteouiage
and endurance, which resulted in the defeat of the lebel
at my under Hood, and the expulsion of the enemy iiom the
State of Tennessee.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs was to strike out all after the
word "resolved," and insert the following:
That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tend-
oied, to Major General George H. Thorna*, and the officers
and soldiers under his command, foi their vkill and daunt-
less coinage, by winch the iebel ai my under General Hood
was signally defeated and duvon from the State of Ten-
nessee.
The amendment was adopted.
The joint resolution was ordeied to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed,"it was
accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I learn from the reading
of the Journal this morning that the Speaker has
appointed me a member of the special committee
charged with the duty of investigating certain
charges against a member of the House. I feel
it my duty to ask to be excused from service on
that committee. 1 do not believe it will be possible
forme to devote to the matter that attention which
will probably be necessary.
There was no objection; and Mr. Allen was
excused.
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE, NEW YORK.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a jointresolution authorizing the Secretaryof the
Treasury to give the necessary notice stipulated
of the intention of the United States to purchase
the buildingknownas the Merchants'Exchange,
New York city, now used for custom-house pur-
poses.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time; and on motion of Mr. Stevens the House
proceeded to its consideration.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
give notice to the owners of the building in New
York city known as the Merchants' Exchange,
and occupied as a custom-house, of the intention
of the United States to purchase the same for the
sum of $1,000,000, in accordance with the terms
stipulated in the existing lease of the property to
the Government.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. House bill No. 598, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1866, has been returned from
the Senate with a few amendments, and we do not
think it worth while to have them referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I ask that they
be taken up and concurred in.
There was no objection, and the bill and
amendments weie taken up.
First amendment of the Senate:
In the following, before the word "Mexico" insert the
woids " republic of:"
Fori-alaueb of envoysextraordinary,minihlers,and com-
missioners of the United States at Great Britain, France,
Russia, Piuxsiu, Spain, AuMria, Brazil, Mexico, China,
Italy, Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Belgium,
Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, New Grenada, Bo-
livia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sand-
wich Islands, Costa llica, Honduras, Argentine Confedera-
tion, Paraguay, Japan, and Salvador, @308,500.
Mr. COX. If there be aperfectconcurrcnce in
that amendment I have nothing to say; otherwise
I should like to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Stuke out " St. Lambert and Longueuil" from the list
of consulates, schedule B.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
in the following, increase the appropriation from $5,000
to $20,000:
For expenses incuried under instructions from the Sec-
retary of State, m bringing home from foreign countries
persons charged with crime, and expenses incident thereto,
ยง5.000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Add at the end ofthe bill-
For expenses of the commission to run and mark the
boundary line between the United States and the British
possession? bounding on Washington Territory, $13,250.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments were concurredin; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
