<850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
< 'Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that this bill ought to go to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I would state
to the gentleman from Iowa that it is simply an
extension of the charter of this insurance com-
pany. The charter expired by a mistake, and I
cannot conceive that anybody can have any ob-
jection £o the bill. The District Committee in the
Senate reported it unanimously, and it passed the
Senate unanimously.
Mr. WILSON. Has the Committee for the
District of Columbia of this House passed on this
bill?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. We have not
considered it, but I do not think there is any neces-
sity for its reference. This company has been in
existence for forty years in Washington.
Mr. .WILSON. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, i do not think
it necessary to refer it.
Mr. WILSON. I think it had better be ex-
amined by the committee, if they have notalready
examined it.
Mr. Wilson's motion was agreed to; and the
bill was accordingly referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VIHGINIA.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
bill of the House No. 664, for changing the time
of holding the circuit coutts in the district ofVir-
ginia, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third lime,
and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. BOUTWELL also, by unanimous con-
sent, and from the Comtniuee on the Judiciary,
reported back, without amendment, bill of the
Senate No. 72, supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to presciibe an oath of officc, and for
other purposes," approved July 2, 1862.
The bill provides that no person, after the date
of this act, shall be admitted to the bar of the
Supreme Court of the United' States, or at any
time after the 4th of March next be admitted to
the bar of any circuit court or district court of
the United States, or the Court of Claims, as an
attorney or counselor, or be allowed to appear
by virtue of any previous admission, or any spe-
cial powers of attorney, unless he first takes and
subscribes the oath prescribed in the "act to pie-
scvibo an oath of office," approved July 2, 1862,
which said oath so taken and subscribed shall be
preserved among the files of such court, and that
any person who shall falsely take said oath shall
be guilty of perjury, and, on conviction, be liable
to the pains and penalties of perjury, and the ad-
ditional pains and penalties prescribed in the said
act.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and was
passed by a vote of—ayes 66, noes 26.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsidcr the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BOUT WELL, also by unan-
imous consent, the Committee on the Judiciary
was discharged from the further consideration of
bill of the House No. 578, prescribing an oath of
loyalty to all persons practicing law m any of the
States declared to be in rebellion, and the same
was laid on the table.
TESTIMONY IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr, KELLOGG, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the folio wing resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether it is not expedient to enact
further laws providing for perpetuating testimony of wit-
nesses and taking the testimony of witnesses de bene esse
in the Supreme Couit and in the ciicuit couits of the
United States, and report by bill or oiheiwiso.
WILLIAM HANCOCK.
Mr. TRACY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of William Hancock;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
HUNDRED-DAY REGIMENTS.
Mr. SCHENCIC, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this Ilouse on what terms and undei standi tig men were
accepted from Ohio and other Slates (luring the yeai 186-1,
to serve in the Army for one hundred days, and whether
there exists any reason why credit should not be given on
any draft to be made lo the several States or distncts winch
furnished these men, in proportion to their terms of service.
COMMUTATION ILLEGALLY PAID.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this IIou.se why the amounts paid loreoinniutation by
poison* who were declared to have been illegally dtuUcd,
on a supplementary draft made alter the -4th of July la«t,on
a call made prior to that date, have not been relunded to
them.
PIUVATK BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Chair whether the regu-
lar order of business to-day is not the considera-
tion of private bills.
The SPEAICEll. It would be if the House
had not, by a suspension of the rules, made the
loan biil a special order.
Mr. HALE. I suggest, then, that nextFriday
bo set apart for the consideration of private busi-
ness exclusively. We have had noday at all this
session for that business. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent for this proposition.
There being no objection, it was so ordeied.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. JNicolay, his Private Sccietary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed an act (II. R. No. 203) for the relief of
Jacob Weber; and
An act (II. R. No. 625) to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for carrying the mails from the
United States to foreign ports, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 25, 1864.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist upon the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The special order is the
consideration of the bill (H. II. No. 677) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government, and for other
purposes," approved June oO,
The Cliair will state that this bill is made a
special order in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and it will require unanimous
consent to consider it in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose there will be no
objection to considering the bill m the House as
if in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union subject to the same rules.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
that proposition ?
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the Ilouse resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Spald-
ing in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation, as a special order, of a bill (II. R. No. 677)
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide ways
and means for the support of the Government,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864.
The bill was lead, as follows:
That in lieu of any bond* authorized to be is-Mi^d by the
first section of the art entitled "Ail actio provide wajs
and iwans for the support of the Government," appioved
June 30, 1804. that ma) lemam unsold at the date of tins
act, tho Seeietary of the Tieasury may issue, under the
authority of said act,Tieasury notes of the description and
character authorized by the second section of said act:
Pi ovided, Thai the whole amount of bonds authorized as
aforesaid, and Treasury notes issued and to be issued in
lieu thereof, shall not exceed the sum of $400,000,000; and
such Treasury notes may be disposed of for lawful money,
or for any other Treasury notes or certificates of indebted-
ness or certificates of deposit issued under any previous
act of Congress ; and such notes shall be exempt from tax-
ation by or under State or municipal authority.
Sfo. 2. J2nd be it further enacted, That any bonds known
as five-twenties, issued under the act o f 25th February, 1862,
remaining unsold to an amount not exceeding $4,000,000,
may be disposed of by the Secretary of the TmibUiy in the
United State**, or, if he shall find it expedient, in Europe,
at any time, on such terms as he may deem most advisa-
ble. And the tSecretaiy of the Treasury is. fmther author-
ized to issue bonds of the description issued under the au-
thority of the act of 22d June, ISfiO, in pmsuanee of the
notice for " pioposals. forloan," dated''8th September, 18(50,
to subscribets to that loan lor the one per cent, depos-
ited under baid notice and not repaid : Pi ovided ,Tha.t the
bonds so issued shall bear no! more than five per cent,
interest: *And provided further, That fractional amounts
may be repaid m lawful money of the United State**.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means for some ex-
planation of this bill. The act itself, as it reads, is
somewhat blind, and it requires a good deal of
study in connection with other laws to understand
it properly. I think that the House and country
will be much obliged to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if he will put it in
English. I do not mean to say that the bill is not
English, but if he will translate the act into mer-
cantile language, so that every one will be able
to understand it, it will be very desirable.
Mr, STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, it will be rec-
ollected that by the act of 30th June last Congress
authorized the issue of a loan of $400,000,000,
half of which the Secretary had a right to issue
in seven-thirties,as theyare called. He has gone
on and issued to within sixty or seventy million
dollars of that amount.
Mr. BROOKS. Making about how much is-
sued ?
Mr. STEVENS. About $130,000,OOOissucd.
They seem to be a favorite form of loan. The
Secretary is of opinion that if the whole $400,-
000,000 authorized by the act of June 30, 1864,
were to be issued in this shape, it would be more
acceptable than in the form of bonds; and he has
requested the same permission for the one $200„-
UUOjOUO that he has for the other. There is about
$130,000,000 of that loan still undisposed of in any
iorm; and the Secretary of the Treasury desires
authority to issue that amount on the same princi-
ple on which he issued the seven-thirties. That is
ail that this bill proposes. But lest he might is-
sue under this authority some legal-tender notes,
interest-bearing, the Committee of Ways and
Means has instructed me to offer at the end of the
bill a farther proviso that this act shall not be so
construed as to give any authority for the issue
of any legal-tender notes-in any form beyond the
amount heretofore authorized by law. We
thought that, taking the two acts together, it
might be doubtful whether the Secretary of the
Treasury would not have that power unless we
put in this proviso. We had no idea that he in-
tended to do this; but,as the power might possi-
bly exist, we deemed it best to insert the proviso.
Mr. KERN AN. Do I understand that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has issued the $'200,000,000
of notes provided for by the act of June 30, 1864?
Mr. STEVENS. He has issued them in the
shape of seven-thirty notes.
Mr. KERNAN. Are notthose notes, of which
the second section of this bill proposes to allow
him to issue $>130,000,000 more* a legal tender to
every extent except that they cannot be used in
the redemption of the currency used by the Uni-
ted States banks?
Mr. STEVENS. None of them are legal tend-
ers. In that law authority was given to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to make those that were
payable at maturity a legal tender for their face.
Mr. KERNAN. Piecisely.
Mr. STEVENS. But no part of'that has been
executed; and by this proviso we propose to re-
strain that power and not allow him to make
them lee;nl tenders.
Mr. KERNAN. Those issued, as I under-
stand, are not made payable at maturity ?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; none of them.
Mr. ALLEY. As I understand this matter,
no addinonal loan is to be created by this bill. It
simply proposes to change the form of the five-
twenty ioiin to a seven-thirty loan. That is the
sum and substance of the whole proposition. Am
I right?
Mr. STEVENS. That is exactly what it is
