1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or with those who distribute the draft throughout
the country, to explain to the House how tins is.
I have felt a strong interest in this matter. I
have felt a desire that my own people should be
represented in the Army; that every man wiio is
called upon to go should go, in order that the
ranks of our armies should be filled. I have been
in the provost marshal's office from day to day,
and from week to week; I have gone over the
county urging our people to come forward and
fill up'our quota by volunteering; and I know, by
personal observation, that under the call for
500,000 men, of the hundreds who came in and
claimed exemption, according to rules laid down
by the board, not more than three or four men out
of every twenty were'deemed fit for military duty,
accotdtng to the rule# prescribed by the War De-
partment. Everyman within the ages prescribed
by the law had been enrolled. Every man who
was drafted was notified to come up to the ofiiee
of the provost marshal and present himself for
examination, to see whether he was physically and
mentally qualified to go into t lie Ai my, and 1 say
that upon that examination, throughout my whole
district, and I believe within the State of Ken-
tucky* fifteen out of twenty were found to be dis-
qualified.
Now, if that was found to be so upon a quota
of 258 men under the call for 500,000, what arc
we to do under the call for 300,000 men, when
they demand of us 335 men? You may go into
my district and you will find there hundreds and
thousands of people moving about attending to
their business, upon their farms, in their stores,
offices, &c., and out of that number you have
called, and you cajl again for men until you have
taken almost every man who is able to bear arms
in defense of his country.
J> o>v, men seem to forget that we in the State
of Kentucky occupy a peculiar position. Men
upon this floor seem to forget that we stand upon
the bolder; that the State of Kentucky is the gicat
barrier between the southern confederacy and the
North. Men seem to forget that the State of
Kentucky, lying upon the Ohio river, has a border
of seven hundred miles between the southern con-
federacy and the North. Men of Ohio, men of
Indiana, men of Illinois, men of States further
east, men of the New England States, all seem
to forget that the. loyalty of Kentucky has saved
them from depredation, from waste, from war,
bloodshed, and ruin. They seem to ignore in all
their legislation the loyalty of the people who have
stood as a mighty bulwark between the wrong
and the right.
Mr. Speaker, however much it may be to'me
a source of keen regret that hundreds and thou-
sands of our people have gone into rebellion,
have fought against this Government, have tram-
pled beneath theirfeetthe gloriousemblcm of our
liberties, there is, notwithstanding all that, a feel-
ing that wells up m the bosom of every loyal man
in that State, and makes him feel thankful to God
that we have had seventy thousand gallant and
noble men in the field who have spilt their blood
on many a battle-field, from Bull Run to At-
lanta, and from Atlanta to Charleston and Wil-
mington. They have stood side by side with
lllinoisans, Indianians, Ohioans, New En^land-
ers, New Yorkers, everywhere giving testimony
of tjieir bravery and their patriotism. Yet there
is, i am sorry to say, a disposition on the part
of some Representatives here to sneer at and de-
grade the proud old Commonwealth that I have
the honor in part to represent. Let men say
what they please, while I love my country I
love also my"State, and lie who is an enemy of
my State is my enemy, politically and person-
ally.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I was asked just now how many
colored troops have been credited to Massachu-
setts. I desire to say that the colored troops
credited to Massachusetts during this war, includ-
ing the fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth infantiy, the
fifth cavalry and their recruits,amount, all told,
at home and abroad, to 4,371.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. ^Vlr. Speaker,
I move to amend the amendment of my colleague
[Mr. Kern an] by inserting after the word "State"
in the next to the last line, the words " and con-
gressional district."
I make this motion for the purpose of being
able to say a few words in support of the amend-
ment presented by my colleague, which, in my
judgment, is eminently sound and proper. It is
true that I have not favored this system of con-
scription; and one reason why I have not favored
it is because it operates, and necessarily and un-
avoidably mustoperate,unequally. As a measure
for supplying our armies with reliable men by
direct draft', it has proved, as.many of us believed
it would, a practical failure; as a measure of tax-
ation it is notoiiously and undeniably unjust, un-
equal, and oppressive; and 1 verily believe that
if the system of volunteering had been continued
we would have been much more successlul in
filling our armies, and would have secured a much
better class of rrten, at a greatly reduced expense
and a more equal distribution of the inevitable
burdens of the war.
It is well known, as was stated by my colleague,
that under the recent calls it has been simply a
question of money and not at all a question of
men, exceptso far as the number called for affected
the amount of money to be raised. And when
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Military Committee, undertakes to
laugh down here a proposition which, upon the
idea assumed by my colleague that conscription
simply means taxation in another form, is clear
to the common sense of every intelligent man us
any proposition can be, I think that gentleman
would much better sustain respect for himself and
the dignity of this House if lie would attempt to
answer it by some legitimate argument. Why,
sir, if the gentleman can and will tell us it was not
money that filled the quotas on these last calls,
then there might be some propriety in his attempt
to laugh at my colleague when he proposes that
they shall be filled heieafter somewhat in propor-
tion to representation and legitimate taxation,
instead of compelling poor men, wheie there hap-
pens to be many of them in localities of little
wealth, to pay much more than is demanded of
rich men in,localities where not so many are liable
to the draft.
The gentleman from Massachusetts complains
that their young men have gone oil to the West.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir, I do not complain of it
at all.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The gentle-
man complained that they of Massachusetts are
subjected to hardships on that account. Now,
sir, I am not one of those who,desire to cast any
flings at Massachusetts. It is true enough that
Massachusetts has been brought up here in the
course of argument oftentimes, by way of illus-
tration, without any ill-feeling toward that State
or the gentlemen who represent it here. One
reason, doubtless, why Massachusetts has been
often alluded to in that way is, that she is a Stale
exercising perhaps as gieat an influence in the
councils of the nation, in this momentous crisis
of our country, as any other. She is represent-
ed in both Houses of Congress entirely by men
who sympathize with the Administration in their
political views; and in consequence of hei great
wealth, in consequence of the great power of her
statesmen, and undivided fiont of jepresentalion,
she docs exercise an influence in the councils of
the nation which might well cause the other States
to look on at least with apprehension. And since
it is undeniable that the burdens she bearsj par-
ticularly in reference to the draft, are in no manner
commensurate with her position, influence, and
continually increasing wealth, therefoie it is not
strange that gentlemen should refer to Massa-
chusetts as a wonderfully favored portion of the
country.
If the men of Massachusetts go to the West,
who are they thatgor Are they the men of wealth
and capital? Are they the men who from over-
filled coffers can afford to buy up substitutes to
represent them in the Army? The poor young
men who go to the West to seek their fortunes
are of courst liable to military duty, and thus
Massachusetts is relieved from the cliaft to that
extent. So long as the volunteer system was m
vogue the young men of the country, without
regard to location, sprang forward to enter as a
matter of patriotism into the service of the coun-
try. When this system of diaft was established
the spirit which prompted volunteering was sub-
stantially extinguished, and then it became a
question of dollars and cerits. While the vol-
unteering system syas continued, the necessity of
paying proper respect to the popular will moider
to fill our armies operated as a check upon the
unwise and visionary schemes of extreme men,
an'd no doubt that was the prompting reason why
they desired to abandon volunteering and resort
to conscription.
I know it was said that the volunteering was
also unequal, as the more patriotic sections fur-
nished an undue proportion of men. That dif-
ficulty, however, could have been obviated by
demanding of each State its due proportion in
accordance with certain suggestions 1 had the
honor to urge upon the consideration of this House
while the first conscription bill was under discus-
sion. There is no justice and no reason why a
poor Slate, which has a great many poor men,
should be called unon to pay largesums of money,
or compel'her citizens to abandon their families
to the tender mercies of common charity, or even
more degrading pauperism, while a rich State,
with men of overgiown fortunes,can skulk behind
the women and children, and by churning inferi-
ority of numbers of such as Hie liable to draft,
throw^the burden upon the poor men of the goor
States.
1 withdrawmyamendment,and yield the floor,
according to agreement, to the ge'ntleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK moved that debate be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 91, not voting 40; as
follows:
YRA8—Messrs. James O. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, Ciianler, Cof-
iroih, Cox, Dawson, Denton, Donnelly, Eden, Edgei ton,
J-lldridue, l-'uiek, Cans-on, Hatduig, lloirick, ilntehins,
Kalblhi>eh, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Long, Marcv, j>IcAilis-
tei. McKimicy, Middleton, William !!•. Miller, James U.
Mmiif, MoruMm, Noble, Odeil, John O'Neill, Peiidluton,
Peiry, 1'rtiyn, ttadloid, Samuel J. Randall, James S. Rol-
lins,"ito-is, John B.Steele, Sule«>, Strode, sHuart, Town-
send, Vooihees, Chilton A. White, Wintteld, aiiti Fer-
nando Wood—51.
KAYS—j\Iessi;>. Allison, Ames, Ander on, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baily. John 1). IJakHvm, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Blow,
Boutwell, Bo\d, Biandegee, Btooniull, William (i. Brown,
Aminos W. Clnik, Clay, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Da-
vis, Thomas T. Davis, Demnnr, Dixon, Dnjrgs, Duinont,
UcU ley, Eliot, English, Fainswoi tli, Fraiik^ai'ijeld. Gooch,
Gndm, Givrt old, lligby, llotehki**, John II. Hubbard, Uul-
burd, Ingorcoll, Jenckes, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, King, Jjnz«ar, LiUlejohn,Loai ,X^onayear,
Malloiy, M.uvirij'MeBride, lMcClurg, Samuel Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Moirn, Leonard Myers, Nor-
ton, Charles? O'Neill, Orth, I'attci^on, Perliam, Pike, Pom-
eioy, Price, William U. Randall, John H. Itiee, Edward H.
Ivo)hn«, Schenck, ScolieUI, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smitheis, Stevens, Thayer, Thomav, Tracv, Van Valkeu-
buigh, Elihii B. Wa hbuiue, William B. Washburn, Wha-
lev, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wiison, Woodbridge,
Woithmgton, and Yeaman—91.
NOT VOTING—Mewirf. William J. Allen, Alley, Bax-
ter, Eieein.ui ClaiUe, Ciaveu-., Cie well,Dawes, Giiiinell,
Hale, Hail, llarinigton, Benjamin G Hams, Charles M.
Harris. Ilolman, Hooper, Asahel W. IIubbard. Philip John-
son, VVilham Johnson, Julian, Kaspon, Knox, Le Blond,
IWc*Dow«;li, Melndoc, Amos My^r*, Nelson, Alexander fl 
Rtee, Robinson, Rogeis, Spaldnar, Stair, William G. Steele,
Sweat, Up-on, Wadswoiih, Waul, WetKer, Joseph W.
White, VVindom. and Benjamin Wood—40.
£o the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the eighth section, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlndbeit further enacted. That it shall not be
Jawiul lor any person, either by hmist-U or m partnership
or conncction with others, to t-ngayc in the business of
piocuring recruits or substitutes, as? an agent, substitute
broker, or otherwise, lor money or piofu, without having
iiist obtained lrom the Secietary of War authority in H'lit-
iii!j; and such authoniy shall in no ca>e be granted except
upon personal application ol the party seeking to be so
authoi r/.eil, and on his lirit filing, to the saUsUction of the
Seeiet.wy of War, pi oof of hi- lojafty and good ehaiacter,
and that he is a citizen of the United Slates, and on his giv-
ing bond to lhe United States, wnh sufficient and appioved
seouiity m the sum of ^.30,000, that lie will laithluliy ob-
serve and obey all law*> and lobulations in force, or that
may be m force or established hm caller, "overning the ob-
taining of recants or substitutes,; but the piuv imous of tins
section shall not apply to any prr-on who may engage as
auent oi membci of a committee or association m obtain-
ing reeiuits oi substitutes within the sub-district in which
he himself re.-adeo, und to atd xn filling the quota of said
snb-'iistrict.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out the woid " personal" before the word
i; "application." It requires that the man shall
;■ apply in poison. He may be well recommended,
1! and i do not see any reason for requiring that he
!! shall be personally present,
i: Mr. SCtlENCK. It was putin with a design.
|i Its object was to thiowas many obstaclesas pos-
|j stble m the way of substitute brokers.
