1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
wipe them all out.
Mr. SCHENCIC. They are recognized as an
existing institution, and they are taxed in the tax
hill. But! thought it well enough that they should
come here and show what manner of men they are.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That
would sometimes be inconvenient; and I think
the gentleman,upon consideration, will allow my
amendment to come in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no power to accept
this amendment, us this bill is a report from a
committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then i
rely upon the House to adopt it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by inserting
the following, as an additional section:
Jlnt be it further enacted, That persons who have been,
or may hereafter be drafted, under the provisions of the
several acts to which this is an amendment, for a term of
ono year, and who have actually furnished or may actually
furnish accepted substitutes not' liable to draft, for a term
of three ycais, shall he exempt from miiitaiy du$> during
the term tor which such substitutes shall not be liable to
draii, not exceeding the time for which such substitute
shall have been-mustered into the service, anything ui the
fifth section of the actofFebruaiy24,It564,totheeontrary
notwithstanding.
I desire to explain briefly the effect and object
of this amendment. Under the fourth section of
the net of last winter, any person could put in a
substitute and get a certificate of exemption for
the time the substitute was mustered into the ser-
vice. Gentlemen were drafted for one year under
the call, and without scanning the provisions of
the law closely, very many men put in substi-
tutes for three years. But a critical examination
of the law revealed the fact thatthe provost mar-
shal could not give them certificates of exemption
beyond the teim for which they were drafted.
Therefore, having put in substitutes to a great
extent for three years, they could not get certifi-
cates of exemption for mote than one year. Tins
amendment cures that evil for the past and the
future.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb,one
of its Ciui ks,announced that the Senate had passed
bills of the House of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 690) to revive certain pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved March 3, 1815, and for other
purposes;
An act (PI. R. No. 738) relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels;
An act (H. R. No. 781) granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use of Govern-
ment piers in said harbor for the purpose of pro-
tecting said harbor;
An net (H. R. No. 783) concerning the collec-
tion district of Salem and Beverly, in Massachu-
setts; and
An act (H. R. No. 784) to amend an act enti-
titled "An act to regulate the admeasurement of
tonnage of sh'ps and vessels of the United States."
The menage also announced thatthe Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 472) for the construction of cer-
tain wagon roads in the Territories of Idaho,
Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska; and
An act (S. No. 4G5) to create the office of So-
licitor and Naval Judge Advocate General.
15NK0LLMJSNT ACT—AGAIN. VI
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] by striking out the word
"substitutes" and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " certificates."
Mr. BLAINE. That amendment would open
all the evils of paper credits. My amendment
deals wuh actual men.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That is
not my m'cruton.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
Is not this a motion to strike out what we have
already inserted ?
The'SPEAKER. It is not.
Air. SMITH. I would inquire how, under his
amendment, the gentleman would be able to pre-
vent frauds.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Certifi-
cates of substitutions are received under author-
ity of law. A man may have been drafted,-may
have furnished a substitute, and lived up to the
spirit and letter of the law; and I do not wish this
Congress to be behind the spirit and letter of the
law.
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire of the gentle-
man whether he remembers the frauds which have
been perpetrated under these certificates.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
nothing to do with frauds. Perhaps they have
been concocted in Kentucky.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine.] In regard to this matter
of paper credits, I differ from the opinions of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,] asT un-
derstand them. 1 hold that where the party him-
self has had nothing to do with the frauds he is
not to be held responsible. If I understand the
system under which these fraudulent certificates
were issued, itis this: Government officers them-
selves have issued them, and parties have bought
them. I understand that parties have them to sell,
under the regulations and authority of the Depart-
ment. I do not see why the purchaser of one of
these certificates, even if it have been obtained by
fraud, shall be ousted of his rights.
Mr. SMITH. I ask whether the rule is not
this, that when a drafted man appears at the pro-
vost marshal's and offers a substitute, and when
that substitute is examined and received, but de-
serts before being mustered in, the drafted man or
the district shall be held responsible?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Neither of
them. *
Mr. SMITH. Then I should like to know
what good the evidence of the provost marshal's
office does that the principal has furnished a sub-
stitute and that the substitute has been examined
and accepted. You give a paper man where the
Government should have a real man.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. That is not
the case 1 pointed to. I understand the practice
to have been to permit men to put in* substitutes
and to give them certificates of the fact, which
certificates they had a right to transfer to people
m any section of the country, i heard a substi-
tute broker say, the other day, that he had six
certificates for substitutes under a former call,
which he would sell at $500 each. I understand
that that has been the practice under the author-
ity and regulations of the War Department.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that it has been
the practice for brokers to obtain certificates and
sell them to any persons?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand so.
Mr.SCHENCK. Well, that is a form of fraud
and rascality that I have not heard of b< fore.
Some new system of fraud turns up with these
fellows every day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Certificates
under a former draft can be had, I understand, at
$500 apiece.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certificates are given as
personal to the individual drafted and to nobody
else^To sell them to anybody else would be a
frtyrfu all around.
.Mr. SMJTH. I should Hke to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania where that substitute
/broker resides and does business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. In this
city.
Mr. SMITH. What is his name ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If you
Want frauds connected with this thins:, you may
go'to the provost marshal's office and discover
any quantity of them. If you want frauds I
will show you worse things than that. But, sir,
I rose for the purpose of inquinns^of the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] whether the
proposition that he now offers will not interfere
with the proposition offered by my colleague,
[Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. BLAINE. It will not; and the gentleman
himself will toll you so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stood that proposition to provide that parties put-
ting in substitutes shall not be responsible for
them.
Mr. BLAINE. This in no way interferes
with it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
have no objection to this amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. There is not the least objection
to the amendment. The gentkman from Penn-
sylvania [M r. Stevens] has himself examined it.
Mr.SCHENCK. I move to close all debate
on the section and on the amendments thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was taken first on Mr. Randall's
amendment to the amendment,and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. BLAiNE'samend-
ment, and it was adopted.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the ninth section, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jjjid be it further enacted, That any recruiting
agent, substitute broker, or other person, who, for pay or
profit, shall enlist, or cause to be enlisted, as a volunteer
or substitute, any insane person, or convict, or person un-
der indictment for a felony, or who is held to bail to answer
for a felony, oi person in a condition of intoxication, or a
deserter from the military or naval seivice, knowing him
to be such, or who shall defraud, or illegally deprive any
volunteer or sub«titut<-  of any portion of the State, Joeul,
or United States bounty to which lie may be entitled, shall,
upon conviction in any court of the United States having
competent jurisdiction, be fined not exceeding §1,000, nor
les^ than £200,or imprisoned not exceeding two year*, and
not leas than three months, or both, in the discretion ot the
court aforesaid.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
the section by inserting after the word " service"
the words " orany minor between the ages of six-
teen and eighteen years, without the consent, ex-
press or implied, of his parents or guardians, or
any minor under the age of sixteen years."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
the clause winch now reads " knowing him to be
such," by inserting after the'words "knowing
him" the words i% in either of the cases before
mentioned."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Pennsylvania. Forthe pur-
pose of making some inquiries, I move to strike
out the whole of section nine. I would inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Schenck] whether this section is in-
tended to deprive or prevent the substitute broker
from taking any part of the local bounty as a fee
for his services; to prevent him from receiving
any compensation whatever for his services?
Mr.SCHENCK. Hecan make what outside
bargain he pleases. But he is not to finger the
bounty; that is to be paid directly to the party
himself. This section is precisely like a section
which has already been passed by the Senate in
their bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
not care particularly about the language of the
section if I was satisfied it would be properly
construed by the small courts-martial. But 1 con-
less that, so far as my observation has gone, I
have not a great deal of confidence in them. It
seems to me that the language of the section as it
now stands will be liable to very great abuse,
it reads:
That any recruiting agent, substitute broker, or other
person, who for pay or profit shall enlist, or cause to be en-
listed, as a volunteei or substitute, any insane person or
convict, or person under indiotmenlfor a felony, or who is
held to bail to answer for a leiony, or person in a condi-
tion of intoxication, or adeseitertrom the military or naval
service, knowing him to be such, or who shall d< fraud, or
illegal!} deprive any volunteer or substitute of any portion
of the State, local, or United States bounty to which he
may be entitled, shall, upon conviction, &e.
The question will arise, what is illegally de-
priving a party of any portion of the bounty to
which he is entitled ? The chairman of the Mili-
ta:y Committee says that the taking any portion
of it whatsoever is illegally depiiving the person
enlisted of that bounty, and will subject the per-
son taking it to the penalties of this section.
That would at once be an improper construction
to start with.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see any of the dif-
ficulties of which the gentleman speaks.' This
section applies only to cases where they defraud
or illegally dopiive the substitute of his bounty.
That will affect no legitimate contract made with
him for the disposal of any portion of his bounty.
It only prevents the broker from appropriating
the bounty to Vis own use, without having any
legitimate contract with the substitute. The truth
is that in very many cases the substitute broker
gets all, or nearly all, the bounty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I asm aware
of thaf.
