THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TUB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY P. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TillRTT-ElGIITH CoKGPvKSS, 2d SnSs'lON".
TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1865.
New Series No. 23.,
quainted with a good many counties of that char-
acter.
Mr. GRINNELL. Even if that bo true, sir,
1 still maintain that it is right that this Congress
should so legislate that there shall in the future
be no occasion for remark as to class legislation.
How is it now? Nineteen twentieths of the peo-
ple of this country who pay taxes are those who
are engaged in business. They belong to the
middle classes. They are merchants, manufac-
turers, men engaged in commerce, or the smaller
class of farmers. Now, sir, shall wo say that
those who are so fortunate as to live in great cities,
and can lay by their surplus funds in these Gov-
ernment securities, because of their peculiar facil-
ities for making money, shall be exempted from
taxation on their investments? I believe that the
adoption of the legislation now proposed, with-
out some such amendment as that of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, will cause many people to
declare, and with some justice, that we have been
legislating for a privileged class in this country.
I desire that our taxation shall rest equitably
upon nil.
I know it will be said tha*, by making these
notes liable to State and municipal taxation, we
shall enhance the value of the securities already
issued and taken. I cannot help that, sir. That
increase of value will be the good fortune of those
who regarded hopefully the prospects of the Gov-
ernment in daiker days, who looked upon the
bright side, who weie willing to trust the Gov-
ernment, although theic was a pud.sibility that
thoy mightloao. JLot them have this good fortune.
Let them make this money, and not thoue who
ha\e continually talked as though the Government
was to be put down,and its securities were to be-
come worth nothing. 1 am not willing to favor
any legislation which will bear heavily upon the
industrial classes and upon the gteat masses of
out people, and which will grant supeiior advan-
tages and puviJc^es to one class over another.
Uut 1 do not wish to consume the time of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not sup-
pose that my friend intends it, but lie is so elated
with the good news that he thinks the war will
now cairy itself on, and that we need furnish
no further supplies. No man supposes with
such a provision, leaving these bonds open to
every State and municipal taxation, that a dollar
of them will be Mild. No, sir, not one farthing
of them would be sold to any man having com-
mon sense. I do not even believe that the gen-
tleman himself issochited that he would advo-
cate that provision. The effect of this provision
of the committee is to enhance the value of the
bonds which have been sold already, and to place
these bonds in the market upon a good footing.
Now, sir, it would be an excellent thing for cap-
italists to have these bonds limited to the number
that they have in their hands. I suppose that
these bonds would then go up twenty per cent.
1 am convinced that it would be highly impioper
to subject these bonds to taxation when wc still
need money, and when we have not enough in
the Treasury to pay the Army.
I move that the committee rise to close debate.
The motion v;as agreed to.
bo the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chan, Mr. Staldixg reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the special
order under consideration, being House bill No.
G77, to amend an act entitled u An act to pro-
vide ways and means for the support of the
Government, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr, STEVENS. I move that all general de-
bate be closed in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in one minute after the
consideration of the bill shall be resumed.
The SPEAKER. That will leave five minutes
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to suspend the rules,
23
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Spalding in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order.
The question recurred on Mr. IIolman's amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. IIoopERand
Holmant were appointed.
The amendment was rejected, the tellers having
reported—ayes 39s noes 61.
Mr. FRANK moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
Jlnd provided farther, That the Treasury notes hereby au-
thorized to be issued in puisuanee of this section, may be
u«rd as a basis for tlio issue of cueulatmg notes in the same
manni'i a? other United States seeiuitiess aic used under
the piovisions of the act entitled "An aetto provide a
national cuuency, secured by the pledge of United Slates
bond?, and to piovide for the circulation and redemption
theieoi," passed Juno 3, IdGi.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I submit the
following amendment:
Jiv.d provided) That fcaid Ticasury notcb shall not beai
inter<;.st.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment for the
reason that the very worst form in which you
can issue a legal-tender note hi the one provided
for in this section. The first blunder that was
made in our financial system was in making a
distinction by the Government itself between that
class of money which it forces the people at largo,
to take and another kind of money, gold, which
it piovidud for special purposes and for a special
class of individuals. The result was speculation
in ^old and depreciation of that currency which
the Government had provided for the people. You
now come and commit another fault of the same
kind providing for an issue of another class of
legal-tender notes which are to pass into ciicu-
lation, in the first instance, and then to be locked
up in the vaults of the banks while they will force
out into the hands of the people at large that
class of money which bears no interest. The
result must inevitably bo to depieciate that cur-
rency which we ordinarily use.
It appears to me, Mr. Chairman, that wc have
gone far enough in providing for the advantage
of huge capitalists. The whole system is one
which exempts the rich who can invest large sums
in the bonds of the Government, and places all the
burdens of taxation upon the poorer classes. This
goes even a step further. This enables the bank-
ers to hold in their vaults legal-tender notes which
bear interest, and no bill which the gentleman has
introduced this season for the purpose of prevent-
ing speculation in gold will have the pernicious
effect upon the gold maiket which this clause of
the bill will have.
Mr. STEVENS. I presume the gentleman
wishes to make these notes a legal tender, as he
would have them bear no interest, and be must
intend them for circulation. True, he lias not
expressed himsdf in so many words. If he in-
tends them as a loan, and could get anybody to
take them without intciest, it would be advan-
tageous to the Government, i admit; but the only
doubt about it in my mind is—-and it is a pretty
strong doubt—whether capitalists will take the
loan, especially for a long peiiod, and without
interest. That is the whole proposition of the
gentleman.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. 1 offer the following amendment,
to come m at the end of the section:
Ptovided, That the Treasury notes hereby nuthoiized
shall be one, two. 01 tln.-c year-* note-, with coupon-', and
may Le eonvi-'itibie into bonds of the United States, a-> pio-
vided in section two oi the act to which this is an amend-
ment.
The object I have in offering; this amendment
is simply this: we talk here every day of the ses-
sion, whenever there is any cunency orfmancial
question before the House, about decreasing the
volume of currency, and wo allege that the price
of gold is attributable to the fact that the cur-
rency of the country is too large. That is true; i
and my amendment is designed to obviate that '
difficulty. If you make these notes seven-thir-
ties you do not swell the volume of currency. I
do not think any gentleman will say that he has
seen any seven-thirty bonds circulated as cur-
rency. I propose to put this matter beyond a
doubt by requiring that they shall be seven-thir-
ties; and that, therefore, they shall not ester into
the circulation, therebyincreasingthe priceofgold
in the market. If you leave the matter open the
notes may be issued in some other shape, and
may enter into the volume of currency, and there'
by increase the price of gold. I am in favor of
the bill and its general provisions, and I offer this
as an additional reason why the amendment should
be adopted. Any other shape these notes may
take may swell the volume of currency, which
every gentleman knows is too large now, and while
we talk about it every day, the sun sets everyday
upun a larger volume of currency than it roso
upon in the morning.
Mr. ICASSON. 1 do not wish to duplicate tho
arguments already made, or the facts stated. I
have but a few words to say upon this whole sub-
ject, and tliey are these: that the power to inflate
the currency, which was given by Congress, and
has been in force more than six months, is, by
tins bill,amelided as proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means, reduced more than fifty per
cent. We arc informed by the Secretary of the
Treasury that some remaining power, although
very much less than that granted to his predecessor
in office, but not used by him, is necessary for tho
successful administration of that Department, al-
though lie himself, I may perhaps properly state,
is firmly opposed to any increase of the currency
except under an emergency not now foreseen,
where the safety of the Government may possibly
depend upon it. And although the power has
never yet been used, I am notmyself disposed to
tamper with this delicate machinery of financial
opeiations between the Treasury Department and
the financial world by taking entirely from the
Secretary the power which his predecessor had,
and which lie asks to be continued, and which ho
will have, only in a less degree, when the recom-
mendation of thecommittee is adopted.
I believe this committee will clearly see the pro-
priety of leaving this partial and restricted power
over the unissued balance under the second sec-
tion of the bill. The Secretary of tho Treasury
may have no occasion to use it, butstill, as it has
been before a power in the Department, and as it
becomes (lay by day less important in amount,
as the seven-thirties are put upon the market, I
would not interfere with it. This seven-thirty
loan is being absorbed to the great satisfaction of
the friends of the Treasury and of the country,
and any incumbrance now put upon the policy
which has made it successful endangers the fu-
tuie success of the balance of that loan.
Mr. PRICE. I want to say that what I said
with reference to the increase of the volume of
currency does apply to issues made by the Treas-
ury Department. Every person knows that
every day, and almost every hour, during tho last
two years, national banks have been chartered,
and those banks put notes into circulation. It
matters not from what source the volume of the
currency is increased; the fact is patent that it
is inci eased. I propose to make this popular loan
of seven-thirties still greater by my amendment,
and that wc shall have seven-thirties and nothing
else.
Mr.KASSON. There is no question that the
issues of the national banks are somewhat in-
creasing, though not so very largely, the volume
of the currency, because a great many of the na-
tional banks are mere substitutes for or conver-
sions of the State banks established under the old
laws, and the notes of these institutions have been
withdiawti from circulation.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike
out the first two words of the pending amend-
