354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
ment. No one, I know, in this House can be
more opposed to increasing the volume of the
currency than I am. I concur fully in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Iowa farthest from
me, [Mr. Price,] so far as the disastrous influence
upon the currency which an increase of .its vol-
ume produces; but I sayfurther, that the evil does
not lie entirely or mainly with the issues of the
Government currency, but beyond that, as much,
• or more, with the issues of the State banks. I
am not in favor of entirely restricting the power of
the Government to issue its own currency, in a
time of war, like the present, although I am en-
tirely opposed to the exercise of that power by
the Secretary of the Treasury, except upon the
most urgent necessity. As the gentleman from
Iowa nearest to me [Mr. Kasson] has well re-
marked , tine time may arrive, as it has been in the
past, when it may be absolutely and indispensa-
bly necessary for the carrying on of the finances
of the Government that this power should not
onty be lodged in the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury, but occasionally and discreetly ex-
ercised. Mr. Chairman, I believe with him that
the evilsgrowing out of this expansion of the cur-
rency are incalculable. The high price of gold
to-day rests upon two causes. The first cause is
the increase of the volume of the currency, and
the next the want of confidence in the ability of
the Government to meet all its promises to pay.
If all the capitalists of the country believed fully
and beyond doubt that this rebellion would be
suppressed and this Government reestablished,
then, sir, you would not find gold more than
twenty per cent, above the lawful money of the
country. But ns it is, sir, that absolute and en-
tire confidence docs not exist, partly from fear of
non-success and partly from fear of th<! action of
the Government in allowing an increase of the
volume of the currency, both national and Slate
—an increase much more fearful in its effects from
the action of State banks, sanctioned by theSruto
Legislatures of the land, than from any other
cause; and I hope that this Congress, before itad-
journs, will tax out of existence all the State bank
circulation of the country, and I hope that the
power will be vested in the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue legal-tender notes when it shall be-
come absolutely necessary to carry on the finances
of the Government. 13ut i hope and believe that
the Secretary of the Treasury will never exercise
that power except upon the most urgent neces-
sity, for I have very gicat confidence in that gen-
tleman's judgment and discretion, and so believ-
ing, I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague inform me
why $100)000,000 of national currency does not
inflate the currency just as much as $100,000,000
of State currency ? It may not be so, but I would
like to know why.
Mr. ALLEY. I will answer my colleague by
saying that n does inflate the cm rency to just the
same amount, but theie is this dilference: the Gov-
ernment not only saves the interest but has the
tontrol of the whole thing in its own hands, and
if it is indispensable to the salvation of the Gov-
ernment that it should issue $100,000,000 of legal-
tender currency, as it has been obliged to do in the
past, then I am in favor of it fur the same reason
that 1 was in favor of making the Government
issues a legal tender as an uncontrollable neces-
sity and choice of evils.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I want to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if I understood him aright.
If I understand his position, he is opposed to the
issuing of anymore legal-tender notes, but is in
favor of a law to authoi ize their issue, just as our
Democratic friends said here the other day on the
constitutional amendment, they were all opposed
to slavery but were equally opposed to its prohi-
bition.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the exercise, as I said, of this power except
upon the most urgent necessity. I was in favor
of the passage of the legal-tender act, as I have
said, as a matter of uncontrollable necessity, and
upon no other ground. I am in favor now of con-
ferring this power, because the time may arise
when the very salvation of the Government de-
pends on its exercise, and I would hold the Sec-
retary of the Treasury responsible for a rigid ad-
herence to this policy of decreasing rather than
increasing the volume of the currency, which he
has proclaimed over and over again as being sound
policy. I have the most undoubling confidence
in the integrity and discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and do not believe that he would,
with this power given him, issue one dollar addi-
tional unless a necessity existed which was all-
controlling. And so believing, I am in favor of
giving him the power; but I am not in favor of his
exercising it except in the emergency and upon
the conditions I have named, and which I trust
and believe may never occur. If I can understand
logic at all, there is no inconsistency in the two
positions. As I merely moved it pro ~forma> I now
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa by
sinking out the first two words. 1 am not cer-
tain, Mr. Chairman, that I precisely understand
the effect of the bill proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means. There was a law passed
last session, the first section of which authorized
the issuing of bonds of a particular form. The
second section allowed $200,000,000 of the amount
authorized by the first section to assume the foim
of Treasury notes, differing in form, susceptible
of being applied to different purposes, and of a
form which permitted them, I believe, to consti-
tute an additional circulating medium. I under-
stand the proposal now to be—and if I am in
error I will be very glad to be corrected—to en-
laige the quantity of money, or of value, that is
authoi ized to be issued under the second section
of the act of June 30, 18(>4, in the foim peculiar
to that second section. In other words, it is to
extend the amount of those notes beyond the
$200,000,000 m the form which the sccond sec-
tion allows.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, in compliance
with the request of the gentleman fi om Mai yland,
[Mr. Davis,] 1 desire to correct that misapprehen-
sion of his. There were #200,000,000 authorized
under the first sectiun of the act of June 30, 16G4,
to be issued in the peculiar bonds which he has
referred to. That power was partially, and only
partially, exhausted by the Treasury Departmen t.
Under the second section they have proceeded
with the issuance of seven-thnties, and are still
pioceeding with it, until there is but a small por-
tion, less than half, of the amount authorized by
tiie sccond section icmaining unissued. The De-
partment cannot return to the first section and
issue the balance unissued under it, in seven-thir-
ties, foi the first section does notauthorize it. The
effect of this bill, therefore, with the proviso pro-
posed by the committee,is, so far from enlarging
the power of the Secretary, to confine the exercise
of that power to the balance unissued under the
second section, and does not permit the Secretary
to go back to the issue of bonds under the first
section.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I
am still not clear ay to ihe operation of tins hill,
or what is intended to be accomplished under it.
The first section of the act of June 30, lb64, au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Tieasury to borrow,
on the credit of the United States, $,400,000,000,
for which he is to issue a particular form of bond.
The second section says that the Secretary ofthe
Treasury may issue on the credit of the United
States, and in lieu of an equal amount of bonds
authorized by the preceding session, Treasury
notes notcxcccding$200,000,000. i understand,
now, that thepurpose is to allow a sum additional
to the $200,000,000 provided for in the second sec-
tion to be issued m the form authorized in the text.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KASSON. 1 trust the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed, as I have consumed part of
his time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am endeavoring
to get, if possible, some intelligence of the matter
before the House. At this moment I am abso-
lutely at sea. As to doing it in five minutes, I
cannot do it.
Mr. KEIINAN. Mr. Chairman, as I under-
stand it, the effect of passing the law proposed
will be tCLaufhorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to add £70,000.000 of legal-t-ender notes to the legal-
tender notes now in circulation. In other words I
theie is now $70,000,000 unissued of what was
authorized to be issued by the second section of
the law of last June. The Secretary is author-
ized to issue that, and, in addition, to issue $130,-
000,000—in ten dollar notes, if he chooses to do
so—which he has power now to issue in bonds
under the first scction of the actof June 30, 1864.
We therefore confirm his authority to issue
§70,000,000 legal-tender notes, which he now has,
and, in addition,if we pass this act,he mayissue
§130,000,000 more in circulating notes bearing in-
terest, but which are not legal tender. In other
words, we give him by law authority to issue
$130,000,000 in notes which he may now, as the
law stands, issue in bonds.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw my
amendment, and offer another one—to strike out
the last word, merely for the purpose of making
further inquiry.
The first section of the law of last session au-
thorizes the issuing of $400,000,000 of bonds.
The second section provides that $200,000,000 of
that amount may be put m the shape of Treasury
notes. The bill now repotted from the Committee
of Ways and Means declares that, in lieu of the
bondsauthorized to be issued by the fust section
of that act, the amount remaining unsold at this
date may be issued in the form of Treasury notes,
under the second section; so that the effect of the
bill is to transfer $200,000,000 from the first sec-
tion to the second section, or so much of the
$,200,000,000 as may now remain unissued—
stated, 1 believe, at $70,000,0u0 or some larger
amount. The Treasury notes issued under the
second section may be and have been issued in
such a foi m and of such denominations as to enter
into the circulating medium of the country. A
gentleman in this ilouse showed me awhile ago
n fifty dollar note professing to be issued under
that section.
Mr. STEVENS. Under a subsequent section,
not under that section. These notes were issued
in exchange for legal tending, with a view to the
destruction of the latter.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There is, Mr.
Chairman, nothing to prevent just such notes
beingissucd under the second section. The gen-
tleman who is at the head of the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to offer a proviso
limiting to some extent the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury under the second section;
that is, providing that no lugul-tender notes shall
be issued. JJut, sir, something more is required.
Although a note be not a legal tender—that is,
although a man may not be coercible to receive
it—yet if it be in foim and amount susceptible
of being used in ordinary exchange, its value is
the same as if it were an absolute legal tender.
It will pass from hand to hand to the same pur-
pose; it will be received upon the credit of the
same Government; it will have exactly the same
effect m increasing, and therefore inflating, the
currency.
Now, sir, I am not willing to put in the hands
of any officer the power to issue one more dollar,
if it can be, under oidinary circumstances, treated
or used as or converted into a circulating me-
dium. The credit of the Government can supply
its* If, and must supply itself, by loan.?, on long
date or short date, for regular investments here
or in Europe, without disordering the currency
of the country or making people pay two or three
prices for the necessaries of life, or reducing the
fixed incomes of persons to one half or one third
of what they really are. Theie is no state of
circumstances that can justify such a thing; there
is certainly none now probable; and I will act
only in view of what is probable, and will cast
no vote that directly or expressly or by implica-
tion authorizes such a thing in one shape or an-
other. Now, if it is possible to put this bill in
such a shape as to prevent that construction being
put upon it, it shall have my vote; otherwise, I
cannot vote for it.
Mr. PRICE. 1 must oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland. I desire that
he shall not strike out any part of my amend-
ment. I am in favor of assisting the Committee
of Ways and Means in this matter; and I aui only
sorry to find that my effoits to assist them have
been so little appreciated. Now, sir, this cuts
down the amount of bonds to be issued, and in-
creases theamountofTrcaaury notes to be issued;
and all I have to say,and all that need be said, in
reference to it is simply this: I propose that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall not have power
to issue anything but seven-thirties. The seven-
thirties are a good investment; everybody appears
