1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
[Mr. Thayer] whether there is a court of equity
in the United States that would not adjudge a
contract of that description void tinder the cir-
cumstances stated? Fraud vitiates all contracts.
- That is a well-settled principle and rule of law;
and tiiat is all this amendment proposes.
Mr. STEVENS withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. THAYER#. I renew the amendment.
There is considerable force in the suggestion of
my colleague from western Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Williams,] but then the difficulty, it strikes me,
is this: the party who is to decide upon the facts
is one of the parties interested in the question to
be decided, and he is to decide it after the. mili-
taiy fashion, in a very summary manner.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is there any difference be-
tween this case and that of a judge sitting upon
-,the bench in any court of the United States on a
case in which the United States is a party?
Mr. THAYER. That case, I will say to the
gentleman, is by no means analogous to the one
which will arise under this amendment. It will
be left to some military officer of the Government,
and that officer, in his natural desire to prevent
any dishonest evasion of the law, may feel called
upon to put a very rigid construction upon the
conduct of the peison who put in the substitute.
He may set up a rule which wilPsubject the peo-
ple of this country to very great inconvenience
or oppression. He may, as has already been
said, compel parties to travel hundreds of miles
to this capital to prove their innocence of that
which is laid to their charge.
Now, sir, I think the whole error involved in
this proposition, and in the proposition of yester-
day to change the law upon this subject, consists
iii supposing that after the Government has ac-
cepted a substitute, there remains the slightest
ehrcd of the relationship of principal and agent
between the man who has furnished the substi-
tute and the substitute himself. There is, after
the examination and acceptanceof the substitute,
no such relationship at all. The substitute is not
the agent of the man who puts him in. He is his
substitute; thatis, (as the word implies,) he stands
in his place. The party drawn has fulfilled the
requisition of the law; he has satisfied all its de-
mands. There is, then, no relationship of prin-
cipal and fluent between these men.
Mr. A. MYERS. Does my colleague believe
that a lunatic owes military service to the coun-
try ?
Mr. THAYER. It is hardly necessary to an-
swer that question.
Mr. A. MYERS. Then if a man puts a luna-
tic into the service, has he who furnished such a
substitute given anything to the Government?
Mr.THAYER. Thegentleman could not have
listened to my iemarks,or he would have under-
stood that I do not controvert the general propo-
sition that a man who willfully and fraudulently
imposes on the Government a man unfit for mili-
tary duty should be punished for it. Thatis not
the question before the House.
Mr. DRIGGS. Thatis just this proposition.
Mr. THAYER.' No, sir. I beg pardon. The
proposition contained m the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is that the
Government shall decide upon the guilty knowl-
edge of the citizen who furnished the substitute,
not according to the forms of law provided for the
punishment of criminal offenses, but in a sum-
mary and militat y manner. That is an authority
which I will not by any vote of mine give to the
military officers of the Government.
I am asked by the gentleman from Delaware
near me [Mr. Smithers] who I propose shall de-
cide this question. I do not propose that there
shall be any one to decide it at all, because I am
opposed to the incorporation of such a provision
in this bill. 1 believe it to be unwise and unne-
cessary. I believe that the only proper founda-
tion upon which the law in regard to substitutes
can rest is that upon which it now stands; that
is, when a man who is liable to military duty has
furnished his substitute, and when the agent of
the Government expressly employed and paid to |
exnmmefhat substitute, in order to see that his |
qualifications come up to the requisitions of the ^
law, Ik;s decided upon his competency, it is unwise j
and impolitic to go back of that transaction, and !
to g%ve to an officer of the Government the power i
to decide in a summary manner, and without th§ ]
usual forms of trial which shield the citizen from
arbitrary authority, the question whether the
drafted man knew the defects of th^substitute fur-
nished. I think it would be very unwise to make
any such alteration in the enrollment law as that
which is now proposed. I think it would be most
distasteful to the people of this country, and per-
haps very unjust and oppressive in its operations.
I think that/so far from its being an improvement
upcm the law, it will bring reproach upon it. I
therefore hope the House will vote it down as
emphatically as they yesterday voted down the
original proposition to make the citizen lespon-
sible for the conduct of the substitute after he is
-mustered into the service.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I confcss to
a great deal of surprise at the vehement manner—
and I do not put the .phrase too strong—of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. THAYER. If my manner is not person-
ally offensive to the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I do not know that it is a
proper subject of public comment.
Mr. SCHENCK. i do not know that I have
said anything offensive in characterizing his man-
ner as vehement.
Mr. THAYER. It is'personally offensive.
Mr. SCHENCK. Notat all personally offen-
sive, nor was 1 saying anything personally offen-
sive to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I was
about to remark, what I shall not be prevented
from remarking, when interrupted, that I was
surprised at the vehement manner in which a
proposition of this kind is opposed by a gen-
tleman whom I know to be rated, and justly, I
presume, as a good equity ^lawyer. And yet,
with an earnestness which does seem to me very
remarkable, he takes the position that no frauds
practiced on the agents of the Government can be
punished by the Government, but that the Gov-
ernment must submit to the consequences. I
was surprised, in the first place, that a good law-
yer should maintain a position of that kind. I
was further surptised that he should be so earnest
in that remarkable doctrine as his vehemence of
manner showed him to be. Take his argument
in its length and breadth, and it is nothing but
this—that, so far as the Government is concerned,
it shall not be relieved, even as against fraud, but
shall be concluded by the acceptance, on the part
of its agents, of any substitute, no matter who or
what he may be; no matter how totally unfit for
the servicc; no matter how entirely concealed that
unfitness was, so that the examinmgofficers could
not detect it and thus prevent his being accepted.
Now this, permit me to say to the other gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] is a
very different proposition from the one rejected
yesterday, ^am so well satisfied of the difficul-
ties that arise out of this matter of substitutes and
bounties that I was disposed to hold principals
liable for their substitutes. The House, however,
voted down that proposition. But the proposi-
tion now presented in the form of an amendment
to take the place of a new section, is totally dif-
ferent from that, so far as the principle lying at
the bottom of it is concerned. It proposes to limit
the liability of principals to thosecases,and those
cases only, where the principal has been a party
to a fraud practiced on the Government, and
where he is shown to have been so. If these two
ideas are the same, then I cannotcomprehend dis-
tinctions.
Mr. STEVENS. I objected particularly be-
cause of the tiibunal, thousands of miles away.
A party might as well put in a new substitute as
have to come here to make a defense. It is the
same as making the word of the officer final and
conclusive on the principal.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am well aware that the
gentleman assigned that as another objection; but
at the commencement of his remarks he was par-
ticular to tell the House that this was precisely
the same proposition that was voted down yes-
terday; and to that I am now replying. Hiscol-
league [Mr. Thayer] also said that this was an
equivalent proposition to that which had not only
been voted down, but which, to use his own
words, had been emphatically voted down. What
1 say is that the two propositions are totally dif-
ferent; and members of the House will judge be-
tween us on that point when theyrome to vote.
Now, as to the tribunal, it is necessary that
somebody should decide these cases. It is neces-
sary, in getting men for your Army, that you
shall act in a somewhat summary manner. Does
thegentleman propose to organize a court in every
district whenever a question of this case may arise?
Does he propose that the officers of the Govern-
ment shallgo before some neighboring justice of the
peace, before some judge' of probate, before some
court of common pleas, or to have a military court
established? The wholethingisimpossible. Some-
body must determine whether the proof of fraud
is sufficient or not. I was not willing to take the
decision of the Provost Marshal General upon
that subject. I proposed that that proof should
be submitted to, and amount to what should be
satisfactory to the mind and judgment of, the
head of the Military Department. I know he is
an officer of the Government; so are the judges
of your Supreme Court. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] might as well say
that you cannot make, quoad hoc, a judge to de-
cide upon this or any other matter out of the
Secretary of War, or any one else, and thus ex-
tend the argumentandclaim that you cannotmake
a judge to try any case where the Government or
any of its interests is in question. There must be
a tribunal to administer this law, and it must be
made up of some one or more persons selected
from among the citizens of the United States,
either by devolving the duty upon some official
personage already existing, and the incumbent
of an office under the law," or else by selecting
some private citizen and making him the judge
for the occasion. I have here selected a high
official and given him the jurisdiction in the mat-
ter, because the jurisdiction must be seated some-
where, and the decision must be necessarily some-
what summary.
I am perfectly well aware of the difficulty un-
der which the Committee on Military Affairs and
others labor, .who wish a vigorous law, sufficient
to sustain our armies in the field, and help the
Government to put down the rebellion by having
armies in the field. We labor under the difficulty
of having an almost united front presented to us
on the other side, and having some gentlemen on
this side so difficult to be satisfied, that, by vot-
ing with the opposition to the Army, the opposi-
tion to the Administration, the opposition to the
Government, at least, in its efforts to put down
this rebellion, a majority is very often found
against that very .large proportion of the friends
of the Government on this side who would seek
to make efficient laws for these purposes. That
being the case, all legislation upon such subjects
seems to be made up by the few on this side and
the mass upon the other side, who—the most of
them, Ido not say itof all—will vote against any
bill whatsoever, after the few gentlemen on this
side have helped them frame and construct it;
who do not intend to vote for any bill for any
draft, but who are ready enough to unite with
some on this side to put it in such a condition that
it will be ineffective after it is passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman him-
self is combining with them to make a hateful bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a-matter of judg-
ment, upon which I will leave the House to
determine.
Mr. SMITHERS. I move that debate be now
closed upon this section and pending amendments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
that will not be done. The gentleman from Ohio"
[Mr. Schenck] has cast aspersions upon this side
of the House, which ought not to be allowed to
pass unnoticed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, 'I hope the
gentleman from Dtdawaie [Mr. Smithurs] will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. SMITHERS. I think it is better to press
the motion, because I see that there is some per-
sonal feeling beginning to be manifested.
The question was taken upon the question to
close debate upon the pending sections and amend-
ments; and upon a division there were—ayes 46,
noes 50. $
So the motion to close debate was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
the pending amendment to the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move to
strike out the entire section.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to amend the original sec-
tion. <
