THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. BIYES, WASHINGTON, P. C.'
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1865.
New Series No. 7J.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order, there being an amendment and an amend-
ment to the amendment already pending.
The question was upon the amendment of Mr.
Thayer to the amendment of Mr. Schenck.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Schenck.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move to
strike out the entire section. I will say that I
have listened long enough to the lecturing of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] I want to
say to him that he cannot look me in the face and
say I am not a loyal citizen.
Mr. SCt-lENCK. In order to narrow down
this controversy to its proper limits, lsay that I
used no such language at all, I said that the ma-
jority on that side of the House was opposed to
any draft, and would vote against any bill that
provided for a draft.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman has cast a reflection upon the Democratic
side of this House, of which I am a part and
parcel. Gentlemen may say the Democratic party
is obsolete, but I have an abiding confidence that
it will yet show vigor and vitality enough to save
the country and preserve the Government. And
let me say to the gentleman that he has no right
either her.e or elsewhere to call the motives of gen-
tlemen in question. Now, I have perfect confi-
dence in the courage of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.] I have seen evidences of it upon
record. If the gentleman continues as he has
begun here, he will find that there is a resistant
element of which he does not conceive. I would
recommend to the gentleman if he wants to fight
shadows to go promptly to the front and fight the
southeril confederacy, for that is the only shadow
left. [Laughter.] But that is where he has not
been, 1 believe.
A Member. Oh I yes, at Vienna. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Gentle-
men may laugh; but it seems to me there is more
truth than poetry in what i have said. However,
as a loyal citizen, I submit promptly to the re-
quirements of the Military Committee, not one of
whose members has ever been in the ranks,
[laughter,] and 1 do not suppose ever will be.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to close all debate
on this section and pending amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I object to
debate being closed. We are at a stage ofthe
bill where I desire to offer an additional section.
Let us take a vote on the amendments and dispose
of them.
Mr. GARFIELD. Cannot the gentleman offer
that afterward to the next section?
The SPEAKER. The Chair ia of the opinion
that he can.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] withdraw his motion for a
few moments?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not see the use of this
continued wrangling. However, if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tiiater]_ desires
to make a personal explanation 1 will withdraw
the motion if he will renew it when he has con-
cluded.
Mr. THAYER. I will do so.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I ought to re-
gret, I suppose,that I cannotsatisfy the expecta-
tions or nice discriminations of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] with regard to the position
which I assumed when I addressed this House in
opposition to his amendment either in respect to
my matter or my manner. Perhaps as regards
the latter I shall improve after I have had a longer
opportunity to study the model which he pro-
poses for my imitation.
But, sir, I do not choose to rest under the shadow
of thegentleman's misrepresentation of my argu-
ment. That is a matter about which I desire to
be understood.
Now, sir, the gentleman, by his remarks—than
71
which nothing could be more sophistical—would
leave me in the position of having gravely pre-
sented to this House the argument that a man
whp has deliberately imposed upon the Govern-
ment by a fraud shall be screened from punish-
ment. I have made no such argument. What I
said upon that subject was what I now repeat,
that while I might agree with the gentleman from
Ohio and with the advocates of the amendment
before the House, that it would be proper to in-
flict some punishment upon a man who willfully
misrepresents to the Government the qualifica-
tions of a substitute, and thus commits a willful
fraud upon the Government, I do not believe in
either the wisdom or the policy of enacting that
wherever a substitute may prove to be disqualified,
either physically, morally, or intellectually, it
shall be within the power of an officer of the
Government, upon his mere ex parte decision of
the question, to send into the ranks the man who
was oiiginally drawn, and who furnished the sub-
stitute.
Now, sir, if there be any man whose intellec-
tual perception is so obtuse that he has not been
able to discriminate between the proposition
which the gentleman from Ohio imputed to me
and the argument which I really placed before
the House, 1 will not take up the time of this
House in endeavoring to make it clearer to his
comprehension.
My objection to the measure proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio was, not that you might not
punish in some proper manner,and by some ap-
propriate tribunal,a fraud upon the Government,
butthatthe proposed amendment surrendered the
decision of the fact to an improper tribunal, and
that it would compel the accused party to travel
hundreds of miles to take his trial, and then con-
sign him to be tried by a military tribunal which
has already convicted him. Now, sir, I am op-
posed to that, because I believe that its adoption
would weaken the measure which the gentleman
from Ohio has in charge. Mr. Speaker, when a
man has two strong legs, you do not add to his
powers of locomotion by giving him a wooden
one inaddition. You do not strengthen any good
measure by adding to it unjust and odious features.
You do not strengthen the enrollment law by in-
corporating in it provisions which, while they are
of no benefit in themselves, are oppressive in their
operation and odious to the public sentiment of
this country.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I desire to ask a question
of my colleague. He now seems to have aban-
doned his original position, and, along with my
other colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] surrendered his
objection to the principle involved. He admits,
I think, that there is an evil here that ought to be
corrected, and that a contract of this sort, fraudu-
lent in its nature, ought to be declared void. Will
he now be good enough, for the benefit of this
Congress and the country, to name the appropri-
ate tribunal?
Mr. STEVENS. I have taken no different
position from what I took before.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand the gentle-
man to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I said that when
the matter had been once tried and decided, that
ought to be sufficient.
Mr. THAYER. I will answer the question of
my colleague.
I have not abandoned in the slightest degree
the position which I originally took. On the
contrary, I have endeavored to enforce the views
which I originally presented to the House.^ I
have not abandoned in any manner the position
for which I orginally contended. Therefore, the
gentleman will not, of course, expect me to assist
him in carrying this measure.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I understand my col-
league correctly, he is now prepared to admit that
this is a case m which the Government ought to
be relieved. I ask him, therefore, to propose the
means of lelief, to name what he considers the
proper tribunal to pass upon this question.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman, or any
member of the Military Committee, will propose
an adequate punishment for the willful and fraud-
ulent putting in of a disqualified substitute, and
will provide that the accused shall he tried by the
ordinary tribunals of the country, I would have
no objection to voting for such a measure. But
that is a proposition quite different from that
which the gentleman and his associates are at-
tempting to induce this House to adopt.
Mr. STEVENS. There isprovisionin another
section for the punishment of frauds of this kind.
Mr. ODELL. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to my colleague on
the Committee on Military Affairs, and I giva
notice that I will yield no further.
Mr.ODELL. I move to strike outthelastword.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has stated that this is a distinct propo-
sition from that which the House has voted down
already; and I understand him to take exception
to the statements of both gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens and Mr. Thayer] con-
travening his declaration that it was a new and
distinct proposition. Now, while it is true that
the proposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs before the House is not so
wide in its scope nor so general in its provisions
as the one voted down yesterday, yet I believe
that the principle upon which the House voted
yesterday is contravened in this very proposi-
tion before us. 11 shifts the responsibility which
belongs to the Government to the man who is
liable to be drafted, or being drafted, puts a sub-
stitute into the Army; and that is all there is of
it, and just what this amendment proposes to do.
We have existing laws which exclude from the
Army just the class of men the amendment pro-
poses to provide for, and I see no reason why we
should legislate further upon the subject. Wo
have,already the necessary laws ta protect us in
that regard. I.know, and will admit, that great
frauds have been perpetrated by both principals
and bounty brokers in furnishing substitutes, and
they should be punished. I know, in addition,
that men connected with the Government have
been parties to these frauds.
I know that there are men in the Old Capitol
prison arrested and imprisoned for their connec-
tion with these infamous scoundrels in placing:
unfit men in the Army, and for their frauds upon
the Government and the community. But that
is no reason why the whole country should be
oppressed with laws of unnecessary rigor against
every man who is liable to the draft, every man
liable to military duty. We need no law to
make a principal who shall put a substitute in
the hands and control of the Goverment respon-
sible after he is mustered into the service. The
burden and anxiety would be intolerable. It is for
the Government to appoint men of such chaiacter
and integrity as provost marshals and on the ex-
amining boards as will insure fidelity, and who
will know, when men are presented, whether
they are physically able for service, whether they
are sound or unsound both in mind and body,
and can discriminate if beyond the age, or only-
boys. It has come to my personal knowledge that
through crime or negligence on the part of offi-
cials of the Government holding rank in its ser-
vice, that old broken-down men, young boya not
sixteen yearsof age, and lunatics, have been mus-
teied into the service and sent to the Army only
to be mustered outand sent home, totally urifitfor
any service. I do not believe that in the exercise
of sound judgment, with integrity, such men could
have found their way into the Army. The crime
is not wholly confined to bounty brokers,but I fear
has been too often shared by unfaithful officers.
When the provost marshal and examining offi-
cers connected with him, and the officers assigned
to the duty of taking charge of and transporting
substitutes to the Army, shall all be held to a just
responsibility by the Secretary of War and the
Provost Marshal General, tinder presentlawa, we
shall have done all that is required upon the
subject.
