1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. Speaker, the mode of punishment, if gen-
tlemen of this House will look at it, is most oner-
ous binder the provisions of the proposed amend-
ment. Men drafted who have been arrested for
putting in tin impropersubstitute, whetherguilty
of wrong or innocent, have to travel it may be
one or two thousand miles to this city for redress.
They have to present their case to the Secretary
of War. I take it that the gentlemen around me
know what trouble there is in getting an audience
with the Secretary of War. How impossible it
is for us to see him often in cases of emergency.
It is not from a want of disposition on the part
of the Secretary, but from the want of time.
There are not hours enough in the day to meet
the demands upon him. What, then, would be
the condition of the men who .came up here to
have their cases decided ? I have only to state the
difficulty in order that every member may see
the force of the objection, and also the great bur-
den it will impose both upon the men charged
with the offense and the War Department.
I must say one word in regard to the gentle-
man's criticism of the members upon this side of
the Chamber. Certainly, as a member of this
side of the House, 1 must and do most emphat-
ically lake exception to the style and manner of
the remarks addressed by the chairman of the
Military Committee to us. If he pretends to say
that the members on this side who belong to the
party vvith which I have the honor to be con-
nected are not loyal, patriotic, and devoted to the
welfare of the country, he says what is wrong.
The country has been engaged in this struggle
for its life now about four years, and there has
not been a time when the Democratic party was
not as steadfast to the interests of the country as
the gentleman from Ohio or his party.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me, I will disclaim having said
any such thing as he imputes to me. I said that
a large majority of the other side of the House
was opposed to any draft, and I refer to the rec-
ord to prove the truth of my assertion. The gen-
tleman himself is not in that category. But I
say that the records show that a majority on that
side have uniformly voted against all drafting
laws; and I said* that the large majority there,
together with others on this side of the House,
made up a majority of this House. I do not be-
lieve that the gentlemen to whom I referied, con-
stituting that majority, will vote for this bill, let
us put it in what shape we will.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Does the gentleman say
that was the only imputation he cast upon this
side of the Hous^ ?
Mr. SCHENCK. My remarks will be report-
ed, and I stand by them.
Mr. ODELL. I did understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say distinctly that a majority of the
members upon this side of the floor would vote
against this draft bill; but when the gentlemen
come to read the recoid of the reporters it will be
found that he said other things in connection with
that. lie said that wo were found arrayed against
all measures for the preservation of the Govern-
ment with almost a solid front.
Mr. SCHENCK. I say so yet.
Mr. KALBFLElSCIi. It is not true; and
when the gentleman from Ohio says that, he tells
what is false, and I will tell him so here and else-
where.
Mr. SCHENCK. These things do not disturb
me at all.
Mr. ODELL. I certainly am not mistaken
as to the language of the gentleman from Ohio;
and it is not the first time that the manner in
which the thing has been said upon that side of
the House was as objectionable as it has been
to every member upon this floor this morning.
And, sir, I protest against this sort of language
in the House of Representatives by anybody
with reference to the party with which I am con-
nected. I protest against it because it is not cor-
rect m fact; arid I protest against it because it is
giving aid and comfort to the enemies of our
country. I would like to know how gentlemen
will teel on the other side of the line when they
shall road the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio. What will be their inference? Simply and
only that this country is divided; and southern
leaders will make,as they ever have done, a good
use of such language.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not much.
Mr. ODELL. And that one portion of it, i
almost one half, are enemies to the Government.
I want no such record to go forth to the enemies
of this country, North or South, nor do I want
such statements to go to foreign lands, and so far
as I may be enabled to prevent it it shall not,
without a denial. 1 have no hesitation in saying
that the party with which I am connected has
been, from the beginning of this war up to this
present hour, earnest that the power, influence,
and weight of the Government should be com-
bined and felt to the suppression of the rebellion
and the overthrow of treason; but occasionally
there has come from that side of the House these
strictures upon the members of the party and
upon its millions of voters throughout thfe coun-
try, nearly one half of its voting population.
And I hope the last time has come when any such
thing shall be said of the Democraticparty, whose
interests are linked with the destinies of the na-
tion. It is our country as well as yours. With
our sanction it shall never be divided. We know
but one flag; following it thousands of Democrats
have fallen, and now fill a soldier's grave. Thou-
sands are now in the field and before the enemy,
ready to endure hardship,'toil, suffering, and
death to uphold the honor and integrity of the
nation, and preserve its life. The masses of the
Democratic party of the country have had and
intend to have a part in the redemption of this
land from the wickedness, folly, and crime of
secession.
We have our differences of opinions, as we
have had here this morning, upon this question
of enrollment. 1 do not know how many of my
political friends will vote for this bill or against
it, but they will vote according to the dictates of
their consciences, as the gentleman from Ohio
will. I do not know that it is an obligation upon
any man to vote as it may seem best to a ma-
jority of the Committee on Military Affairs, or
according to the dictates of the chairman of it.
We do, however, claim to exercise the privilege
of voting as we choose, and in harmony with
the dictates of our consciences, for what we be-
lieve to be right, and for the best interests of the
country. After the proper expression of our
views upon this floor as Representatives, and the
majority shall adopt measures that we cannot
approve, yet we shall steadfastly stand by our
flag and the institutions it represents.
Now, sir, I regret exceedingly that this char-
acter of debate has occurred; and gentlemen will
bear me witness that for four years I have not
engaged in any such personal matter; but the
time, m my judgment, seemed to have come when,
for myself, my constituents, the Democratic par-
ty, and the country, these things should be said
by way of rebuke here ard now, and that the
party to which 1 belong should be vindicated
from the oft-repeated charge of disloyalty.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. In discussing a ques-
tion of this magnitude, upon which the welfare of
the nation more or less depends, I deem it entirely
unwise to descend to personal recrimination, or
to any degree of party spirit. After the elegant
wit of the gentleman from Pennsylvania on the
other side, [iMr. Randall,] and the magnificent
display of fireworks by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] upon this side of
the House, it seems to me we have lost our bear-
ings m relation to the question now pending.
Gentlemen upon the floor have the right to enter-
tain whatever opinions they may, and cast what
votes they may, and they are responsible, not to
me, but to their constituents, and to those con-
stituents they must render thciraccount. To that
body many did render their accounts at the hist
election, and were tried in the balance and found
wanting.
Sir, I was opposed to the amendment intro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
yesterday, and I was also opposed to the amend-
ment offered by my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] yesterday. I was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, because
the law now provides that when a man puts into
the Army a substitute, and that substitute is ac-
cepted and mustered into the service, and passes
beyond the control of the principal into the control
and custody of the United States, then the liabil-
ity of the person sending the substitute ceases.
■ By that amendment the principal might he sub-
li ject to punishment when he had in good faith
.complied with all the requirements of law. This
would be unjust to the subject.
I was opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, because under its pro-
visions a person knowingly sending a substitute
into the Army who was subject to epileptic fits,
was insane, was a common drunkard, a deserter,
or an escaped convict, would not be amenable to a
penalty for that fraud, but the acceptance of the
substitute would be conclusive on the Govern-
ment. This would be unjust to the Government.
The amendment proposed to-day is simply this,
that if a person knowingly and fraudulently sends
a substitute who is insane, or afflicted with dis-
ease which utterly unfits him forservice,or of bad
moral character, or an escaped convict, or a de-
serter, he cannot take advantage of his own wrong,
butmust suffer the penalty by being himself again
placed on the roll. That is the point distinguish-
ing this amendment from those offered yesterday.
I am aware that a draft in its best sense, if not
an odious, is a severe measure. It is a measure
only to be resorted to in case of necessity. But
when that necessity comes then the law should
be made the most effective that it can possibly be.
Can it be said that it is a hardship on the person
who sends a substitute that he shall be punished
for an absolute and positive fiaud? Shall it be
said that when a man gets a substitute accepted
and mustered into service by means of an abso-
lute fraud he shall not suffer the consequences?
As well might it be said if I owe my friend from
Pennsylvania $1,000, and pay him in money
which he accepts, and which I know to be coun-
terfeit, that I am thereby discharged both from
the debt and also fiom all penalty for the offense.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
he is opposed to this amendment because of the
tribunal which is to decide upoji the offense of
the principal, and still suggests no other or bet-
ter one. It is easy to tear down. There are
many modern philosophers who would tear down
the fairest fabric of religion and civil law, and
who are yet unable to propose anything in place
thereof.
Would the gentleman take those offenders be-
fore the courts of the country? If so', then all
that I can say to the gentleman is that he could
get no decision on these cases before the war
ends. Courts are dilatory, and the gentleman
knows it as well as I do,and the penalty would
never be imposed upon the man who commits
the fraud.
The gentleman says he could not leave the de-
cision of these cases to the Secretary of War,
because he is a portion of the Government. Why,
sir, he is the very man to pass upon them. He
has control of the military Department of the
Government. He has control of the mustering
of armies for the field, the discharge of soldiets,
and everything connected with the movement of
armies, and is supposed to be the man who knows
most about these matters. He will not soil his
integrity as a judge, nor disregard his oath of
office. I know of no tribunal, other than this,
where justice can be done within a reasonable
time; and I know of no tribunal where the rights
of persons will be better protected under the law,
and more especially as the amendment provides
that there shall be no conviction except upon due
proof.
Now, I hope gentlemen will consider this meas-
ure. If gentlemen are opposed to a draft in any
event, then of course they will vote against the
amendment. But if, on the other hand, they are
in favor of a draft, then the patriotic men will vote
for it, whether upon tins side of the House or
upon the other. Sir, in discussing this great ques-
tion, and in all questions which he at the founda-
tion of our Government, which lie in the way of
the prosecution of this war, I abjure party. I
hope I am man enough to rise above the shackles
and trammels of party. 1 go for my country and
the Constitution;! go for putting down this rebel-
lion by every lawful means in my power. And
I call on my friends on the other side of the
House, who disagree with me in politics, who
have disagreed with me, I have no doubt, from
the time I entered into political life, to abjure their
party training and come tip like men and patriots,
sworn to support the Constitution and the Gov-
ernment, and lend their .aid in carrying on this
war to a successful issue. If we are to have a
draft let us make the draft effective. I would not
