356
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr, STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed
"the consideration of the special order, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Price.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 move to add to
the first section of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no notes issuorl under tho law shall bo a
legal tender, and no notes shall be issued of a less denomi-
nation than §100.
. The question was taken, and there were—ayes
22, noes 45; no quorum voting,
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper and
Mr. Davis, of Maryland, were appointed.
The committee divided,and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
There being no further amendments offered to
the first section of the bill, the Clerk read the
second section.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the second
section by striking out all after the word " advis-
able" in the seventh line down to the end of the
section, us follows:
Ami lilt- Secretary of the Treasury Is further authorized
to UKitu horn!* ol'tlit* desci Iptfon iyf.ii<!d under tile nuthmity
of tile act of ^2(1 June, Iktji.in pursuance of the notice for
" piopoMl* lor loans," dated Bill September, ItSGO, to mb-
aci ibei t lo ih.u loan loi the one per cent, deposited uudei ^anl
lumen anil not repaid . Pratiial, 'Pliatihe tmuiU so issued
niiaii hear not moie than five pvr cent, interest: Jlnd jno-
i-iifcif further, That fractional amounts may be lepaid in
lawful money of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion bccause I
am not quite satisfied, from the evidence which
we have, that these bonds ought to be issued. It
may be tluit hereafter we shall be supplied with
sufficient evidence to induce us to giant these
bonds. During the last Administration, propo-
sals were made lor bonds payable, f believe, in
lS7l,ttiid a deposit was required at the time that
proposal was made of one per cent. A laige
number of those who made proposals paid up,
but the loan fell in value accord irig to my infoi ina-
tion. Some say that it was because the Secretary
of the Tiensury did not call for it, and others sny
that it was because the loan thus fell; but for some
reason or other a portion of those who had bid
did, not go on and comply with their contiacts.
The loan went below par. Now it is above par,
und they come in and ask that the deposit which
they had made us a forfeiture shall be given
to them in bonds.
As I said before, I am not satisfied that it was
the fault of the Government that they were not
paid. My information about that is vuiiuus. The
Treasury Department has heard that Mr. Cobb
did not call for them. The information from other
very respectable sources is that they declined to
pay it up. Therefore I do not wish to express
nn absolute judgment on the question now, and
would rather have further time to consider it. If
it is proper we cun put it into another appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, that obviates
the necessity of some inquiries that I was about
to make of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means; but there are one or two other
points on which 1 desire information. The gen-
tleman will excuse me, for 1 have no other means
of obtaining information on the sub ject. The first
point on which I desire to make an inquiry is in
regard to the amount of §4,000,000 specified in
the fourth line of the second section. Why is
that special sum selected ? I wish also to make
an inquiry about the sixth line—" or, if he shall
find it expedient, in Europe at any time" to dis-
pose of these bonds he may do it. Is it woith
while to put in these words'? What is the object
of them?
Mr. STEVENS. When these bonds were is-
sued, $4,000,000 worth of them were sent to Lo .
don for the purpose of being disposed of. They
were never disposed of. They remain on hand
now in Europe. This is to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to dispose of them either
here or in Europe,and to receive either our own
money or the money of Europe for them; that is,
not only our own gold coin, but European gold
coin. That is the only object.
Mr. BROOKS. One further inquiry. I should
like to know from the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means in whose hands these bonds
are in Europe.
Mr. STEVENS. The Secretary offlie Treas-
ury docs not name the parties in whose hands
they are. But I understand they are deposited
in the hands of Baring.
Mr. BROOKS. Hypothecated there?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir. Deposited there
for Rale.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Stevens, and it was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I intended to offer an amend-
ment, but as that offered by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] has been tidopted,Xam
not sure whether we will aslt the House to pass
the bill. I move now that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Spu.dtng reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration, as a special
order, a bill (II. It. No. GT7) toainend ail act en-
titled "An act to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, lS64,and had directed
him to report tho same back to the House with
two amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
Mr. SCOt'lELD. 1 ask my colleague to with-
draw the motion so as to let me offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. What is it?
Mr.SCOFIELD, I wish to amend the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] by inserting after the words " this
law" the words " nor the act to which this is a
supplement."
Mr. STEVENS. I rather think that if the
Hoi iso a£io<  m Lho amendment proposed hy tho
gentleman from Mai viand we shall not asic for
the passage of the hill. I cannot withdraw the
motion for tho previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered, winch was first on the first
amendment reported hy tho Committee of the
Whole on tho state of ihe Union, as follows:
Adtl at the end of ihe, fim section :
1'roUdctl, Th.it no nott; ksuoU under thi-s law shall he n
legal lender, ami no note bhall be issued of a Iws denomi-
nation than jfclOO.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr* KA>SSON. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether that amendment is not susceptible of di-
vision.
The SPEAIvKR. It is not. An amendment
reported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union must be voted on as a whole.
Mr. KASSON. Ther e are two distinct propo-
sitions in it.
The SPEAKER. The rule is that an amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the Whole
as an entire amendment is not divisible. If the
amendment were offered in the House as an inde-
pendent proposition, it would be divisible; but,
being reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, it must be voted on as
a whole.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tho negative—yeas GO, nays G3, not voting 60; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AHNon. Ancona, AugustusC. Baldwin,
Blaine, iiiooks, Bioomall, James S. Brown, (.'hauler, Clay,
Cole, Cox, Creswell, Ileniy Wmn*r Davi-., I).uvea, Daw-
son, Denwon, Eden, Kdgerton, Eldiulge, Finek,
Gun -on, Chai lo* I Put i>, William Johnson, KalbfleiM'h,
OiLuulo Ktllogg, Keiiictn, liU/.^nr, Lonjr, Mullory, Mc-
Doueli, Muidleton, Samuel i'\ Millei, Noble. Odeli, John
OW'iH, Pendleton, Petty, Piter, Samuel J. .Randall, Rog-
ers*, James S. Iloll'iis', teeiienek. Seofteld, Sloan,
SpaMing, YVdlmm O Steele, Stiouse, Tr>\\ nsend, Tiac-y,
Wad^voith, lililiu J>, Wj-Jibutne, William B. Washburn,
Wheelei, CU.iton A. White. Joseph VV. White, Williams.
Wilder, ami Wilr-on—CJ.
NAYS—Ai.ies, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Peaman, Blow, IJoutweil, Boui, Ambio&e
W. Cl.tik, Cobb, Drilling. Dixon, Donnelly, Ecklev, Eiiot,
English, Frank, G.ufmld.Gooeh, Grmnell, Hale, Ilohnan,
Hooper, Hotohkiss, A^ahel W. Hubbard, John 11. Hub-
bard, Ingerscii, Jenckes, Plullp Johnson, Julian, Ktifeoij,
Kelley, Knox, Lltllcjohn,Lonn, Loagyear. Marvin, McAl-
lister, McDude, MeCluig, Melndoe, Mooihcad, Momii,
Daniel Mollis, Amos Myers, Norton, Oith, Pcrham, Pike,
Wtlham II. Randall, Alcxnndet SI. luce, John II. Rice, Ed-
ward H Rolling Sfott, Shannon, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat,
Thayer, Upson, and Van Valkenburgh— G3.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. James C. Alien,William J. Al-
len, Alloy, Anderson. Blair, Bliss, Bramlegee, William G.
Brown, 'Freeman Clarke. Coffioth, Craven1*, Thomas T.
Davis, Duinorit, Farn-svvoith.Grider, Griswold, Hail, Iiaid-
ing, Ilatiington, Benjamin G. Ham*, Derrick, liigby, llnl-
butd, Ilutciims, Francis W. Keilogg, King. Knapp, Law,
Le Blond, Marcy, Me Kinney, William II. Miller, James R.
Moiris,Moriison, Leonard Myers, .Nelson, Charles O'Neill,
Patteuon, Pomeioy, Pruvn, Radloid, Robinson, Smith,
Smithes. Starr, Jolm B. Steele, Stile*,Thonm,Vooihee,«,
Ward, Webfcter, Whaley, Windom. Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Yv'ood, Woodbridge, Worihmgton, and
Yeainan—GO.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I denoand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 64, not voting 53;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnold, Baily, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beam:m,Ulow, Boutwtd), Boj d', Ambrose W.Clark,
Cobb, Dnnuifr, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, English,
Fcirnsworih, Frank, Goocii, Gnmieii, Hale, Benjamin G.
Hums, lligby, Ilohnan, Hooper, liotchkic.-*, A^alul W.
Hubbard, John II. Ilubbard, fngei^oll, Jcncke:*, Julian, Kas-
t>on, Ivellcy, Knox, J^itilejohn, Loan, Longyeai, M.nvin,
McBude, McCiuig, Melndoe, Moorhead, Morull, Daulol
Moms, Auios Mvei-J, li'-onard Myeis, Noiton, Oluuies
O'Neill, Oith, Petham, Pike, William H. llandall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John 11. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sehenek,
Shannon, Sloan, Stevens, jStu.ut, Thuyer, Upson, Van
Valkenlmi«h, and Whaley—65.
NAY?1—Me^sis. Allison, Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Blaine, Brooks, Bioomall, James S. Blown, Chanler. Clay,
('otiioth, Cole, Cox, Ciuveas, Creswel', Henry Wmier
Davi^, Dawes, Dawson, Diis-i^, Eden, Ed^eiton, EUlitdge,
Fmek, Ganson, G.iifield, Gudcr, Hauhn^, Haninst<ai,
(Charles M. Hatu*, Philip Johnson,Wilh.im Johnson, K.ilb-
fleueh, Oilando Keliog"4, Kernan, Law, Le Blond, Lonjj,
Mai lory, Matev, Muidleton, Samuel F. Miller, Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Peirv, Puee, Samuel J. Randall,
James ]Wllm«!, lion, Seoiieid, Sp.ddm-, William G.
Steele, Stiou-e, 'J'owu>end, Tracy, Wad-.uoiUw Elilm B.
VVa-iibmne, VYilii.tm B. Washburn, Wheelet, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. VVliuc, Wilhaai!>, Wilder, and Wilson
—6 K
NOT VOTING—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alle\, Andei<on, Ashley, Blair, t'.ii-s^, Biamii-gee, \V;|-
I hamG. Biowu. Fieeinan Clarke, Thom.w 'P. D.ivi-,,'l)cm-
son, Dum^iit.Gu^W( id, Hall, Heinek, Hullumi, llmchins,
Fianeis VV. Kellogii, King, Knapp, La/ear, .M<' Alli-tei, Mc-
Dowell, MeKiniiey, William H. Miller, J.noes It. IVJoiiis,
Motrihon, Nelson, Pnlteii-on, l'oinet( y, Piujn, Iladfoid,
llobin«oa, Rogers, Scott, Smith, Siniiheis, Starr. John B.
Steele, Slile>, Sweat, Tiiomas, Voorhees, Waid, Webber,
Windom, Winlicld, Benjamin Wood, Fenmndo Wood,
Woodbridge, Wouhington, and Yeaman—53.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
^ The next amendment adopted in Committee of
the Whole was road, as follows:
Stilkc out in the second ncciiou all after the woul "nd-
' visable," lib lollows :
And ihe Secietaiy nf th" Tiea^ury i-< further aufhorizfd
to i-^uc bonds of ihe desfiiption issued under the atuhontv
of the act of'.'Od June, I SOU, in puit-uanee of tiie notice lo'r
"piopo&als lor loan." dated 6th Sepiembei, JtGO, to «,nb-
cenbers to tisat loan lor the one p^r cenl. d; p')>!tcd under
said notice and not repaid: Pyomled, That the bonds so
issued shall beai not moie than Jive per cent, interest:  lnd
provided finther, That fiaetiotial amounts may be lepaid
in lawful money ol tiie United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask unanimous consent to
offer an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr.STEVENS. 1 move to amend by adding
the following:
Provided, That this act shall not be soconsrmed a? to
give any authority loi th« isbue of-any h-yal u-nder notes: in
any form, beyond the lulincc unissued ol the amount au-
thoinsed by the bccond suction of the actio which thib is
an amendment.
On Ihisnmcndment I call the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. J ask the gentle-
man to allow me lo move an amendment to his
amendment, providing that these notes ahull not
be of a less den omiuution than $100.
Mr. S TEVKNS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. That is the very part of the gentleman'u
amendment to which I most objected.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the amendment of Mr. Stevens was
adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
