1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
put unjust or onerous burdens on the people.
The draft itself is onerous enough. Still, when
■we are driven to have it, for the purpose of carry-
ing on the war, let us make it effective, and say
to those men who would cheat the Government:
" If you do it willfully and knowingly you shall
suffer the penalty."
I now move to close debate upon this section
and pending amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The first question was upon the motion of Mr.
Odell, to strike out the last two lines of the
amendment of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. ODELL. I withdraw that amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Schenck, to insert an additional sec-
tion.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following section: •
Sec. —. find be it further cnaclcd, That in ease any
substitute shall desert fiom the Army, and it shall appear,
by evidence satisfactory to the Secretary of War, that the
party furnishing such substitute shall have in anyway,
directly or lndueetly, aided or abetted such deseition, or
have been privy to any intention on the part of such sub-
stitute to desert, then such person shall be immediately
placed in the Army, and shall s=eive lor the period for
which he was liable to draft, such «erviee to commence
at the date of the desertion of the substitute.
Thfi amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] as amended, by inserting after the
words " active service in the ranks" the foilow-
ing: (
Oi a minor between the ages of sixteen and eighteen
veais, without the consent of his paient or guardian, or a
minor under the age of sixteen >ears.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
. The question recurred upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and iiwas decidcd in
the affirmative—yens 71, nays 67, not voting 44;
as follows:
VEAS—Mfs&rs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Raid-
win, Uaxter, Beatnan, lUame, Boyd, lhoomall, AmbiOse
\V. Clatk, Cobb, Cole, Ileniy Winter Davis, Thomas '1.
Davis. U.iwe*, Doming, Dixon, Donriellv, Di Duinont,
Uckley, Uliot, Fainsvvoith, Fiank, Gai field, Couch, Gns-
wnlri, lliiiby, Hooper, Hotchkis-*, A^ahel VV. Ilulibaul,
John U.'ilubtMid, Ilulburd, Jenclies, Kasion, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Oilamlo KpIIo<;;, Knox, Littl<>|omi,
X,on yoar. Marvin,"McBnde, MeCllllg. Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Mm us, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers, Norton,
(Jlwiies O'Neill,Ortli. Patteison, Pertain, Pike, Poincioy,
Pi.ce, William II. Randall, John II. itiee, KikvardI 11.
liiillins, Schenck,Scofield, Stannon, Smitliei--,Tracy, Van
Valkonhurgli, Ulilm 1!- VVashbuine, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, and VVoodtirnlgc—71.
NAYsJ—Mc-isK. James C. Allen, Ancona, Rally, Au-
trustus C. ISaldwin, lSiooks, Otanler, Clay, Uoftioth, Cox,
Oiavens, Diuvmih, Denison, liden, Edgt'i ton, Uldrulge,
En lisli, Fmek. Uan3on,Giider, Ihudum, Han in«tnn, Ben-
i.uuin G. Il.uri's, Chillies M. U.uris, lien ick, Philip John-
son, Kalbllcisch, Kcinan, Knapp, Law l.a/.ear. Loan,
Malloiv, Ma icy, Mc Kinney, Middlcton, William II. Miller,
James" H. Moms, Moiil„on, Nelson. Moble, Odell, Jolm
O'Neill, Pendleton, 1'euy, I'liun, lUdliml, Samuel J. Kan-
dall, James S ltolIm-,lto s,Seott. John II. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles, Hiioum*, ritnait, Sweat, Thayer, Tovvnseiid, Voor
hoe-, WaiUiroitli, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Wmfield, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
^NOT VOTING—Messrs, William ,T. Allen, Alley. An-
derson. Arnold, Blair. JSUss, Blow, Boutwell, Brandesce,
James S. Brown, William G. Blown, I; reeman C arte,
Cie-swell, Gnnnell, Hale, Hall, Ilolmini, llutchins, ,n!-"r-
t-oll, William Johnson, Inlian, Kirn;. Le Llond, Loll,,, Mc-
Allister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Samuel I'. Mtllei, Alexan-
der II. Rice, Robinson, Unguis, Sloan, i"1"1"-
Stair, William G. Bteele,Tliomas, Upson, Ward. William
IS. Washburn, Wheeler, Wiudoin, ilciijamiii Wood, and
Worthington—44.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
During- the roll-call,
Mr. COX said: 1 ask leave to vote, having
been absent on a committee of conference, when
jnv name was called.
Mr. CiAPvFlELD. I object. I do not think
that gives a member a right to have his vote
recorded after Ins name has been called and he
lias not responded to the call of his name. _ _
The SPEAKliR- 'i'he Chair is of the opinion
that being upon a committee of conference does
not give a member the right to vote, if absent at
the time his name was called. The Chair, how-
ever, will look up the authority on that subject,
and announce it before the result of the vote is
announced. .
The call of the roll having been completed,
The SPEAKER said: The chair will read the
authorities upon the subject of a member of a
committee of conference voting, front Barclay's
Digest, page 185:
"A member of a committee of conference, absent when
his name is called, has no right to have his vote recorded.
But. according to the practice, a member absent by leave
of the House is usually peimitted, by a voteot the House,
or by unanimous conoeut, to have his vote recorded ; but
not alter the result is announced, unless his vote will not
change the result."
By unanimous consent, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] will be allowed to have his vote
recorded.
No objection being made,
Mr. CiOX voted in the negative.
The result of the vote was announced as above
stated.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 784) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to regulate the admeasurement of
tonnage of sh i ps and vesselsofthe United States,
approved May 6, 18G4; .
An act (H. R. No. 781) granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use of Govern-
ment piers in said harbor for the purpose of pro-
tecting said harbor;
An act (H. R. No. 783) concerning the collec-
tion district of Salem and Beverly in Massachu-
setts; and
An act (H. R. No. 738) relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels.
ENROLLMENT BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
to the first section of the amendment just adopted
the following:
  © *
Provided. That no such decision shall be made by the
Seeretaiy of War, unless made on notice to the patty
within thnty days after the substitute shall have been mus-
tered into the seivice.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers^
Tellers wore ordered; tuid Messrs. Schenck
and Stlvens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 5G.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 63, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Mc^rs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus (J. Baldwin, Brooks, Chunler, Clay, Coflroth, Cox. Cra-
vens Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edfiei ton, Eldi'dge, English,
CJanson, Garfield. Grider, Gn&wold, llalc. Haulm", liai-
rington, Benjamin G. ilair^, Chaile*>M. Uartis, Ilemck,
Ilolman, Philip Johnson, Kalbtleisch, Keiuan, Knapp,
Law, Eazear, JLoan, Mallory, ftlaicy, McAllister, McKm-
nev Middleton, William IJ. Miller. James It. Morris, Nul-
hon Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Periy, I'luyn,
lUdlord, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Jaiiios
S Rollnw, Sr-ott, John li. Steele, Steven-, Stiles,
Utronse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Townsend, Voorhecs,
Wad^worth, Webster, Whaley, Whe.-ler, Chilton A.
White, JoM'pU W. White, Wmlield, Fernando Wood, and
1 NU\Yri^Mes«rs. Alison, Ames, Ashley, Baxter, Bra-
man, Blame, Boyd, Brande^ee, Broomall, Ambio^e W.
Clark, Cobb, Cole, ileniy Winter Davi-. Thomas 1. Davis,
Dixon, Donnellv, Dnass, Dumont, Eckley, Kliot, 'l «trns-
worth, Fiank. Goocli, Uoojier. Iiorehki>s, Asaliel w. Ilub-
baid,John ll/llnbbard. Ilulburd, Jeneke^, Ka-wn, Kelley,
Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littleiohn, Lonyyear.Maivin.Me
Bride McCluig, Mooihead, Mori ill, Daniel Morris?, Amos
Myers, Noiton,Charts O'Neill, Oith, Patterso,., Pe hai ,
Pomeiov, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward
II. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Snuihet*, Tiary,
Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams,Wildei,
Wilson, and Woodbrulge—GU.
NOT VOTING—Mes is. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, John D. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Blow, Bout-
well. James S. Brown,William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke,
Cicswoil, Dawes, Doming, Fmek, Gnnnell, Hall, lligby,
Hutching Lnaiersoll, William Johnson, Julian, I'lanci^ W.
Kellogg, King, Le Blond, Long, McDowell, Mclndo..,
Samuel P. Miller, Mornson, Leonard Mver^, I ike, Lob-
msioii, Ko{t t®, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, VV illiam G.
Steele, Thomas, Up-on, Ward. William B. Washburn,
Wmdom, .Benjamin Wood, and Woitlungton—47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken; and aiso move tliat
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 53, nays 81, not voting 48; as
follows: 1
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Blaine, Boyd, BroomaW, Cobb,
Henry Wintrr Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, DJi.w>on,
Dixon, Donnelly, Diigg>, Dmnont, Eliot, Fain>vvorth,
Fiank, Gaifield, Gooeii, John II. Hubbard, Ilulburd,
Jetickes,Ka^on, Kellev, Oilando Kellogg, K< man, Knox,
Littlejohn, Longyeur', Marvin, MeAllUer, McBruIe, Mc-
Clurg Morrill, Darnel Morris Amos Myers, Leonard My-
ers, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Ortb, Patterson, Pendh-ton,
Perham Perry, Pomeroy, Alexaivder II. Rice, Edward H.
Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Smithcrs, Webster, Williams,
Wilder, and VVoodbudge—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Jaun-s C. Allen, Ames, Aneona, Ashley,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin. Benman,
Brooks, Chanler, Ambrose VV. Claik, Clay, Cofiroth Cole,
Cox, Cravens, Deni&on, Eckley, Eden, EUgermn. Ekhidge,
English, Fmek, Gannon, Grider, Gu&wold, Hale, Hall,
Haiding, Ilaumgton, Benjamin G, Harris,Charles M. Har 
ris, Ueruck, Ilotchkiss, A-ahel W. Hubbard, Philip John-
son, Kalbflei-ch, Knapp, Law, Loan, Mallory,Ma«cy,Mc-
Kmncv. Middleton, William H. Miller, James 11. Morns,
Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pike, Pi ice,
Pruyn, Radl'oid, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
John II. Iiiee, Jame^ S. Rollins, lloss, Scott, Shannon,
John li. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse. Sweat, Thayer,
Townsend, Tracy, Van Valkenburgb, Voorhces, Wads-
worth, Ehhu B. Washburne, Whaley, Wheeler,Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wilson, Winfield, and Fernando
^NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Baxter, Blair, Bliss,Blow, Boutwell,Brau-
de^ee James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Freeman
OlTuku, Ci'CbWell, Uenuiig, Grinildl, Higby, Holman,
lliicipur, Hutcliins, Iilseraoll, Willmni Johnson, Julian,
Fnuicn W. Ki'llog", Kiiir, ha Clomt, Iji>ng, Mo-
Dowcll, Mclndoe, Samuel F. iMill«r, Moorlie;i(i,UolmiHOn,
UoECrs, Sloan, Snntll, SpaUlnig, Starr, William Or. bteele,
Ptu.ut, Thomas, U|ison, Want, William B. Washburn,
Windom, Benjamin Wood, Worthington, and reamun—48.
So a call of tlie House was not ordered.
During; the roll-call,
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that Mr. Spalding
was absent on account of indisposition.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to rescind for this day-
only the order fixing the adjournment at half past
five o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they hud examined and found
truly enrolled House bill No. 690, to revive cei-
tuin provisions of the act entitled " An act further
to provide for the collection of duties on imports
and tonnage," approved March 3, 1815, and for
other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD, (at
ten minutes past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Monday, Februanj 27, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. John Tonnes, of Ohio.
On motion ot Mr. CONNESb, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading ot the Journal of Sat-
urday's proceedings was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, m compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 22J instant, a copy of the instruc-
tions issued by that Department relative to the
enrollment of citizens of the State of Louisiana;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 11th instant,
a copy of the report of Thomas Hood and S. W.
Bostwick, special commissioners appointed to
investigate and report upon the condition and
treatment of colored refugees in Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, and Alabama; which was urdeied tu lie
on the table, and be printed. _
He also laid before the Senate the following
communication; which was oidered to lie on the
table, and be printed:
H'iii Department,
Washington Ctty. Fishmaiy 25, l o5.
Sir: T have the honoi 10 acknowledge the icceipt of the
reboiiiti'w of the Senate ot the idih ultimo, e.'iiiug for fi
statement of the " numlK'i of soldn-i- and sailors, staling
each beparately, the several Stales, Trriitoues, and tin
Di:-trict<)t Columbia havji luim-lied tin; Aimy and N;>vj
undct all t!i<> calk hfietolore made, setting forth the num
ber demanded, and the number tuiniohed under cach call
and the lime lor which the same weie enlisted."
Having submitted the subjcct to the consideration offn*
President, f am directed by hln> not to communicate tin
information called for on the ground that Its publication, a
