358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
lieved from any obligation to the Government
under his contract of the 2Gth of June, 18G4, to
furnish two hundred thousand blankets at ninety
cents per pound; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a petition of
citizens of Baltimore, praying for the adoption of
the metric system of -weights and measures;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of officers
in the military eerviceof theUnited States,pray-
ing for an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the memorial and
papers of John Ericsson, praying compensation
for services in the construction of the machinery
and propeller of the United States steamer Prince-
ton, were ordered to be taken from the files and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
AMENDMENT OF TIIE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. WADE. I desire to present a joint reso-
lution from the Legislature of Ohio, instructing
the members of Congress from that State in rela-
tion to amending the Constitution of the United
States relative to slavery, which I ask to liavo
lead.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Joint resolution instructing the members of Congress from
this Stale m relation to amending the Constitution of the
United States rclauve to slavery.
Whereas the declaration u that all men are created equal;
thatlhey are endowed by their Creator with ecitam inalien-
able rights; that among theso are life, liberty, and the pursuit
ofliappuiess; that to secure these rights, governments aie
instituted among men, dcrivin^rtheir just powers from the
consentot' the governed," is as true and self-evident now
as when fir:>t enunciated by the fathers and founders of the
llepublic; and wlieioas the Constitution of the United
States was ordained and established " to form a more per-
fect union, e.stablifh jusiiee, Insure domestic tranquillity,
provide (or the common defense, promote the geneiul wel-
fare, ami sccme the blessings of liberty'' to tin* people of the
United States; and whereas daveiy, or involuntaiy servi-
tude, execpt as a punishment for erime, is a violation of
the Inherent and inalienable lights of men, a crime against
justice and humanity, a disturber of the Union and of do-
mestic tranquillity, a liindeiaiiee to the common defense, a
ipoiler.of the public liberties, has inaugurated civil war,
and is the cau.se of our national calamities : Theielbre,
Jie it resolved by the General %ftsscmhly of the State of
Ohio, That our Senators and Representatives in Congress
he icquested to use their influence and vote for the piopo-
sition now pending in Congress to amend the Constitution
of the United States wo that nellher slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the
party shall have been duly convietcd, shall etflst within
the United State*, or any place subject to their jurisdiction,
and giving to Congress power to enforce such prohibition
by appropriate legislation.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward to
each of our Senators and Representatives In Congress a
copy of these resolutions.
JOHN JOHNSTON,
Speaker of the Ilmitc of Repi esentntivet.
CHARLES ANDKKSON,
i'i esulciit oj the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Inasmuch as that subject has
been acted upon by the Senate, I move tiiat the
resolutions lie upon the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented resolutions passed
by the constitutional convention of the State of
Missouri instructing the Senators and Represent-
atives from that Slate to cast their influence to
secure the passage of the constitutional amend-
ment to abolish slavery throughout the United
States; which were ordere^ to he upon the table,
' and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (II. It. No. 607) to provide
for an advance of rank to officers of the Navy and
Marine corps for distinguished merit; and the bill
(H. R. No. 598) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 18GG.
The message further announced that the House
bad passed the following Senate bill and joint res-
olution, without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 7'2) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes," approved July 2, 18G2; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No..99) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral David D.
Porter, and to the officers, petty officers, seamen,
and marines under his command, for their gal-
lantry and good conduct in the recent capture of
Fort Fisher.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 98)
tendering the thanks of Congress to Major Gen-
eral Alfred FI. Terry, and the officers and men
under his command, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 631) to provide for holding
courts in the western district of Missouri, and to
prescribe the times thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 664) for changing the time
for holding the circuit courts in the district of
Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 659) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1866;
A bill (H. R. No. 677) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide ways and means for
the supportof the Government, and forotherpur-
poscs," approved June 30, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 692) in reference to prosecu-
tions for libel in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R.No. 649) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending 30th
June,1866;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 139) of thanks
to Major General George H. Thomas and the
army under his command; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 140) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to give the neces-
sary notice stipulated, pending the intention of
the United States to purchase the building known
as the Merchants' Exchange, New York city,
now used for custom-house purposes.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present a report
from the committee of conference on what is called
the deficiency bill. I ask that it be read, and then
I desire to submit a motion in regard to it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House, No. 0V20, to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the liseal year ending the
30th of June, 1865, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have been unable to agree.
T11ADDEU3 STEVENS.
GEORGE E. VEND LUTON,
EDWIN II. WEBSTER,
Managers on the pait of the House*
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN CONNESS,
CHARLES It. 1UJCKALEW,
Managers on the pait of the Senate,
There being 110 objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the report. •
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a mo-
tion that the Senate insist upon its amendments
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and ask for another committee of conference.
Before that motion is put, I wisli to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the question of difference
on this bill, and I should like to have the atten-
tion of the Senate and a deliberate vote upon the
question between the two Houses. It is very
important that this bill should be passed to-day
or to-morrow. Many of the appropriations are
necessary for the support of the Army and Navy.
The bill contains an appropriation of over one
hundred million dollars, nearly all of which is for
the Army and Navy. The point of controversy
between the two Houses grows entirely out of
this clause of the deficiency bill:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
execute tlie resolutions of the Hoine of" July 4, 186-1, dl-
rucling pavnufnt of additional compensation to its officers,
clerks, anil other einploy&s, and to the Ilou^e reporters for
the Congressional Globe, a sum sufficient for that pin pose,
being $37,991 40, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and the same
is hereby added to the contingent fund of the House of
liepiesematives; but no payment shall bemadeuwler tills
provision to any oilier pctsons than the clerks, officers,
or other employes of the House, and the reporters for the
Congressional Globe.
The Senate struck out this clause containing
an appropriation for twenty per cent, extra com-
pensation to the employes of the House for the
, last session, by a unanimous vote of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and also by the unanimous
vote of the Senate, there being no discussion in
the Senate, however, and no vote by yeas and
nays. The House now insists that we shall
retain this provision in the deficiency bill. The
otheramendments of the Senate are not disagreed
to. Although they are not yet concurred in, there
is no disagreement in regard to any of them ex-
cept this one; and now we must treat the ques-
tion deliberately, whether or not we will consent
to the increase demanded by the House of twenty
per cent, to their employed for the last session.
The conferees on the partof the Houseinsist that
it is discourteous to the House to refuse to allow
them to make this appropriation^and they evince
some feeling on the subject. The appropriation
by the resolution of the 4th of July last is ad-
mitted to be illegal. They first proposed to pay
this $37,000 out of the contingent fund of the
House. The Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives refused to pay the money without the sanc-
tion of the Comptroller. The question was sub-
mitted to the Comptroller, and he refused to pass
the vouchers for the payment of this money. I
have before me the letter of the Comptroller, re-
ferring to the law on this subject, from which it
is perfectly clear that neither the House of Rep-
resentatives nor the Senate could provide for such
an appropriation as this without a law authoriz-
ing it.
Senators who have been here for some years
will remember the controversy about extra com-
pensation to the employes of the two Houses.
Prior to 1854 it was usual for both Houses to al-
low their employes twenty per cent, extra com-
pensation at the end of each session. In 1854,
however, the increase was made permanent, and
all further allowances of that kind were prohib-
ited by law. But subsequently, between 1854 and
1858, the custom again sprang up of allowing the
usual extra compensation of twenty per cent. In
1858, as it was supposed, Congress cut off all
pretense of that kind in either House by this pro-
vision:
"That no part of the appropriations which may at any
time be made lor the contingent expenses of either House
of Congress shall be applied to any other than the ordinary
expenditures ot the Senate and House of Representatives,
nor as extra allowance to any elurk, ine^enger, or attend-
ant o! the said two Honors, or either of them, nor as pay-
ment or compensation to any clerk, messenger, or other at-
tendant of the said two Houses, or either of them, unless
Mieh clerk, messenger, or other attendant be so employed
by a resolution of one of said Houses."
Under this law, no extra compensation has
been allowed to the employes of the two Houses
since 1858, and it was believed that this fifth sec-
tion cut off all power by either House to allow
extra compensation. When the House, however,
passed the resolution of last session, the question
was submitted to the Comptroller. lie quoted
this law and decided that he was not authorized
to pay the money demanded by the House of
Representatives, nnd he has refused to pny it.
Thereupon this provision was inserted in the de-
ficiency bill, to legalize the payment by the Comp-
troller, and the question is whether we shall as-
sent to it.
I may say on behalf of the Committee on Fi-
nance that we determined unanimously that we
would not approach the question of the increase
of the compensation in this way; that the House
had no more power to increase the pay of their
officers than the Senate, or the President, or the
Executive Departments. The law expressly for-
bids it, and expressly provides that the contin-
gent fund shall not be used for increasingthe pay
of the employes. The law is clear and plain.
We had to meet this question, therefore, not as
a question of privilege on the part of the House,
because the House had no power to raise the
compensation of their employes; but we had to
meet it as a question of policy, whether we will
now consent to increase the compensation of our
own employGs. Looking at the question in that
light, when we came to examine the pay of the
employes of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives, we found that it was already higher
in proportion than the pay of corresponding offi-
cers in the Executive Departments. Besides that,
as the employes of the two Houses only work
during the session, and many of them are paid
for the whole year, they have that advantage over
the employes of the Executive Departments. We
therefore could not justify an extra allowance to
