1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr, COLLAMER. I feelit to be my duty to
object to taking it up, and to insist that the un-
finished business of the morning hour be pro-
ceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is on
Jthe motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I give notice that I shall move
to take up the bill to-night.
PAINTING FOR THE CAPITOL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
business of the morning hour, the unfinished busi-
ness of the lastmorninghouris before the Senate,
and it is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 164)
authorizing a contract with William H. Powell
for a pictuie for the Capitol.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry that my friend
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] feels obliged to
press this proposition. I do not like to vote
against it. Still more, I am reluctant to speak
against it. But satisfied as 1 am, after careful re-
flection, that it ought not to pass, I shall proceed
to express briefly the grounds of my opposition.
1 have already, when it was called up the other
day, stated that i did not think this the time for
us to enter upon the patronage of art. Of course
such patronage is beautiful and most tempting.
Jt may seem ungracious to ane&t it, but I submit
confidently, that at this moment, with our national
debt accumulating at the rate of millions a day—
with our brave soldiers still unpaid—with a drain
Upon our resources at every point, it is not advis-
able to enter upon the patronage of art, beautiful
and tempting us it is.
There is much to be done in order to complete
the national Capitol in all tts parts. Let the work
proceed until this sublime structure stands foith,
worthy in all respects of the destinies which it en-
shrines. But i think we should hesitate at this
time to enter upon any ornamentation which is
not essential to the wot k. If you order one costly
picture you will be called to order another, and
where will this expenditure stop? Better wait
for the days of peace, soon to come, I trust, when
your means will be greater, and you will approach
the question in a calmer mood.
Thus far 1 have said nothing of the artist. But
such a vote as is now proposed is an act which
selects one artist tor especial honor and leaves all
others unnoticed. It is like a vote of thanks to
officer m the Army or Navy. Aie the merits of
this artist so peculiar and commanding that he
should bo taken and all others left? 1 doubt.
At least 1 know that there are other artists in the
country who deserve well of those who undertake
the patronage of art. Are you ready,in this off-
hand way, without any inquiry, without even
hearing their names, to discriminate against them
all ? I put these questions in no spirit of criticism,
and certainly m no unkindness to the artist whom
it is proposed to honor, tor whom, let me say, I
have a sincere regard. There is already one pic-
ture by him in the Capitol. A second older
would be more than enough.
Then again, are you sure that the subject se-
lected for a pictuie at the present time would be
• such as a marurer and more chastened taste could
approve? This is a period of war. We are all
under its influence. But I doubt if it be desirable
to keep befoie us any of the pictures of war, es-
pecially of a war with our own fellow-country-
men. There are moral triumphs which are more
worthy of commemoration by art. I need only
refer to the proclamationofemancipation, which
belongs to the great events of history.
I send to the (Jhairan amendment, to come in at
the end of the resolution:
Proofed, That m the national Capitol, dedicated to the
national Umon, there shall be no pictuie of a victory in
battle with our own fellow-citizens.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I regret very
much that the Senator from Vermont has pressed
this resolution this morning. I think we ought
not to devote a moment to a measure of this char-
acter at this time, and, in fact, I think we ought
to abandon most of the disputed questions, and
act now only on those measures that are essential
to the country. I shall vote against the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague, and vote against
the original resolution; and I rise more especially
to say that I disagree with my colleague alto-
gether in the proposition that no work of art shall
grace the Capitol of this country that represents
anything of the present war of a military or naval
character. I do not believe in that doctrine. It
has been put before the Senate once before.
While the v/orldstands, I wantevery achievement
of the Army and of the Navy for the liberty and
unity and perpetuity of this country to be writ-
ten if possible on every foot of our territory, and
on the bending arches of the sky, so that men
can read it every v/here. I do not wish to disown
in art, in science, in anything worthy of preser-
vation, the noble deeds of the heroes of the Army
and Navy of this country.
Mr. COLLAMER. Honorable Senators seem
to repeat over and over their regret that I have
pressed this measure. I have not pressed the
measure. I do not propose to press it. They
complain of the time at which it is presented. _ I
did not choose the time. This was a House joint
resolution. It came here; it was reported from
the committee from respect to the House them-
selves; and on their view of the merits of the
case the committee reported the resolution. ^ I
called it up in the regular order of business with
a desire to have a vote, saying not one word about
it. I have occupied no time on it. Whatever
time has been taken with it has been by the
opposition to it. I do not propose to take much,
if any, time with it now. But as gentlemen seem
to think it rather strange that at this time it is
asked for, I will say a word.
Mr. President, we have statues of civilians,
busts ofjudges of theSupreme Court, pictures of
our Presidents, pictures of the battles of the Revo-
lution; but look where we may, anywhere about
this Capitol, and not merely about the Capitol,
but through any of the Departments in this city,
and where will you find a single line of a pencil
which commemorates either the actions of the
members of the Navy or their persons? Not a
portrait of them is to be found. Civilians, lawyers,
statesmen, hemes upon land, are represented,
and the battles of the Revolution are commem-
orated; but you will not find asingle stroke of the
pencil or any production of art anywhere which
commemorates the action of the individual heroes
of the Navy, or the naval battles of our coun-
try. It seems to me that this is slurring over
and casting into oblivion and contempt that winch
adorns the brightest pages of our history, from
the time that Burke spoke of the enterprise of
American seamen to this day. While our history
chronicles the glorious deeds of the Navy, they
are not commemorated by art. It seems to me
the time has now come when some sort of atten-
tion should be paid to them. I think we can find,
somewhere in our history, from the daysofTrux-
ton down through the last war with Great Britain,
when it was said our Navy fought its way into
reputation and redeemed itself from prejudice, and
in the events of this war, down to the most recent
enterprises of Lieutenant Cushing, a proper sub-
ject for a painting which shall recognize the ex-
istence of a Navy in this country.
Then, again, as to the subject; that is to be set-
tled upon, according to the resolution, between
the committee and the artist. That is all we can
ever do as to that. As respects the artist himself,
gentlemen have seen specimens of his productions.
They are in the Rotunda. We have all seen them.
Most of us know the artist of whom the Senator
fiom Massachusetts speaks, certainly with very
great respect and justice. I think we are as com-
petent now to judge whether he is a proper man
to perform this service as we ever shall be.
As respects the time, it seems to me thatduring
war is the very time when we should by our votes
show that we have gratitude enough to remem-
ber, and that we have honor enough to perpetuate
and commemorate, the actions of that branch of
the public service in which so much of heroism
and patriotism has been displayed.
Mr. HOWE. Before this vote is taken I beg
leave to trouble the Senate long enough to say
that if there were any one proposition which could
make the original resolution more distasteful to
me than it is in itself, it would be the proviso
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner.]
1 regaid this war as a war made upon the peo-
ple by their enemies. It is not the first of the
kind. I trust in God it is the last, as it is the
bitterest and the most relentless. Every victory
achieved by our armies in this war I regard as
a victory achieved by the people over their ene-
mies, and those victories are not the least resplen-
dent that have been known in the history of the
world, and they are the very victories of all others
that I will never consent shall be winked out of
sight. They are the victories with which, as I
understand them, God has had more to do and
man has had less to do than any victories that
have heretofore been achieved in the contest be-
tween those original enemies, the people and the
aristocrats, if you please to call them so; and so,
therefoie, if we are to commemorate any victories
whatever by painting, by poetry, or in any other
way, let these victories bo not excluded by any
vote of ours. They never shall be by any vote
of mine.
But, sir, I cannot consent to vote for the reso-
lution. Glad as I would be to see this magnifi-
cent pile decorated by some work which should
commemorate the gallant deeds of our Navy, I
cannot vote for this now.f 1 have known m my
life spendthrifts who, having mortgaged their
homestead to its full value, would still, if they
had credit left, borrow money to add another
decoration to it. I never thought the example
worthy of the imitation of sensible men, nor
could I commend it to the nation. This house of
ours now is under mortgage for $2,000,000,000.
I do not want to vote for a proposition to borrow
$25,000 more to add another decoration to it. I
have seen a picture commemorating an event in
our naval history that I would be glad and I would
be proud to see owned by the nation, and see it
adorning this very building; but we do not abso-
lutely knO'<v that we own the building. We know
there is tfn immense army within a few miles of
this Capitol disputing our title to it. I think we
had better have our title quieted, and then I will
agre£ to vote for money to decorate the building.
STATE GOVERNMENT OF LOUISIANA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business of Satur-
day is now before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that that be in-
formally laid aside while the vote is taken on this
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the unfinished
business the Senator from Kansas, not now in the
Chamber, [Mr. Lane,] is entitled to the floor.
The unfinished business is the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 117) recognizing the government of
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that the
pending order be dispensed with with a view to
take up the bill which was made the special order
for to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can-
not be interposed without the consent of the Sen-
ator entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator [Mr. Lane,
of Kansas] is not here. I did not know whether
the Chair would wait for him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
he must be in his place to entitle him to the benefit
of the floor. The Senator from Ohio moves to
postpone all prior orders for the puipose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill (H. R.No.
744) to amend the internal revenue law.
Mr. POMEROY. I am satisfied that if we can
take a vote on this question at this time my col-
league does not desire to make a protracted speech,
and he told me this morning he would yield the
floor to take a vote. If we can take a vote on the
Louisiana question now my colleague will yield
the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I assure the Senator it is ut-
terly impossible to take the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there could be a vote
taken on the Louisiana question wifhin an hour
or two hours I would not object, hut 1 know from
'statements made to me that it is impossible to get
a vote without sacrificing the day. Therefore I
must insist on my motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not heard any ob-
jection to taking a vote on a House joint resolu-
tion called up on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio interposed a motion which takes precedence
of that matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there could be a vote on
either of the propositions, either the picture prop-
osition or the Louisiana proposition, without fur-
ther debate, I would not interpose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it there will be no
further debate about the picture resolution.
