360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
purpose, which shall establish such a rate of com-
pensation as shall be fair and reasonable. I am
not going to vote against such a proposition be-
cause it does not include all the classes of officers
that ought to be embraced by such a measure. I
would vote to pass a measure in that form and
then you might bring up all the residue of the
officers of the Government, either by classcsorin
, the aggregate,and I would vote for the same just
* measure of compensation to them all.
- Mr. MORGAN. In order t6 test the sense of
the Senate on the motion of the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio, in which I fully concur, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. Before the vote is taken, 1 deem
it due to my colleague [Mr. Collamer] to say that
he is detained from his seat and attendance in the
Senate on account of sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Davis, Dixon, Farwell,Foot,Fo.stei,Grimes,Hale,
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, (Iowe, Laneol In-
diana, Moican, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomcioy, 1'owuil, Rich-
ardson, Itiddle, Saulsbnry, Sherman, Spiague,Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Trumbull, Van Winkle,Wilkinson, VViiicy, and Wil-
son—35.
NAY—Mr. McDongall—1.
Ai>SENT—Messrs. Rrown, Carlile, Collamer, Cowan,
Doolittlc, Harding, Hicks, llowaul, Johnson, Lane of Kan-
sas, Ramsey, Wado, and Wright—13.
So the motion of Mr. Sherman" wasagreed to.
By unanimous consent, the Vice President was
authorized to appoint the members of the second
committee of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate; and Messrs. Clark, Trumbull, and Pow-
ell were appointed.
bill recommitted.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the bill (S.
No. 295) making additional grant of lands to the
Statu of Minnesota, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said Stale, which
was intioducedat the last session and refened to
the Committee on Public Lands, and by that
committee reported back, as 1 understand, with-
out any action upon it, be taken up and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
• The motion was agreed to.
* IUSP0RTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Allairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Legislature of Ore-
gon, in favor of the location ofa national foundery,
arsenal, and manufactory of arms at the falls of
the "Willamette, near Oregon City, in that State,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was refeired the memorial of
William A. Hammond, late Surgeon General of
the United States An my, praying that inquiry may
be made into all the circumstances connected with
his recent trial and dismissal, and that the Senate
will suspend action in the matter of confirming his
successor in office until such inquiry shall have
been made, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No, 404) t.o secure impar-
tiality in the administration of justice in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported adversely, and moved
theindefimte postponement of the bill; which was
agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 102) for the- relief of Captain M. M.Hawes,
submited an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
689) to provide for Acting Assistant Treasureis
and depositaries in certain cases, reported it with
an amendment.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 403)i to amend the act en-
titled "An act to encourogc immigration,'" approved July -J,
1564, and the act entitled "An act to regulate the carriage
of passengers in steamships and other vessels," appioved
March 3, 1855, aud for other purposes, be printed lor the
use of the Senate.
conduct of general paine at paducah.
Mr. NESMITH. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
resolution introduced by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] calling for the report of a
military commission appointed to investigate the
conduct of Brigadier General Paine, have directed
me to report ifback with an amendment and rec-
ommend its passage, and I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Oregon if that resolution is likely to lead
to any debate ?
Mr. NESMITH. I think not. There was a
pretty general discussion on the subject a few days
since, and it seemed to be conceded that the reso-
lution should pass with proper amendments.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to its pres-
ent consideration, provided it does not lead to de-
bate,and with the understanding that if it does
lead to debate it shall be laid aside.
Mr. NESMITH. I think it will not lead to
debate.
By unanimous consent,the Senateproceededto
consider the resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia was to strike out all after
the word " resolved" and insert the following:
That the Secretary of War be directed, if notineompati-
ble with the public interests, to transmit to the Senate the
report and evidence taken by the military commission, of
which JJugadier General Speed S. Fry was president, ap-
pointed to investigate the conduct of Brigadier General
Paine, of the United .States Army, in and about Padueah,
Kentucky; the defense of Brigadier General Paine ; the
review ot Judge Advocate Holt, and all the papers relating
to the case.
Tlje amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I think the resolution ought
to be further amended by striking out the words
"if not incompatible with the public interests,"
so as to make it in the usual form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. ,The Chair
hears none.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. IIAKLAN. A few days before the close
of the last session a joint resolution (H. R. No.
99) " reserving mineral lands from the operation
of all acts passed at the present session granting
lands or extending the time of former grants,"
was passed by the Senate, but through some in-
advertence was not sent back to the House of
Representatives, so that it failed then to become
a law. In order to secure the object now, some
amendments are nccessary, which I am author-
ized by the Committee on Public Lands to pro-
pose; and to reach that stage I move first to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was or-
dered to a third reading.
The motion was agiecd to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
now open to amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee propose to
strike out the words "present session" and in-
sert "first session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress," and to add to the resolution "unless
otherwise specially provided in the act or acts
making the grant," so as to make the resolution
read:
That no act parsed at the first session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress granting lands to States or corporations to
aid in the con-?ti action of roads, and for other puiposes, or
to extend ttie tune of giants heretofore made, shall be so
conMiued as to embrace mineral lands, which in all cases
shall be and ate reserved exclusively to the United Stales,
unless otherwise specially piovided in the act or acts
making the grant.
The amendments were agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the resolution to be read tho third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed. Its title was amended by striking
out the words " present session" and inserting
"first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress."
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 139) of thanks
to Major General George H. Thomas and the
army under his command—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 631) to provide for holding
courts in the western district of Missouri, and to
prescribe the times thereof—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 659) malringappropriationa
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1866—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 664) for changing the time
for holding ciicuit couits in the district of Vir-
ginia—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 677) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30,1864—to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 692) in reference to prosecu-
tions for libel in the District of Columbia—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 649) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1866—to the Committee on Finance.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to give the ne-
cessary notice stipulated pending the intention of
the United States to purchase the building known
as Merchants' Exchange, New York city, now
used for custom-house purposes, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that the matter
of that resolution was before the Committee on
Finance this morning, and they were unanimously
of opinion that it is desirable to purchase the prop-
erty, and I ask the consent of the Senate to pass
the resolution at once, as the time of giving the
notice expires in the present month.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the t^ird time, and passed.
HENRY A. BIIIGIIAM.
Mr. DAYIS desiring to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill (S. No. 212) for the
relief of Henry A. Brigham was passed, a mes-
sage was directed to be sent to the Houseof Rep-
resentatives requesting the return of the bill, and
on its being returned, the motion to reconsider
was made by Mr. Davis and entered.
SLAVES TAKEN INTO THE ARMY.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution, and asked for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dtreefed to in-
form the Senate why lie has not appoi nted " a commission
in eacli ofihe slave States represented in Conrrrc.s*. charged
to award to each lojal person to whom a colored volun-
teer may owe service a jn-t compensation, not exceeding
$.100 for each colored volunteer as he was diiected to do
by the twenty-fouith section ot the act approved February
24, 18G'l, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 4 An
act lorenrolliug and calling out the national forces and for
other purposes,'" appioved March 3, 1863.
Mr. CONNESS objecting to the consideration
of the resolution, it lies over under the rules.
CONTRACTS OF TREASURY AGENTS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the tfecretaryof the Treasury bedirected
to communicate to the Senate a fall statement of ali con-
tiacts executed by one Hanson A. Risley, an agent of tile
Ticasuiy Department or of the United States Government,
since the 4 th day of July laf>t, specifying the name ot names
oi the partie® with whom the eontrneN weie made, tho
name or names of the per?on« atwhone s-olicitafiou or upon
whose leeoinmendation the contracts were made, the date
of each contiact, the amount and description of goods,
property, or material thus contracted i<>r, where to be pro-
cured, where represented to he situated rtf the date of
the contract, when to be delivered to the agent of the
Trea^urv, and at what price.
licsolicd Jurther, That the Sccietaiy of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the same particu-
lars in relation to any other contract* made by Treasury
agents that have beenreturned to or that are known to the
Department.
Internal revenue collections.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
