1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER. I have and'ther amendment
to move. /
Mr. COLLAMER. Th,sA is for a vote, I sup-
P°Mr. SUMNER.vI sJiall wont the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COLLAMER. That I do not object to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that my friend
from Ohio conceives it to be his duty to make this
motion. I am satisfied that it is a waste of time
to take the course he proposes. The tax bill has
just been printed. It is laid upon our tables this
morning for the first time. There has been no
opportunity to read it. Senators have not yet
read that important bill. We can act upon it, I
am satisfied, much more speedily after we shall
have had lime to look it over.
Again, sir, the matter which has been under
consideration for several days now, the recogni-
tion of the existing State government in Lou-
isiana, has so far progressed that the Senate was
leady to vote upon it on Saturday night, and a
vote"was only prevented by dilatory motions
made—1 wish not to say anything offensive, but
still the truth ought to be spoken—made in a fac-
tious spirit, avowedly made for the purpose of
delay. It was manifest upon that occasion that
a majority of the Senate, two thirds of the body,
desired action; and 1 ask, shall one third of this
body be permitted by factious opposition to delay
an important bill of this character? Jts merits
are not under discussion at this moment, I know.
J f, sir, we can hold that measure before us, if the
Senate, a clear majority of which has expressed
itself by vote after vote in favor of action upon
the Louisiana case, will say to tills factious mi-
nority, " Upon you belongs the responsibility of
the public business of the country; we will con-
tinue to sit, commencing now, until you cease your
factious opposition," 1 hope that no Senator here
actingupon the responsibility lie owes to the coun-
try will be willing by mere motions of delay to
continue the matter much longer. The Senator
fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] shakes his
head. I ask that Senator if he is prepared by fac-
tious opposition to delay the public measures of
the Congress of the United States in a time of
war, and of great peril to the public interests.
Now, sir, 1 hope that a majority of the Senate
will stand by the proposition which is under dis-
cussion, a-proposition upon which this body is
ready to vote, and was ready to vote on Saturday
night when it was delayed by these dilatory mo-
tions. 1 am sure the Senator from Ohio will make
greater progress in liis bill by allowing us to dis-
pose of this measure now than by taking thai up
and postponing the measure which is now under
consideration. He can hardly expect that on so
important a question as this a majority of the
Senate will agree to allow a minority to control
them. The minority would be very glad to have
the bill of the Senator fiom Ohio or any other
bill taken up. But if it is of importance to lay
a foundation for the restoiation of this Union, for
a peace that will be worth having, we must fix at
some time, and now in the opinion of a majority
of the Senate the time has come when we should
recognize the existing government of the loyal
people of Louisiana.
I trust, sir, that the motion of the Senator from
Ohio will not prevail. I know that he considers
it his duty to make the motion as chairman of
the Finance Committee, but there is no question
but that his measure will be taken up and acted
upon,and I am sure that by proceeding with the
regular order wilh the understanding that it shall
be persisted in till factious opposition cease, we
may get a vote before the sun goes down.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Piesident, I have made
this motion from my sense of public duty,and I
am satisfied that I can convince a majority of the
Senate that it is indispensable to the public busi-
ness that this motion should be agreed to. I shall
vote from my presentstand-point with great pleas-
ure for the resolution in regard to Louisiana, but
at the same time I do not regard that measure of
vital importance. The same question will be pre-
sented to us on the 4th of March next, on the ap-
plication of the gentlemen claiming to be cleeted
Senators, when we shall have ample timeand op-
portunity to discuss the whole question about the
State of Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow me
to interrupt him and to state that the same ques-
tion cannot he presented after the 4th of March.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be as to the admission
of the Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the report of the Ju-
diciary Committee, upon which we are acting,
takes the distinct ground that Senators cannot be
admitted until by the jointaction of both Houses
of Congress the State government is recognized,
and that requires the action of the other House;
there must be legislative action.
Mr. SHERMAN. However that may be, let
me state the condition of the public business. At
this hour we are within five days of the close of
the session,and we have not acted upon a single
appropriation bill finally. I have now upon my
table three bills, each of which must be read and
considered iri detail. One is the tax bill. Every-
body knows the importance of acting upon that,
and that it will give rise to debate. It affects
every industrial inteiest of this country; it cov-
ers fifty-eight printed pages, with a multitude of
amendments. I regret as much as the Senator
from Illinois can that this bill has been sent to us
at so late a period, but the House of Representa-
tives had the exclusive power to originate the bill,
and they did not send it to us until last Monday.
The Committee on Finance were in almost con-
tinuous session during the last week deliberating
upon the bill, and they reported it at the earliest
moment practicable. We cannot expect that the
Senate will act upon it and dispose of it in less
than two or three days. It must pass; it is one
of those measures that demand the attention of
the Senate as against all other propositions.
Then I have in my hand ihe Indian appropria-
tion bill, a bill of fifiy-two printed pages, and
although it will not take as much time as the tux
lull, it is a volume of itself, and it will take two
liouis to read it at the Clerk's desk. I have also
m my hand another bill which must be acted on,
which has not even been consideiod by the House
of Representatives at this moment, but which will
be sent to us in a day or two—Lhe civil appio-
priation bill—containing all the miscellaneous ap-
propriations, and all the appropriations for the
civil service of the Government; a bill which usu-
ally occupies the Senate two or three days.
Then behind that we have the tariff bill, which
must be passed in order to conform our tariff to
the new internal revenue bill. 1 have on my table,
also, the Army and Navy appropriation bills,
ready to be presented to the Senate for another
stage of their advanced progress.
Under these circumstances I cannot, with my
sense of public duty, allow the Louisiana ques-
tion to consume more time. 1 have nothing to
say in regard to the conduct of Senators who
choose to discuss that measure. They perform
what they believe to be their conscientious duty.
They mustanswer to their constitucntsand to their
consciences for their course. 1 have no censures
to cast on them. I know that it is now indispen-
sably necessary to thepublic businessthat the tax
bill should be taken up and considered, if we in-
tend to pass it at this session, and any delay, in
my judgment, may lead to the defeatof several of
thes'e bills. It will now take six clerks every hour
from this time until the adjournment of Congress
to engross and enroll these various bills, so as to
pass them through their several stages. Every
letter and every page of these bills has to be en-
rolled on parchment before the bills can be signed
by thePresidin'gOfficerand sent to the President,
and all this work must be accomplished before
noon of next Saturday.
Under these circumstances I appeal to Senators
on their responsibility not to postpone action on
these important measures which must receive the
sanction of Congress before the adjournment, or
else compel the necessity of an extra session. I
have looked into the history of the sessions of
Congress for several years, and I do not find that
at any period there was such a vast accumulation
of public measures demanding attention as there
is during this week. I must, therefore, insi.it
upon my motion, and I tiust that it will not be
voted down, and that we shall not waste this day
in discussion. I know—and I assure Senators
that when I say I know it, I mean what 1 say—
that there are Senators here who deem tile meas-
ure in regard to Louisiana so important that they
will insistupon their right to discuss it, and there-
fore it will take time, and in this way, on a meas-
ure not unimportant, but of comparative unim-
portance, you may endanger the passage of bills"
that aie necessary to the conduct of the public
business during the next year. Alt that'can bo
said, if the Louisiana question shall be postponed"
by the action even of a minority of the body, ia
that the question goes over to the next Congress,
when it may be considered fully and carefully
after all the discussion that any gentleman desires
to give it. jr"
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, this is not the
first time that I have risen here to resist an ot-
tempt to force upon an unwilling people a consti-
tution to which they never consented. It is an
old story with me, and I have not changed my
ground or my opinion upon that subject now be-
cause some of the party with whom I generally
act have fallen from grace, as it were, and gone
over to the old Lecompton doctrine of the party
who endeavored to force upon Kansas a consti-
tution to which the people never consented, but
which they abhorred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the constitution
of the people of Louisiana.
Mr. WADE. The people! How long have
you, sir, been of the opinion that it was the peo-
ple who wanted it? Whence comes this new-born
zeal of the Senator from Illinois? How long is
it since he believed that it ought to be recognized
as a State by the Congress of the United States?
Sir, it is the most miraculousconversion that has
taken place since St. Paul's time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have believed it ever
since I investigated the facts.
Mr. WADE. Eversince you investigated the
facts, and now you are m a great huiry ! Why
did you not investigate the facts while we were
adjourning over for twoand three weeks ata time
and doing nothing? The question was before
youthen. Can you answer me that? I should
like to hear the answer. Whence,! say again,
this new-born zeal of the Senator from Illinois at
the heel of a Congress, when we are pressed with
business which is important and essential, and
which we must do, to bring before this body a
question going to the organization and foundation
of the Republic? You have pondered over Hall
winter, and your mind was made up entirely ad-
verse to what it is now. How do you know but
that your first view of the subject was the true
one? Why so zealous at this second thought of
yours?
You and I did not differ formerly on this sub-
ject. We considered it a mockery, a miserable
mockery, to undertake to recognize this Louisiana
organization as a State in this Union. If I am
not greatly mistaken, the Senator from Illinois
himself not three weeks ag'o aigued and voted
and reported fiom the Judiciary Committee that
it was not a State which ought to be recognized
or its votes counted for Piesident of the United
States. How does he get along with conduct so
palpably inconsistent, so at war with itself?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, I presume,
does not mean to misstate me. He never heard
me argue or report or vote or say that the State
government of Louisiana should not be recog-
nized. 1 voted ngainstreceivingitselectoral vote,
and I voted against it because it had not been rec-
ognized. Now, I propose to putit in a condition
where it may cast electoral votes, and do all other
acts belonging to a State. .
Mr. HOWARD. Why not recognize it, then ?
Mi. TRUMBULL. Why do I not recognize
a Territory before it is made into a State ? i will
answer all these objections, but [ do not want to
be diawn into a discussion of the merits ot the_
question on a motion to postpone one order ot
business to another. I think I could satisfy the
Senator from Ohio himself that he is resisting the
will of the people of Louisiana, and he is the Le-
comptonite on the present occasion, and I will
prove it by the record.
Mr. WADE. I do not doubt that the gentle-
man does not like to discuss the merits of the
question now. Did he not open the way to the
discussion of its merits?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. WADE. Did not the Senator say it was
a vital and essential principle which he was ad-
vocating in this instance that could await no de-
lay? Was that no allusion to the merits? I say
to that Senator he does confess that he voted that
Louisiana was 110 Slate, that its rote should not
