1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 27,"
be counted for President of the United States, the
strongest test that could be applied to the ques-
tion. Why did he do that? Does he undertake
to draw a distinction betweeft counting the votes
of a State for President of the United States and
recognizing its Senators and Representatives on
this floor and in the other House ? A Jesuit can-
not see the distinction. There is none. The
Senator did adjudge it not to be a State, and he
adjudged it right. I was with him, two thirds of
the whole Senate were with him, that it was not
worthy to be counted as a State in this Union.
And yet when the question has not been debated,
for I believe there have been but two or three
speeches made on the side that I maintain, the
Senator undertakes to rise and say that we acted
factiously, because on Saturday night, after ten
o'clock, he refused to let the Senate adjourn, and
insisted and was determined upon getting the
question then. He had made his speech upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. "WADE. Yes; the Senator had spoken
on it. At any rate he made a long report in its
favor, and he wanted every Senator here to come
right up on Saturday night late, a rainy night,
too, and allow the question to be taken. I told
him he could not have it, and he never should
have had it. In olden times when rebels were
here intent on their accursed measures to strike
down democracy and republicanism, and thrust
down the throats of an unwilling people a con-
stitution for which they never voted, and which
they abhorred in their hearts, I stood here and
made a successful " factious" opposition accord-
ing to the idea of the Senator from Illinois. I
glory in it. I thank my God that we did make
a factious opposition, if you call it factious. It
had the effect to prevent a brave people from be-
ing hampered by central authority here, to pre-
vent the President's edict beingannounced as the
law, and the people being enslaved by a consti-
tution to which they had never given their as-
sent.
Sir, I shall deal with the same proposition now
precisely as I did then. It will not do to tell me
that because a President whom I helped to elect
has taken it in hand, if he has taken it in hand,
to enjoin it on this Congress, I am to recognize
it. I will view it under his mandate precisely as
I did under that of Mr. Buchanan or Mr. Pierce.
When the rights of the people are touched, when
the foundation of this Government is sought to
be swept away by executive usurpation, it will
not do to turn around to me and say that this
comes from a President whom I helped to elect,
or that the measure is supported generally by my
own party. I say, sir, that this question goes to
the very foundation of republican government.
If the President of the United States, operating
through his major generals, can initiate a State
government, and can bring it here and force us,
compel us, to receive as associates on this floor
these mere mockeries, these men of straw who
represent nobody, your Republic is at an end.
Sir, I have heard a great deal about this pre-
tended election in Louisiana, that did not come
from Major General Banks, and I pronounce the
proceeding a mockery. It is not pretended that
there could be drummed up from the riff-raff of
New Orleans and sent into the vicinity under the
mandate of a major general more than about six
thousand votes, where over fifty thousand were
formerly polled.
I regret as much as the Senator from Illinois or
anybody else, that the people of Louisiana have
not manifested their desire to come back into the
Union; and until a majority of them do so it is
impossible that you can make a republican gov-
ernment of u. What, sir, talk of organizing a
republican State, a democratic community, to be
one of the integral members of this Union, out
of a people a great majority of whom are abso-
lutely hostile to you and to your assertion of
jurisdiction over them 1 We ail understand that
according to our fundamental principle of gov-
ernment nothing less than a majority can rule.
If these seceded States are not willing to accept
that rule, you have in them now the only gov-
ernment you can have in the nature of things, a
military government under a military governor,
and it is better for them than the mockery of the
form of a free State under the shadow of military
power.
Talk not to me of yoor ten per cent, principle. A
more absurd, monarchical, and anti-American
principle was never announced on God's earth-
Mr. SHERMAN. I must interpose 
Mr. WADE. But, Mr. President, I will not
go into that. I see that my colleague, who is
charged with the important business of the ses-
sion, that is to provide ways and means for carry-
ing on this war and carrying on this Government,
is the advocate here of substances and not of
shadows and mockeries. He has shown to the
Senatethat it is absolutely essential that we betake
ourselves to the substantial business of the ses-
sion, and not play around this mere mockery any
longer.
We are told that it is important to dispose of
this Louisiana question, is it not exceedingly
important that we shall have here as associates
for four or five days, side by side with us in this
Senate Chamber, two men from Louisiana, rep-
resenting nobody and nothing except the will
of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States? It is important that we should
have them here for four or five days to neutralize
the vote of Illinois, to neutralize the vote of Ohio,
to neutralize the vote of the State of New York I
Sir, it is an insult to the people of those great
States and of all the other States in the Union to
admit these men on this floor to neutralize and to
outvote us who do profess to represent the people
of our States. The Senator from Illinois thinks
it is all-important that these gentlemen should be
here to help us out with our business for the
residue of the session. I am sorry that he is an
advocate of such measures.
He says I am taking a dilatory course. Am I ?
Why did he bring up his other important measure
of building statues and garnishing the tombs of
your judges, of your Jeffreys', and detain the
Senate with that when he knew that we had
hardly time to do our legitimate business ? I
hope the Judiciary Committee will betake them-
selves to more useful legislation than all this.
But, sir, I do not propose now to argue the ques-
tion; but if you will have the question up 1 will
argue it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
does not propose to argue the question after oc-
cupying about half an hour in denunciation of
those who disagree with him, talking about usur-
pations and about other matters that are not before
the Senate. After indulging in this strain of re-
mark, he sits down, not proposing to argue the
question ! He has been arguing it, or rather I
should say he has been denouncing persons who
disagree with him. I do not think that will ac-
complish much in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. WADE. Did not the Senator denounce
us as factionists?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not allude to the
Senator from Ohio at all. I believe he made no
motion on Saturday night, and made no speech.
Mr. WADE. Yes, I did; and I should have
made more if necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly did not hear
from him; and he generally speaks in such a tone
that his voice is heard. I think he made no mo-
tions on Saruiday night.
Mr. WADE. I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he did, they were made
in a quieter way than they are to-day. Now,
sir, it is manifest that we are losing time by this
motion which has been interposed by my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] If he will let us go
on with the Louisiana resolution, I am quite sure
we can finish it to-day, and then it will be out of
the way. I think it will be economy of time to
do it.
I am not to be drawn off, although I think I
should be justified in replying right here to the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and showing,
as I think I can show, that he himself is resisting
the wishes of the loyal people of Louisiana, and
standing in the way of the reorganization of that
State government. I think it would be very easy
to show to other persons, if not to the Senator
from Ohio, that there is very great propriety in
not admitting Senators here or not receiving elec-
toral votes from a State which is declared to be in
insurrection before we have removed the impedi-
ment to their acting as a State government, while it
would be very proper afterward to receive them;
but all that would be apart from the consideration
of the question now before the Senate. I assure
the Senate from my experience here that it is econ-
omy of time to proceed with this matter and settle
it. We have already lost half an hour in this dis-
cussion. I trust the Senate will vote against the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and 1 believe he will lose nothing by it,
but that the public interests will be subserved,
and the public business will be expedited by tak-
ing that course.
Mr. HOWARD.1 I hope the Senate will vote
to take up the bill suggested by the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] It is a bill
of great importance, as are the bills which are
connected with it, upon which we are to act be-
tween this and the close of the session. I do not
regard the joint resolution which is so strenuously
urged upon our attention by the Senator from
Illinois as a measure upon which it is necessary
for the Senate to act at all, at this session, at least.
The subject-matter has not been discussed before
the people of the United States. Our constituents
at home at this time are,in the main, very igno-
rant of the nature and qualities of this State gov-
ernment in Louisiana which it is now attempted
to set up as a State of the Union. 1 think it is
their right to be permitted to consider this ques-
tion between this and the coming session of Con-
gress, so that they will be able to express their
views to their representatives here in this Cham-
ber and in the other House. This is a Govern-
ment of public opinion, and if there ever was an
occasion on which it was necessary that the voice
of the people should be heard, and should pre-
vail, it is this occasion, and this is the subject.
Mr. President, I confess that these arrogant
charges of the Senator from Illinois of factious-
ness against the minority that do not see fit to
swear in his words upon this measure, grate rather
harshly upon my ear. I am sincerely opposed
to the passage of the measure of which he has so
suddenly become the advocate. I feel it not only
my privilege, but my duty, to use all honorable
and fair means to prevent that measure becoming1
a law, and I can assure that gentleman that all
the clamor he may raise here against me for fac-
tiousness will not deter me from performing this
duty. I do not recognize his right to stand here
and chargemewith faction. Who hasgiven him
the commission to stand up and accuse his broth-
ers in this Chamber of criminality? for factious-
ness is such in the eye of the public. Who has
given him a commission to stalk into this Cham-
ber and assume to call up and in a most school-
masterly way lecture gentlemen who belong here,
and who, some of them, at least, may fairly claim
to be his equals and his peers? I will set up no
such claim for myself. I am willing that the
intellect and the political character of the Senator
from Illinois may be sold at what he deems them
worth, if they can be so sold, but 1 beg to assure
him at the same time that I shall perform my
duty here according to my own conscientious
convictions.
The Senator from Illinois assumes the high
prerogative of charging his brethren here with
faction. How long ago was it that that Senator
made his voice heard upon this floor in denuncia-
tion of the whole proceedings of the Executive in
regard to the read mission of these two States,
Louisiana and Arkansas? There has not been,
arid is not now, upon this floor a single Senator
whose sarcasm has been so biting against the
Executive, whose denunciation has been so un-
scrupulous, vociferous, and sweeping, as that of
the Senator from Illinois in reference to these same
acts of military usurpation, as he callcd them,
and which acts he now undertakes to set up as a
foundation for the establishment of the govern-
ment of a State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I never like to make a point of order. I trust
Senators will allow a vote to be taken on my
motion. Discussion of the merits is not in order.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, I will allow the
vote to be taken with the utmost pleasure; but I
trust my friend from Ohio will not expect me to sit
here very quietly and silently under these un-
founded, and I had almost said ungentlemanly,
charges of the arrogant Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think enough has been
said on both sides now.
Mr. HOWARD. That Senator shall-at least
know that there is one member of this body who
will not accept such unfounded rebukes.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say one word
