1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
clg are subjected to these hardships than it is
when I see our own men returned from theirpris-
ons mere skeletons, shadows of what they were.
I have seen this; and if a man can go through our
hospitals with composure and see our men who
have been returned from southern prisons and
not have his sense of resentment aroused, he is
more or much less than human.
Now, sir, I think this measure will be effectual;
it will have the effect to do away with this great
inhumanity. I proposed it as a remedy, and I
hope it will be a remedy. As to what the Sena-
tor says about the exchange of prisoners, I have
only to declare that if our Government has al-
lowed our soldiers to be retained in this barbarous
keeping when it had full power in its own hands
to make equitable exchanges, it cannot be excul-
pated for such conduct, i do not know how the
fact is. 1 have always understood that there was
something in the way of the fair exchange of
prisoners, and 1 have never been able exactly to
understand what it was. It may be that the
Government here is grpatly to blame. The Sen-
ator says there are no reasons against it. I do
not know that there are, but 1 have always sup*
posed that there was reason 
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 did not express any
opinion myself upon that question, but I read the
statement of the fact, delivered under very re-
sponsible circumstances, that exchanges could
have been made for months past upon teims con-
sistent with the usages of nations.
Mr. "WADE. 1 did not rise, Mr. President,
with any intention of arguing this question. I
want it decided by the Senate. If they are de-
termined to see our pnsoneis subjected to these
hardships without any endeavor to relieve them,
be it so. If any one cavils at this measure and
suggests no other, I think he is not in the way of
doing much good. Tins proposition lias been
prrsented not only by me, but I understand that
this resolution was repoited with the approbation
of the Committee on Military Affairs, 1 believe
unanimously, though 1 do not know how that
fact was.
Mr. HOWARD. There was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs a resolution which
was presented by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade;] also a memorial which was
presented by the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Land;] the Committee on Military Affairs
took these measures into consideration, and in-
structed me to report a joint resolution to the
Senate, which 1 did. It is joint resolution No. 97.
Mr. WADE. That is the one under consider-
ation.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all I know about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to postpone
the joint resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 have an amendment
that I desue to offer to the resolution, that I wish
to have printed. Will it be in order to present it
now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can bo offered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now offer it that it may
be piinted, and I desire the action of the Senate
upon it when the joint lesolution &hali be again
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be received informally and ordered to
be printed, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none-
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment also when this resolution shall come up for
further discussion; but I wish to make a remark
in connection with the subject as it has been pre-
sented to-day. Some tluee years ago I wrote a
letter, and presented it to other Senators for their
signatures, requesting the President to exchange
pnsoneis with the rebels. 1 then believed that
it was politic. Our condition has changed vastly
since that time. The rebels are no longer able to
meet us in the open field. Their armed soldiers
fight us now almost exclusively behind their works
and in strong fortifications. Military men tell us
that it requnes at least four men outside to take
one inside of a fort. We have been expressing
our thanks as a Congress to the commanders of
the Army and the Navy that have taken a fort
containing a garrison of about twenty-three hun-
dred men. The Navy, I think, floated between six
and seven hundred heavy guns; there was an army
landed, we are told, of something like eight thou-
sand men; it required the united strength of this im-
mense naval power and eight thousand troops to
take a fort defended by but twenty-three hundred
men. Now the Senator from Indiana demands
that we shall exchange a rebel prisoner held by us
for each one of the prisoners of ours held by
them. Suppose they hold thirty thousand Union
prisoners of war, and we exchange for them at
once thii ty thousand rebel soldiers. These thirty
thousand rebel soldiers will be thrown into strong
works like Fort Fisher, and then you will be
compelled to marshal an army of one hundred
and twenty thousand strong to be able to meet
that thirty thousand sent there by you. The
thirty thousand Union soldiers you receive, and
ninety thousand additional troops will be required
to recapture them.
This is the present condition of the contest.
The rebellion lias been so far suppressed that
they are no longer able to meet us in the open
field; they are now ensconced behind the strongest
works that human skill and energy can produce;
we are the assailing party; we are compelled to
fight them in those works, and to capture those
garrisons by assault, or the tedious process of a
siege in order to secure complete success. I think,
therefore, it is very doubtful whether we are dam-
aged by the refusal of the rebels to make a fair
exchange; an exchange man for man will make
the rebels relatively stronger. It is therefore
doubtful, to say the least, whether a far-seeing,
sagacious humanity would not induce this Gov-
ernment to refuse to exchange prisoners from this
time forward. If this coutse should be adopted,
then of couise if the rebels treat Union troops held
by them as prisoners of war with premeditated
ciuelty and inhumanity, it will furnish a just oc-
casion for retaliation.
Such retaliatory measures should not be adopted
rashly or needlessly, because it will always seem
hnid to compel the innocent to suffer for the
guilty, on the surface it may seem cruel and in-
human, but only m the same sense in which it is
cruel and inhuman to shoot a prisoner of war in
retaliation for the murder of one of our own sol-
diers held by the enemy. Yet this is in accord-
ance with the usage of all civilized nations. It
is resorted to in ord^er to compel the enemy to
treat with humanity those whom they may cap-
ture in battle. There is nothing more cruel, it
seems to me, in putting a lebel prisoner on lean
fare, than there is m shooting a rebel piisonerin
retaliation.
1 dfxire that this resolution, if it is to pass,
shall be amended somewhat so as to require the
punishment to be strictly retaliatory; to be in-
flicted on officers and men of equal number and
of the same rank; and so as to instruct the Pres-
ident to notify the rebel authorities that this pun-
ishment is inflicted in retaliation for the inhuman
treatment of our troops held as prisoners by them,
and will be continued only until they treat our
ptisoners with the humanity demanded by the
usages of civilized nations.
1 would rejoice to see every prisoner of ours held
by the rebels released at once, but when I know that
the release of a Union prisoner by the rebels le-
quires the release ofa rebel prisoner by our Govern-
ment, and that he will be at once thrown into
strongly fortified works, and that you will be
compelled to recruit three other soldiers to unite
with our returning prisoner to make the combat
equal; that four lives are to be put in jeopardy to
recapture the rebel whom we have released, I
cannot criticise the Secretary of War if he should
refuse to exchange prisoners from this time for-
waid until the close of the war, even if a fair ex-
change could be sccured; but I apprehend there
are very few Senators here who bciieve that a fair
exchange can be effected. They so analyze all
prisoners that they hold of ours as to release those
whose terms of service have expired or are about
to expire. Their soldiers are mustered in prac-
tically duiing the war. Every southern citizen
abic to bear arms is enrolled as a soldier during
thecontinuance of the war. Tiien when we release
a rebel prisoner we put him into their army during
the continuance of the war, while m nine cases out
often, probably, the soldier received by us in return
will be at once well fed and mustered out of ser-
vice. In addition to this, we know from the facts
that have been developed by the committee on
the conduct of the war that they do net return
to us able-bodied men, but only exchange the
sick and dilapidated for those that are able-bodied
and vigorous. We cannot, as 1 am informed,
secure a fair exchange. If a fair exchange could
bo secured, I probably would accept if; but when
a fair exchange cannot be had, I cannotcomplain
of the Secretary for insisting on it with pertinacity
when the delay is ruinous to the rebel cause and.
is hastening their ultimate overthrow,
Mr. CLARK. If the resolution is to be post-
poned,! have no objection to its being postponed
now; but if the discussion is to go on, I want
to say a word on the subject before the vote is
taken. I have no desire to take up the time of the
Senate now, if it is proposed to postpone the sub-
ject.
Mr. WADE. I propose to amend the motion
to postpone, so as to malce this joint resolution the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is a special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio merely to postpone it until to-morrow, and
we can take it up at any time at the pleasure of
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Very well; but I shall move to
take it up to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EROM THE nOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 141) reducing the duty on printing paper, un-
sized, used tor books and newspapersexclusively,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives hud signed the
following enrolled bills,and they were thereupon
signed by the Yiec President:
A bill (H. R. No. 390) for the relief of Emily
A.Lyon;
A bill (H. R. No. 598) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th June,
1866; and
A bill (H. R. No. 607) to provide for an ad-
vance of rank to the officers of the Navy and
Marine corps for distinguished merit.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (II. It. No. 141) reducing
the duty on printing paper, unsized,used for books
and newspapers exclusively, was read twice by
Us title, and referred to the Committee on Financc.
J. AND O. P. COBB AND CO.
Mr. CLARK. I^move that the Senate now
postpone ail prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80)
for the adjustment of the claim of J. and O. P.
Cobb & Co. of Indiana, and 1 wish to say at this
time that I desire to have it before the Senate for
the action of the Senate, as this joint resolution
will be a guide to the Committee on Claims in re-
gard to several other claims which are before them,
and the committee desire the action of the Senate
on this for their information.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It pioposes to dircct
the (Quartermaster General to examine and adjust
the claim of J. and 0. P. Co^b & Co. of Indiana,
for the loss sustained by them on the 11th and
12th days of July, 1863, by the destruction, by
military order, of their barges and other vessels
employed in the shipment of hay to Memphis,
Tennessee, under a contract with the Govern merit
of the United States, and the hay on board of the
vessels which was being shipped by the firm in
the fulfillment of the contract, and other propei ty
connected with and being used in the fulfillment
of the contract, the property having been burned
and destroyed by the United States gunboat No.
33. The claimants are to be allowed the value of
the property, not exceeding $11,000* to be paid
out of any money heretofoie or hereafter appro-
priated applicable to the paymentof claims against
the (Quartermaster's bureau.
The amendment of the Committee on Claims
was to strike out all of the resolution after the
