X132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2T,
purchase a great many hogs at these low rates
before they could be arrested in this gigantic
swindle.
The people of Kentucky remonstrated against
it promptly and earnestly, though unavaihngly;
but mutual interest again brought their neighbors
of Cincinnati to the rescue before they had suf-
fered long. One hundred thousand hogs of Ken-
tucky were about to he diverted from their nat-
ural market, the packing-houses of Cincinnati,
and their owners, and her board of trade also,
assaulted this plundering conspiracy against a
great interest of the two States. But the antici-
pated enormous profit on that number of hogs,
and as many more that would be driven to Louis-
ville, had so excited the imaginations of the con-
spirators with the vision of sudden wealth that
they made great efforts to carry their iniquitous
Echeine into full effect. Major Simonds, then
stationed at Louisville, was the adjutant to direct
the execution of this grand piece of military strat-
egy, and he was resolved, if possible, to secure
its large fruits to himself and his fellow-conspira-
tors. He withstood all the earnest appeals made
to him to cancel it; but Colonel Killeburne,
then at Cincinnati, was applied to, and issued a
military order to that effect. The confederates
strove hard to have this proper and just order
rescinded by a still higher military authority, but
without success; and though baffled in the main,
they struggled desperately to make their iniquity
as profitable as possible. A man of intelligence
and character, who was Mr. Lincoln's supporter,
and voted for him, informed me that he got a copy
of Colonel Kilieburne's order of rescission and car-
ried it to Major Simonds at Louisville, and thus
coerced him to annul his order organizing this
grand scheme of extortion; and, procuring a copy
of the annulling order, he went to the telegraph
office in Louisville to have it dispatched to Cin-
cinnati. But he found that the gallant Major
Simonds, like an experienced and capable com-
mander in that mode of warfare, had anticipated
him, and laid an embargo on the wires for the
transmission of any news of the overthrow of the
monopoly. The trader had the ready wit to cross
the river into Indiana, and sent his dispatch from
Jcffeisonville. So daring, wily, and potent have
villains become in this day of our country's ca-
lamity, that they could not be arrested in this
scheme to plunder two States without great and
persevering efforts, and not until they had robbed
honest and loyal men of many thousands, which
they had hoped in a few days to augment to hun-
dreds of thousands.
The day before the late presidential election,
being county court day in my county, the Mc-
Cielian and Lincoln parties both held meetings
of their friends in Paris. Each party had in at-
tendance their speakers. General Burbridge, with
his suite, attended the Lincoln meeting. About
two o'clock, when the McClellan meeting was
under full operation, and the Lincoln meeting was
about to organize in front of the court-house, a
messenger proceeded to the hall, near a quarter
of a mile off, where the McClellan meeting was
bemgheld, shouting that the rebels had just made
a raid info town. At the same time the military
had picketed every street leading out, and squads
of soldiers were scouring the public square and
the whole town, pressing every horse belonging
to a McClellan man that they could lay hands
upon; while if a hoise belonging to a Lmeolnite
■was seized he was restored to the owner on his
declaring his loyalty to the President, and his
purpose to vote for his reelection. The body
of the crowd were the supporters of McClellan,
and their meeting was luoken up, as was intend-
ed, by these military outrages; while the Lincoln
meeting proceeded without being disturbed, but
receiving a large aceessioti of spectators by the
dispersion of the other. Four speeches were
made to the Lincoln meeting, the last by General
Burbridge, in these words:
'• Fellow-citizens: I am nn politician. Iam no speaker.
\ou all know me. I am a fighting man. But f can tell
what I am lor; I am for Lincoln it'lie was the worst man
in the VKfthi, I would be lor him because he was elected
by flic people. You all want pay lor your negroes, hoises,
; and 1 will say to i ou, mind bow you take enre o[ your
iccoid ; ad wbo voted lor Lincoln will be paid for them at
ibe i-nil ot the vwii; but, by God : mind bow you take care
of you; reoutd! 1 be vouciieis will pass thiougb my baud ;
n.it a damned ccnt will you get unle.-syourrccoid it. cieai.
] ilildei-tatid there is pome objection as to my manner ol"
treating guemllas. I will speak it out. Ah ! I see before
me a citizen who was reported killed this morning j but I
am happy he is alive. Hail it been so, by God I I had in-
tended to have taken four of the be^t citizens of the county,
those who have sons in the confederate army, and have
hung them to-day. And E say now, by God ! [pointingand
looking aiound over the crowd] mind how you act, or some
of you will be hung before to-morrow night. I intend to
take five thousand horses next week. There are but two
parties to this war, one for us and tiie other against us ;
and no man shall stay in tiie State after the election who
is against us. Mind how you make out your record!"
I haveknown General Burbridge from his early
boyhood. I knew his parents. His father was
a patriot, a man of honor, and a gentleman. His
mother was a cultivated and true and noble speci-
men of the highest order of the American woman.
From such a parentage the character of General
Burbridge received its early impress. He was
gentle, modest, temperate, brave, and humane,
and tru? to friend, principle, and country. He
was reared in Mr. Clay's school of politics, and
was faithful to his illustrious leader and the great
principles which he taught. He was an educated
man and soldier; and at the beginning of the
rebellion he drew his sword for his country, only
to assert and maintain "the Constitution as it is
and the Union as it was." This noble and true
sentiment possessed and ruled him in all his con-
versations and actions for the first two years of
his military service. In an evil hour he surren-
dered himself to the counsels and control of ma-
lignant and bad men. His subsequent abuse of
power is his misfortune, their crime.
General John B. Houston, of Lexington, had
been placed upon a McClellan electoral ticket for
Kentucky. He entered actively into the canvass,
and made many speeches of surpassing power. I
heard several, and, as I am informed and believe,
among the most extreme. In language there was
no violation of decorum; and in matter, state-
ment, and argument, nothing that transcended the
truth or the Ireedom of speech guarantied by the
Constitution, and claimed and exercised always
before this war, without question, by every
American citizen, from the foundation of the
Government. At the dead hour of the second
night before the election his house was, by the
order of General Burbridge, entered by a squad
of armed soldiers, and he was aroused from what
ought to have been secure slumber in his own
castle, and without time to make any preparation,
dragged away from his family and his home, on
the general's sole order of judgment of banish-
ment to a distant State, and forbid, on his journey
of exile, to hold converse with any person under
pain of instant military punishment, to be in-
flicted by his accompanying guard, but in what
form, or to what extent, he knew not. There
was no charge made against him, no explanation
for this act of outrage and tyranny. The provo-
cation was the number, ability, and effect of his
speeches in favor of McClellan, and against the
reelection of Mr. Lincoln. The purpose was to
intimidate the supporters of McClellan and keep
them away from the polls.
Such were the auspices under which Kentucky
went into the presidential election. Two or three
days after the election, Colonel Woolford and
Lieutenant Governor Jacob were seized at their
respective homes, by the order of that same mil-
itary chieftain, also in the silence and gloom of
the night. Both these men had commanded regi-
ments in theUmted States Army, and had poured
out their blood in support of the Constitution, the
Union, and the enforcement of the laws. What
heinous crimes had these scarred defenders of their
country committed? They had committed the
crime of crimes. They had made speeches
against Lincoln and for McClellan. But they
had moved about every day among their neigh-
bors, in the image of their God, revealed by the
light of that sun which He created, strong in their
own innocency, and covered, as they thought, by
the shield of the Constitution and the laws. The
crime was not of their doing, but of those who
planned and ordered their seizure and banish-
ment; and therefore it was committed whendark-
ness shrouds the world. Woolford was held for
two months in ignoble imprisonment, far away
from his home,and in such mystery and exclu-
siveness as to have produced m the minds of his
friends and the public the most painful appre-
hensions for him. Jacob was conducted by his
military escort into the mountains of Virginia,
where there is a wide and wild space between the
lines of the two armies, the very home of the
guerrillas of both sides, and without any provis-
ion being made for him, left upon a rock to per-
ish or survive as his fortune and fate might de-
cide. Aa to both of these men, the animus of
their oppressors was malignant hate, punishment,
vengeance, and beside,as to Jacob, his hoped-for
murder by some chance hand.
At the previous August election the office of
chief justice of the court of appeals was to be
filled by popular election in a district consisting
of about one fourth of the State. Judge Duvall,
the incumbent, was announced as a candidate for
reelection. He is a man of talent, legal learning,
and spotless integrity, and had filled the office for
the full term of eight years. He had performed
his duties with eminent ability and with unsur-
passed impartiality and rectitude. He had always
in his conversations denied the constitutionality
and policy of secession, but at the same time
expressed his belief that peaceful counsels would
be a better remedy than war with which to treat
the discontents of the southern States. All con-
ceded that his judicial opinions and conduct as a
member of the court were wholly uninfluenced by
his belief of the impolicy of military coercion.
The question of the existance of " the confeder-
acy of the southern States" had come twice be-
fore his court for its judgment, and that tribunal
decided unanimously that it had no existence,
either dejure or de facto, and was to be considered
as a nonentity. He had been present at every
term of the court, and had never been disturbed
or questioned in the exercise of the duties and
powers of his office. But he was a candidate for
reflection; an ultra and active fiiend of the Ad-
ministration had become a candidate in opposi-
tion. In the early period of the rebellion that
opponent had been in strong sympathy with the
rebel States, and openly opposed their military
coercion. He had aided in fitting out Ins son
for service in Jeff. Davis's army; and on hear-
ing of the first battle of Bull Run, he drove from
his residence in Covington to a suburban village,
as he then expressed himself to some friends, to
have room to shout his exultant joy over the dis-
comfiture of his country's arms. But he had
grown worldly wise, and to Mr. Lincoln—
" Crooks the pregnant hinges of the knee,
That thrift may follow fawning."
To palm this man upon the people, who were
known by ten to one to prefer Duvall, General
Burbridge, the Saturday before the election, sent
telegraphic dispatches to the sheriffs of every
county in the district, there being over twenty,
to have the name of Duvall stricken from every
poll-book. This illegaland tyrannical order was
obeyed by many of the sheriffs, but was con-
temned by some, as it should have been by all,
and Duvall was voted for in some of the coun-
ties. The name of another man, of eminent
ability, legal learning, and virtue, was, without
his consent, attempted to be placed before the vot-
ers of the district within thirty-six hours before
the election; and although this could be effected in
but about half the district, yet so strong was its
opposition to the Administration candidate that
he was defeated, receiving less than one eighth of
its vote. The purpose and the hope was to make
no formal opposition to the people voting for Du-
vall until it would be too late to put another can-
didate before the district, and then to force tha
withdrawal of his name by the order of the com-
manding general, and thus to smuggle an unfit
and obnoxious man into the highest court of the
State. But upon this nefarious scheme a peo-
ple still free put their veto.
Duval!, nor Houston, nor Woolford, nor Jacob,
had committed no crime or offense, civil or mil-
itary; they had violated no law. Againsttwo of
them there was no charge, and against the other
two the pretended charges were so futile and ab-
surd as to show the proceedings against them to ba
equally lawless and tyrannical. livery American
citizen has a perfect constitutional right to oppose
the pending and all wars in which the Govern-
ment may engage; and he has the same right to
examine and condemn all its war measures and
policy, and all the acts of the Government, whether
in peace or war. This right, this liberty, is part
of the heritage which our fathers won by their
swords, and endeavored to secure to themselves
and their posterity by a written Constitution. The
men who subvert it or obstruct it are usurpers and
tyrants,and ought to receive the punishment due
