1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
to such enemies of their country. But those true
patriots opposed not the war, but the policy and
measures upon which it has been conducted. I do
also, from the depths of my soul, and I believe that
from this source has originated the most of its
tremendous cost of blood and treasure, of crime
and misery.
This is but an outline of the military adminis-
tration of the United States Government in the
State of Kentucky, a State that adhered to the
Union, and supported the Government in its dark-
est days of peril and trial, and through all its vary-
ing fortunes; that has sentabout one half of her
military population to " the harvest of death,"
to uphold " Union and liberty'' in the inviola-
bility of the Constitution and enforcement of the
laws alike everywhere in loyal and rebel States,
upon thegovernments and armies and adherents
of both Abraham Lincoln and Jeff. Davis. That
is the " national life"which she entered into this
war to preserve. That is her criterion of all loy-
alty.
For a more precise understanding of the in-
fractions of the Constitution, and of the wrongs
and oppressions of the people of Kentucky by
the Federal Government, I will here group some
of the principles of the instrument which creates
that Government:
"Alt legislative powers herein granted shall be vested
in a Congiess of the United Slates."
" Coogie s shall have power" <£ to make all laws which
shall he neeessaty and pioper for carrying into execution
the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this
Constitution 111 the Government of the United States, or
in any Department or officer thereof."
"The executive power shall be vested in a President of
the United States of America."
" The judicial power ol the United States, shall be vested
• in one Supreme Court, and m such inferior oouits ;is the
Congress may from tune to time ordain and establish."
" No bill of attainder or ex post Jacto law shall be
passed."
"No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in
consequence of appropuations made by law."
" Tieason against the United States, shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
givnnx thorn aid and comfort."
"The Congress shall have power to dcclare the punish-
ment of treason, but no attainder ot tieason shall work
corruption ol Mood, or foifeituie except during the Lie of
the person attainted."
t( New Slate?, may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union ; but no new State shall be formed or erected within
the juiibdietion of any other State," &c.
♦•The tnal of all ciimes, except in eases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held 111 the
State where the said crimes shall have been committed,"
&c.
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or prohibiting the Vioe cxcrcise thereof j
or ahndgntg the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the
right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
the Government for a redress of gnevances.
" A well-iemulated militia, being necessary to the security
of a free State, the right of the people, to keep and bear
arms, shall not be infringed.
" No soldier shall, m tune of peace be quartered in any
house, without the noiiM-nt of ihe owner, nor in time of
war, but in a manner to be piescribed by law.
"The light of the people to be secuie in their persons,
houses, papers, and eiVects,against unreasonable seaichefc
and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrant? shall
is^ue,liut upon piobable cause, supported by oath or affirma-
tion. ami partieulaily describing the place to be searched,
and the persons or tilings to be seized.
" No peison shall be held to answer for a capital, or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a gt am! juiy, e.\cept in cases arising in the land or
naval fotces, 01 in'ihe militia, when in actual service in
time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be sub-
ject foi the same ollenso to be twice put in jeopardy of life
or limb ; nor Miull be compelled in any criminal case to be
a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty,
or propeity, without due piocess of law; nor shall private
propeity bo taken for public use, without just compensa-
tion.
u fn all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury
of the State ami district wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which dismct shall have been previously as-
ceitamed by law, and to be informed of the natuie and
cause of Ihe accusation; to be confronted with the wit-
nesses against him; to have compulsory process for ob-
taining witnesses in his favor, and to iiave the assistance
ol counsel for his defense."
" The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights,
shall not be constiued to deny or disparage others retained
by the people.
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited byit to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
"This Constitution, and laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all ueatie-s made,
or which t-h'ttJl be made, under the authority of the United
States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges
in every Slate shall be bound thereby, anything in the con-
stitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
" The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and the members of the several Stale Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial officers, both of the United States
and of the several States, shall be boundby oath or affirma-
tion to support this Constitution," &c.
"The President," * * * * «before he
enter on the execution of his office, shall take the follow-
ing oath or affitmation:
"'I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully
execute the office of President of the United States, and
will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend
the Constitution of the United States.'"
These provisions are a synopsis of the Consti-
tution, which embody its mostessentia^ principles
and its sanctions. It, and the laws of Congress
made in pursuance of it, are .the supreme law of
the United States, and of all the States. Ob-
servance of it at all times, in peace or war, is the
duty, the fealty, of every citizen of the United
States. All the officers of the Federal and State
governments take an oath to support it, that of
the President being that " he will, to the best of
his ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States." This Constitu-
tion, and the laws passed in pursuance of it, are
" the national life," and those who infract them
are destroying that national life. State constitu-
tions and laws, national law, and all other law in
conflict with the Constitution and laws of Con-
gress, fall before their paramount authority.
Their operation is perennial, and there is no
power short of revolution that can subvert, im-
pair, modify, or suspend them. This done, or
attempted, with force, by any of the departments
or officers, civil or military, of the United States,
would be treasonable. There is not a principle
comprehended in this synopsis of the Constitu-
tion that has not been violated hy the officers,
civil and military, of the Federal Government
during this war, many of them with appalling
frequency, and each time by trampling under foot
some liberty of the citizen and cruelly oppressing
him. A far less amount of usurpation and tyr-
anny by those invested with powers of govern-
ment has in Europe caused the oppressed peo-
ple to rise in their strength and overthrow thrones
and dynastiesjand if at this day attempted in any
country on that continent but Russia would pro-
duce another regicide and revolution.
How can it be accounted for that our people,
so intelligent, lately so free and so devoted to
their liberties, should look upon such strangeand
oppressive freaks of power with apathy, with
stolidity? Several forces have operated to bring
them to this condition of quiescence.
1. Their strong attachment to the Union and
their resentment of a rebellion that was com-
menced to sunder it; and their hope, which has
lived from day to day, that the rebellion would
soon be suppressed, and then the disorders and
oppressions inaugurated by the men in power, on
the pretext of saving the " national life," would
cease, and law, order, and liberty would again
resume their sway.
2. The popular form of our Government, and
the consequent division of our people into parties
which make their great demonstration at each
presidential election. The people have come to
tolerate but twoparties, and every man who seeks
to take part in public aflfan s is constrained to join
one of them. The candidate for the Presidency
of each party is its chosen leader, and receives
from those who have elected him to that position
a much larger and more unscrutinizing and hearty
support than a hereditary monarch can obtain
from a party. They give their time, their money,
their energies, all that they have, to his election.
If he is elected they regard themselves as the
king-makers," and their highest obligation is
to sustain him whom they have put in power,
and to defend his acts and administiation against
allcomeis. The party is consolidated, and is con-
tinued from one presidential election to another,
its leaders, in the mean time, planning, combin-
ing, and machinating for the next one. The party
is in possession of the Government, and the Presi-
dent must maintain a good understanding with its
leaders to command the support of its lesser rank
and file. Its great purpose becomes to carry the
next and succeeding presidential elections. It
permeates the whole country, and absorbs not
only all Federal elections, but all State and local
elections, and the entire concerns, political, busi-
ness, and religious, of the nation. It establishes
for itself a higher law than the Constitution, and
requires to itself from its followers an allegiance
paramount to that which they may render to the
country. It allows no question of its candidates,
purposes, or policies; no investigation, nrjuchdess
opposition, to its measures; no condemnation or
exposure of the delinquencies of its men in power
and office. Absolute obedience to its wiH, un-
faltering support of its candidates, defense of all
its officials, or if some of them are very great
rogues, oblivion to their crimes, form the standard
established by the all-dominating party, and the
decree againstall who will not live up to itis " Off
with his head !" A party great in numbers, in-
tellect, audacity, and wickedness,so schooled and
disciplined, has not only sustained, but has been
ceaselessly urgingon this monstrous maladminis-
tration which I have sketched. Itseems deluded
and debauched with the idea that it is the party of
permanence; or ifnotthat, unreasoning and reck-
less, it seizes the occasion of its accidental pos-
session of power to glut its selfish and frenzied
passions, all unconscious that .the mutations of
human affairs will yet bring its hosts under the
domination of another party now their victims,
but when their masters that it will be stimu-
lated to vengeance by the memory of cruel op-
pressions and find the amplest warrant for its in-
dulgence in the usurped powers and diabolical
precedents with which the present Administra-
tion teems from day to day.
3. Another cause of the apparent deadness of
the country to its strange and fearful condition
is the potency of the almost fabulous amount of
patronage wielded by the President in a million
civil and militaryoffices,the incumbents all hold-
ing their places at his will, and his annual disburse-
ment of more than one thousand million dollars.
Such a vastpatronage, with the enormous influ-
ence created by it, cannot be contemplated by an
intelligent mind without amazement and fearful
apprehension for the safety of constitutional gov-
ernment and popular liberty. This great fountain
of honor, profit, and power, is distributed into a
countless number of streams, of every size, which
are carried widely over the United States, but irri-
gate and fertilize only for those who support
the President and the party. Each recipient has
more or less of friends and retainers whom he
enlists in the cause of his patron. Thus a vast
army of spoilsmen, who are to stand or fall with
the party and its chief, are organized and paid.
These are among the mostunscrupulous and act-
ive supporters of the Administration, and not-
withstanding its flagitious dereliction to all its
high trusts, they are eternally vigilantto denounce
and intimidate all opposition, and would make its
power permanent if they could.
4. Another potent cause that keeps down the
upheaving of the people against their oppressors
is the possession and control by the Administra-
tion and its party of the whole military power
of the United States, and all the States, regular
Army, volunteers, and State militia, and the dis—"
arming of all the people beside.
The framers of the Constitution contemplated
and provided for but two kinds of militaty land
forces, the regular Army and the m htia of the
States, to be mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States as occasion might require. Congress
is expressly empowered " to raise and support
armies." I concede that the mode may be by
ordinary enlistment, or by the acceptance of or-
ganized corps of volunteers, but I controvert the
position that Congress has the power to organize
the whole military population of each State, and
conscript, or authorize the President to conscri pt,
the whole or such portions of it as he may will.
Congress has no power to draft or conscript
soldiers in executing the power to raise armies.
That was one mode of detailing State militia for
military service, butnotof raising regulararmies,
when the Constitution was adopted. Congress
is empowered by the Constitution—
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppiessinsmrections, and it.pel inva-
sions."
If it had been intended to confer on Congress
the power to draftor conscript the military popu-
lation of the United States at its discretion and
will, a power to call forth the vmhtia for these
purposes would have been superfluous. Con-
gress is also vested with power—
" To provide lor organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such pan of them as may be
employed in the set vice of the United States, reserving to
the Slates respectively the appointmentof the officers, mu!
the authority of training the militia according to the dis-
cipline prescribed by Congress."
