1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
In the United States, the militia is the soldiery
of the States, the regular Army and volunteers
that of the Federal Government. The existence
and organized continuance of this State soldiery
js nrovidedjor by the Constitution; and Congress
is clothed with the power to require its service
" to execute the laws of the Union, to suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions." It cannotbe
supposed that when the framers of the Consti-
tution empowered Congress "to raise armies"
without any limitation, ihey intended to confer a
power that would enable it at will to annihilate
the militia, the only military force-of the States.
That would be the inevitable sequence if Congress
could draft or conscript men without any limita-
tion to raise armies; but it would not be, if the
modes of raising aimies by Congress were re-
stricted to receiving enlistments and volunteers.
Those processes would be too slow ever to anni-
hilate the militia of a State by exhausting itsmil-
itary population. Enlistments and volunteering
were the only modes of raising armies practiced
or known when the Constitution was adopted;
and as they might sometimes prove too slow for
the exigencies of the Government, the provision
was introduced empowering Congress to call forth
the militia of the States " to execute the laws of
the Union, to suppress insurrections, and repel
invasions."
But Congress has assumed, usurped, the power
to pass a law to organize into one class the whole
military population of the United States, and to
authoi ize the President to draft from it, fi om time
to time, such parts, or the whole, as he might
will. Tins annihilates by congressional legisla-
tion the militia of the States and subverts their
legitimate military force that duty would require
and the Constitution would authorize to be used
for tiie protection of their own government and
their reserved rights, even against the Govern-
ment of the United States. And to consummate
the policy of overthiowmg the, entire reserved
rights, powers, and sovereignty of the State of
Kentucky, and the border slave States, duiing the
continuance of the war at least, ail men who would
not sustain the war policy and measures of the
President, have had theirhouses to be entered by
soldiers, and their arms to be taken therefiom,
and alsofiom their poisons. Thus it is that this
provision of the Constitution becomes a dead let-
ter:
lCA wcJI-resruIatod miiitiabeingneces=ary to the security
of a in;c .State, thought ot the people to keep arid bear anus
shall not be inuing>'d."
This is a most invaluable liberty guarantied to
every American citizen. A people in the full en-
joyment of the right of trial by jury, and all
armed, are free, and cannot be reduced to slavery.
In our country,happily, the people are generally
divided into opposing political parties of some-
thing like proximate numbers. AM, whether be-
longing to the party in power or the opposition,*
alike liave the constitutional right to keep and
bear arms. The free exercise of this right is in-
dispensable to the safety of those in opposition,
and it is equally necessary to the preservation of
the liberties of all. It is impossible that half, or
any great proportion of the people of a country,
should be enslaved without that soon becoming
the fate of the whole. That party which pre-
serves its own liberties necessarily achieves the
same for the entire nation. If the present oppo-
sition had been fully armed it would have held in
check those in power, constrained them to an ob-
servance of the Constitution and laws, and pre-
vented those wrongs and oppressions which have
made their own Government the scourge of so
many of our people. It would have compelled a
moderation,justice, and magnanimity in the pros-
ecution of this war that would have brought back
the rebels with the perfect conviction that the old
Union and Government was far better for them
than any other they could possibly obtain. Why
was that opposition disarmed ? A just, patuotic,
and constitutional administration of the Govern-
ment would never attempt to subvert tiie right of
the opposition, of all the people, to keep and bear
arms. If is a right formidable only to tyrants,
usurpers, and oppressors.
Srory, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, says:
f*Tise right of the citizens to keep and bear arm'* has
justly bee/i considered as the palladium of the liberties of
a republic, since it offeis a strong moral check against the
usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers; and will, gen-
erally, even if these are successful in the first instance,
enable the people to resist and triumph over them."
Chancellor Kent, on a large survey of the
whole subject of the liberty of the press, not only
as to the Government and its measures, but as
to all the concerns of society, takes this strong
position:
" It has become a constitutional principle in this coun-
try that every citizen may freely speak, write, and publish
his sentiments on all subjects, being responsible ior the
abuse of that light, and that no law can rightfully be passed
to restrain or abridge the freedom of ike press.'*
The only responsibility to which those who
abuse that right can be held is by proceeding
against them m court for libel upon some person.
As to the measures of Government this freedom
is without limit and can be held to no responsi-
bility. By a provision of the Constitution, al-
ready quoted, all military or other arbitrary ar-
rests are prohibited. No citizen can be deprived
of his liberty except upon a warrant charging
against him the commission of a crime oroffense
defined by law, sued out upon probable cause,
from a magistrate empowered by law, and sup-
ported by oath. If any person be arrested even
in this formal mode, the Constitution and the law
allow him as his right to apply at once to the
courts, or judges, for a writ of habeas corpus di-
rected to the person detaining him, commanding
him to produce before the court or judge the body of
the prisoner, with the day and cause of his caption
and detention, to do, submit to, and receive what-
soever the judge or court awarding the writ shall
consider in that behalf. If the imprisonment is
not authorized by law, the prisoner is then and
there discharged, and goes forth from his prison-
house a free man. If his detention is by authority
of law, he is held for trial by a civil court, should
a gtand jury prefer an indictment or presentment
against him, and is then entitled " toa speedy and
public trial, by an impartial jury of the State or
district wherein the eume shall have been com-
mitted, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the
nature and cause of the accusation; to be con-
fronted with the witnesses against him;"to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his
favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for
his defense."
I have sketched in part American liberty and
some of the bulwaiks built up by our fathers for
its protection and perpetuity. They had been,
ceniuiies before, embodied by our British ances-
tors in Magna Charta; and ages prior to that era
were born in herculean vigor as part of the Anglo-
Saxon common law. They were the first inspi-
rations of the irrepressible and indestructible
principle of liberty implanted by divinity in the
soul of man which had been given to the world
since the republican days of Rome. If humanity
should prove true to them and to itself they will
never perish, but be rendered into every language
to disenthrall all nations and regenerate them as
often as they relapse into slavery. Though these
great principles, in our day and country, have
been struck down by parricidal hands that should
have defended them, their fall is but for a time;
their immortal truth and energy will sooner or
later triumph over all their enemies, and vindicate
the memory of the great men who commended
them to the acceptance of the world by making
them parts of our Constitution,
But the most important of these liberties, and
without which all the others would fail, is the
trial by jury iri criminal cases. Justice Story
says tiuly:
"It was from very early times insisted on by our ances-
tors m the parent country as the great bulvvaik of their
civil and political liberties, and watched with uneeasing
jealousy and fohcitude." ****<< ^jjC grcat
object of a trial by jury in criminal cases is toguanl against
a spirit of opprev-ion and tyranny on the patt of tulers, and
agaim-t a spmt of violence and vindictiveness on the pait
ot the people. Indeed, it i« often moie important to guaid
against the i.ittei than the former. The sympathies of ail
mankind aie enlisted against the revenge and rnryofa sin-
gle d<>pot. and every attempt will bo made to screen his
victims. But how difficult is u to escape from the venge-
ance of an indignant people roused into hatred by un-
founded calumnies, orttimufated to ciuelty by bitter polit-
ical enmities orunioundedjealousk's. The appeal foi safety
can, under 5ueh ciicunustam-e*, scaicely be made by inno-
cence in auv other form than by the* severe eontiol of
couitsofji^tice, and by the (Inn and impartial veidict of a
jury sworn to do right, and guided solely by legal evidence
and a sen^e of duty. In such a course there is a double
security against the prejudices of judges, and against the
passions of the multitude who may demand their victim
with a clamorous precipitancy. So long as this palladium
remains sacred and Inviolable the liberties of a tree Gov-
ernment cannot wholly lall."
That great English jurist, Justice Blackstonc,
pays this warm and splendid tribute to the trial
by jury in England, in referring to the eulogy of
Montesquieu on English liberty, and his regret-
ful concession that it too must perish:
"A celebrated French writer, who concludes that be-
cause Rome, Sparta, and Carthage have lost their liberties,
therefore those ot England in time must perish, should have
recollected that Home, Sparta, arid Caithage, at the time
when their liberties were lost, were strangers to the trial
by juiy."
All the truest and most enlightened friends of
human rights, the world over, speak in similar
terms of the value of the trial by jury. If any-
thing more were wanted to fix indestructably in
the American mind and heart the spirit to pre-
serve it, our teirible experience in this war of the
oppressions resulting from its overthrow and the
substitution of that destroying agency of all lib-
erty, that alien monster to our system of civil
government, the court-martial, will surely sup-
ply it.
On the provision thatprivate property shall
not be taken for public use without just compen-
sation, " Justice Story remarks:
"This is an affirmance of a'great doctrine established by
the common Jaw for the protection of private property. It
H founded m natural equity, and is laid down by jumtsrta
apiineipleof umveisal law. Indeed, m a free Government
almost all other rights would become utteily woithle&s if
the Government posseted an uncontiolUihle power over
the puvato fortune of every citizen. One of the funda-
mental objects of eveiv good Government must be the due
adminMuuion of justice; and how vain it would be to
ppeak of such an adrmnMratton when all property is sub-
ject to tho will or capnee ot the Legislature and the rulers."
This great principle has been often violated m
many States by the United States authorities dur-
ing this war; and in Kentucky the extent and
enormity of its infractions stand unequaled in
all the annals of despotism. But the great rights
and liberties of the people, which are the only
ends and objects of legitimate government, and
to which our fathers attempted to give permanent
existence and inviolability in our country by in-
corporating them in the Constitution as part of
the supreme law, which also requires all Federal
and State officers to take an oath to support them,
have been disregarded and outraged by this Ad-
ministration with a wickednessand audacity never
before approached in any free country in the so
early morning of its life. In executing measures
and a policy to overthrow slavery; to subjugate not
only the slave States, but ail the people of every
State who opposed that policy and those meas-
ures; and to aggrandize, enrich, and perpetuate
the power of their party, thus making war upon
the Constitution and the libertiesof the people,a
large,doubtless the largest portion, of the public
debt has been incurred. I recognize no obliga-
tion on the part of the people to pay that portion
of the public debt; and when the war is over, as
I hope it soon will be, and the frenzy produced
by it has passed away, and given plane to calm
reason; when the country has come back to com,
the medium of the world, and the only constitu-
tional money; when the public debt will exceed
$5,000,000,000, and its annual iriterest$300,OGO,-
000; and the expenditures for the Army, iNavy,
and other public service will be $300,000,000
more, the man is mad who expects the people to
pay that laige portion of the public debt created
in derogation of the Constitution. The United
States owe the State of Kentucky this day for
slaves, horses, and military supplies, the destruc-
tion of property, the occupation and waste of
houses, farms, and fields, hundreds of millions of
dollars; and before she is burdened with addi-
tional taxes it would be more just and decent to
payoff that debt, or at least a portion of it. The
Government has repudiated and is daily repudi-
ating untold millions of debt it owes to the people
of the United States. The people do not yet be-
long to the Government, nor to the holders of a
spmious public debt; but whenever they are taxed
to the amount of $G00,000,000 annually to keep up
the Government,and to pay accruing interest to its
bond-holders, they and all they have will belong
to both Government and bond-holders. They
will never be able to pay the principal, and all
they can make and save by drudging labor and
severe cconomy would be required annually to
pay tribute to their masters for indefinite ages.
That is a slavery to which they will not submit.
