368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23.
ernment of the United States destroyed either the
hay or the barges for the purpose of the national
defense, the United States ought to pay for them.
If the committee moved this amendment for the
reason that they were entirely satisfied with the
proofs upon the question of the hay, but were not
satisfied with the proofs qpon the question of the
barges, that is a good reason.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will say that the committee were mainly influ-
enced in moving the amendment by two reasons:
one was to ascertain what would be the opinion
of the Senate in regard to claims of that nature,
and to bring the question distinctly before the
Senate.
Mr. HOWE. If that be one of the purposes,
or the leading purpose, then I could only meet
the views of the committee by voting against the
adoption of the amendment, because, so far as
my vote can influence the action of the Senate, I
mean that it never shall make any such distinc-
tion; I mean that the Senate never shall intimate
to the country that they intend to repudiate one
of these obligations.
Mr. CLARK. We do not intimate any such
thing.
Mr, GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin to say that it is the theory of the
CommtUee on Claims that we are bound by the
laws of war and of nations to make good all losses
that may have been sustained by individuals in
the public defense?
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the Sena-
tor from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin to say that it is the idea and
opinion of the Committee on Claims, of which
he is a member, that this Government is bound
by the laws of nations and of war to make good
to every individual any loss that lie may«,Jiave
sustained in promoting the public defense? I
understood the Senator to make a statement as
broad as that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator misunderstood me
in two particulars. In the first place, he mis-
understood me, if he understood me to speak for
the Committee on Claims at all. If I understand
my own position here, I am speaking in opposi-
tion to the Committee on Claims. In the second
place, if he understood me to speak of the laws
of nations or the laws of war, lie misunderstood
me. Now he will understand me correctly if he
understands me to be speaking for myself, and to
gay for myself that it is my own opinion, irre-
spective of the laws of war or the laws of nations,
that the Government of the United States is bound,
by its own laws, and by every principle of equity
and of good conscience, to pay for every dollar of
property that it appropriates or destroys for the
public defense.
That is my position, and I do not resort to the
laws of war or to the laws of nations for my de-
fense of it, and such being my opinion, I take this
early opportunity to declare it. It is the opinion
that lias guided me so far m my action upon the
Committee on Claims, and so far in my action in
the Senate.
I should not have acquiesced in this amend-
ment to the pending resolution for any reason in
the world, unless I found upon the examination
of the pi oofs that the measure of damages was
clearly established in reference to the hay, and
was not clearly established in reference to the
barges.
Now it is said that the idea prevails among
some members of the committee, and perhaps
elsewhere, that it is not safe for Congress to act
upon these claims individually, that the Treasury
would be better protected by the creation of one
tribunal, one committee, if you please, or one com-
mission to proceed to hear all these cases. My
own judgment is, and I say it now, that 1 think
the treasury will be vastly safer if you wait for
those claims to come here rather than if you es-
tablish a commission to go and look thenvup.
Mr. CLARK. Nothing of that kind has been
said.
Mr. HOWE. I understood it to be thrown
out as the other course.
Mr. CLARK. I have not heard a word here
about a commission going to hunt them up.
Mr. HOWE. No, but if you establish a com-
mission, I suppose it i&jyith a view of going into
the localities and hearing testimony.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me;
I had not any such idea. My main difficulty is,
that cases of this kind before a committee of Con-
gress are tried only upon one side. I want some
tribunal to have an opportunity of trying both
sides, not a peripatetic commission to go around
the country and hunt up claims to be tried and
allowed; but I desire something that shall ascer-
tain for the Government, as well as for the indi-
vidual, what loss has been sustained.
If the Senator will permit me here, as I am
now up, I desire to say, for the sake of being
guarded, that the committee do not propose to
repudiate any such claim as that of the Messrs.
Cobb. I should be sorry to have such an im-
pression prevail from the remarks of the Sen-
ator, he being upon the committee, because that
remark coming from him might come with more
force than it would from a person off the commit-
tee^ leading the public to suppose thatthe com-
mittee entertained the idea. The committee ac-
knowledge the justice of many of these claims,
and they acknowledge, too, that Congress, in
their judgment, must pay for them when some
way shall be ascertained for determining the
amount of the damages.
Mr. HOWE. What I said in reference to re-
pudiation was not predicated on anything I had
heard in the committee. It was induced by re-
marks I had heard on the floor of the Senate and
during this debate. So much on that point.
Now, in reference to this suggested commission
rather than proposed commission,let me say that
I understand the difficulty in the way of getting
at the exact truth in reference to these claims per-
haps as well as the Senator from New liamp-
shne, the chanman of the committee; but I do
not understand why we cannot clothe your Com-
mittee on Claims with all the power in reference
to obtaining evidence and examining witnesses
that you can any other tribunal. We may, I be-
lieve, in the matter of proof, guard the public in-
terests just as well as any tribunal that you can
establish. I think it would be decidedly better
for us to make no distinction, to assume at once
what is conceded to be the law of the land, that
all these claims are equally to be respected, and
proceed to hear them as the evidence is adduced,
and to leport upon them only when the evidence
adduced satisfied us of f lie justice of the claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senatorfrom New Hump-
shire, to postpone the further consideration of this
joint resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. COWAN. I am willing to postpone this
resolution, but at the same time I desire to say a
word on the argument offered by the committee,
that there was no evidence before them on the
part of the Government to show the value of these
barges. '
Mr. CLARK. The Senator misunderstood me
if lie understood me to say there was no evidence.
Mr. COWAN. I certainly understood the
honorable chairman to say that the evidence they
had before the committee as to the value of the
barges was ex parte, and he thought it dangerous
to leport it on such evidence.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly.
Mr. COWAN. Then if it was ex parte, it must
be on the part of the owners of the barges, and
not on the part of the Government. I suppose
that in appearing before a committee here, repre-
senting to a cei tam extent the Government, it was
not necessary that formal notice should be given
to the General Government to appear before the
committee when a claimant came before Congress
to have his just dues paid.
For my own part, I think that the obligation to
pay for this hay is perfect and complete, because
m either event the Government was guilty of a
tort toward the owner, or of a breach of contract.
The obligation to pay for the barges is equally
complete, because it destroyed, in an emergency,
the pi operty of the citizen for the common defense
of the whole, and it is well known that in such
cases the whole always feel themselves obliged to
pay. How far we are able to pay now for dam-
ages which arise from torts done by the Govern-
ment to the citizen is another question, and, as I
understand the committee, that is the question
which they desired to raise by this amendment.
If we adopt this amendment now, it is to be taken
thai we will pay whatever damages we are bound
to pay for the breach of our contracts, but tlmi we
postpone all the damages which have accrued to
individuals on account of our torts. That will be
the result of it; and perhaps the committee are
right in desiring a clear, fair understanding as to
the course we intend to pursue with regard to this
question, although I am free to say that I cannot
see the slightest difference in the world between
the force of the obligation which rests upon us in
the one case and in the other.
If there is any difference in the force of this
obligation, how are we to justify ourselves to one
who has suffered by sayingtohim, "Although the
obligation of the law rests upon us in your case
as strongly as it does in the case of another, we
cannot afford you relief?" How arc we to say to the
Government contractor who has agreed to deliver
to the Government five thousand tons of hay upon
a given day and it is destroyed in transitu for the
defense of the whole, that we will pay him the
amount we contracted to pay, and yet to another
man equally meritorious, and equally loyal, with
an equal amount of hay, and destroyed equally
in defense of the whole, " We cannot pay you V9
Will not the citizen be likely to ask, under circum-
stances of that kind, why you make a diffeicnce
between a man who contracts with you and one
who docs notcontract? You destroy his property
for the defense of the whole and you pay him;
you destroy mine for the defense of the whole,
and you do not pay me; and why ? Because I am
not a Government contractor. 1 confess that I do
not see this distinction, which certainly exists
without a difference so far as the citizen is con-
cerned. Whether there is policy in postponing
the claims of those who ure not Government con-
tactors, because of their enormous magnitude, is
another question; but if one is to be postponed, 1
do not see why the other ought not to be, fur tho
benefit of the exchequer, unless it may be, perhaps
that if we postpone the claims of contractors we
shall have no contractors; if we decline to pay
those who have contracted to furnish us goods by
a day certain, which we are obliged to destroy
in transitu, perhaps nobody will contract with us;
but that is another question.
All these questions I understand are raised by
this amendment, and I have no objection that the
bill be postponed in order that the Senate may
act advisedly upon it, because it is a question of
graver importance than would appear at first
sight—one upon which, perhaps, the fate of the
country may depend, because the fate of the
country may depend upon the exchequer, and if
its coffers are drained to pay these damages we
may not be able to replenish them in time to carry
to a successful conclusion the enterprise we have
undertaken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps it is proper that
I should say one or two words in behalf of my
constituents who are interested in this joint reso-
lution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on postponing the resolution
until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the debate has
extended slightly beyond that technical question.
I do not desire to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate more than a moment. I shall not object to
the postponement, but I hope this resolution will
not be postponed so as finally to be lost in the
Senate jf the amendment should be made.
Mr. CLARK. I assure the Senator that I in-
tend to call it up again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rely upon that. If the
amendment shall be rnude eventually, of course tho
resolution will have to go to the House of Repre-
sentatives again for consideration of the amend-
ment there; and Senators are aware of the diffi-
culty of securing the consideration of that body
to private bills. When I was a member of the
Committee on Claims at the last session, I think
there was a difference between the two classes of
obligations on the part of the Government. We
must pay contractors, else we cannot get supplies;
and we cannot postpone the claims of contractors
until after the war is closed without impairing
the faith of the Government to such an extent aa
to make it difficult to get supplies. So we ought
to pay these contractors as if the hay were actually
delivered. But I desire to say that according to
my understanding in committee, the question was
not so much whether the Government is bound
to pay for property which she herself has de-
i stroyed, as whether Congress shall make an
