1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of this House be given
to Bishop Simpson, for the puipose of a lectuie, on Wed-
nesday evening next, the 25th instant.
Mr. COX. I object to using the Hall for any
purpose except that of legislation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. ROSS. "What kind of a lecture is it to be ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is to be a moral
lecture, and therefore I hope my colleague will
not object. [Laughter.]
On the motion to suspend the rules, the House
divided; and there being—ayes 54, noes 51,
Mr. ECKLEYdemanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles:
An net (H. R. No. G07) to provide for an advance
of rank to officers of the Navy and Marine corps
for distinguished merit; and
An act (H. R. No. 598) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
18CG; when the Speaker signed the same.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the De-
partment of the Interior transmitting an account
of the superintendent and agent of the southern
superin tendency having charge of refugee Indians;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House an
answer of the Secretary of War to a resolution
offered on the 21st of December last, in regard to
the exchange ol prisoners; which was read, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution :
R(^olvc<L That the Committee on Military Affair*beau-
t<> m'ikI for peiMinss and pnpet>, and to examine
Winiewis, in then investigation <is to iht: cx< h.uige and
treatment of pitsoui'i-. ot waiutulei loimer isolations of
tills House.
Theie being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now rise to a question of
privilege, and I ask first to have read at the Clerk's
desk the proceedings before a police court in this
city, as published in a newspaper of Washington
yesterday morning, in relation to a member of
tins House.
The Cleik proceeded to read an article from the
Sunday Chionicle.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of or-
der. Can that be tegardedas a question of privi-
lege in this House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot yet ascer-
tain whether it is a question of privilege or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. After the reading of the pro-
ceedings I propose to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman fiom Ohio that the proper mode
would be to offer the resolution tirst.
Mr. MALLORY. I should say so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can then decide
whether it is a question of piivilege or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can do that; but X sup-
posed that, as a statement by a member is some-
times made accompanying the resolution, this
publication might be received as such statement,
but as that is objected to I will offer the resolution
first.
Mr. MALLORY. if 1 could understand that
it was a question of privilege 1 would not object
to the manner of its introduction.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas it is understood that on the evening of Friday,
the 20th instant, A. P. Field, a citizen of Louisiana, did at-
tempt by language of intimidation, and by bullying, to deter
William D. Kelley, a Representative in this House from
the fouith district of the State of Pennsylvania, from the
free and fearless exercise of lus rights and duties as a mem-
ber of Congress, and voting and deciding upon a pending
subject of legislation, and did follow up the saidaucmptat
intimidation and bullying by an assault upon the person of
the said Representative Kelley, thus committing a breach of
the privilege of tins House: Therefore,
Be it rewired, That a select committee of five members
be appointed by the Speaker to inquire into the said alleged
breach of privilege; that the said committee have poweito
send for persons and papers, and to examine witnesses; and
that the committee report as soon as possible all the facts
and ciicu instances of the affair, and what order, if any, it is
propei lor this IIou e to take for the vindication of its piivi-
lege, and right, and duty of free legislation and judgment.
Mr. MALLORY. I raise the question of order
that the case set forth by thegentleman from Ohio
does not bring the matter within the question of
piivilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would refer the
gentleman from Kentucky to the 145th page of
the Digest. In the Twenty-Second andTwenty-
Thiid Congresses it was decided that an assault
upon a member was a breach of privilege, and
even the use of menacing language toward a mem-
ber out of the House. The Chair has looked
at it since the point was raised by the gentleman
from Kentucky, and the various precedents have
been there cited by the Journal Clerk of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 am happy to hear that we
are surrounded with more safeguards for our pro-
tection than I had supposed.
The Clerk then read the statement, as follows:
Tiik Assault and Mattery upon Judge Kelley.—The
case ol A. P. Field, chained with a^aiilt and battery on
Judge W. D. Kelley, member ol Congri'S* fiom the fourth
dis-tiiet of Pennsylvania, was brought before 1*01 ice Justice
I<\ A. iloMvell, at his office on E street, near Tluiteenth
btreet, at three p. m. yesteiday.
Hon. Thoma  Com in, of Ohio, appeared as counsel for
Field. Most of the eongiesbioual delegation fiom Louis-
iana wci e piescnt.
Judge W. D. Kelley was sworn, and testified us follows :
I wav spending the evening of yesteiday with lion.
Cliailes O'Neill, at his loom's ou F street, wheio I met
j sevcial luemK After a while we proceeded to WillauPs
I Hotel to supper. At In at f did not lecognizo what pcrt-on*.
weie at the table. {Soon Judge Field asked, " Why do you
keep us out in the cold ? Why don't you admit us, like a
man ?" Rather than appear iude, I simply haid, " I have
nothing to do with admitting you ; the question is in
the committee, and is not yet before the House." Then
he said, with an oath, " Why do you not come up like a
man and too the line?" I then remarked in subdued tones,
''Judge Field, if you will inquire of my friends, you will
find I am in the habit of toeing the inaik ; of matching up
to the line." He then broke out more violently, " Von
dure not go home and taeft your constituency ; you would
quail beloio them." 1 leplied, ''Judge Field, my constit-
uency will not rebuke me for excluding a man like you, 1
who, iM'foie ladies, tan act as you are doing." lie then,
uttering another oath, quitted tin- loom, remaiking as he
did so, '• I will hold >ou lespoiwble ; you shall tool me tor
that." I lelt the, Mippei loom in about filiei n oi twenty
minutes therealter. and ou pacing into the hall paw Judge
Field conversing with other gentlemen. On puipobc to
avoid him 1 endeavored to pabs out the other way, but he
saw me, and running to me, seized the collar ol my coat
with iu-5 lelt hand, while with ln iighthand he tnickme,
exclaiming as lie did so, vvitii an oath, " You shall give me
saUslaetion." The blow appeared to strike to the bone,
and elear across it. I <iid, " You arc an old man, and I
wish you would go away; f do not want to strike yoii."
He then made a second elioit to sinko me, but Major liar
per seiz( d In-* arm. Meanwhile I felt tlx' blood trickling
down, [witness here exhibited the wound; it was about
one and a hall ineh long, on the back pattof the hand,
near the wrist.J People gatheti d mound, and some ut-
t.i'-h.'s of the hotel insisted on my going away. J told them
i was not the culpnt; they >hould take the other man
away ; he w.i- J he, disturber. Judge Field wenton the pl.u-
loim and talked with other gentlemen, paying he was armed,
and he could take caie ol htmsell.
Judge Field. Did you not t< H me at the table to go back
and tell the people, ol Louisiana to s-enda more decent man
theie '
Answer. I uttered no such words ; what I paid was, my
constituency will not icbuke me foi excluding sueh a man
as- j ou aie, who behave* in the pie^cnee ot ladies yon do.
Major Hat per testified as follows: Jn the company ol
Judge Kelley and lion. Leonaid Mycis,J went to Hie 100ms
oi lion. Uiiaile- OWViii, about nine o'clock j lelt at hall
i>:e-t leu or eleven o'clock, and went to supper at Willard'*;
1 sat ne\t t< Judge Field,and Judge Kelley >atou my light;
Judge Field leaned over and i-aid, •< Judge, wh> do >ou
keep us out in the cold Judge Kelley icphed that the
dclcMlion !)ii"-iue>:> \va> in commitice, and had not come
l.eibie the IIou-c; Judge Field then said Judge Kflley
ought to toe the maik . a lady win si! ting near, wh"ii Judge
Field null an oath, said, "You dan; not go beloie your
constuuetie} ; jou would quad bctoie them he then lelt
the table, t-awng he would .-ee bun out-ide and hold him
rc-potiiible." Su pecting then- vonid be tumble, I cameout
lh«t to see wh-ne Field iuh, and i! powhle pievenl a col
Inoii; noticing the Judge Mtungon the heatei, I tetunied
and told Judge Kel!< yh -h.ul Ix ttei go out by the side door;
as he w.i-, p-ismnu out 1 ob-ctwd Judge Field advancing
rapidly tovvai ii Judge Kelley. and as f came up be stiuck
with his rigid hand and giappled with In*, left; on his at-
tempt to strike the second blow, 1 saw the kntie cud ar-
retted lu-> aim ; he wanted me to let go, hut I would not;
a clerk belonging to the hotel vvibiiocf Judge Keiley to go
away; the Judge replied that he was the injured man, and
that the other should be taken eare of; I went with Judge
Kelley to get lus wound dressed j when we returned Judge
Field was walking up and down very much excited: I went
with Judge Kelley to lus room, and when I returned I found
Judge Field had been arrested.
The knife he used was a dark-handled one with a small
blade.
Judge Field. Did not Judge Kelley tell me logo and
tell my constituency to send a more decent man there ?
Answer, i sal between you, and I say Judge Kelley *
made no such remark as that. Such words did not is ue
from his mouth. You said you would hold him-responsi-
ble, and have satisfaction.
Judge Field, with an oath, said the witness lied.
The court reminded the accused that such language
could not be tolerated.
[Despite tins reminder of the eourt. Judge Field contin-
ued, m the same style of language, to interrupt the witness
with questions and remarks, which we deem it proper to
exclude fioin our columns.]
Judge Kelley said: I haveother witnesses, but I suppose
their examination might be dispensed with. In view of
the fact that Judge Field lias told many persons that he
would take my hie, I ask that the bail be of so substantial
a character that I can feel I have protection while going
about mv public duties.
Justice Bosweli said he should require Judge Field to
find bail in the sum of $5U0 to answer the charge of asMiult
and battery at the next term of court,and a further bail of
$1,000 to keep the peace toward Judge Kelley for the space
of six months.
Mr. John I). Hammuck became his bail for the sums
named.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the following
amendment, tocomein at the endofthe resolution:
Ami until the report of such committee shall be made,
the said A. P. Field shall be excluded from the privileges
ol this floor.
I understand that at present, by order of the
House, he is entitled to the privilege of the floor,
and that should be denied him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I think we
had better have him tiied fiist. The committee
will probably be able to report by to-morrow.
We had better give this gentleman a fair oppor-
tunity of making his defense.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the facts are
sufficiently verified already for us to take this ac-
tion. Until the report of the investigating com-
mittee can be made, this man ought to be excluded
from the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I do not
like to seethe precedent established thatuponthe
mere reading of a newspaper article the House
should take such action as this. Let us have a
full investigation of the matter, and X will go as
far as any gentleman will in making any ord. r
which may be necessary to protect any member
from any threat or violence from any blackguard
either inside the House or outside of tile House,
whether it be upon this side of the House or upon
the other side.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to know from
the Chair whether an amendment to the amend-
ment is in order.
The SPEAKER. It would be if it were ger-
mane.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I dislike the
appearance of the Pennsylvania delegation or of
any member of it coming here invoking the pro-
tection of the House. I dislike the asking of a
committee to investigate this matter.
Mr. COX. i would like to .inquire whether
the amendment proposed by the gentleman fiom
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has been accepted by
the mover of the original resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to it;
but I do not accept it. I leave it to the House.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to debate it?
The SPEAKER. It is; and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead] is on the
floor debating it. *
Mr. MOORHEAD. I think that this was so
gross an outrage, withoutany provocation, with-
out any cause, that this House should adopt the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] and exclude Mr. Field
from the privileges of the floor. 1 hope that will
be done promptly and by a unanimous vote of
the House. 1 do not think there is any member
here who would wish to be associated with a man
who would be guilty of so gross an outrage. But
I do not wish to have the thing magnified. The
question as to whether this man has a chum to a
seat here has not been examined; but 1 would
have him immediately excluded from the privi-
leges of the House. 1 hope, therefore, that the
amendment of ttie gentleman from Illinois wiil be
adopted m place of the original resolution. I do
not want to have any report from a committee.
