1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
After the first careful reading of this bill, and
considering the many important changes pro-
posed in it, I was inclined to recommend that the
Senate postpone it until the next session rather
than by hasty legislation to run the risk of new
errors; but the necessity of the Government for
new sources of levenue, the loss of revenue caused
by defects in the present law, the constructions
put upon parts of it by revenue ofRceis, and the
palpable failure to enforce the present law, espe-
cially as to incomes, induced your committee to
report it back with several important amendments,
and especially to provide for such an examination
of the whole subject of internal taxation as will
enable us to legislate in the future with fuller in-
formation. It may expedite our action to submit
at the outset a few general remarks as to the ne-
cessity which compels us to impose upon our
constituents the system of internal taxation pro-
vided for by this bill and the act of the last ses-
sion.
Under the practice of Congress of dividing
financial measures into numerous bills, all of
which are considered separately, without any
connection with each other, there seems no ap-
propriate time to consider the " budget," or the
general financial estimates and plans of the Gov-
ernment. Yet it is obvious that when it is the
chief duty of Congress to provide ways and means
to carry on the Government, some general prin-
ciples ought to be adopted and applied to all our
financial measures. 'When at peace the United
States had an ample sou ice of revenue in a moder-
ate rate of duty on imported goods. This tax was
so lig;ht as never to be felt by our people, and its
incidental effect in protecting ourdomestic indus-
try made this tax a blessing rather than a burden.
But the rebellion changed all this. We had either
to submit to have our existence as a nation de-
stroyed by a haughty, but base, ignorant, and de-
feated oligarchy, or we had to assume with war
its unavoidable incidents, taxation and debt.
The people of the United States having defi-
nitely determined to prosecute war, it only re-
mained fur Congress to piovide the ways and
means to carry it on. It is manifest now, as I
then urged, that it would have been better at the
first session in 18G1 to have reduced to the low-
est possible standard all expenditures and to have
provided a system of internal taxation. It is easy
now to see the errors of the past. None of us
appreciated the magnitude of the contcst—the
enormous armies demanded and the vast sums re-
quired for the contest. I still think that with par-
simonious economy and heavy taxes from the be-
ginning, we might have borrowed money enough
on a specie basis to have avoided a suspension
of specie payments; but v;heu it came we weie
without a currency and without a system of tax-
ation. Gold disappeared and was hoarded by
banks and individuals. It flowed in a steady
stream from our country. By the sub-Treosuiy
act we could not use the inedeemable bills of
State banks, and with the terrible lessons of 1815
and 1837 staring us in the face, no one was bold
enough to advise us to make as a standard of
value the issues of fifteen hundred banks founded
upon as many banking systems as there were
States. Under these cucumstauces we had but
one resource.
We had to borrow vast sumr, and as a means
to do it we had to make a currency. Tins was
done by the issue of United States note1?. Sub-
sequently, to unite the interests of private capital
with the security of the Government as a basis
of banking, we established a system of national
banks, and upon this cunri\<:\, i.;.
collecting taxes and borrowing money, have waged
a war unexampled in the grandeur of its opera-
tions, and, as 1 tiust, s><oii to be crowned with
unconditional success.
Such a war has not been conducted without
vast expendi'uie. Our actual expenditure during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1SG4, was ^865,-
234,08i 1 he estimated expenditure forthe cur-
rent fifcal year is ^>895,729,135, upon the ba^isof
the pi tsent laws. Much more than one half of
this sum has been already expended. To this
sum you must aud every dollar you provide for
by new laws, and this grim fact must not be
overlooked for a single moment when you are
making new appropriation?. Every dollar of tins
must be paid in the form of taxes; and {hat is not
the worst of it—it must be paid now. "Wo must
got the money either by making it, by borrow*
ing it, or by collecting it from our people. If
we could postpone the borrowing until after the
war is over it would be easy, but we must have
it now; and we must devise the means of getting
it before we can sympathize with the poor clerk,
the brave soldier, or the needy contractor. Until
then your sympathy is mockery. Your very
measures of relief may add more to the distress
of all whose livelihood depends upon a fixed sal-
ary.
1 repeat that there are but three modes of raising
this money: one is by printing your notes, call-
ing it money, and compelling your people to take
it; another is by issuing your bonds or promises
to pay in the future; and another is to collect the
money in the form of taxes from the people.
That all these modes may be resorted is proven
by the history of all modern nations when in-
volved in war. As the first is the easiest it is apt
to be resorted to first; but it is a doubtful expe-
dient at any time, always dangerous, and soon
exhausted. If pressed too far it destroys loans
and taxes, and national bankruptcy is the inevi-
table result. A limited amount of this money was
indispensable to us as a medium of exchange. It
is like some medicines, necessary in certain cases
and in moderate quantities, but when taken in
excess, sure death.
Paper money issued by a Government is called
a loan, but it has none of the elements of a loan
except the promise to pay. There can be no loan
without a lender, and his act must be volun-
tary. In the middle ages Governments resorted
to " forced loans," a contradiction of terms. A
forced loan was merely an unjust and unequal tax.
I choose to regard United States legal-tender notes
not as a loan merely, but as money, lawful money,
which the citizr-n is compelled to receive, that
which now fixes the standard of all value.
Whether the power to issue it is derived from
the power to coin money or to borrow money,
or whether it is inherent in any Government
clothed with the attributes of sovereignty, are
questions we need not now discuss. We have
exerciscd the power. It is now the currency of
the country, the measure of value, and we can
only regulate its form and amount, and provide
for its redemption.
While we can and have made our paper money
the unit or standard of value, we cannot fix the
price or value of any other commodity, whether
gold, silver, or food. This attempt has been made
by many Governments in different ages, and has
uniformly failed. The standard of value may be
fixed by the Government, but a higher law fixes
the relative value of all commodities as measured
by this standard. We may by our tariff* or tax
lav/ affect the relative value of commodities, but
we cannot by direct legislation fix the value of
any commodity either in gold or paper money.
When the attempt has been made the result has
usually been to advance rather than to decrease the
valueof this commodity. AllourefForts tofix the
value of gold, as measured by our currency, have
failed. We may make perial the puichase and
sale of gold; we may deny the use of our courts
to enforce such contracts; we may prohibit the
exportation of gold; we may deter sales of gold
by heavy taxation, yet, after all, the price of gold
rises or falls as our national credit rises or falls.
So far as our legislation produces revenue or
strengthens our Army it produces a fall of gold
as measured by our standard. So far as it merely
discourages trade in gold or any other commodity
it increases its market value. We may as well rec-
us an axiom of political economy, proven
by the experience of all nations, by every form of
government—despotic, monarchic, or republican
—that the relative value of all commodities is
beyond the power of legislation. We may fix the
standard of value, we may fix the tax upon the
commodity, and there our power ends. And es-
pecially is this so of gold, which has value in all
civilized nations of the world, and, except with
nations for a time involved in war, is every where
the standard of value.
It is therefore manifest that the first duty of
Congress is to keep our lawful money at a stand-
ard of value as near as possible to the standard of
gold; and this can only be done by limiting the
amount and by making it valuableto pay taxes
or loans. It can only be redeemed"by the Gov-
ernment by taxes or duties, and every tax or
duty, however oppressive to the individual, whicti
withdraws for a time our paper money, brings it
nearer the standard of gold. The power to make
' money by issuing legal-tender bills is now ex-
hausted. More than enough is now outstanding
to supply a currency. The issue of ^>100,000,000
more would not only increase our debt to that
amount, but would add even a greater sum to our
expenditures by the increased price of commodi-
ties consumed by the war, while the imposition
of an equal amount of taxes gives* value to our
currency, and thus reduces the price of commodi-
ties we are compelled to buy.
An increase of paper money benefits the tax-
payer now at the expense of the soldier. It re-
duces the purchasing value of the pay of the sol-
dier, while by debasing the currency it is easier
for the tax-payer to pay a specific sum. In the
end, however, the tax-payer loses, by the in-
creased cost of food and clothing and transporta-
tion, which must finally be paid for in gold.
I assume, then, that while the necessity for rais-
ing these vast sums is still imperative, yet one
mode of doing it, and that theeasiest, is exhausted.
Loans and taxes are our only resource. A loan
must be voluntary. It may to some extent be in-
duced by patriotism. In this contest thousands of
patriotic people—women, children, poor and rich
alike—have loaned their savings to the Govern-
ment from the purest of motives, The admira-
ble system of distributing this loan by going out
from the money centers to the remote hamlets
and villages, gatheiing from the small savings
of the people rather than from the garnered treas-
ures of the rich, has proved a wonderful success.
Yet, after all, to borrow money you mustappeal
to the self-interest of the lender. A great nation
borrowing money will be tried by the interested
tests applied by the pawnbroker to his shivering
victim. The more it wants to borrow, the more
it must pay. The terms upon which we now
borrow prove that we have pressed this resource as
tar as is expedient. Tested by the present stand-
ard of gold, we now pay seven and three tenths
percent, for three years, and twelve per cent,
afterward, until the debt is paid in gold. }Ve
promise to pay §1,000 in gold at the end of eight
years, with interest for five of these years at six
per cent, in gold, and for three years at seven and
three tenths in currency, and we receive for this
promise, which must be fulfilled to the uttermost,
$1,000 in currency, which will buy our soldiers
no more food than §500 m gold. But this is not
all. We stipulate that this property lentus shall
be exempt from all the burdens which this war
casts upon all other property, of State, county,
and municipal taxes. This simple statement
shows that this process of borrowing is ex-
hausted; that we dare not extend it except for
the highest object of national existence. When
I see the money thus borrowed expended on
trivial objects, I cannot but look forward to the
slow and hard process by which it must nil he
repaid in gold, with interest accumulated and ac-
cumulating, through the agency of collectors, by
the inquisitorial process of this bill, and from the
labor of the poor. And if, Senators, you have
thoughtme hard and close as to salaries and ex-
penditures. I trust you will do me the justice to
believe that it is not from any doubt of the ability
of our country to pay, or from the base and self-
ish desire for cheap reputation, or from a disin-
clination to pay my shaie, but becausc I see in
the dim future of our country the same uneasy
struggle between capital and labor—between the
rich and the poor, between fund-holders and prop-
erty-holders—that has marked the histoiy of
Great Britain for the last fifty years. I do not
wish our public debt increased onedollarbeyond
the necessities of the present war, and the only
way to prevent this increase is to restrict our ex-
penditures to the lowest limit consistent with the
public service, and to increase our taxes to the
highest aggregate oui industry will bear.
These general principles induce me to support
many of the taxes proposed in this bill. I regard
the proposed tax on sales as indefensible in
principle; yet, as a temporary expedient to iaise
revenue, I will vote for it. The increase of the
postage on letters is only to make the Post Of-
fice Department self-supporting, and to preserve
the proportions between the old rate and the price
of labor and commodities. The changes in the
income tax are necessary to prevent a repetition
