1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t>f the shameless and wholesale evasions of the
special income tax. This is the only tax imposed
on accumulated property, the only tax on money
in State and Government securities. It is the
one that should have been paid most cheerfully,
but its assessmentand collection was a disreputa-
ble farce.
A still more important feature of this bill is
the section to compel the withdrawal of State
bank notes. As the volume of currency affects
the price of all commodities, I have nodoubtthe
amount of such paper money now outstanding
adds to the cost of our purchases $50,000,000.
The refusal of Congress, at the last session, to
pass restrictive measures to compel its redemp-
tion has seriously affected the value of our cur-
rency, The national banks were intended to
supersede the State banks. Both cannot exist to-
gether; yet, while the national system is extend-
ing, the issues of State banks lmve not materially
decreased. Indeed, many local banks have been
converted into national banks, and yet carefully
keep out their State circulation. They exact in-
terest from the people on this circulation, and yet
avail themselves of the benefits of the new sys-
tem. They transfer their capital to national
banks, issue new circulation upon it, and yet
studiously keep out the old. They issue two cir-
culations upon the same capital. It is far better
at once to abandon the national banking system
than to leave it as a cloak for outstanding State
issues.
If the State banks have power enough in Con-
gress to prolong their existence beyond the pres-
ent year, we had better suspend the organization
of national banks. As the first friend of this
measure in the Senate I would vote to-day for its
repeal rather than allow it to be the agency under
which State banks can inflate our currency. And
the power of taxation cannot be more wisely
exercised than in harmonizing and nationalizing
and placing on the secure basis of national credit
ail the money of the country.
Many of the taxes proposed by this bill are
not in accordance with established rules of po-
litical economy founded upon the experience of
European countries. We are new beginners in
the science of taxation. The object now is less
to equalize taxation than to "increase revenue.
All other questions must await the necessity put
upon us by war to levy in the most expeditious
mode the largest possible taxes, and to do this
we must extend it to nearly all articles of pro-
duction and consumption.
It may be truly said of some of these taxes
that they are mongrel. We can only reply that
we need the money now, and must look more to
the result of the tax in revenue, leaving to the
future to make such changesasexperienceproves
to be just and proper. Taxes levied now must
be paid by those at home who do not fight, while,
if postponed, they wili fall in a measuie upon
those who have fought. Taxes collected now can
be paid in a depreciated currency, while, if post-
poned, they must be paid in gold. Taxes paid
now not only tend to reduce thv piesent price of
commodities, but by reducing the sum to be bor-
rowed enable us to borrow on better terms, while
taxes withheld now largely increase the sum to
be levied hereafter. What we pay now we pay
without interest; what we postpone for the future
we pay threefold in accumulating interest. The
war has given vast activity to all classes of in-
dustry, and has yielded enormous profit to those
who are in business. It is proper that now they
pay to the Government their full tax on these
profits before they are consumed by expenditure.
A tax system fully enforced now will enable us
to relieve our people from many taxes when the
reaction of peace shall lessen the profits of indus-
try. We cannot increase our taxes after war—
we must be prepared to reduce them. Taxes are
more cheerfully paid now in view of the mount-
ain of calamity that would overwhelm us if the
rebellion succeed, but when we reach the haven
of peace, when the danger is past, you must
expect, then you must expect, discontent and
complaint. The grim specter of repudiation can
never disturb us if we do our duty of tax-paying
as well as our soldiers do theirs of fighting. I
therefore conclude that every dictate of policy,
every sentiment of painotism, demands of us the
largest taxation now to be feai lessly assessed and
impartially collected.
1139
But it is impossible to consider the subject of
internal taxation without some reference to our
tariff laws. Though this bill does not change the
present duties on importi'd goods, yet the" same
! general principles must b* applied to tariffs as to
excises. The object now of ou? tariff laws should
be to raise revenue, in times of peace we may
discriminate in favor of our industry, we may
abandon taxes to increase our commerce. Now
our industry is sufficiently protected by requiring
customs duties to be paid in gold, and we are in
no condition to protect our commerce from foreign
competition, because our vessels are the prey of
English pirates. Our immediate want is revenue,
and especially revenue payatle in gold. We are
committed to the payment of near sixty millions in
gold annually, and must rely upon customs duties
to pay this sum. Wecannotforego this revenue
without destroying the national credit, the value
of our bonds, the basis of our currency. We
cannot affect these without seriously impairing
our manufactures and our commerce. I repeat
that we must now frame our tariff laws solely with
a view to revenue. Ail incidental protection or
benefit to any industry must now give way during
this war to the immediate and pressing need of
revenue.
A different principle prevails in Great Biitain,
and in her present position of peace, With all her
great wealth employed in commerce and manu-
facture, it is founded upon the highest wisdom.
The principle adopted by her is thus stated by
Sir Moiton Peto, pages 24 and 25:
" If a customs duty, however moderate, Imposed for
a financial object, prevents: tiade with a coumty which
would otherwise receive \our good-, in exchange lor
products, it is Mirely hcttei to remove the duty which im-
poses the obstacle to comnienul intcrc*oui?>e than, for the
sake of a small revenue,to jneeludethe possibility of com-
mercial exchange," ******
" But the firft object of legislation in regard to custom*
duties should be, not to tax all article^ which do noteonie
within the class of i aw materials or food, buion the eon-
tiary to tax those aitieles alone which can he taxed with-
out injuriously aflVeiing our tiade with other commies,
and lo lax sueh articles only to Mich :tn extent as will not
injuriously affect their consumption by our own people.^
Upon this principle,and anotherequally simple,
not to impose duties on the raw mateuals oi in-
dustry and the first articles of food, was based the
policy of Sir Robert Peel, which reduced the num-
ber of articles chaiged with duties from eleven
hundred and sixty-thiee, in 1841, to fort y-four, in
1862; and,sir, if we were at peace, with our cur-
rency restored to its normal condition, I should
be very willing to discriminate in favor of our
own commerce and manufactures. Although
representing an interior State chiefly engaged in
agriculture, yet I have always fell thai the pros-
perity of our industry and section finally inuiid
to the benefit of the whole nation and of eveiy
part. I theiefore have supported the [nescnt tanfT
law, ftamed with a distinct view to discriminate
in favornf our hojne industry, and I would now
only so far modify the present duties when lo do
so wifl increase the revenue. If by lowering the
duty we can increase the revenue, it should be
done. If by increasing the duties on any arti*
cle we can increase the revenue without diminish-
ing in a greaier decree the consumption of that
article, it ought tr i-e done. During wai. when
our industry is fully employed in repait ing the
waste of wai, increased importation may become
a vast injury bv exhausting ue of gold and food,
which must then be sent to pay for luxuries
We send abroad that which we most need, and
receive that which we can do without, The tiue
principle for n nation in our condition, struggling
for ns existence, isso to frame us tariff lawsas to
produce the greatest levenue fiom the least im-
portation. W hen the war ceases, our armies are
disbanded and our soldiers retire to the ordinary
pursuitsof industry, then the English rule should
be applied of levying the requisite duties on the
fewest articles, and with a view to increase your
commeice and protect your industry.
With this general statement, 1 approach the
consideration of this bill. I am not entirely sat-
isfied with it. but I am sure it wili improve the
present lawand add some new sourcesof revenue.
When the machinery of collecting is perfected,
which can only be done by experience, the whole
of these taxes will be revised. They will be ar-
ranged into classes and schedules and bumpiified.
Us success will depend mainly upon the Commis-
i sioner of Internal Revenue, if he will perform
his full duty, and enforce itupon all his subordi-
nates, we will realize during this calendar year
$300,000,00G of interna! revenue, an ample basia
of public credit, and which will in a short time
rapidly reduce the public debt. If our military
and naval forces complete their great duty within
this year, our present system of national finance
will, I confidently trust,'very soon enable us to
commence the reduction of our national debt, and
within the period required m Great Britain after
her wars with Napoleon, enable us to resume
specie payments. We have resources in this
country, when united and at peace, far greater
than any nation of modern times. Our accumu-
lated wealth is not to be compared with that of
Great Biitain and France, but a bountiful Provi-
dence has given us sources of wealth far greater
than either of these powerful nations ever had.
The cotton now permeating through our lines al-
ready affects the price of exchange. What will
it do when the full stream is opened ? Petroleum,
a flowing mine, is already exported to the amount
of thirty-one million gallons a year. Our min-
eral resources are scarcely touched, and our
young sister, Nevada, is exciting our fancy with
mountains of gold and silver; and dry statistics
inform us of a product there of gold and silver
equal to the product of the world fifty years ago.
The South is to be opened to new industry, and
millions of laborers from Europe and from Asia
are meeting on our favored shores to help develop
our resources. We have taken our place among
the great nations, but as we have attained our
military position only after hard, exacting toil of
military discipline, after defeats and discourage-
ments, we can maintain our financial position
only by the hard piocess of taxes and econ-
omy. I wish to see evil predictions of our
enemies, at home and abroad, all belied.. They
piophesied disunion, we will show them Union.
They prophesied bankruptcy, we will see them
begging for our bonds, our cotton, petroleum, and
gold. Then we can provide for our public debt.
Then we may with safety prosecute with vigor
the Pacific railroad. Then we may, without in-
jury to our credit, enter upon the magnificent pro-
jects for the building of ship-canals. Then we
can restoie our commerce on the high seas, now
dnven under foreign flags by Bi itish pirates. Then
wo may revive old doctrines about the American
continent being no longer the home of European
Icings. Now our duty is dry, hard, exacting, but
it will be the more cheering when m the future
our self-sacrificing patriotism m the great crisis
will enable our country to enter upon its new
careei without a stain upon its financial honor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question la on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to strike out, after line three
bundled and thirty-thiee, the following clause:
Th:it s''r-ti<n) eighty-three br> amended by inserting after
the wind- '• within in- di-tnet, monthly/' the words a With-
in ten d.i\- Jrom the x'uth d.iy of each'mouth," and by in-
terim" alter the woid- " such duiio- wittun?" the word
" said.'' and by striking out after the winds " ten days,"
following the woids " alter demand in wilting delivered to
him in person, oi lefi at In- liotihC or place ot business, or
inanuaiactor.v, <  -eat hv niait.'5
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill,
as follows:
That M'ciion einhtv-foar be amended by striking out the
wouls " eighty fir--t>5 and inserting in lieu thereof the
woidf "eighty second." and by inking out th« words
" i ijL'hty-jourth" and inseiting ui lieu thereof the worda
" ejiihty hiih.';
Mr. COLLAMER, I desire to know where-
abouts that is and what it means.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will take
the bill and the copy of the law of the session he
will see what the amendments are,
Mr. COLLAMER. i cannot read two bills at
one time.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I have tried them, and
1 think it is impossible.
Mr. SHERMAN. The best way is to keep
the two together before you as we go along with
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The only way is for the Sena-
tor from Ohio to explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain any amend-
ment that any Senator desires as he goes along.
Tiie Secretary continued the reading, and read
the next paragraph, as follows:
That section cighty-nx be amended by striking out the
worda-a deposit at tin- time offcale,55 after the words "freight
