374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] in regard to
the rights of this man's constituents. He is not
on the floor of the House as a member represent-
ing a constituency. He has no right here to en-
gage in debate, or to vote. He is only entitled,
under the order of the House, to the courtesy of
appearing on the floor until his case is decided,
and to debate that particular case, and nothing
else.
Waiving all discussion as to the question
whether this man's presence in the House, or
his absence from it, under existing circumstances,
would be most prejudicial to the rights and in-
terests of Louisiana, I think it is due to ourselves,
due to our dignity, due to the propriety of the
House, and to the rights of members, that a man
who has committed so gross and unprovoked an
assault as that should be denied the courtesy of
appearing on the floor, especially as the interests
of Louisiana will not be injured by his absence.
IIENItY A. BRIGHAM.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
Senate, which was read:
In the Senate of the UNrrrn States,
January 23, 3803.
Ordered, That the Secretary bo directed to request the
House of Representatives to return to the Senate the bill
(S. No. 312) entitled " AnaetforthereiiofofHenry A. ttrig-
ham," passed by the Senate and sent to the House lor its
coneunencc on the 19th instant.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
bill will be returned as requested.
There was no objection.
B1U3ACII 01? PRIVILEGE AGAIN.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I would not have un-
dertaken to trouble the House in relation to this
matter but for the fact thatall these questions may
hereafter be drawn into a precedent. They may be
quoted hereafter under other circumstances, not
so aggravated as the present; and what may now
seem almost nothing may some time become a
monstrous outrage, of which the House will have
to take cognizance.
{ do not propose, in saying what I have said,
to defend the conduct of this quasi member from
Louisiana. He may be all that is charged, both
a bully and a blackguard ; but as he comes before
us with the privileges, granted to him by this
House, of appearing here for the purpose of sus-
taining the great right of representation in the
popular branch of the national Legislature, he is
entitled to more consideration than was Mr. Hous-
ton, whose term as a member of Congress had
expired, and who had no such business and no
such privilege in that highest sense. Now, sir,
it will appear from this precedent that the House
of Representatives, before undertaking to punish
Mr. Houston for this attack upon a member,
was more careful even than our courts of justice
are in the trial of criminals. The House did not
punish simply upon the prima facie case, as the
gentlemen calls it—the case sustained by affidavit
and the communication of Mr. Stanbcry sent in
writing to the Speaker; but after the arrest, the
House proceeded to pass resolutions, reported to
the House by a committee that was raised, pro-
posing questions to be put to the accused—ques-
tions in relation to the assault, questions in rela-
tion to the motive of the assault, and finally re-
quiring all the testimony to be reduced to writing;
and then, before any punishment, before any de-
privation of privilege, the House resolved to give
Mr. Houston a chance to be heard by himself
and by counsel, according to the old rules ot the
common law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether the House did no4t deny Mr.
Houston a privilege by ordering him to be placed
under arrest and by keeping him under arrest,
and whether that was not as great a punishment
as it would be to refuse a man the courtesy of the
floor.
Mr. COX. It has never been considered as a
punishment to bring a man up before a court of
justice; that is preliminary to the punishment,
if the gentleman will bring in a resolution to ar-
rest this man Field and bring him here, and give
him then a hearing, I will vote for it. I care
nothing for him. All I want is that we shall not
establish any precedent inconsistent with the
right of every one to a fair trial.
Mr. THAYER, I desire to ask the gentleman
whether in the case referred to, the defendant did
not remain in the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, either actually or constructively, from the
very moment of his arrest until the final action of
the House in his trial and the sentence of the
Speaker.
Mr. COX. And I woul?I have no objection
now to have Mr. Field brought here and placed
in charge of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and put, as we
have put witnesses, away down among the crypts
of this Capitol, with nobody but the Speaker to
have the privilege of looking at him. I might be
willing to punish him even in that way, sir.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will allow me
one moment. If I am correct in my statement
that Houston remained in the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms from the moment when lie was
taken into custody, by virtue of the Speaker's
warrant, up to the time when his trial concluded
before the House and the Speaker passed sentence
upon him, then, of course, tt is manifest that he
could not have enjoyed the privilege of this floor
during that time; and therefore the argument of
the gentleman from Ohio, so far as it is founded
upon any analogy to Houston's ease, must, it
seems to me, fail.
Mr. COX. Well, Mr. Speaker, suppose it to
have been the fact that Mr. Houston was con-
structively in the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, he no doubt was upon the floor of the
House during all the time. Besides, as I have
already suggested, it has never been reckoned a
punishment to arrest a man. That is only a pre-
liminary to the trial; and the punishment is con-
sequent upon the trial. And in the caseof Hous-
ton we have the very analogy for this special case,
because, so far ns he had the privileges of the
House, he was not punished by taking from him
those privileges until his own testimony had been
heard and reduced to writing, until he had been
heard by counsel,and the House had judged upon
his case; and then they punished him, and pun-
ished hnn in the manner which is in this case pro-
posed in advance by the proposition of my friend
from Illinois.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, there is one
consideration which will settle my vote on this
resolution of my colleague from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnswortii,] and it is this: the whole ease is
presented by the lesolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and I expect to vote for
it. 1 repeat that 1 expect to give that resolution
my vote; but while we are trying this man Field
for an assault, I am willing to grant to him the
privilege granted to every criminal in every court
of being present and heard by himself or counsel
in reference to the charges preferred against him.
M y colleague's resolution would not only deprive
Mr. Field of the privilege of the floor, but would
make this ii sort of Star Chamber proceeding.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I did notex-
peot at this time to have said anything about the
subject before the House, and I should not now
do so but for some remarks which fell from the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] on the other side
of the House. 1 wish to say to him and to the
country, on behalf of my colleague from the fourth
distiict, [Mr. Kelley,] that lie neither presented
this case here, nor did lie prosecute it before the
police court. When this man Field was arrested
my colleague was sent for as a witness, and gave
his testimony as in duty bound. The subject
has been presented here, and with great propri-
ety, by the distinguished gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sciienck.] Still further; I witnessed the
cowardly and brutal assault upon my colleague.
I saw the whole proceeding from beginning toend,
and without desiring to give evidence in the mat-
ter, I must add that while the language of this Mr.
Field was as uncalled for, unprovoked, and inso-
lent as his conduct was violent and outrageous,
my colleague's replies to him were most proper
and becoming, and when assaulted he was amply
able to defend himself, held Field at a disadvan-
tage, stating that his age alone protected him,and
in fact exercised the greatest forbearance.
So much for the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I made no charge of that kind
against the gentleman's colleague.
Mr. L. MYERS. There was an intimation
which went upon the records; I know that it
seemed to be made jocularly, but upon the record
it appears serious. The gentleman [Mr. Cox]
said that he doubted whether he would have come
here to defend himself.
Mr. COX. That was a playful remark refer-
ring to my physical ability. [Laughter.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I understood the comic as
well as the serious portion of the remark,but do
not choose to leave anything to inference here-
after.
Now to another matter. The Journal of the
proceedings of the House will show that the first
day of this session, among others, this ruan
Field presented himself here for admission with
others claiming to be Repiesentatives from the
State of Louisiana. A resolution entitling them
to seats in the House pending their application
was offered—this is m answer to my friend from
Illinois [Mr. J. C. Alley]—and was modified
and passed, entitling them only to the privileges
of the Hall of the House. Yet, sir, the gentleman
would now go further and permit this Mr. Field
to occupy a seat here by my colleague, whom ho
has so foully assailed, with privilege to discuss
his case here.
Mi. J. C. ALLEN. I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania whether a man should be denied
the privilege of being present when he is being
tried for grave offenses,and when, if guilty,it is
proposed to punish him?
Mr. L. MYERS. Certainly not, sir; I would
permit a criminal to be present when he is being
tried.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. The very thing it is now
proposed to deny.
Mr. L. MYERS. Not at all, sir; the gentle-
man is begging the question, unless he wants
this man brought to the bar of the House as a
criminal—a course which, although eminently a
proper one, is not now proposed. The resolution
refers the case to a committee, so that testimony
may be taken as to the character of the assault,
and the facts be reported to the House for its ac-
tion. The amendment offered adds that the priv-
ileges of the Hall heretofore granted to this A. P.
Field shall be rescinded. That privilege, Mr.
Speaker, was entirely a matter of courtesy, and
certainly there is evidence enough before us, un-
disputed, to justify its withdrawal, without enter-
ing into the question of criminal intent.
There cannot be a doubt that the language used
to my colleague was for the purpose of intimi-
dating him from the discharge of what he might
deem his duty as a member of this House, and if
possible to influence his action and vote in regard
to the admission of those claiming seats here from
Louisiana. The attack followed close upon that
language, leaving time only for a deliberation
which but aggravates the case. Now, sir, it mat-
ters very little to me whether the amendment of
my friend and colleague [Mr. Mooriiead] shall
take the place of the original resolution,or whether
the amendment of my fiiend from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswortii] be agreed to instead. I prefer the
latter, however, as an addition to the resolution.
What I desire is that the House shall take imme-
diate action upon the matter as presented, and I
trust it will assert its own dignity and exercise
its undoubted prerogative by excluding this Mr.
Field at once from the privileges of the floor, and
then let his case be acted upon before the commit-
tee, where he may be heard if he sees fi-U
Mr. HARRINGTON. I ask that the resolu-
tion, amendment, and substitute may be read.
They were read accordingly.
Mr. HARRINGTON. It seems, then, that the
charge before the House is that a member of this
House has been assaulted by one who claims to
be a member-elect, upon certain grounds which
are a breach of the privileges of this House. For
one, I am opposed to the amendment. There is
no evidence before the House, unless it be that
taken before a police court, that there has been
any violation of the privileges of the House. I
would be as ready as any gentleman to punish a
violation of such privileges under the provisions
which are applicable to this body; but it seems
to me that the exclusion of a man who is charged
with this violation of privilege in itself is unwar-
ranted and utterly at variance with every principle
which has been recognized m these investigations.
I do not know why the House should exclude a
man from being heard in his defense because a
member has been assaulted, any more than that
a court should exclude a criminal or a supposed
