1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
here, how you can exempt a publishing house :
that publishes novels and other bunks of a like :
character, and then tax a house bv tit** Mde "Mt
which makes shirts and jackets for your childim
and the poor of the country.
Mr. COWAN. One is " knowledge,"
Mr. CLARK. I know one is knowledge and
the other is comfort; one ts thy comfort of a good
thing, and the other js a knowk dge of evil. If
you do that, the man ho makes the -diirts and
jackets will be continually pointing at the man
who publishes the novel and like books, and ex-
citing odium against your bill; and he will ask,
why am I taxed for this manufacture and that man
is allowed to go free ?
It may be hard to tax some things; but 1 sug-
gest to Senators that you have got to make these
taxes equal to make the people bear them with
any sort of consideration and ease, and you had
better be careful what you exempt, and see how
it is to operate. In the city of New Yoi k theie
is one rule of taxation in one dis'ri.M, and an-
other rule of taxation in another district, making
one lighter than the other, and continually ex-
citing odium against your taxation. In my judg-
ment, the worst thing we ever did for the bonds
of the country, and for the ease with which the
people could carry the bonds of the Government,
Was to exempt them from taxation, because u
allows the rich to take the bonds of your Gov-
ernmentand hold them and not be taxed fur them,
while the poor man is taxed for the labor of his
hands and the earning of his toil.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bonds are not en-
tirely exempt from taxation.
Mr. CLARK. I know they are not entirely
exempt from taxation; but we have made the bur-
den upon them very much lighter.
I feel, to some extent, the force of the argument
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
do not like to tax the Bible; I do not like to tax
the Testament; I do not like to tax parts of the
Bible and parts of the Testament which they are
printing m some of these houses and sending to
your soldiers in the field; but if you are going to
raise money to pay this debt and pay the expenses
of this war, and thus save your country, I do not
see any other way of doing it but by making
every branch of your industry bear its share of
that burden, and stand up manfully to the woik.
I beseech this Senate to pause before they exempt
any portion of the industry of the country from
this taxation, which is so necessary to pay for
our expenses.
Mr, SUMNER. The Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire pleads to have the Bible exempted from tax-
ation.
Mr. CLARK. I have not done it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator sa ys he has not
done it. Perhaps I do the Senator injustice. He
made the distinction then between the exemption
of the Bible  
Mr. CLARK. I will state what [ did say: that
1 saw some difficulties; 1 did not quite like to tax
the Bible and Testament; but I besought the Sen-
ate to pause before they made a distinction in the
branches of their industry.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Massachu-
setts does not quite like to tax the Bible. Sir, I
do not like to tax it. My proposition is broader
than his; hut ho knows very well that the real
signification of Bible is book.
Mr. CLARK. Not in our language.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not know about that.
Mr. CLARK. I do not speak of it so.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not sure about that. The
Senator does plead, however, for the manufac-
turer of the shirt, whose shop is by the Mde ot
the bookseller; but the diffoience between the
two cases is that which I have already indicated:
that if you tax the book you tax knowledge; if
you tax the shirt you but tax one of the general
manufactures of the country. The distinction
may not be accepted by all persons; and yet to
my mind it is perfectly clear. You cannot tax a
book without taxing knowledge. But it is said
that there are books that might very well be taxed
out of existence. How can you run the line?
How will you make the discrimination ? The
trouble is more than it is woith. It is belter,
therefore, to have no such tax than undertake to
Uin any such line,or make any such discrimina-
tion. A book is a booic; and there should be no
tax on a book,
Mr. JOHNSON. If I thought the proposed
tax W"u!d i>e m any way injurious to the knowl-
I'fl'it* of the country I should b-i opposed to it;
l ni 1 do not consider this a tax on knowledge at
all. It is A tax on occupation, a tax on trade, a
tax on uutnufrictuie. it is not, to take the in-
siauc.e alluded to by the honorable member, a tax
on the Bible, it is a tax on the publisher who
makes it his vocation, bis business, to publish
Bti">les, and who makes a very large profit by it.
I suppose there are some publishing houses in
the country that would make, if this tax is not
imposed, some §70,000 or $80,000more than they
will make if this tax is imposed. But there are
a variety of other books. Would the honorable
member tax law books? There are, 1 do not
know how many, but hundreds, perhaps thou-
sands of law books published every year, and the
publisheis make a profit by the publication. Is
it not fair that that business should be taxed?
Mr. SUMNER. My fiiends knows veiy well
that ihat comes out of the lawyer who is obliged
to !>u V t he book.
M r. JOHNSON. Of course it does,
Mr. vSUMN ER. And my friend knows further
that it is the policy of our institutions to make
justice cheap.
Mr. JOHNSON." It comes first out of the
lawyer; butpeihaps it comes out of the client.
[Laughter.] if the client does not pay it in ad-
vance, the client who conies next pays it. I speak
fiom some jntie experience. [Laughter.]
Now nobody would propose for a moment, in
a Christian country, that any tax should be laid
upon the Bible'; that is, to prevent the circulation
of the Bible throughout the country; but that is not
to be the effect of this tax; and let me ask the hon-
orable member, when he proposes to exempt all
books fiom taxation, why does he not suggest
the propriety of repealing the imposts upon for-
eign books?
Mr. SUMNER. I have always to a certain
extent opposed that whenever I had the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. JOHNSON. To a certain extent, but
not to an absolute extent.
Mr. SUMNER. I am ready to say to an ab-
solute extent, i was obliged to yieid to the press-
ure of others on this floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. You have not succeedcd.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I have not succeeded,
unfortunately.
M r. JOHNSON. Then there is the impost on
foreign books, and to the extent that that impost
increases the price of books of the same kind man-
ufactured here it is a tax on knowledge if the
honorable member is right in supposing that a
tax of ^his description is in the proper sense of
the term a tax upon knowledge. But as long as
you protect the American publisher by laying a
tax on the foreign publisher, and put it out of the
power of the American consumer, so to speak, to
receive the books as cheap as he would if you
had no impost tax upon books, why is it not fair,
why is it not just to make the American publisher,
who is but a manufacturer, pay for the privilege,
for the security which we give him by the foreign
impost, the same rate of taxation we impose on
everybody else who manufactures articles that
could be imported cheaper but for the duty?
But the honorable member is very much mis-
taken in supposing that this will not affect the
revenue. He said to-day, and I felt the force of
his objection, that he would not buy a picture for
§^5,0UU, $2,000 of which was to be paid annually
so that the payment would run through ten or
twelve years in this condition of the country.
When we were in a mighty war, when the credit
of the country was in a state of absolute peril, he
would notagiee even to vote an appropnation of
$25,OOJ to be expended m annual installments
of £2,000 eajh, because it would affect more or less
ihe condition of the country; and yet he proposes
now to strike out of this bill provisions which
will yield hundreds of thousands of dollars to the
Treasury. There are some publishing houses
alone that will payunderthis tax,and make money
still, from eighty to one hundred thousand dollars;
and if you except the whole of them i do not think
I can be mistaken in saying that it will nt least
ke«-p from going into theTieasury full $500,000.
The oilier day, at the instance of Uie newspapt rs
principally, the House of Repres- ntatives agreed
to reduce the duty upon imported printing paper
from twenty per cent, down to three per cent.,
and our committee proposed to change it, I believe,
so as to make it fifteen instead of twenty percent.,
being a reduction of five per cent. I understood
that after paper was cheapened, which it was
thought would be the operation of the reduction
of the tax, our people could publish just as cheap
as could be done anywhere else. Now you pro-
pose to take out of the operation of this tax al-
most everything that is printed upon paper except
newspapers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it be in order, I move
to strike outall after the word " Bibles" m the five
hundred and fifteenth line, down to the word
" schools" 
Mr. JOHNSON and others. We have not got
there yet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose to get there if
it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the pending amendment is an
amendment to an amendment, and it is not in
order to amend that.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. But the Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to strikeout a great deal.
Before that motion is put, I propose to strikeout
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order at this time. The pending amendment is
an amendment to another amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I desire to state
what I intend by my amendment. 1 am willing to
exempt the Bible from taxation, but 1 think we
had bettor not exempt any other books.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me,
I will suggest how we may get at that to accom-
plish his purpose. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts pioposes toadd words to theamendment
of the committee. Ifthat amendment is rejected,
then when we come to the clause to which the
Senator has turned his attention we can amend
that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I propose
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Massachusetts to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have only one word to say
in reply to the learned Senator from Maryland.
He does not regard a tax on books .as a tax on
knowledge. Pray, then, what is a tax on knowl-
edge? I cannot imagine any tax more directly a
tax on knowledge than a tax on books. If the
Senator from Maryland can imagine a tax more
clearly on knowledge, I.should like to have him
indicate it. Possibly he can. I believe,however,
he cannot. If we go to the experience of other
countries, I believe we shall find that books have
not been taxed. If we go to England, which is
the country where taxation has been carried to
the farthest point, we know that books are not
taxed. Weknow,also, that after a long and pro-
tracted struggle, only during this last year was
tlx^last tax on knowledge overthrown, being the
paper duty. And yet, sir, Senators propose to
take up the cast-off taxes of Great Britain and
carry them still further. Great Britain has taxed
paper, has imposed a stamp tax also on newspa-
pers, all of which have been latterly removed, but
I am not aware that Great Britain has heretofore
imposed a tax upon books. Itis reserved for this
Republic, founded on knowledge, whose duty it
is to make knowledge cheap, to impose, for the
first time, a tax on books. I hope no such thing
will be done.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against exempt-
ing from taxation any book whatever, even the
Bible. I do not believe that the m^n of the coun-
try who buy and lead the Bible will object to pay-
ing this tax. They ^ili be the last men in the
country who will object, and they arc generally
people able to pay the tax. As to a tax on a book
being a tax on knowledgeany more than is a tax
on a hat, or a coat, or a shoe, or any article that
a man wears, 1 cannot comprehend it. As to the
suggestion that we are taking up the cast-off
clothes of Great Britain, I have simply to say
that we want to raise money to carry uy through
this struggle that we are in. We are castingabout
and taxing everybody and everything. There
was a time when Great Britain was in trouble
and did the same thing, but when she got over it
she began te cast away particular taxes, and wo
