376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
the Gth instant, an extract of which, personal to myself,
is appended.
I have the honor to inquire whether your remarks are
heirf correctly reported, except, perhaps, the misprint of
fi bold" for " gold," as the remarks were quoted in other
papers; and Jilso whether there were any modifications,
explanations, or limitations made by you other than ap7
pear in this report.
The gentleman who hands you this will await or call
far an answer at any time or place you may designate.
. Very respectfully,
> BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
Major General.'
James Brooks, Membcrof the Home of Representatives.
[Extract.}
'* I am bound to say that an effort was made by the Fed-
eral Government, during the pendency of the late presiden-
tial election, to control the city of New York by sending
there a boid robber, in the person of a major general of
the United States. Robber as he was of the public Ticas-
ury, and major general of the United Stales as lie was, lie
dared not exercise the power given him to attempt to con-
trol the actions of those whom the gentleman calls thieves
and robbers in my own city."
True copy:
F. C. CLARKE, Captain and A. D. C.
Mr, BROOKS rose.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that, if that be the evidence
on which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] raises his question of privilege, it is not
sustained by the evidence.
The SPEAKER. Before deciding this ques-
tion, which affects a member of the House, the
Chair would ask the gentleman from New York
to designate which part of the letter lie regards as
an infringement of the privileges of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Section six of article one of
the Constitution, in defining the privileges of Sen-
atorsand Representatives, |>roviaes that " for any
speech or debate in either House they shall not
be questioned in any other place,"
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point, and would decide that the gentleman from
New York could, under that provision of the
Constitution, refuse to answer the question pro-
pounded by the major general. [Laughter.] But
the Chair is serious in asking the gentleman from
New York which part of the letter he regards as
bringing it within the rule.
Mr. BROOKS. If the Chair will allow me, I
will state presently.
That letter was presented to mo by a Captain
Clarke, who stated himself to be an aid-de-camp
of Major General Butler. He was dressed in the
uniform of the United States, and was in person
a very handsome gentleman, who would grace the
court as well as the camp. He was desirous of
an early answer. 1 could not like, and I do not
like, the presence of military gentlemen in the
chambers of members of the House, requiring
immediate answers, or any answer, to notes from
their superior officers, [laughter,] and I stated to
thisaid-de-camp from General Butler that I would
not give him an answer, but that in due time,
after proper deliberation and in the proper man-
ner, i wouldgive an answer to the questions which
General Butler desired to have answered. These
remarks, respecting a major general of the Army
of the United States, were made in debate, on the
floor of this House, and I do not choose to enter
into an epistolary correspondence with Major
General Butler respecting them .or any other re-
marks that I may make as a member of this House.
Here, where I made them, I then propose to an-
swer his question.
Mr, BOUTWELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman from New York is debating
the subject while there is a question of order pend-
ing before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to know the question of order before the
House.
TheSPEAICER. The Chair will state it for the
information of the gentleman and of the House.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
rises and presents as a question of privilege a let-
ter received by him from Major General Butler.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] raises a question of order and claims that
the letter, as read, does not show any breach of
the privileges of the House. The Chair stated to
the gentleman from New York that he desired to
be referred to the particular word or sentence
which* in his opinion, constituted a violation of
the privileges of the House. The gentleman then
refers to a clause in the Constitution which states
that no member shall be questioned for words
spoken in debate. To that the Chair replied that
that, of course, authorized the gentleman from
New York to refuse to answer General Butler.
The Chair does not yet see what part of the letter
is objectionable. The Chair will state, however,
that he can very well understand how a letter can
be so worded as to mean something else than that
which is apparent on the face of it; but there is
nothing in this letter which might not be properly
addressed to any member of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. If the Chair will allow me, I
will state the point which I regard as a breach of
privilege.
The SPEAICER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts raises the point of order that the gen-
tleman from New York must not debate the entire
subject, but must refer to the particular part of
the letter to which he objects.
Mr. BROOKS. I refer to the whole letter, but
particularly to the closing paragraph of it—the
letter being presented by a military gentleman in
uniform.
" The gentleman who hands you this will await
or call for an answer at any time or place you
may suggest." That is the language often used
in the duello; and if I had time to look up pre-
cedents, I have no doubt that I could find twenty
cases where duels resulted from such language
as this.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the letter, when the Chair will give his decision.
The letter was again read.
TheSPEAICER. Itappears from the letter just
read that the gentleman from New York stigma-
tized, in a speech which he made on this floor, a
certain gentleman as a "gold robber," and that
that language having been reported in the public
papers a gentleman who supposes himself to be
meant, writes the letter just read. It appears to
the Chair that there is nothing in the language
used in this letter which involves a breach of the
privilege of the House, if he ruled that it were
then he would be compelled to rule that letters
addressed by constituents to members of Con-
gress as to how they had voted or spoken on
pending propositions were also infringements
upon their rights.
We know that language, differing in some de-
gree but still somewhat of the same character, has
been used as a preliminary to further correspond-
ence under what is called the " code of honor,"
but which the Chair regards as acodeof murder.
If the Chair thought this language could be
brought within the language of what is called the
code of honor, the Chair would have decided that
the gentleman's question of privilege was well
taken. But it appears most natural, and not im-
proper, that when a person has been stigmatized
here as a gold robber, he should inquire whether
the speech which contained the report had been
correctly reported, and whether there had not
been some qualifications of such a charge made
by the gentleman from New Yotk other than in
this report. There is no menace in this inquiry
that the Chair can see. The Chair thinks the in-
quiry a natural one, and not couched in improper
language, and therefore rules that it is not a. ques-
tion of pi ivilege.
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. Is that appeal debatable ?
TheSPEAICER. It is.
Mc BROOKS. Mr. Speaker,! have received
a letter, which has been read to this House, from
a major general in the Army of the United States.
Undoubtedly he had some object in sending this
letter to me. If his object had been to know
whether I had been reported cotrectly, he could
have found the authorized proceedings of this
House in the Congressional Globe, revised by
me on that occasion, known to have been revised
by me, and which he could have learned by an
appeal to the reporters of the speech, who re-
ported me at that time. The means of obtaining
information were clear and well known to him,
and he has proved that they were well known
to him, because in the Daily Globe he read " bold
robber," and in the Congressional Globe "gold
robber," which was the language I uttered. Major
General Butler, of the Army of the United States,
has clearly and eminently shown that he has con-
sidered both reports, the one in the Daily Globe,
and the one in the Congressional Globe. So that
he knew by actual investigation and inquiry (hat
the report of my remarks were revised by myself,
and that the words used on the occasion, approved
and indorsed by me, were "gold robber." Pie
could not, therefore, have wntten this letter to
me with any desire to obtain information, for if
that were his whole object that information he
had in the authorized and official reported pro-
ceedings of this House.
If he had wanted to inform himself on the sub-
ject, the proper course was to have addressed me
as other gentlemen address me when mistakes
occur in the reports, and that is, through the
United States mads, through the city post office
here, or through some friend of his, a member
of this House or otherwise. But on Saturday last,
for purposes well known to himself, he sends to
me no civilian, no member of Congress, no letter
by the city post office or otherwise, hut as 1 was
at my breakfast an aid-de-camp, in full military
panoply and in the uniform of the United States,
and m the military service of General Butler,
came into my apartment and demands politely
but earnestly, an answer to the letter which he
handed to me. The letter Is in the ordinary form
that duelists resort to preliminary to the ar-
rangement for an apology or a fight. If I had
been a duelist I should have well apprehended
what he meant, and acted upon that apprehen-
sion forthwith. If, in other days, such a letter
had been received, written from a southern gen-
tleman to another southern gentleman, or to a
northern gentleman, the meaning of that closing
paragiaph would have been well understood,and
if I had been a party then to such a letter I should
have consulted a second, and thus have had an
immediate correspondence and communication
with the aid of Major Genera! Butler, to whom
our mutual interest would have been intrusted.
In these latter days, however, when the duel
and duelists are supposed to have departed from
the Halls of Congress, I know of no such proper
way to respond to such a letter as this here, in
person. Hence, as a member of this House, I
have never upon a question of privilege in a matter
pertaining to the freedom of debate which is guar-
antied to mc by the Constitution to say what I
have to say, with no desire to enter into any
personal or epistolary correspondence whatever
with Major General Butler, whose literary tal-
on ts I well estimate, and which, if not altogether
Chesterfieldian, have nevertheless the vigor and
verve of Junius. I chose then, as a member of
Congress of the United States, to answer this
major general of the Army of the United States
upon thisspotwherel made the remarksof which
he issupposed to complain. His upon thatgrouud
1 have appealed to the House, and ask here the
right to say whether 1 have been correct ©rincor-
rect in the language by which I impugned the
course of Major General Butler.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will thegentleman from
New York explain to the House what reason he
had for charging that Major General Butler was
a gold robber J
Mr. BROOKS. That is what I want to do,but
I cannot do it in discussing a question of order.
[Cries of " Let us hear it." " Let us have it."]
The SPEAKER. 13 there any objection to
the gentleman from New York proceeding in the
line of remaik indicated by the gentleman from
Illinois?
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman had
better confine himself to the point under discus-
sion.
Mr. BROOKS. Tlje gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is a parliamentarian of thirty years experi-
ence, and he knows that within the next thirty
houis, even if he objects now, I can say, and in
older, too, all I desire the country to know.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not know what the
gentleman may do. I can hardly tell; but 1 know
that I require that he shall stick to the text now.
Mr. BROOKS. Am I to understand that I can
or cannot answer the question of the gentleman
from Illinois, and state the reasons why I pro-
nounced Major General Butler a gold robber?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania objects.
Several Members on both sides. Suspend tho
rules; it can be done on Monday, two thirds
assenting.
