1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
merit is not sound, the conclusion does not fol-
low. If our fathers were right in establishing free
schools, I say it is right for us now to have free
books.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have listened
to this debate, and it reminds me that we are gov-
erned a great deal by names. There is a great
deal of influence in the name we give to a thing;
and this tax 011 knowledge has been held up as
one of the greatest bugbears in our path. If we
could really tax knowledge, put a heavy tax on it,
not on any of its incidents or accidents, I think it
would be one of the most fruitful sources of tax-
ation and revenue to this Government, and let
every man give in his own inventory when he
was taxed. [Laughter.] I do notknow but that
it would bear pretty heavily on some members of
this body [laughter] when we were called on to
give in our inventory of how much we knew of
certain things. It would swell up one of the most
tremendous sources of revenue we could possibly
hit.
Mr. CONNESS. It would beat Lanman's
Dictionary. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. It strikes me after all that there
is not much in it, and I cannot see myself this
distinction which my friend points out between
the boy and his clothes. Take a boy's coat and
shirt away from him, and he is in a bad condi-
tion to pursue knowledge; he would be indeed
pursuing knowledge under difficulties. It is ab-
solutely necessary that the boy should have his
clothes. These schools are generally kept in the
winter in New England, and each boy must have
a pair of new shoes or boots to go to school, and
mittens my friend [Mr. Sumner] says; and it
seems to me to be a refinement to undertake to say
that a tax on a mere book is a tax on knowledge,
and that a tax on all these incidents and accidents,
and so forth, that are just as necessary as the
book, is not a tax on knowledge. I confess that
1 concur with the Senator's colleague [Mr. Wil-
son] rather than with himself. Owing to the
Senator's experience in his early New England
life, bred up in the country, a son of the common
schools, while his more learned colleague may be
said to be the child of the universities, [laugh-
ter,] I think his experience and judgment on
this subject are worth more—I say it with perfect
kindness and great respect—and where the two
Massachusetts Senators differ I am inclined to
follow the one who S think is best qualified to
give advice, and therefore I shall vote for a " tax
on knowledge." [Lau^hterJ
Mr. FARWELL. Mr. President, I dd> not
propose to detain the Senate long, but I feel as
though 1 ought to say a word 011 the subject at
this time. 1 have a different idea about taxation
from a good many Senators if 1 have understood
them rightly. I believe that taxes are to be paid by
the labor of the country. You may raise a little
out of the great mass of wealth that has been ac-
cumulated, but I find that it is very hard to get at.
The only item of taxation that strikes directly at
the accumulated wealth of the country is the in-
come tax, and I believe it is the experience of the
tax-gatherers, and of all men of experience, and
who have observed the collection of the tax, that
that of all others is the least collected, that m the
collection of it there is the largest amount, in pro-
portion to the whole, that escapes the tax. As to
this tax upon books, it seems to me that it is one
of those taxes that will in a greater measure than
almost any other draw from the wealth and from
the accumulated wealth of the country. The
books that are bought by the poor, and that are
bought for the purpose of education, are generally
cheap books; they are not your gilt-edged books
at ten, twenty, or fifty dollars a volume, but they
are cheap books at twenty or fifty cents a volume,
which have to pay one or two cents a volume to
the Treasury under this law.
The Senator from Massachusetts who speaks
so highly of the New England provisions that
everybody should be educated at the public ex-
pense, did not go quite far enough in regard to
this measure. The New England States have
provided, every one of them, I think, that in all
cases where it is inconvenient for the parent to
provide the necessary books for his children at-
tendingthe pubhcschools they shall be purchased
at the public expense on a mere application to the
superintendent or superintendingschool commit-
tee, and it crcutcs no pauperism and no disability
with the parent, and is even not exposed to the
neighbors.
I take it that this tax upon books is not a tax
upon the manufacturers or publishers; they will j
get as much profit, in this case and in all the
other cases, as they would if there was 110 tax
on them. 1 believe that where the Government
puts on a two-cent tax, they add three cents to
the price when they sell. The tax at last is to
fall upon labor, and my vote on all these ques-
tions will be governed by the amount that can be
taken by the proposed amendment from the ac-
cumulated wealth, and thus relieve the labor and
the laboring classes.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted
—yeas 5, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Harlan, Morgan, Saulsbury, and
Sumner—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Ruckalew, Chandler. Clark,
Coilarner,Conness,<;o\van, Dixon, l''ai well, Fostei. Grimes,
Harris. Henderson," Howe, Johnson, Nye, i'omerov, Powell,
ItaniJrt'y. Sherman, Spragu<*,St<'Yvail, Tell K) ck, Van Win-
kle, Willey. Wilson, and YVnglit—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Iirown, Cailile, Doollttle, Foot, Hale,
Harding. Hendricks, llowaid, Lane of Indiana, bane ol
Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmltli, Itielianlson, Riddle,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkm&oii—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CLARK. Now, I hope the Senate will
reject the amendment of the committee in regard
to magazines.
Mr. HOWE. I differ from the Senator from
New Hampshire. 1 hope the Senate will agree
to this amendment as the Committee 011 Finance
did agree to it. I voted against the proposition
to exempt books from taxation because I believe,
as we are infoimed, that the tax on that manu-
facture is paid by the consumer, as it is paid by
the consumer on all other manufactures, and the
publishers themselves say that the manufacture
will stand the tax, and have advised us to keep it
on, and upon all books uniformly, without any
exception. 1 recently had in my possession a
communication from a large number of them to
that effect.
But our observation shows that in reference to
magazines the consumers do not pay the tax,
will not pay it, and therefore the effect of im-
posing the tax must be to close out the magazines.
That is not for the interest of the country, nor
for the interest of the revenue; for if you close
up the publication of this particular character of
literature you get no revenue, and the evidence
that consumption will not take them and pay the
tax is made most manifest to us by the fact that
of the whole number of magazines published in
the country, as I understand, there are hut two
that have, in the whole progress of this inflation
of prices, ventured to raise the price of their pub-
lications. There are just two magazines, as lam
told, that have been raised from three dollars per
year to four dollars. It is an increase of thirty-
three and a third per cent. That does not begin
to compensate for the increase 111 the price of the
material they use and the labor they employ.
Only two magazines, as I tell you, have ventured
on that increase. Thus it is made most manifest
that magazines cannot stand this tax; and there
are two reasons why, as it seems to me, we should
not crush out that kind of literature. One is that
it is a cheap form of conveying intelligence to
large portions of the community that could not
afford to take it in any other or more expensive
form. Another is, that they are the schools of
literature; a great number of talented persons, and
many of them females, are employed in writing
for these magazines, and thus earn for themselves
a subsistence, when if the magazines themselves
were crushed out by taxation, it might bediiiicult
for them to find any othervocation in which they
could make themselves either so serviceable to
themselves or so useful to the public at huge. I
know of no reason, therefore, why the Senate
should hesitate to exempt this one class of liter-
ature from this taxation.
Mr. COWAN. It stands on precisely the same
footing as the exemption of newspapers; and
there is this difference between a magazine and a
book: the book accommodates itselt to the fluc-
tuations of the currency from day to day; the
magazine, being published on a contract, having
time for its essence, it is impossible that the pub-
lisher can do that. It may be til ustrated by the last
year. On the 1st day of January, 1864, the sub-
scription to a magazine at five dollais was worth
but §325. On the 1st day of January it was §1 65,
for the reason that the currency had depreciated
during that time about fifty cents on the dollar.
There being no way in the wot Id to protect against
that, there is nothing left but for the publisher
himself to pay the tax and to pay for the fluc-
tuations. In regard to a book the price rises
precisely as the currency depreciates. If a book
be worth one dollar when currency is seventy-
five, when currency falls to fifty you can make
the price of the book a dollar and a quarter or a
dollar and a half, and it is all within the reach of
the publisher. Newspapers were exempted for
the reason that if they were not exempted, and
some protection given to them against the depre-
ciation of the currency, they would all be crushed
in these fluctuations, and if they are exempted,
magazines stand precisely on the same footing.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr.SUMNER. Will theChairbegoodenough
to state the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis proposed to in-
sert on page 22, after the word " forms," in line
five hundred and ten, the words " by striking out
of the clause relating to printed books, the word
' magazines,' and by inserting after the word
'newspapers,' the woids 'periodical maga-
zines.' "
Mr. CLARK. I find by their inquiries that
Senators do notquite understand the effect of the
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course we cannot,in a
bill framed as this is.
Mi. CLARK. The Senator from Rhode Isl-
and says of course not, for we cannot understand
(he bill; and it is not to be wondered at, in the
way that it is printed and comes before the Sen-
ate.- The committee propose toamend the bill so
as to exempt magazines from taxation. I op-
pose the exemption, and desire the yeas and nays
upon thisamendmentof the committee. Of course
those who desire the magazines to be taxed will
vote " nay." This amendment does not affect
newspapers, and there is a reason—perhaps not
a very substantial one, but a good one so far as
it goes—why magazines should be taxed and
newspapers not; and that is that the newspapers
furnish the current news of the day, and the mag-
azines are made up of stories written here and
there about the country for the amusement and
instruction of those who happen to read them. I
have only to say that if the magazine is not of
sufficient value to stand the imposition of a tax of
five per cent, ad valorem it might as well go out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
have placed magazines on the same footing with
newspapers. It is pretty difficult to defend the
exemption of newspapers from a tax. There are
vast establishments in this country, publishing
fifty thousand sheets a day, that are certainly
able to pay this tax, just as much as those who
are affected by a thousand other taxes in this bill
are able to pay them. This, however, we consid-
ered as a closed question. It was debated at the
last session,and newspapers were excepted from
the operation of the tax. Now, what is the dis-
tinction between a newspaper and a magazine?
/The one is published every month, or periodi-
cally, and the other is published daily or weekly
—they are both ephemeral in their nature—for the
information of the people. The magazines are
written almost entirely by the literary women of
the country. We were informed that nine tenths
of the matter contained 111 the magazines is wut-
ten by hteiary ladies, who depend on this for their
livelihood. We could not distinguish against
these magazines, in favor of newspapers; there-
foie we propose to put them oil the same footing,
and exempt them all. My own inclination would
rather be to put newspapers, magazines, Bibles,
Testaments, books, novels, and printed matter of
all kinds 011 the same list, subject to the same tax.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ohio is
aware that newspapers are taxed. They pay a
tax of three per cent. 011 advertisements, vvhich
is much more than five per cent. 011 subscriptions
would be. „
Mr. SHERMAN. They all pay a tax on ad-
vertisements.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is as heavy a tax as
any manufacturing business pays.
