1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
USE OF TUB IIALL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to offer a resolution?
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH asked unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Hull of the House of Representatives
br hereby tendered to Bishop Simpson oil Wednesday even-
ing, the 251 h instant, to repeat Ills lecture on the state of
the country.
Mr. COX, Mr. ANCONA, and others, ob-
iccted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the appeal from the decision of the Chair
tnlcen by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.]
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
four o'clock and thirty five minutes,) the House
adjourned. 
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 24, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, and by unanimous
consent, the Vice President was authorized to fill
the vacancy in the committee on the conduct
of the war occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Harding; and
The Vice President-appointed Mr. Bockalew.
MESSAGE FROM Till! IIOUSI!.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.R. No.
G20) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1805, and agreed to the further confer-
once asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing
votes ot' the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Messrs. R. C. Schenck of Ohio, D. W.
C. Littlejoiiv of New York, and S. J. Ran-
dall of Pennsylvania, managers at the confer-
ence on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIONED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they weie there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A resolution (S. R.No. 98) to present the thanks
of Congress to Brevet Major General Alfred 11.
Terry, and the officers and men under his com-
mand ;
A resolution (S. R.No. 99) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Rear Admiral David D. Porter,
and to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and
marines under his command for their gallantry
and good conducL in the recent capture of Foit
Fisher;
A bill (S. No. 72) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to prescube an oath of office, and
for other purposes," appioved July 2, 18G2; and
A joint resolution (PI. R. No. 140) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to give the neces-
sary notice stipulated, pending the intention of
the United States to purchase the building known
as the Merchants' Exchange, New York city,
now used for custom-house purposes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against any alteration of the duty on unsized pa-
per; which was referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of the local board
of steamboat inspectors of Philadelphia, praying
for an increase of salary; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. 110 WE. I present the memorial of S. D.
Carpenter, praying for an apprypriation to test a
new principle in the construction of gunboats. I
move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and as its subject-matter
is one of great public interest, and the theory of
the memorialist seems to be ingenious and plaus-
ible, as far as I can discover, I am requested tu
move that it be printed.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs; and the motion to print was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of Jo-
seph Nock, praying a renewal of the patent for
an improved lock granted to him July 16, 1839;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of set-
tlers in Alameda county, California, remonstra-
ting against the passage of a special act granting
the lands on which they have their homes to the
claimants of the pretended San Jose mission grant
and to tile parties claiming by purchase under
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of the
local board of steamboat inspectors of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for an increase of salary;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of New York, in favor of
the passage of the joint resolution submitting to
the Legislatures of the several States a proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United States
by abolishing slavery; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed, the subject having
been acted on by the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the memorial of
Walter Rutherford, B. G. Clark, Denning Duer,
and others, a committee of citizens of the coun-
ties of Hudson and Bergen, in the State of New
Jersey, requesting that the act of Congress of
February 21,18G3, by which the counties of Hud-
son and Bergen, in New Jersey, were made apart
of the collection district of the port of New York,
may be so amended that the assistant collector
shall have charge of loading and unloading ves-
sels to and from foreign ports and the warehous-
ing of merchandise, and that he be also empow-
ered to enroll and license vessels in the coasting
trade owned in wholeorin part in these counties,
and to do such other acts and thirfgs as will pro-
mote the interests of New Jersey and of the Uni-
ted States.
I beg leave very briefly to state in favor of this
memorial that the population of these two coun-
ties now is over one hundred and fifty thousand,
and as they lie upon the western shore of the
Hudson river and upon other important rivers,
they naturally afford most abundant facilities for
shipping and commercial business. There are
now a bi-weekly line of steamers to and from
Liverpool, and a monthly line of steamers to and
from the West Indies, arriving at and departing
from Jersey City, and a monthly line of steamers
to and from Hamburg, arriving at and departing
from Iloboken in Hudson county. There are five
different lines of important railways terminating
in the county of Hudson, by which a large share
of the products of the West, together with the
coal and iron and oil of Pennsylvania and West
Virginia, are transported to the seaboard. The
importations and exportations by foreign vessels
loading and discharging on the west shore of the
harbo?of New York are now very considerable;
and these memorialists are satisfied that if the as-
sistant collector was empowered to take charge of
the loading and unloading of these vessels and
the warehousing of merchandise in that part of
the distnct, the business would be vastly in-
CIcased, and the charges upon merchandise arriv-
ing from abroad and domestic products intended
for exportation would be greatly diminished.
I will further slate that the object of the memo-
rialists is not to change the limits of the district,
but merely to increase the power of the assistant
collector who has charge of this part of the dis-
trict. In presenting it, 1 beg leave also to call the
attention of the Senate to a clause of the ninth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution, which
declaies that " No piefercnce shall be given by
any regulation of commerce or revenue to the
ports of one State over those of another; nor shall
vessels bound to or from one State be obliged to
enter, clear, or pay duties m another." 1 move
that the memorial be referied to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present another memorial
011 the same subject, fiomthe mayot and common
council of the city of Hudson, New Jei sey; and
also one from the the town council of Bergen,
New Jersey; and also one from the mayor and
common council of Hoboken city, New Jersey,;
also one from the mayor and common council of
Jersey City, New Jersey; and also a memorial
signed by a large number of members of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey; all for the
same purpose. I move that they be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 407) to authorize the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United States
and China; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
408) in addition to the several acts for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILLasked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduces bill (S. No.
409) to incorporate the Potomac Navigation and
Transportation Company of the District of. Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
REPORTS ER0M COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 479)
for the relief of John Warren & Son, reported
adversely thereon, and moved thatifbe postponed
indefinitely; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 48)
for the relief of Aaron F. Doll, reported adversely
thereon, and moved that it be indefinitely post-
poned; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 489) for the re-
lief of D. McV. Stuart, reported adversely there-
on, and moved that it be postponed indefinitely;
which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.R. No.
387) for the relief of Solomon Parsons, submit-
ted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. Ill) for the re-
lief of Major John A. Whitall, paymaster m the
United States Army, on account of lostor stolen
vouchers, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
C59) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1866, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H.R. No. 621) making ap-
propriations for the supportof the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th of June, 18(iG,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Miii-
taiy Affairs and the Militia, to whom "was re-
ferred the petition of George W. Alien praying
for the adoption of measures for the exchange of
all the officers of Colonel Straight's command
captured near Rome, Georgia, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred I he bill
(S. No. 386) to incorporate the National Protec-
tion Insurance Company of the District of Co-
lumbia, leported it without amendment.
LECTURE BY BISHOP SIMPSON.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agrepd to:
lUsolccil, That the use of the Senate Chamber be tend-
rreil to IliMiop Simpson on to-morrow (Wednesday) even-
ing for the purpose ol delivcuni* a lectuie therein.
SYSTEM OP CHECKS IN THE TItEASUKY.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
; tioii; winch was considered by unanimous con-
ij sent, and agreed to:
!i Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be directed to
li examine the system of checks in the ofliee of the Register
