1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mi*. SHERMAN. Nearly ail manufactured
articles pay taxes in two or three forms.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, if I un-
derstand this question aright, books are taxed;
that mode in which men of thought and women
of thought communicate to others the result of
their investigations is tax^d; and newspapers,
which convoy to us the news of the day, are not
taxed; and the proposition before the Senate now
is to exempt from taxation magazines and publi-
cations of that character, and to put them upon
the same footing as the newspapers which flash
to us the news of the day. When I find that the
thoughts of the scientific man, and of the histo-
rian,and the instructions of thephilosophicmind
are to be taxed, a proposition to exempt from tax-
ation the childish trash of the day which appears
in magazines cannot receive my assent.
Who reads the sickly, sentimental magazine?
Who would read anything that appears in its
pages? 1 trust that the scholars of the Senate, the
men who pride themselves upon scholastic learn-
ing, the men who profess to have gone down to
the deep fountains of knowledge, will not tax
the books in which men of science and men of
thought, and women of science and women of
houghtmake known to mankind whatthey think.
At any rate, 1 trust that such men as these, after
voting to tax such publications as that, will not vote
to except the trash that is put forth in the maga-
zines. Sir, it is true that I take magazines. They
have come into my house, and they have come for
the amusement of my children, and if 1 choose to
take them I am willing to pay for them for the
amusement of my children. But if 1 have a leisure
moment and want to find what men of sense and
men of thought have said, and if 1 want to take
into my library for the instruction of my children,
when they shall arrive at the years of discretion
and of manhood, that which shall be of advantage
to- them, I do not refer to the magazine. -If I
would tax a book, why should 1 not tax the mis-
erable ephemeral effusions of the hour? Sir, I
sometimes, when I find them in my house, take
them up and look at them for a moment. I find
nothing of elevation of thought, nothing that can
guide ripened manhood in the discharge of its
duties; but i find sentimental love tales adapted
to young girls, and pleasing to young men who
are endeavoring to deceive young girls. If books
of thought and books of sense are to be taxed, let
the ephemeral productions of the hour be taxed
also.
1 shall therefore vote in accordance with the
suggevstion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
If the proposition could be arrived at not to tax
knowledge or information in any of its avenues,
I would vote not to tax it; I would not vote to tax
a newspaper, a magazine, or a book.
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether I have not seen his
speeches within the covers of the Continental
Monthly? [Laughter,]
Mr.SAULSBURY. Yes,sir, Humbuggcry
is the order of the hour, and I did once buy a copy
of (he Continental Monthly. Finding no sense
in it, I tore out that which was in it, and having
gome four or five speeches of my own that I had
the vanity to think there was some sense in, I
stitched them inside of the cover of the Conti-
nental Monthly. [Laughter.]
Sir, I recollect the time when the American
Review was published; I recollect the time when
I took the London Quarterly, the Edinburg Re-
view, and the North Briton. I found a great
many readable articles in them, and 1 have many
■>f those publications now in my library, from
,'hcir fiist numbers until a very rccent date, until
1 found them treating of subjects that they knew
nothing about, and advancing theories which my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania will allow
me to say do not receive such implicit faith from
htm as they do from some of his associates. 1
then ceased to take them. As a general thing, I
know now of no magazine in this country that
contains articles which a man of thought can
afford to read. They are filled with love-sick
tales that young ladies and young gentlemen may
amuse themselves for an hour in gossiping over,
instead of reading that substantial literature which
cn^itens the mind and gives to thought a tone,
that should guide it and control itand strengthen
the muid as a link to sensible con vernation. Since
such literature has taken the place of the former
literature of thecountry, and itis found in reviews
and magazines, and you put a tax upon books,
scientific books, historical books, I will not vote
to exempt from that burden such publications as
these.
Sir, the great fault of the times is, that instead
of studying the great lessons of history, the great
truths taught by history, our people are satisfied
with the ephemeral productions of the hour.
When you tax that kind of information which
enlightens the mindand ennobles the soul, do not
ask me to exempt fiom the burden of taxation
the common trash of the day, which no man of
sense has time to read or ought to read. If you
leave all free, I say to you frankly I would not
tax a book; I would not tax a newspaper; 1 would
not tax a magazine; I would let knowledge go
forth to the people through any of its avenues,
and let them learn all they can, and not put pad-
locks on the mind, but leave thought free, uncon-
fined. But if you will make a discrimination
against knowledge, against thought, and come
and ask me to cooperate in that discrimination and
in favor of that species of literature which is of
that sort that my children have not time and ought
not to read, I will not consent to the proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur with the Senator from
New Hampshire that any magazine that is not
able to pay eleven mills on a monthly number, or
one cent and one tenth, or that is not able to pay
fifteen cents on an annual subscription of three
dollars, might as well die. The Senator from
Ohio says he is unable to see any distinction be-
tween newspapers and magazines. It is very ap-
parent to my mind ,that there is just exactly the
same distinction between newspapers and maga-
zines that there is between the substantial viands
you have on your table that are necessary to sup-
port life and those luxuries that are only calcu-
lated to excite the system and produce disease in
nine cases out of ten. The newspaper has be-
come, and is to almost every man in the country,
a necessity. It contains the report of the mar-
kets; it contains what it is necessary for him to
be informed about in order to govern his every-
day transactions of life; it brings to him the for-
eign news and the domestic news; it gives him
all the county and township news; whereas the
magazine, as a general thing, especially that class
of magazines which I understand from this debate
it is more designed by this provision to protect
than any other, is only calculated, if not to de-
moralize, to impair the intellectual capacities of
their readers. 1 trust that we shall put the pub-
lishers of these magazines upon precisely the
same footing that we put the publishers of news-
papers. Let them pay their proportion of the
buidens of Government, just as much as you
compel the farmers in my State to pay their pro-
portion upon what they produce. If they cannot
make it profitable they will go into some other
business.
Mr. CONNE3S. I desire to inquire whether
the question now is on the committee's amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cowan, Farwel!,
Hann, Henderson, Howe, Sliennan, Stewart, Sumner,
Van Winkle, and IViliey—12.
NAYS — iVIessrs. Biuwu, I uckalew, Claik, Davis,
DiAun, Doolutie, Foster, Grimes, Johnson, Lane of Jn-
| tlinita, Moismh, Moral). Nye, Pomcroy. Powell,Saulsbuiy,
j Spiajjue, Ten Eyek. Wi^on, and Wuglit—90.
I ABSENT—Messrs. Carhle, Chandler, Collamer, Foot,
| Hale, Ilaidinu, Harlan, Uendnckf!, Howard, Lane of
| Kansas, MrDnuaail, Nctmith, Ramsey, Itichaidson, Rid-
dle, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN, I would like now to have
a vote on the next amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment of the committee will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
on page 22, line five hundred and fifteen,to strike
out the following proviso:
Provided. That Bibles and Testaments, or volumes con-
sit-tlnc; only of pans of either, prayer-books, arithmetics,
spelling-hooks, geographies, grammars, and school-book?$of
the kinds in common and primary schools,and ail books
printed exclusively tor the use of Sunday-schools, shall be
exempt fiom any duly or fax, anything to Che contrary not-
withstanding : Provided fvithcr, That this exemption shall
not apply to any volume which is valued at more than two
dolhiris.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope that wiii not be stricken
out. I hope the Senate will follow the House.
This wag introduced into this bill by the House,
and the question now is, whether we shall strtke
out what the House has introduced on this sub-
ject. I think we had better in that respect follow
the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rise with the consent of
the Senator from Ohio to move an adjournment;
but before doing so I move to take up Senate bill
No. 419, a bill which is upon its passage, and
upon which the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I believe that is out of order
while another motion is pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island submit a motion to adjourn?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir; but to postpone the
further consideration of this subject, and take up
Senate bill No. 419, after which I will make a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. COW AN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 27, 1865.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of Senate
bill No. 338, for the relief of Charles A. Pitcher.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 42,
noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to withdraw his objection. I do not pro-
pose to call for the previous question, but to let
the bill be discussed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object to this bill for the
reasons assigned by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary at the last session. Itwasreported against
by that committee, and that report was adopted
by the House. I have seen no reason to change
my opinion on the subject.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Hale and BoutwUll.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my motion.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill amendatory of certain acts imposing duties on
foreign importations; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I want to have
an evening session for the purpose of considering
that bill, and whatever other business may be
ready.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the evening session be
confined totheconsiderationofthe tariffbillalone.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 object until I know whatitis.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope that the loan bill will
also be considered. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is anxious about that bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think there is any-
thing in the tariff bill that gentlemen will object
to. It is not proposed to go into a general revis-
ion of the tariff at this session. Having imposed
as high duties upon liquors at home as from
abroad,and having raised the internal duties upon .
petroleum and cotton, we only change the tariffto
harmonize with the internal duties; and we pro-
vide also for a change in the mode of estimating
the value of goods imported from abroad.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the tariff bill be read, so
that we may know what it is. Reporting it now
and proposing to take action to-night is rather
rapid.
Mr. MORRILL. This is the last week of the
session.
Mr. BROOKS. Let it be read and I will with-
draw my objection.
Mr. STROUSE. I renew the objection.
