B80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
-of the Treasury, and report if any legislation is needed for
the safer keeping of the public securities there, and also
what losses, if any, of public securities have occurred in
that ofhce during the lust year, and the circumstances of
said losses.
ACTING ASSISTANT TREASURERS.
Mr. SHERMAN. X move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
689) to provide for acting Assistant Treasurers or
depositaries of the United States in certain cases.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that in case of the
sickness orunavoidable absence of any Assistant
Treasureror depositary eff the United States from
his office, he may, at his discretion, authorize the
chief clerk, orsome other clerk employed therein,
to act in his place, and to discharge all the duties
required by law of such AssistantTreasurer or de-
positary, but the official bond given by the prin-
cipal of the office is to be held to cover and apply
to the acts of the person appointed to act in his
place in such cases, and such acting officer is to
be for the time being subject to all the liabilities
and penalties proscribed by law for the official
misconduct in like cases of the Assistant Treasurer
or depositary respectively for whom he shall act.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill,
"with an amendment to strike out in line five the
words "at his discretion," and to insert " with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,"
so that it will read:
That in ease of the sickness nr unavoidable absence of
any Assistant Treasurer or depositary of the United States
fioin Ins olhee,he muy, with the approval ol the Secretary
of the Treasui^, authorize tiie chief clerk, See.
The Amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered
to be read a third time; and was read the third
time,and passed.
MISSOURI MILITIA CLAIMS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to postpone rill
prior orders and proceed to the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 359) to reimburse the State of
Missouri for moneys expended for the United
States.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that—
Immediately after its passage the President shall appoint
a commissioner, whose duty it shall be to ascertain the
amount of moneys expended by the State of Missouri in
enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and paying «uoh Stale
forces as have been called into >erviee in the State since
the U4th of August, 1861, to act in concert with the United
Stated forces in the suppression ot rebellion ugainfet the
United States.
The commissioner so appointed is to proceed at once to
examine all the iicniH of expendituie made by the State
Jor the e purpose's, allowing only lor disbursement* made
and amounts assumed by the State for rmoiling, equipping,
Bulwsung, and paying Mich tioops as weie called into ser-
vice by the Governor at the leqnest of the United Stair-,
department commander commanding the distrietin which
Missouri muy at the time have been included, or by the
ex pi ess order, consent, or concurieneeoi sueii commander.
And no allowance is to be made lor any iroops which did
not perform actual military service in lull concert and co-
operation with the authorities of the United States, and
subject to their ordeis.
In making up the account for the convenience
of the accounting officers of the Government, the
commissioner is to stale separately the amounts
expended respectively for enrolling, equipping,
arming, subsisting, and paying the troops, and
from the aggregate amount he is to deduct the
amount of direct tax due by the State to the Uni-
ted States under the act of 1861, or the act enti-
tled "An act to allow and pay to the State of
Missouri the amount of money expended by said
State in thearming and payingof troops employed
in the suppression of insurrection against the laws
of the United States," apptoved July 17,1862.
In the adjustment of accounts the commissioner
is not to allow for any expenditure or compensa-
tion for service at a rate greater than was at the
time authorized by the laws of the United States in
similar cases. So soon as the commissionershall
have made up the accountand ascertained the bal-
ance, he is to make a written report showing the
different Hems of expenditure to the Secretary of
the Treasury; and if from the report it shall ap-
pear that any sum remains due to the State, he is
to draw his warrant for the same payable to the
Governor of the State, and deliver it to him. The
commissioner to be appointed, before proceeding
to the discharge of his duties, is to be sworn that
he will carefully examine the accounts existing
between the United States and the State of Mis-
souri, and that he will, to the best of his ability,
make a just, true, and impartial statement there-
of. He is to receive such compensation for his
services as may be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The sum of $4,000,000 is appro-
priated to carry this bill into effect.
Mr. WILSON. This is a very important bill,
and 1 suggest to the Senator from Missouri to fix
a day or two hence for its consideration in order
that Senators may have an opportunity to read
the report in support of it and examine the subject
carefully. I think if the bill is taken up at this
time without that examination, it will be preju-
diced by it. The Senator had better fix Thurs-
day, or Friday, or some future day for its con-
sideration, and give notice that the bill will then
be pressed to a vote. Perhaps it would be better
to fix some day early in the next week. 1 do not
think the Senate is prepared to act upon the meas-
ure now.
Mr. HENDERSON. While the bill is up I
desire to offer an amendment to fill up the blank
in the title of an act alluded to in the third section.
The title of that act is " An act to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes,*'approved August
5, 1861. In line eight of the third section I move
to insert in the blank the words " provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," and to
insert in the blank in line nine the words "Au-
gust 5."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) That amendment will be made, if
there be no objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before any disposition
is made of the bill now before the Senate, I wish
to state that lliave no desire whatever to urge its
passage now it Senators have not examined the
report made on the subject, and I believe unani-
mously, by the Committee on Military Affairs.
It is Senate report No. 107. I am exceedingly
anxious that Senators should examine it, so that
they may understand the reasons influencing the
Senators from Missouri in urging the passage of
this bill.
It provides for the appointment of a commis-
sioner or commissioners to proceed and examine
into this matter. The Senate will remember that
during the closing days of the last session I un-
dertook to introduce a bill of a similar character,
and it was objected to. I stated then to the Sen-
ate that I feared the result of doing nothing at
that time would be to bring upon our State the
horrors of an invasion, which afterward came.
I do not suppose Senators much thought at that
time that we should have the invasion which we
had in Missouri last fall.
I will now simply state that ever since 18G1 the
department commanders in Missouri sent there
by the United States have always been appointed
ma jor generals of our State militia by an arrange-
ment that was made between the Governor of the
State and the President of the United States, and
that those department commanders from year
to year have called out the militia of the State,
which were carefully organized under an act first
of the convention and subsequently of the Legis-
lature of Missouri. They have kept large num-
bers of that mihtia in the field,and upon thecall-
ing out of the mihtia they have always required
the State of Missouri to pay them. We notonly
paid the militia out of our State treasury, the State
broken down as it was, but up to January 9,1863,
as Senators will see on page 12 of the report that
has been made by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, the militia were subsisted by the State.
Afterward, in June, 1863, General Halleek is-
sued an order that issues of clothing, camp, and
garrison equipage should be made to those troops
while actually employed, but those troops have
always been paid from the State treasury.
By examining this report the Senators will see
what the State of Missouri in its present condition
has been compelled to pay the troops called into
the field by the department commanders who have
been sent there by orders from Washington. We
could not do otherwise. Those troops have per-
formed good service, as is testified to by all the
department commanders of Missouri, General
Schofield,General Curtis,General Rosecrans, and
others; and in fact, the present commander of that
department has a large number of those troops
now in the State, and the Legislature of the State
has heretofore been compelled, and is now en-
gaged in making arrangements for the payment
of those troops. We have been taxed very heavily
in Missouri for this purpose. There is a heavy
poll tax, and a commutation tax of thirty dollars
on every man's head in the State in order to pay
these troops. They are acting under the orders
of the military commanders sent there by the
United States, and in every way have been sub-
ject to their orders. I think, therefore, that there
should be no hesitation whatever to provide for
the adjustment of these accounts.
I desire very much that this bill should be acted
upon at as early a day as possible. I do not de-
sire to urge it now if it be the wish of Senators to
postpone it in order that they may examine the
report on the subject which accompanies the bill.
The report states all the facts, and states them
fully.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this matter will be
attended toatany rateata very early day. 1 know
the condition in which the action of our Govern-
ment has left the State of Missouri. I have seen
the effect of it; and I think it is absolutely neces-
sary, in order to save that State in her finances,
that we should pass a measure of this kind. 1 do
not know precisely what amount should be ap-
propriated, but a measure of this kind ought to be
passed at an early day. I hope if the bill is to be
postponed, that it will not be postponed for many
days. If the Senators from Missouri desire to
have it postponed fora few days, I certainly shall
not press any reasons why we should pass the bill
now; but if it is to be acted upon to-day I shall
give some reasons why I think it ought to be
passed.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to press this
bill at the present time, for evidently Senators
have not had an opportunity of examining the
merits of it. 1 desire simply to call the attention
of the Senate to the report which was made from
the Committee on Military Affairs covering this
case, and setting forth the evidences and grounds
upon which the bill is predicated. I trust Sena-
tors will give the report their attention, for the
reason that this bill rests upon special grounds
which cannot perhaps be well understood with-
out examining the facts there stated.
It is very important to our State that this mat-
ter should be adjusted, and adjusted as speedily
as possible, because it is the initial point in all
reform of the present distressed financial condi-
tion of that State. It is impossible to make any
movement to rectify the financial condition of our
State there without having this initial measure
first passed, for the reason that the Union military
bonds with which our troops have been paid are
made payable for taxes,and we are now receiving
nothing but them in taxes. Until we can have
some mode of funding them, and enabling us to
get taxes in money, we can do nothing; at all. I
move that this bill be made the special order for
Tuesday next. I would name an earlier day,
Monday or Friday, if it were not for the fact that
I expect to be absent from the city on both those
days, and I would be glad to be present when the
bill is taken up. I move that it be made the special
order for Tuesday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate agreeing thereto.
SLAVES TAKEN INTO THE ARMY.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the jointresolution (S. II. No.
97) advising retaliation for the cruel treatment of
prisoners by the insurgents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out all of the
resolution after the enacting clause, and insert
what I send to the Chair.
Mr. POWELL. With the indulgence of the
Senator from Ohio, I desire to ask the Senate to
take up a resolution of inquiry which I submitted,
yesterday. 1 am sure it will occasion no debate.
Mr. WADE. I am willing to give way if, by
so doing, I do not displace the measure which I
have called up.
Mr. POWELL. I do not seek to displace that.
I move to take up the resolution I offered yester-
day calling upon the Secietary of War to state
