1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8:81
why he 1ms not appointed a commission, in obe-
dience to the twenty-fourth section of the act of
February 24, 16G4. That section is:
"The Sccietaiy of War shall appoint a commission in
cach of the slave States icpi evented m Congress, charged
to aw.ml to each I<>> al petsou to whom a eolored volunteer
may owe? service a just compensation, not exceeding $300
Jot each such eolored volunteer, pa}Tabie out of the tund
deiived fiom commutations," &e.
That commission has not been appointed. J
do not know why the Secretary has neglected to
dischmge that duty. This resolution merely in-
quhed why it has not been done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Chair will entertain the mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky, if there be no
objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. Powell:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be directed to in-
fonn the Senate whj he lias not appointed A commission
In end) of the slave States represented in Congress charged
to awanl to each loyal person to whom a coloied volunteer
may owe s-eivice a just compensation, not exceeding $'300
lor each colored volunteer,''as lie was duected to do by
the twenty-lout th section of the act approved February24,
18Gi, entiiied '-A:i act to amend an act entitled 'An act tor
(■moiling and calling out Hie national lorce&, and lor other
puiposje*,' appioved March 3, 18G3."
Mr. WILSON. I am opposed to the passage
of the resolution. There is censure in it, by im-
plication, of the Secretary of War, and I think
we have had quite enough of that here. It has
got to be quite fashionable to get up here and by
resolution or by speech censure the Secretary of
War for not making reports or taking action that
it is thought devolves upon him. i think that
resolutions should not be passed in the Senate
which censure or which can be construed as cen-
suring the Secretary of War, pressed as he is and
toning as lie is toiling for the country. For one
I am opposed to the passage of this icsolution or
any resolution that lias in it anything that looks
like a censure of the Secretary of War for his ac-
tion in this matter. I was surprised and grieved
the other day to hear the Secretary censured m
the Senate for not making reports, reports that
he could not make because he had to send out of
his Department to get the facts of the case be-
fore he could make them. Every part of theSec-
R-Uuy's office, evei ybody in it is worked and
pressed as perhaps is the case in no othei Depart-
ment of this Government. When we send there
for information, it has to be gathered up; officers
have to be set upon it; and [ think proper tune
should be given. Now, sir, I know nothing about
this case, but 1 take K that the Secretary of War
intends to obey the laws of the country. At any
rate I am opposed to passing a resolution that
on the very face of it is a condemnation of the
Secretary of War for non-action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order which was
assigned for that hour, which is the bill (II. R.
No. 307) to regulate commerce among the several
States.
Mr. WADE. The joint resolution which I
moved to take up was taken up, and I allowed it
to give way to the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky, supposing that that would not lead to
debute. 1 suppose the Senator ftoia Kentucky
will not press it under the circumstances.
Mr, POWELL. I will not press itnowundcr
ihecitcumstances,and I should nothaveappealed
to the courtesy of the Senator from Ohio ro ena-
ble me to call it up if I had not supposed that it
would not lead to debate. I should like, how-
ever, to be allowed to make a single remark in
reply to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WADE. I fear that I shall lose thechance
to have my joint resolution considered if I give
way.
Mr. FOSTER. You have lost it already.
Mr. WADE. Only by common consent.
Mr. FOSTER. The special order has put it off.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky may proceed by common con-
sent.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will indulge
me m one minute's remark. I do not intend to
make a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection; the Senator from Kentucky
will proceed.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massachu-
setts objects to the passage of the resolution be-
cause, he says, it is a censure of the Secretary of
War. I intended no censure of the Secretary of
War in the matter, but I am free to say that if I
thought lie deserved censure, I would be willing
to censure him. The law i have just read makes
it the duty of the Secretary to appoint a commis-
sion to do a certain thing. This law has been on
the statute-book now nearly a year. It is a mat-
ter of very deep moment to my constituents, and
I have been written to almost every week since I
have been here by persons who wish to know
why he has not complied with the law. The ob-
ject is not to censure him; but we certainly have
a right, after this long lapse of time, to ask the
Secretary why he has not complied with the im-
perative requirements of the law. That is all
theie is of it.
There arc a great many persons in my State
deeply interested in having this law carried out.
We want this commission appointed. The only
means I know of to ascertain why it has net been
appointed is for me to offer a resolution, in no
language of censure, but simply calling for the
information, and I certainly see no reason why
the objection taken by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts should prevail. It is obvious that the
law says the Secretary of War shall appoint this
commission; the law has been upon our statute-
book nearly a year, and yet he lias notappointed
it. I simply inquire of him why he has not done
it. That is ali. If that is a censure, let it be so;
I can only say that it was not my object to cen-
sure anybody. It is a matterofdeep importance
to my constituents and the constituents of other
gentlemen from the border States. I will not
press it now if there is to be further debate, as the
Senator fiom Ohio yielded to me as a matter of
courtesy the right to take up this resolution while
another subject was pending of which he has
charge.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest, then, to the Senator
from Kentucky, as he does not intend to press
the resolution now, if it leads to debate, that he
let it lie over, for certainly in the minds of some
of us it conveys a very severe censure on the Sec-
retary in its present form. The point is that the
Secretary shall inform the Senate why he has not
done a ceiLun thing, as he was required by law
to do.
Mr. POWELL. Yes.
Mr. CLARK. It is not very courteous, in my
judgment, in Us expression. 1 think it implies a
censure, and a very giave censure. We have no
official information that he has not done it. It
would be certainly much more courteous to in-
quire of the Secretary whether it has been done
or not, and if not, what were the reasons for not
doing it.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to amend the
resolution as the Senator suggests.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to amend it
at this time, because it will require a re-draft of
the resolution, but if the Senator will let it he we
can frame it in some form that will not imply a
censure, and then I shall have no objection to it.
Mr. POWELL. I will let it lie for the present.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPher^ojj, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 143) to facilitate the adjustment of certain
accounts of the American Colonization Society,
for the support of certain recaptured Africans in
Liberia.
RETALIATION ON KEGEL PRISONERS.
Mr. WADE. I now move to postpone the spe-
cial order, and all other orders, with a view to
take up the joint resolution to which 1 alluded be-
fore.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) ad-
vising retaliation for the cruel treatment of pris-
oners by the insurgents.
Mr SUMNER. I now ask that the-amend-
ment which I have sent to the Chair be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which is to strike out all after the resolving clause j
of the resolution, and to insert the following: j
That retaliation is harsh ahvajs, even in the simplest j
cases, and is permissible only where, in the first placc, it 1
may reasonaby be expected to affect its object, and whore,
in the socond place, it is consistent with the usages of civ-
ilized society; and that, in ihe absence of these essential
conditions, it is a useless baibarfcm, having no other end'
than vengeance, which is forbidden alike to nations and
to men.
And be it further resolved, That the treatment o,f our of-s
ficers and soldiers in rebel prisons is cruel, savage, and
heart-rending, beyond ail precedent; that it is shocking to
morals; that it is an oftense against human nature itself;
that it adds new guilt to the great crime of the rebellion,
and constitutes an example fiom which history wiiJ turn
with sonow and disgust.
Jintl be it fin t her resolved^ That any attempted imitation
of rebel barbarism in the treatment ot prisoners would be
plainly impracticable,on account of its inconsistency with
the prevailing sentiments of humanity among us; that it
would be injurious at homo, for it would baibarize the
whole community; that it would be utterly useless, for it
could not affect the cruel authors of the revolting conduct
which we seek to overcome; that it would be immoral,
inasmuch as it proceeded from vengeance alone; that it
could have no other result than to degrade the national
character and the national name, and to bring down upon
our country the icprobation of histoiy ; and that being thus
impracticable, useless, immoral, and degrading, it must be
rejected as a measure of retaliation, precisely as the bat bar-
ium of roasting or eating prisoners is always rejected by
civilized Povveis.
And be it further resolved, That the United States, filled
with grief and sympathy for cherished citizens who, as offi-
ces and s-uldieis, have become the victiuis of Ileaveu-
defying outiage, hereby declare their solemn determination
to put an end to this great iniquity by putting an end to
the rebellion of which itw the natural mut; that to se-
em o this humane and righteous consummation, they pledge
anew their best eneigies and all the resources of the whole
people, and they call upon all to bear witness that in this
nec«5>i>ary warfare with baibarism they renounce all venge-
ance and every evil example, and plant themselves firmly
on the sac-ed land mat ks of civilization, under the protec-
tion of that God who is present with every prisoner and
enables hetoic souls to suffer lor their country.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolutions which I have
moved as a substitute explain themselves; per-
haps it is hardly necessary that I should add
another word; and yet, if the Senate will pardon
me, I will call attention briefly to the natuie of the
ouginal resolution before them, and also I will
add one word of illustration from some of those
authorities to which we are in the habit of refer-
ring on such matters.
The resolution of the committee sets forth what
we all too painfully know, that our prisoners—I
quote now from the words of the resolution—"have
been subjected to treatment unexampled for cru-
elty in the history of civilized war, and finding
its parallels only in the conduct of savage tribes;
a treatment resulting in the deatli of multitudes
by the slow hut designed process of starvation,
and by mortal diseases occasioned by insufficient
and unhealthy food, by wanton exposure of their
persons to the inclemency of the weather, and by
deliberate assassination of innocent and unoffend-
ing men; and the murder, in cold blood, of pris-
oners after surrender."
After setting forth in the preamble the treat-
ment to which our soldiers, their prisoneis, have
been subjected, the resolution proposes that we
on our part, by way of retaliation,should imitiate
this example. It expressly declares that certain
officers now in our custody "ought to be sub-
jected to like treatment practiced toward our offi-
cers or soldiers in the hands of the insurgents, in
respect to quantity and quality of food, clothing,
fuel, medicine, medical attendance, personal ex-
posure, or other mode of dealing with them;" and
" that with a view to the same ends, the insur-
gent prisoners in our hands ought to be placed
under the control and in the keeping of officers
and men who have themselves been prisoners in
the hands of the insurgents, and have thus ac-
quired a knowledge of their mode of treating
Union prisoners; that explicit instructions ought
to be given to the forces having the charge of such
insurgent prisoners, requiring them to carry out
strictly and promptly the principles of this reso-
lution in every case." Thus, accoiding to the
requirements of this resolution, rebel prisoners
in our hands are to be subjected to a treatment
"finding its parallels"—I adopt the words of
the committee—"finding its parallels only in the
conduct of savage tribes," and they are to be sub-
jected to a treatment, in the words of the reso-
lution, " resulting m the death of multitudes by
the slow but designed process of starvation, and
by mortal diseases occasioned by insufficient and
unhealthy food;" and still further by "wanton
exposure of their persons to the inclemency of
the weather." I will not proceed any further
with these details, all of which will be found iu
the preamble to this very resolution.
