1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
The SPEAKER. An evening session can be
ordered by a majority vote.
Mr. MOIltllLL. I move that the House take
a recess from half past four o'clock, p. m,, till
sever: oVlc^k, p. m., in order that there may be
an evemr.g session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the even-
ing session tins evening be set apart for the con-
sideration of the tanfi' bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will the bill be
printed ?
Mr. MORRILL. It will.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICE,of Massachusetts. I ask that by
unanimous consent to-morrow evening be set
aside for the consideration of business from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If Uie gen-
tleman will except the bill for the relief of the
builders of the iron-clads I will not object.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have no au-
thority to except anything. I was directed to
ask this permission.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman propose to bring that matter before the
House?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. There is abill
of that nature before the Senate, and if it comes
from the Senate to the House between this time
and that it will be beyond my control.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will not suspend the rule as broadly as the
gentleman asks. If the motion is voted down, 1
will then move to suspend the rules for that pur-
pose, with the exception I have mentioned.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now move
that to-morrow evening be specially assigned for
the consideration of business from the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman yield a mo-
ment?
Mr. STEVENS. For what?
Mr. HALE. I want to ask unanimous con-
sent that the morning hour to-morrow be devoted
to receiving reports of bills of a private nature.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the House has ordered that the morning hour
shall not be interfered with. The Chair would
also state that it is doubtful whether any morn-
ing-hour business will be transacted during the
remainder of the session.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
CLAIMS OF KENTUCKY AND MISSOURI.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill of the House (No. 359) for
reimbursing the States of Kentucky and Missouri
moneys expended in organizing, arming, and
equipping troops, and that the same be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. That bill has been referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MALLORY. It has, but 1 want to have it
slighily changed, and therefore I want it recom-
mitted.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of said bill, and
the same was recommitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. C88)
making appropriations for the construction, p.es-
ervation, and le'patr of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, for the year ending the
39th yf Jtme,
The committee recommend concurrence in all
the Senate amendments.
The appropriations of the House are all cut
down one half by the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 would ask whether any
appropriations have been entirely cut off, or
whether they are nil there but only cut down ?
Mr. STEVENS. They are all in the bill, but
are reduced just one half, except the first one,
which is reduced from $125,000 to $75,000.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he thinks it is proper that the
deduction of one half should be made indiscrim-
inately. There are places on the coast—for in-
stance, the city of New York—where fortifica-
tions of very great importance are in progress;
the safety both of the city and, to some extent,
the State, is involved. It seems to me there ought
to be some discrimination made. Has the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means carefully considered
the subject ?
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate cut down all the
appropriations one half; and upon an examina-
tion, the Committee of Ways and Means were
rather of opinion that what was left was as much
as could be profitably expended during the year;
and hence they agreed to concur in the amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Senate were all con-
curred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the vote by which
the amendments were concurred in be reconsid-
ered; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back Senate amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, I860'.
No objection beingmade,theamendments were
considered in the House.
First amendment:
At the end of the bill strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That no money apptopriated by tins act shall
be u=>ed for the puipose of paying any lailway company
for the transportation of property or troops of Hie United
States, when such company may have accepted a grant of
lands from Congress upon condition of furnishing said
transportation free of toil or other charge, except in such
cases as have been modified by act of Congress.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add the following as an additional action ;
And he it further enacted, That to supply a deficiency in
the appropriations for the currant fWal year for oidnance,
ordnance stores, and supplier, including the purchase and
manufacture of arms, accoutcrments, and horse equip-
ments for volunteers and regulars, the sum of $7,000,000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treaa,uiy not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of "Ways and Means [Mr.
Stevens] whether this is a second deficiency
item—one in addition to what was originally in
the deficiency bili?
Mr. STEVENS. It is.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate. The question will
be upon concurring in the amendment of the
Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert the following:
And be it f urther enacted, That fiom and after the 1st day
of March, 1863, and during the continuance of the present
rebellion, the commutation piice of officers.' subsistence
shall be fifty cents per lation : Provided, That said increase
shall not apply to the commutation price of the rations of
any officci .ihove the rank of brevet biigadicr general, or of
any otlicfu entitled to commutation for fuel or quarters.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert the following:
That all officers of volunteers now in commission, be-
low the rank of biigadier gcncial, who shall continue m
the military service to the close of the war, shall be en-
titled to receive, upon being mustered out of said service,
three months.' pay piopet.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was nonconcured in.
Fifth amendment!
Insert the following:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That commissioned
officers of the Army, serving in the field, shall hereafter
be permitted to purchase rations for their own usu, oft
credit, from any commissary of subsistence, at cost prices,
and the amount due for rations so purchased shall be re-
ported monthly to the Paymaster General, to be deducted
fiom the payment next following sneh purchase. And the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to issue such'orders
and legulations as he may deem be&t calculated to insure
the proper observance hereof.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrcnce in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment;
Insert the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and directed to cause tobacco to
be lurnished to the enlisted men of the Army at cost prices,
exclusive of the costof transportation, in such quantities as
they may require, not exceeding sixteen ounces per month,
and the amount due therefor j hall be deducted from their
pay in the same manner a&at present provided foi the set-
tlement of clothing accounts.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in thisamend-
ment, with an amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was read,
as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the
amount heiembefore appropriated for the pay of the Army
the sum of $36,000,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated.
Mr. STEVENS. I send to the Clerk's desk a
letter from the Secretary of War, which I ask to
have read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, February 21,1865.
Sir : The Paymaster General recommends an additional
appropriation of §36,000,000 for the pay of the Army to the
end ot the present fiscal year. This appropriation will be
required for the payment of troops and bounties m conse-
quence of the augmentation of the foices.
I respectfully ask that the appropriation be made.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Tjiaddeus Stevens,
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens]
if the numbers of the Army are really augmented.
Mr. STEVENS. I must say to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] that 1 do not know
how to find out that fact. 1 have not been able
to ascertain on& way or the other. They are
presumed to be. If all that have been called for,
and all that have been enlisted,can be found, then
the numbers have been augmented. They have
madethe calculation,supposing that to be the fact.
Whether it is actually so or not remains yet to
be seen.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to get that fact out mora
explicitly before I vote for this increase, i would
ask if any gentleman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs can inform the House whether the
numbers of the Army are really augmented. This
additional appropriation of $36,000,000 for addi-
tional pay is an enormous appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. There has been a new call
for three hundred thousand men.
Mr. GARFIELD. We increased the pay of
soldiers last winter, and that would make a very
considerable increase in the appropriation, even •
if the numbers were not increased.
Mr. BROOKS. That was included in the es-
timates brought m at an early stage of the session,
both in the deficiency bill and the regular appro-
priation bill. However, 1 do not know that we
can get any more light upon the subject; and per-
haps the less light the better. Let it go.
Mr. STEVENS. You have all the light I have.
The amendment to the amendment of the Senate
was agreed to.
Theamendment of the Senate, as amended, was
concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the va-
rious votes upon the amendments of the Senate;
and also move that the motion to reconsider belaid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC COAL LANDS AND TOWN PROPERTY.
Mr.HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 380, being an act supplemental .to the
act approved July 1, lcf>4, for the disposal of coal
