1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
it will prevent theenemy practicingthesebarbari-
ties. It has grown up and become part and par-
cel of the well recognized international law, not
because it is mere vengeance, but because it is
supposed to grow out of the necessity of the case
and because it is supposed that it does interpose
a remedy for these inhumanities. 11 is with that
view alone that I urge it.
I know that the letter which the Senator read
is not the only declaration on this subject that
the fdther of his country made. If i am not
greatly mistaken,he wrote a lettertoLord Howe
ear}y m the war, saying, " Your treatment of our
prisoners will be my measure of treatment to
yours."
Mi. COLLAMER. The exact words were,
"Your conduct will govern mine."
Mr. WADE. That is better expressed still:
your conduct toward our prisoners will govern
mine toward yours. So I ask the American peo-
ple to say to this confederacy, " Your tieatment
of our prisoners will be the measure of our treat-
ment to yours." But the Senatorsays they have
become so inhumane, so outrageously and sav-
agely barbarous, that we must drop the great
principle and suffer the evil to go on. He says
that in very slight cases of inhumanity the prin-
ciple is proper, but when you come to the most
savage, where the necessity is seven-fold more
than in other cases, you must quit the principle
itself. Is that sound logic or law? You do not
find it in any of your books. The Senator's
learning, winch I admit is great, can find no such
limitation of this principle of war. When you
investigate this principle, if you stop for a mo-
ment 10 analyze it, you will find that war itself
is nothing else than the exercise and piactice of
the principle that I am now urging upon the Sen-
ate, and, of course, the greater the abuse the
greater the necessity for putting an end to it by
applying the remedy.
1 have said that it is nothing more than the
principle of war as carried out in practice. I ask
why have we engaged in war? Because our en-
emies commenced an unprovoked assault upon
us. Was it not that? I am opposed to all of-
fensive war. 1 do not believe there is any ne-
cessity for any offensive war. But, assuming this
war on our pait to be defensive, as it is, and that
we are entirely in the right, as we are, why have
we waged a defensive war? The enemy com-
mences an attack upon us, murders our men,
seizes our properly, and what are we to do? If
we kill him, is it not retaliation? If we go on
and destroy his property, in oider to limit his
power for destruction, is that revenge?
Su, there is nothing m the jnmciple which I
advocate on this occasion mote or los than the
principle of war itself, which isa pi inciple of foice
against force limited by nothing except it he the
power of one party to injure the other. No man
regrets more the necessity of such a measure as
this than I do; but 1 know it is a necessity. In-
humanity, suffering from barbarism, will not be
increased by adopting this principle, but will be
greatly diminished and probably put an end to
by it. The expedience of all civilized nations has
shown that it is a remedy; and the principle is
adopted universally, because long practice has
shown that it is a remedy; and for this reason it
has become a part of the law of nations.
Have we not practiced it in this very war? I
remember many a military order issuingfrom our
officers in the field where men have been mur-
dered by guerrillas declaring what punishment
should follow, and we have sometimes taken out
two men, that were in our hands, in no way con-
nected with the muider or depredation we com-
plain of, and killed them for the murder of one of
of our men by guerrillas. For the murder of two
we have killed four, and we ate to-day practicing
upon that principle by which we have almost put
an end to guerrilla warfare in some of the States.
I wonder that the Senator from Massachusetts
does not know that that is our practice. If we
can take life in retaliation and to prevent such
depredations,can we not resort to remedies short
of the taking of life to effect the same thing?
It all results in this, if thete is any bono that by
practicing retaliation we shall succeed in putting
an end to these horrors and barbarities the meas-
ure is perfectly justifiable, and we are exceedingly
wrong if we do not adopt it.
I know that it is called for as a measure of re-
dress from every part of the country. The peo-
ple are amazed that we suffer these barbarities to
be inflicted on our soldiers without any attempt
whatever to invoke international law in their
behalf. We sit here with our arms folded; and
my friend from Massachusetts, pursuing what
he thinks is a principle .of humanity, would fold
his arms still longer and say we are utterly pow-
erless to do anything, while thousands and tens
of thousands of our brave soldiers are suffering
everything short of death, yea worse than death
itself. Now, is it any harder for a rebel soldier
or officer to suffer some of these things than it
is for our poor brave men who are battling in the
cause of their country, to be subjected to them?
Is all your pity expended upon these barbarians,
and have you none for our own brave soldiers
who are suffering in our cause? Do you add any-
thing to human woe and suffering by inflicting
retaliation on those who, by raising their hands
against their Government, have justly forfeited
their lives? These criminals must be treated
with the greatest humanity! Hands off! Pam-
per them so that they may go back again as sol-
dieis to fight against us, while our poor men are
suffering death by inches! We are to fold our
arms and tell the poor soldier, " We will not raise
an arm in your behalf; it would be inhuman;"
and thereby we encourage these barbarians to go
on in their accursed course with impunity, and
without any apprehension that they will meet
with the like treatment at our hands.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am as much
in favor of retaliation as anybody, I think, can
be. I am in favor of it, because it is the only
sanction which is possible in the laws of nations;
theie is no othei way by which we can enforce
those laws. 1 beg leave, however, to differ some-
what from the ptinciple laid down by the Senator
from Ohioas to the manner in which thatretalia-
tion should be administered. If I understand him
conectiy, he takes the ground that the retaliation
should be in kind; that is, m order to retaliate,
we should do precisely the same things to rebel
soldiers which the rebels do to ours.
Mr. VV ADE. I barely laid that down as a rule,
and 1 understand that to be the way it has been
piaUiccd and become a part of international law.
I suppose, however, any other mode that should
be thought better, would be acceptable.
Mr. COWAN. I merely wish to speak to that,
because 1 understand thatis the principle involved
in the proposition which the Senator advocates;
that is, if the confederate States of Amei ica starve
our soldiers, we aie therefore justified, or indeed
bound, if we undertake to enforce the laws of na-
tions, to starve their soldiei s. I think that is not
a coirect principle. I think there are thousands
of cases in which it would be totally inapplicable.
Mr. WADE. I think the gentleman does not
understand me exactly. It is true that this joint
resolution contemplates retaliation in kind. If,
however, any other mode that he can suggest
would be more effectual than the particular one
laid down heie, very well. It would be perfectly
in accordance with international law, I suppose,
and might be better adapted to the case than this,
Mr. COWAN. Mr. Piesident, I am opposed,
then, to the mode contemplated in this resolu-
tion. i know there was a tune m the history of
the world when an eye for an eye and a tooth for
a tooth was the lex talionis of the universe; but,
as I understand, that law, by a higher authority
than ours, has been abrogated; and i suppose
that if we were as perfect as He who abrogated
that law, we should perhaps find another rule;
hut we are not, and weuie still obliged, in Older
to enforce the laws of nations, to resort to some
mode of retaliation. I am willing that any mode
shall he adopted which can be executed hy our
own people; but I would desire to ask those who
advocate this measure whether it is possible that
American officers and American soldiers, even
those who have suffered all these barbarities at
the hands of the rebels, could be induced to starve
a rebel soldier ?
Mr. WADE. There would be no difficulty
about it.
Mr. COWAN. I think there would be a great
deal of difficulty. I think it would be impossible
to procure in the American Army an officer or a
soldier either, who would stand by and see a man
starve—a man, sir! particularly when it is admit-
ted thatthat man, individually, may be as innocent
as you or I. Mr. President, for the sake of my
country, of my people, of our race, I do not be-
lieve that it is possible. I am willing to believe
that Senators upon this floor feel as sensibly and
as acutely as anybody living the sufferings which
our soldiers endure; and yet I am satisfied that
there is not a Senator upon this floor who could
stand by coolly and deliberately and see a rebei
soldier starve withoutattempting to feed him. It
is not the kind of retaliation which we are to ex-
ercise upon an enemy. A file of our soldiers may
shoot a man to the death in retaliation, but our
soldiers arc not to turn the executioners of a slow
and terrible torture. My object is to save them,
not to save the enemy, but to save ourselves and
to save the instruments which we would use for
the purpose of enforcing this retaliation. I will
agree to anything honorable, anything manly,
anything effective which will not destroy for our-
selves that self-respect which it is due to our-
selves a*nd to all other people that we should main-
tain for ourselves.
Mr. President, I am one of those, unfortunately,
perhaps, who differ with a great many Senators
on this side of the Chamber, in believing that in
the distribution of powers and authorities under
this Government this is a question which does
not belong to this Senate to consider. I have un-
deistood it to be admitted in the course of this
debate by the honorable Senator from Ohio, as it
must be admitted by all men "who know of our
Constitution and the peculiar organization of our
Government, that if we retaliate atall we retaliate
according to a law already in existence, not one
which is to be made. What is meant when it is
said to us that we are to retaliate according to the
law of nations ? Is that a law in existence, or is
it a law to be enacted ? If it is a law in existence,
this not being an executive body, but legislative,
there must be some other power, and some other
authority in this Government to exercise it. As
I understand this question, it is a question forthe
Commander-in-Chief of our armies and his sub-
ordinates. It is an authority to be exercised by
them according to the exigencies which arise, and
to be abandoned by them as the exigencies fail to
happen.
Air. WADE. Do I understand the Senator to
lay it down that Congress has no power to pre-
scribe the piinciples upon which the war should
be conducted ?
Mr. COWAN. I have repeatedly upon this
floor given my opinion distinctly upon that sub-
ject. So far asall foreign Powers are concerned,
and so far as all belligerent Powers are con-
cerned, at war with this Government, our only
point of contact with them is in the Executive.
Wc arc a part of the legislature of the country;
we are a part of the law-making power. Our
powers and authorities are municipal. Our en-
actments reach those against whom we can
enfoice them, and those against whom we can
enforce them are, of course, those who owe us
allegiance and are citizens; but as against belli-
gerents and as against foreign Powers they can
have no possible opeiation whatever. But I an-
swer the question sufficiently when I say that the
honorable Senator from Ohio himself has repeat-
edly said that we do this thing because we have
a right to do it, by a law preexisting, heretofore
made, and that is the law of nations. Then, if
wc have a right to do it by the law of nations, we
need no additional law to do it. We make laws;
we do not execute laws.
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I find he does not understand my aigument, I
suppose we may, if we think proper, by an act
of Congress change the law of nations so far as
respects us, and all nations must abide by it so
far as our power extends. We might alter the
law of nations if we would. Nor did I invoke
the law of nations for this. I only alluded to the
law of nations to show that the practice which I
advocated was not new nor unknown to the laws
of war; that is all.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, i agree we
might do a great many extiaordinary things; we
might do a great many foolish things; we might
do a great many barbarous things; things which
would bring down upon our heads the odium of
the civilized world if we were of accord to do it;
but what I mean to say is, that the legislative de-
partment of this Government have no power to
do that thing; and that in order that we should
