1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
tfse of members. Every State and Territory in
the Union should have a file of its public docu-
ments in the Capitol, but the officers of the Library
have been for years deterred from seeking these
additions, because there was not room enough to
contain them.
The appropriation required is not unreasonably
high, as may be seen by comparing the cost of
similar library accommodations elsewhere. The
new reading-room of the British Museum (con-
structed entirely within the old edifice) cost
<£100,000, or $500,000. The Boston Public Li-
brary building cost (exclusive of the ground)
$240,000. The sum of §160,000, although large
in itself, is not so in comparison with the great
object of providing safe and permanent room for
this rich historical collection, which is rapidly in-
creasing, and much of which, if destroyed, could
never be replaced.
I think it is unnecessary to say anything more
upon this subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move, pro
forma, to increase the amount $1,000. I do not
suppose that there is any doubt that this Library
building may be improved; perhaps there is a ne-
cessity for this additional room. But I do say
that i think we can get along without ita year or
two longer as well as for the past two or three
years; and that m one year from this time an ap-
propriation of$100,000 would do the same amount
of work that $160,000 will now do.
Mr. SPALDIjNG. I wish to ask if this appro-
priation will add anything to the security of the
Library as it now is?
Mr.'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think my-
self the Library is sufficiently secure. This may
add to the security of the Library, but I think it
is sufficiently secure now for all practical pur-
poses.
Mr. FRANK. In reply to thegentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] I would state that only
about one half of the books connected with the
Librai y, or belonging to the Library, are now in
the fire-proof apartment. The other half are
stored away m other rooms, liable to be destroyed
by fire, as books were many years ago. This
appropriation is designed to make it all fire-
proof.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think no gentleman will
deny that any number of books left in a wooden
receptacle are liable to destruction by fire. There
is scarcely a library in the country, collegiate,
State, or national, that has not, at some time,
suffered to a gteater or less extent by fire. And
it is true that to-day you cannot find a single per-
fect set of the official archives of the Government
anywhere in existence, because in 1851, under cir-
cumstances similar to those now existing, nearly
the half of our Congressional Library was de-
stroyed by fire. Now, when we have forty
thousand books lying in a wooden receptacle, to
leave them thorp liable to be burned 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Where are
those forty thousand volumes at this time?
Mr. GARFIELD. All the books of the Library
which are outside the fire-proof apartments of the
Library are exposed to this danger, If the gentle-
man will go through the wings of the building on
either hand of the fire-proof apartment of the
Library, he will find these cords and cords of our
most valuable books stacked up on the floors.
There is absolutely not even shelf room for them.
And u is impossible to get at some of them with-
out disturbing a pile of books perhaps twenty
feet high in some instances. They are not avail-
able for use now because there is not even shelf
room for them. Dare we go on and leave the
third most valuable library in the United States
of America in a condition m which it is liable to
have one half of it destroyed? Really three fourths
of the value of the Library may he destroyed by
fire any day.
Mr. KASSON. I would make a further state-
ment in this connection. This appropi lation was
asked for and urged very strongly upon the Com-
mittee of W<«ys and Means at the last session, and
the session before also. At the last session I
know it wticj deferred for the same consideration
now proposed, namely, that it may bear post-
ponenxr nr m longer. The time has come when
thih is pKss-jd again upon our consideration.
Now, while I voted at that timefor deferring this
appropriation, I am one of those who have be-
come convinced that is altogether unsafe to con-
tinue that valuable library as it is now. And
further, we are increasing the number of books
every year, with no place in which to put them,
or where they can be made useful; and we must
either stop appropriating for books or we must
provide additional room for them.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. I am glad to hear the tes-
timony of*-the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kas-
son] on this subject, and I would say further,
that the additions to our Library in the way ot
donations are such that at the present rate we
shall soon have no place at ali in which to put
them unless this appropriation is granted. I
would be willing that almost any appropriation
in this bill should be cut down, or should be en-
tirely thrown out, rather than have this appropri-
ation fail. I hope we will provide for saving the
books we already have on hand rather than risk
them for another year as they have been risked
for a year past. Beside the question of risk,
there is the question of utilizing our Library so
as to make it available for members, which will
lead me to vote for this appropriation.
„ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment to increase the appropriation
$1,000.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment. I hope this Senate amendment will be
adopted. As remarked by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] the attention of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and of the Library-
Committee has heretofore been called to the ne-
cessity of this appropriation; and it was with a
great deal of reluctance on my part that I was
compelled, in view of the pressing necessities of
the Government, to vote to defer this appropria-
tion last year. But I am convinced that we are
neglecting a very important duty that is pressing
upon us.
This appropriation rests upon two necessities,
either of which ought to be sufficient to sustain it
—the necessity of preserving our present Library,
and the equal necessity of increasing, and improv-
ing,*and enlarging that Library. If our present
collection were perfectly safe, I trust we should
not be content to neglect the proper extension
and enlargementofour Library. As remarked by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] our
present collection is not safe. Fully-one half of
that Libiary is exposed to the peril of fiie; it is
not in a secure fire-proof condition. The rccont
burning of the Smithsonian Institution should
warn us that at any moment a much greater ca-
lamity may befall the Congressional Libiary. 1
do hope that by the votes of gentlemen on both
sides of the House this appropriation may be
made.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
in reference to the condition of the Library, that
I have visited it personally several times and I
know that the statements which have been made
on this floor in regaid to its condition aiu true.
A very great number of valuable books are now
piled on the floor. They are inaccessible, and
liable to be destroyed by an accident such as that
which happened several years ago.
I wish also to say that adequate room should
be provided in this building for a really national
library, a library in which we can accumulate the
materials of our own history, in which we are
now lamentably deficient, it is mortifying to
Americans, but it is a fact, that any person who
may wish to write the history of our country,
must now go to the British Museum; for its col-
lection of American books is vastly superior to
that of any library in this country. Tins should
not be so. We should have ample arrangements
for the reception of books, and after those ar-
rangements are completed, a large appropriation
should be made for the purpose of pei feeling the
great national Library of the country in respect to
our own history, and putting iton a par at least
with the library of the British Museum. I hope,
therefore, that this appropriation will be made,
as the gentleman from Kentucky has said, libei-
aiiy and freely, by the votes of both sides of the
House.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I withdrawmy amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 call the previous question
upon this amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
On pace 9, in lines ten and eleven, stnko out the words
" pamphlet form and in so that the clause will read:
For publishing thelawo in newspapers of the States and
Territories, &c.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
On page 9, line twelve, strike out " seventeen" nnd in-
sert in hen tlieioof " tlurfionso that the clause will read:
For publ^hins the l.uvs in pamphlet form and in news-
paper of the States and Teiutories, and iu the city of
Washington, $1:3/000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurience.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
On page 9, in lines twelve and thirteen, strike out "one
hundred and twenty-five."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
On page 10, after line two, add the following:
For the payment of the first annua! installment of the
proportion contributed by the United States toward the cap-
italisation ot the Scheldt duties, to fulfill the stipulation eon-
tamed in the fourth article of the convention between the
United Slates and Belgium on the 20th of May, 1863, the^
sum ot £55,584 in com, and such further sum as may be'
necessary to carry out tiie stipulations of the convention
piovidmg for the pajment of interest on the said sum and
on the poition of the principal remaining unpaid.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendments numbered
respectively from seventeen to twenty-three are
merely formal; and I suppose it is not necessary
to take a separate v6te upon each.
The SPEAKER. One vote will be taken upon
the whole, if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
The seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twen-
tieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, and twenty-
third amendments were concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Add:
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme Court and
diatnct courts of the United States including the District of
Columbia, and al>o for jmorsand witnesses, in aid of funds
arising Irom fines, penalties-, and forfeitures, in the fi-oal
jear ending June 30, 1865, and previous years, and like-
wise for defraying the expenses of suits in which the Uni-
ted States are concerned, and of prosecutions lor offenses
committed against the United States, and for thy safe-keep-
ing ol prisoners,,*500,000
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
Sni'.ce out "$500,000" and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing words u $700,000; and the unexpended balances
ot appropriations loi the judiciary fund shall return into
the Treasury."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Page 31, line seven, before the word " coins" insert the
words " ores and;" sothat it will read:
For specimens of ores and coins, to be preserved in the
cabinet of the Mint, $300.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For legal assistance and other necessary expenditures
in the disposal of private laud claims in California, §10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Strike out '• one" and niseit <ktwo;" so that it will read:
For n.ivt'ling expenses of the judges assigned to the tenth
cnouit for attending Mission ot the Supreme Court of the
United States, i£2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Add:
For the repair of the building at St. Augustine, Florida,
l.er^io'o.e u^cd loi hokluis? the courts of the United Stales
in the northern di -triet ol Florida, $3,000, or so much thereof
as may br nocesiary.
Tile Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
