384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
have the power even to do it, to violate the laws
of nations, and to put us in this unfortunate and
reprehensible position with regard to all other
nations, it would require the accord of all three
departments of the Government to achieve it. It
would be necessary, if we undertook to niter and
change the law of nations, that the Legislature
should firstpass thelaw,thattheExecutive should
sanction it and agree to execute it, and that the
courts were to carry it into effect; but all that
would be subversive of the very frame and tex-
ture of the Constitution of the country.
Therefore, sir, in my opinion this is a question
for the Executive of this Government to decide.
It is for him to examine into these facts; it is for
him to determine whether the exigency has oc-
curred when he will give this terrible sanction to
the laws of nations, whether he will make them
vindicatory in this case. I cannot believe that the
Executive is so derelict to his duty, so false to all
that we require of him, so faithless to his«obliga-
tions to cmr officers and soldiers that he will al-
low a barbarous enemy to inflict upon them the
punishments complained of without taking the
matter in to consideration, and careful, and prayer-
ful, anxious consideration, in order that he may
apply the proper sanctions to prevent it.
Mr. WADE. What are the proper sanctions
to prevent it?
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator asks
what are the proper sanctions to prevent it. I can
only answer to the honorable Senator that if I
were President of the United States, (which is the
most unlikely thing, I should think, that would
ever happen,) or if I were called into the coun-
cils of the President of the United States, and the
question were put to me, then 1 should be obliged
to answer it. As it is now, it is not part of my
senatorial duties to determine that question; and
if I were to determine it, in my opinion, it would
be a usurpation, it would be tyranny.
Sir, what is tyranny? Tyranny consists in
the usurpation of power and authority 011 the
part of men to whoin it is not given. However
much I might desire to correct an evil, however
much I might be satisfied that it existed, how-
ever much I might protest to the authority bavin"
power to correct it, yet, if it was not within the
scope of the powers delegated to ine, if I under-
took to correct, that would be usurpation. 1
understand, the boast of this Government, that
which characterized it in its inception, that which
hallowed it through the course of three quarters
of a century, and which gave it success, was the
fact that it was a Government of law, a Govern-
ment of well-defined, clear-settled, distinctly
thorized law, each department acting within its
own sphere, and responsible for that action. If
we are to usurp the proper functions belonging
to the President as the Commander-in-Chief 0f
the Army, if we are to distribute that responsi-
bility among tlio two or three hundred men who
assemble here as the Legislature, where will the
responsibility be? If we distribute tlmtresponsi-
bility over the forty-five or fifty members of this
Senate, where will the responsibility be? If
there is any dereliction of duty 011 the part of
those who have the power to execute this law, the
law of nations, not the law which we make, but
the law which has been made, niul which ia part
of the laws of the land by the Constitution, then
I will join the honorable Senator from Ohio and
all others heartily in going to the source of proper
authority, and insisting there that that duty shall
be performed.
.Sir, how are we to know the facts of the case?
"Where are we to get them ? I do not know them
now. I know them ft;om vague rumor and from
uncertain report. I Am sorry to say that I be-
lieve they are true; and I am willing to say that
I resisted for a long while the belief that these
barbarities were practiced upon our prisoners. I
could not conceive that Americans, that men who
had been citizens of the United States of America,
who had enjoyed its blessings, who had lived in
the light of the age which it adorned, and who had
derived from its benign, beneficent Government,
the advantages which it conferred, could come
dawn so low in the scale of barbarism that they
would ever resort to such adiabolism as the delib-
erate starvation of our prisoners. I repeat, 1 re.
sisted this belief as long as it was possible that I
could resist it for the credit of my country, my
countrymen, and my race; but I am afraid now
that it is true; and I am willing in every other ca-
pacity than that legislative capacity which is lim-
ited by the powers and authorities conferred, to
do anything and everything I can to induce the
President, and the generals who command his
armies, to enforce some principle of retaliation
which will put a stop to this thing. I am willing
that any measure may be adopted, I am willing
to recommend any measure which a soldier and a
man can execute, which will be calculated to stop
for the future these barbarities; but I am unwilling,
and cannot here undertake to usurp an authority
which I do not believe we have, with all deference
toothers who do believe it. I have no reflections
to make upon them. I have no doubt they are
quite as honest in entertaining the opposite opinion
as I am in entertaining mine; but I cannot, with
the opinions I have, undertake by a law to say to
the President that he must do this or that or the
other in the premises, simply because, if the Presi-
dent is unwilling to retaliate, if he thinks it im-
proper to retaliate, having full power now to do so,
it is utterly useless for us to attempt to drive him
to the performance of that duty which we think
he owes to our people and to the country.
Nor, sir, would I desire to do that. I have
confidence in the President, and I have confidence
in his advisers. I have confidence in the men
who lead our armies. I think they deserve our
confidence. I think the time has now come when
we may stand up as American citizens and be
proud of the progress that we have made even in
the terrible art of war. I believe that we have a
right to be proud to-day that we are in the pos-
session of and own the most terrible armies that
now shake the earth with their tread in any hem-
isphere. I say 1 have confidence in their leaders.
I have confidence in the fact that they know the
laws of nations, and that they will not sanction
their violation. I believe in their forbearance, in
their humanity, and I know they will not retaliate
as long as it is possible to avoid thAt disagreeable
contingency; but I have no doubt that when the
occasion comes, when it offers itself, and they
fenr it is upon us, they will be equal to the emer-
gency, and they will, without our action, take such
measures as will compel the enemy on the other
side to respect those laws of humanity, of pro-
gressive civilization, and of Christianity, which
will enable us, if we make war at all, to make
war as men and gentlemen.
Then, Mr. President, if we pass this joint res-
olution, the effect of it can only be that we rec-
ommend to the President to retaliate in case he
believes the time for retaliation has come. I have
understood thatthePresidenthimsclf has declared
publicly that if he was satisfied the time had
come, if he was satisfied that a proper and fit oc-
casion for it had come, he would not hesitate for
a moment to resort to it. I believe him. I be-
lieve that he will do it. But I know how easy it
is to exaggerate the reports of these barbarities;
I know how easy it is to impregnate the minds
of the masses of the people with the idea that our
soldiers are not as well treated as they should
be; and I know how difficult it is that any man
should believe, at the same time, that there were
(lemons, fiends incarnate in human shape who
would coolly amMeliberately, to prevent the ex-
changed soldier from going again into the ranks
of battle, starve him ami incapacitate him. I
know the difficulty on both sides of this question;
and I would say here that one of the highest evi-
dences of the wisdom of the Constitution is to be
found in the fact that a single man was made
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States, that to a single head was intrusted that
extraordinary power.
I know, sir, that there will be difficulties. There
never was a great occasion in the world such as
this is that was not surrounded by difficulties
equally great. It is a law of things that such
should be the case, and it is equally a law that,
when the occasion comes and its corresponding
difficulties come, we should struggle to endeavor
to correct them. But, Mr. President, let us be
true to ourobligations; let us be true to our trust;
let us execute the powers confided to us, and let
us exercise them, if we can, so as to make them
effectual in all their length and breadth; but as to
others intrusted with different power, clothed
with other authority, let us hold them to the re-
sponsibility of doing their duty, and then we sltall
have done ours. And, sir, I am pleased to Bay
that even in this I think I see a better result than
■if we were to usurp that which does not belong
to us; that we should usurp the conduct of this
war, and declare what is our view of the law of
nations, and insist that that view should be taken
by the Executive. I say I think I see a better
result 
Mr. WADE. I should like to know if the
Senator contends that Congress cannot make
articles of war, and that we cannot, if we see fit,
make an article of war as to how prisoners shall
be treated ? Does he deny to Congress that
power? .
Mr. COWAN. I will answer the gentleman
quite as distinctiy as he puts the question. We
have the right to make articles of war for the gov-
ernment of the Army in itself, inter se, but I deny
that we have the right to make an article of war
which shall declare how prisoners shall be treated.
Y.ou cannot make an article of war which would
require the President to burn prisoners, to scalp
prisoners, to violate women. Thatauthority has
not been delegated to the legislative department
of this Government.
Mr. SUMNER. Nor to starve them.
Mr. COWAN. Nor to starve them, in tha
emphatic language of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me,
he cannot dodge the principle as to where the
power is lodged by extreme cases. If we have
the power, we can use it as savages, if we will,
or as Christians if we are Christians; but that is
no argument as to the limitation of the power.
Have we the power or have we not to make arti-
cles of war, and can we not prescribe the principle
on which the President shall prosecute this war,
or do we sit here with no power at all? Is it a
one-man business altogether, and can we dodge
every question that propeily comes before us by
saying the President ought to do it?
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have not been
in the habit of "dodging."
Mr. WADE. You have not told us what you
prescribe as a remedy.
Mr. COWAN. That is the honorable Sena-
tor's opinion. I have answered a plain question
by a plain answer, and I question whether there
is a Senator on the floor who did not understand
me exactly unless it were the honorable Senator
from Ohio; but I trust even to make him under-
stand me. I have not " dodged" any part of his
question. I have admitted that we had a right to
make articles of war; but whom do articles of war
govern? Does the honorable Senator say that
our articles of war govern the enemy; that they
govern foreign Powers; that they govern belliger-
ents? Not at all; nobody pretends that that is
the case. Articlesof warare made togovern our
Army. The articles of war are the municipal
regulations which prevail within our Army, which
operate upon the Army itself, and which the Army
and those who severally enter into the Army agree
to abide by. But articles of war are not the laws
of nations. The laws of nations govern us in our
conduct with regard to belligerents; to foreign peo-
ples; and, as I said be£ore, you cannot make an
article of war which will authorize your soldier
to violate a woman, to scalp a prisoner, or to tia
him to a stake and burn him. There is no such
authority in this Government.
Mr. WADE. That is pettifogging.
Mr. COWAN. "Pettifogging!" the contrary
is pettifogging, if the honorable Senator pleases,
with his side-bar remarks. I am no more petti-
fogging than he is pettifogging. I am no more
capable of pettifogging than he is. I do not know
why any Senator should be supposed capable of
pettifogging on this floor. I have the same in-
terest at stake that he has: I trust we all have. I
do not know upon what meat this Ccesar feeds
that we should walk about under his legs and seek
for ourselves dishonorable places—not graves, I
hope, because I do not think there is any danger
of graves. I say all that in reply to the side-re-
mark of the Senator about pettifogging. I hope
that will all be abandoned upon this floor. There
is no necessity for that kind of thing. It neither
intimidates nor does anything else, that I know
of, that is very good. It will make peopfe angry;
that is, people who are not as good-natured as I
am; it never affects me in the slightest; but that
is about the whole effect of it.
Now, I say, when the Constitution of thecoun-
