1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1151
Twenty-ninth amendment!
Strike out the following:
For salaries of additional clerks in the office of the As-
sistant Treasurer at Boston, which are hereby authorized,
$11,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strike out the words " of the Mint;" so that it will read :
For salaiies of clerks, mciwengors, and watchmen in offiee
of the Assistant Tieaburer at Philadelphia, $18,300.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-third, and
thirty-fourth amendments:
In line nine hundred and twenty-four, on page 38, after
the word<{ of," where it first occurs, insert the words "offi-
cers and;" in line nine bundled and twenty-six, after the
word 11 Treasury" insert " and the tenth section of act of
March 3,1853, making appiopnations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expanses ot the Government for the year ending
the 30th ot June, 18o4;" and in line nine hundred and
twenty-six, after the word "such" inseit "lurther," and
in line nine hundred and twenty-seven strike out k'$38,-
060" and inseit u.^.riO,UOO so that it will lead:
Foi salaries ofadditional cleiks?, and additional compensa-
tion of otlieeis and clerks undei act of August 6, 15546, for
the bettei oiganization of the Tieasuiy, and the tenth sec-
tion of act of Match 3, 18 '3, making appiopnations lot the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854, at such fmther lates as
the Secretaiy may deem just and reasonable,§50,000.
The Committee of Ways arid Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment;
Strike out the following:
Provided, That no Anther expenditures shall be made for
the experimental sy^f-m of hydrostatic pinning by the
Treasury Department until such experiments s-h.ill have
been definitely authorized by law, and a distinct appropria-
tion made theieior.
And in lieu theieof inseit the following:
Provided, That the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they aie heieby, auihouzed to examine
and adjust the accounts of Stewart Gwj-nne for printing
presses, maehmeiy, material, and labor furnished and sup-
plied to the Tiea&uty Depaitment, and lot expendiiuies
under the authonty ot the Secretary, and to awatd to him
such sum a-J may be equitably his duo, to be paid fiom the
appiopnation fot the expenses ot national loans: Provided
fwther, That for items tuinlshed or supplied under con-
tract no greater sum than the contract price shall be allowed:
Jind provided Jwtho, That before any payment shall be
made the said Stewart Gvvynne shall, in such form as be
pres-enbed by the Secietaiy of the Treasuiy, fully convey
and secure to the United States the right to u&e said pi esses
and any additional number thereof, with their machinery
and lutute improvements in the Tieasuiy building or any
other buildings directed by the Secretary for any and all
printing the Government may desneforits own use aud
puipose.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendments up to the
forty-third section are merely verbal, and I move
that they be concurred in.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Forty-third amendment:
Insert the following a^s a new section :
Jlnd he itjurther enucted/Vhntta enable the Secretary of
the Tieasury to provide temporary accommodations for the
State Depaitment, and tor the accommodation ot such of
the cleiks of the TieiioUiy Department as cannot be accom-
modated in the piesent building, the sum of $25,000 is
heieby appiopriated. And the Secretary of tiie Interior is
hereby tequiied to furnish suitable rooms in the Patent
Office building foi the accommodation of the Attorney Gen-
eral, Assistant Attorney Geneial, clerks, and messengers
in his office ; and foi the purpose ot furnishing and fitting
up such 1001113 the sum of $5,000 is hereby appropriated.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act the public lands in the State of Nevada
shall, tor survevtng pmposes, be attached to and included
in the suiveying di.-trict of California.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Add the following as anew ?cction:
Jlnd he it Jul Lher cnacted, That from and after the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year, the salary of each of the
Assistant Secietaries of the Executive Departments, the
Assistant Attorney General, and the three Assistant Post-
masters General, shall be $3,500 pur annum.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Add the following as a new section :
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act
approved April 29, 1864, inci easing the compensation of
inspectors ot customs in certain ports, be extended to July
1,1866.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, which
was to add the following:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to increase the clerical
force in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Philadel-
phia, and the aggregate salaries ot said clerks shall not ex-
ceed the sum of$9,000,which amount is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Tieas>ury not otherwise appropii-
ated.
Sec. —. Jlndbeit further enacted, That in addition to the
appropriations hereinbefore allowed tor the branch mint at
San Francisco,California, the following sums, respectively,
are hereby in like manner appropriated, viz :
For wages of workmen and adjusteis, $69,450.
For incidental contingent expuns.es, repairs, and wast-
age, $106,529 29.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in addition to the
appiopnations heieiubefore made for the Teriitoiy of Ari-
zona, the following sums, m like manner, are heieby appio-
puated, viz:
For compensation and mileage of the members oi the
Legislative Assembly, officers, cloiks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $5,000.
For prepaiation and printing laws of the Territory, $5,000.
Seu. —. Jlnd be itjurther enacted, That in addition to tiie
clerical force hereinbefore authoiized in the Tieasury De-
partment, there are hereby authorized to be appointed the
following heads of divisions and clerks, viz :
In the office of the Second Auditoi, seven head'* of di-
visions, at an annual salary of $1,900 each; twenty-one
clerks of class four, and one hundred and seventeen clerks
of class three.
In the office of the Third Auditor, eight heads of divis-
ions, at an annual salary of $1,900 each; fouiteen cleiks
ot class four, eighty-six eleilcs ot class Uuee, aud sixty-
nine cleiks of class two.
in the office of the Second Compti oiler, twelve heads of
divisions, at an annual salaiy of $1,900 each ; nine cleiks
of class lour, twelve cleika of ela.ss thiee, tout teen i leiks
of class two, and sixteen cleiks of class one ; ami the Mim
of $690,900 is hereby appropriated to pay said salaries. And
such sum as may be found neeessaiy to pay the compen-
sation of the officers and cleiks heieby authorized, lor the
cuirent fiscal year, is hereby appropuated out of any money
in thcTreusuty not otherwise appiopinited.
Sec. —. Jlnd bext Jxnther enacted, That tin-office of Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall be organized, under
the direction of the Secretaiy of the Tiea&ury, into divis-
ions,and with the officers, clerks, messengers, and Jaboteis,
with the annual salaries respectively, as hereinafter pie-
scribed, viz.:
One Commissioner, with a salary of $4,000.
One Deputy Commissioner, with a salary of $3,000.
One chief of the Division of C'oirespondence, embiacing
legal remedies, with a salary of $2,500.
One chief of the Division of Finance, embracing money
and accounts, with a salary of $•!,.'>00.
One cashier in said division, with a salary of $2,500.
One chief book-keeper in the same, with a salary of
$2,000.
One chief of the Division of Inspection, with a salary of
$2 500.
6ne chief clerk, with a salary of $2,000.
One statistician, with a salary of $2,000.
Twenty clerks of class four, twenty-five cleiks of class
thiee, foity clerks of class two, thirty elciks of clas^ one,
and so many female clerks (not exceeding f'oity in numbei)
as may be necessary, who shall loeeivc the same salaiy
allowed to other female clerks in the Tioasurv Depaitment;
one chicf messenger, Willi a salaiy ot $1,000; lour assist-
ant messcngeis, with a salary ot $W0 eacli; and mx labor-
ers, with a salaiy of $600 each.
And the officers, clerks, and emp!oy6s hereby authorized
shall be in substitution ot all the officers, cleiks, and em-
ployes now authorized or employed in said office ; and the
amount necessary for the compensation oi said officers,
clerks, and employe's, at the tates ufotesaid, in addition to
the amount licretofoie provid< d, fot the la>t quarter ot the
current fiscal year, ami for the fiscal year next ensuing,
is hereby appiopiiated out of any money in the Tiea-uty
not otherwise appropuated : Provided, That the duties as-
signed to either division of said office may, from time to
time, be assigned to another by the Commissioner, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury: Jlnd fur-
ther provided, That the piovisions of this section shall take
effect on the 1st day of Apnl next.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same aie hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1866, viz :
For salary of cashier in the United States Depository,
Louisville, $1,800.
Foi salary of book-keeper in the United States Deposi-
tory, Louisville, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier in the United States De-
pository, Louisville, $1,320.
For salary of clerk in the United States Depository,
Louisville, $1,320.
Forcontingent expenses in the United State? Depository,
Louisville, $625.
For salary of cashier in the United States Depository,
Chicago, $1,000.
For salary of clerk in the United States Depository, Chi-
cago, $1,000.
For contingent expenses in the United States Depositary,
Chicago, .^400.
For salary of cashier in the United States Depository,
Pittsburg, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier in the United States De-
pository, Pittsburg, $1,000.
For salary of watchman in the United States Depository,
Pittsburg, $900.
For contingent expenses of the United States Deposi-
tory, PitU*bur«, $200.
For salaiy of cashier of the United States Depository,
Ballimote, $1,800.
For salaiy of clerk of the United States Depository, Bal-
timore, $1,500.
For salaiy of clerk of the United States Depository, Bal-
timore, $1,200.
For salary of clerk of the United States Depository, Bal-
timore, $1,000.
Foi salaiy of clerk of the United States Depository, Bal-
timore, $900.
Fot salary of messenger of the United States Depository,
Baltimoie,$900.
For contingent expenses of the United States Depository,
Baltimore, $300.
i,xoi salaiy of cashier in the office of the United States
Assistant Tieasurer, Sun Francisco, $2,500.
For salary of hook-keeper in the office of the United States
Assistant Treasmcr, San Francisco, $2,000.
For salaiy of cashiei in the United States Depository,
Cincinnati, $2,000.
For salary ot assistant cashier in the United States De-
pository, Cincinnati, $1,500.
Foi salary ot assistant in the United States Depository,
Cincinnati, $1,200.
For salaiy of assistant in the United States Depository,
Cincinnati, $1,000.
Foi salaiy of teller in the United States Depository, Cin-
cinnati, $1,300.
For salary of book-keeper in the United States Deposi-
tory, Cincinnati, $1,500.
Forsnlaiyof two cleiks in the United States Depository,
Cincmna'i, $2,500.
For salaiy of clerk in the United States Depository,
Cincinnati, $1,200.
Foi contingent expenses of the United States Deposi-
toiy, Cincinnati, $2,000.
Sue.— Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$1,£S1 25 be, and the same is hereby, nppropilated, out of
any money m the Tieasuiy not otheiwise appropuated,
lor the payment of salaues of clerks and others indicated
m the pieceditig section, and of contingent expenses, for
the three months ensuing June 30, 18G5.
Sec. —• Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper
accounting officers of the Tieasuiy Depaitment be, and
they are heieby,authorized to pay to A. C. Collingsworth,
C. II. Veddcr, Edwaul It. Wheunan, Charles C. Adams,
Theophilus II. Giadwyri, Samuel W. Tucker, and the
other poisons employed by the deputy provost marshal of
the District of Columbia, in the emollmg office of said
marshal, for night woik aud special seiviee performed in
putsu.tnee ot a contiact between said clerks and said
provost maifhal, such accounts being propeily certified
upon the rolls, or by said deputy provost marshal.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no part of the
money appiopiiated, either by this actor former acts, shall
be applied to the payment of any claim for constructive
mileage on account of any exua session of either House
oi Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to add to the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means the following:
be it further enacted, That the appropriations here-
tofore mad'- foi the Congicssion.il Globe shall be upon the
condition that hereafter the pioceedings of Congiess shall
be published in the Daily Globe of the day subsequent to
the day such pioceedmgs weie had, and delivered to both
Houses at then time ot meeting.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, Will the
gentleman from Illinois allow me a word?
Mr.WA.BII BURNE, of Illinois. Thisamend-
ment only proposes to carry out the resolutioiv 1
passed by the House a few days ago, in order to^W/
give us the proceedings of Congress when they ^
can be of some use to lis. Now, the proceedings
which are published are three or four days behind-
hand. There is no reason for it, and there can
be no objection to this amendment. It will not
take effect at this session of Congress, but I pro-
pose that the proprietors of the Globe shall, un-
der the existing law, prepare to have the work
done as they agreed to do it, at the next session.
Mr. KASSON. Suppose this bill passes, as
it probably will pass, by Thursday,it would take
efleet immediately and apply to the proceedings
of Friday next. The publishers of the Globe are
now three days behindhand.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. Four days.
Mr. KASSON. The query I make is whether
this amendment does not defeat the entireappro-
priation for the Globe for this session ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my amendment so that it shall take effect at
the next session of Congress.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that the gentleman from Illinois overlooks
one provision in the contract with the proprietors
of the Globe. The contract provides that they
shall bring out the proceedings of Congress on
