1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
the next day, provided those proceedings do not
exceed forty columns of printed matter.
Now, on the morning; after our night session,
when we had those two calls of the House, the
amount of printed matter was fifty-seven columns
and a half; and then, for the first time this session,
the Globe foil in printing the reports. How often
since that time the proceedings haveexcceded the
prescribed forty columns, I am unable? to say; but
I notice, in looking at the amount printed in De-
cember and January, that it is n^t, at least, larger
than the amount already piinted in February.
Gentlemen cannot have failed to notice that the
reports of the proceedings of the Senate have been
very long and heavy. 1 think that, in justice to
the young men who now have the responsibility
of printing the Globe upon their shoulders, we
ought to consider this question fully and fairly.
1 am satisfied that they have endeavored to do
the utmost in their power to get out the Globe
promptly. They have, at much expense, sought
to find and employ more printers in their office,
and have finally secured an additional force of ten
or twelve pvmters, at largely increased prices, to
work for them until the close of this session.
We ought to consider all these facts, and do no
injustice to these young men. If thisamendment
is adopted, it should be so modified as to make it
haimomze with the provisions of the contract, i
would suggestalso that we sometimes allow mem-
bers here to print speeches not actually delivered,
and that this adds very largely to the amount of
printing, and also considerably increases the ex-
pense. I doubt the propriety of this policy as a
rule.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] claims that his amend-
ment is but cat rytng out the action of the House
a day or two since. I deny that the resolution
offered by the gentleman some days since was to
that effect. It was a resolution directing the Com-
mittee on Puming to inquire why the publication
v of the Globe was behind the proceedings of this
House. How we carry that out now, by providing
by law that if that thing shall happen hereafter the
appropriation shall not be paid to the Globe, is
beyond my comprehension.
I do not understand this persistent attack on
the publishers oftheGlobe by thegentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne.] When this matter
was up before, I thought the House fully under-
stood the causes of thisdelay in the publication of
the debates in the Congressional Globe, and that
tiie House was disposed to excuse the publishers
for the reasons then assigned for the delay. It
was stated then, and I reiterate the statement
now, that if the publishers of that paper were to
employ legularly upon their paper sufficient force
to keep up the debates of this House at all times,
it would make the concern insolvent, for they
could not stand it. For when we are engaged in
night sessions, or in prolonged sittings during the
day, and the debates are extended by the saying
of thousands of things, perhaps—I will notsay by
thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne]—
that there was no need of saying upon this and
that subject, the debates become so voluminous
that it is impossible to keep a foree sufficient to
publish the debates promptly. The reason is one
that ordinary economy would prompt the pub-
lishers of any paper in the world to adopt that
practice, and ought to be sufficient for the gentle-
man from Illinois. The reason is, and 1 state it
again, that it is impossible to keep a force upon
the Globe sufficient to keep up with the extraor-
dinary debates of our extraordinary night ses-
sions and our protracted day sessions.
Now, if the gentleman wants something of this
sort done to direct the conduct of those employed
to publish our proceedings and to print othei
matters for us, why does not he direct his attack
against all those who print for us ? Why does he
not bring up the Public Printer of this Congress,
have him tried,condemned, and punished for his
dereliction in this and other matters? I do not
understand the necessity for the selection of this
one particular paper as the object of the gentle-
man's eternal attack in this House. There are
important documents that this House has needed
from the commencement of thissession up to tins
time, which the Public Printer has failed to have
printed and sent to this House. We have not
received the report of the Secretary of War; and
yet wo do not hear a word from the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] in relation to the
dereliction of our Public Printer. His attacks are
all directed against the publishers of the Globe,
who happen to be two or thtee days behindhand
in the publication of the debates. Our Agricul-
tural Reports for 1863 have not all yet been sub-
mitted to this House by the Public Printer. Why
does not the gentleman ask that to be inquired
into? The Mechanical Reports have not yet been
published and delivered for the year 1862 for the
use of members of this House.
A Member. For 1861.
Mr. MALLORY. For 1861, I am reminded
by a member. All these failures and all these
derelictions have been practiced by the Public
Printer, and yet the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiiburne,] except when forced to do so by an
amendment proposed to his resolution upon the
subject of the Congressional Globe, never pro-
poses anything in regard to the Public Printer.
Mr. DAWES. 1 understand the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] to say that the
Public Printer has not yet printed the leport of
the Sectetary of War.
Mr. MALLORY. I so understand it.
Mr. DAWES. Has it yet been made ?
Mr. MALLORY. Then let us give it to the
Secretary of War. I can see no good reason for
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiiburne.] I think it invidious, wrong,
and unnecessary, and 1 hope the House will not
adopt it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment, and offer this in its place:
That the appropriation hereinbefore made for the Con-
gressional Globe f-hail be upon the condition that hereafter
the proceedings of Congress shall be published in the Daily
Globe of i he day subsequent to the day such proceedings
weie had, and delivered to both Houses at their time of
meeting; tins provision to take effect at the commence-
ment ol the next session.
Mr. PRUYN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man to udd to his amendment the words " and
any delay or omission may be excused by the
Speaker."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 cannot do
it. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] seems to exhibit considerable feeling upon
this question, and, as is too often the rase when
a member moves in any matter, he is charged with
entertaining feelings of hostility to some one or
some thing. Now, I have been influenced by no
such motives so far as regards the proprietors of
the Congressional Globe.
Mr. MALLORY. I imputed nothing of that
sort to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are
gentlemen whom I do not know. I knew for
many years the esteemed gentleman who %vas,
until recently, the proprietor of the Globe—the
late Mr. Rives—and I respected him, and my
course in Congress, during twelve years, has been
to support and sustain and uphold, so far as I
could do it conscientiously, the Congressional
Globe, for I have always believed it to be a most
important publication, giving a full report of our
proceedings, that our constituents and the coun-
try may know what we have been about, and
may have our official action upon record.
Now, sir, I will state the point at which I was
driving, and I submit that it is entirely reasonable
and just to the proprietors of the Congressional
Globe, and nobody else has any right to com-
plain. We have made a contract with them, and
we have agreed to pay them enormous sums in
order that they may report and publish the pro-
ceedings of Congress promptly. I charge that
they have failed to do this; and what I propose
to do is merely to bring them up to the discharge
of that contract fully and fairly, as we have pro-
vided for paying them for the service most lib-
erally.
1 desire this for our own benefit. If gentlemen
will look at the Globe which appears this morn-
ing, they will find that it contains the proceedings
of last Wednesday. Weall knowthe importance
of the proceedings of the last days of the session.
We all realize how important it is forus to know
on each day what have been the proceedings on
the day previous, what propositions have been
offered, what propositions have been adopted or
rejected. Indeed, sir, two thirds of the value of
a publication of our proceedings is lost to us by
not having that publication promptly.
When it is said that these publishers cannot
publish the proceedings-more promptly, 1 deny
it. I say that the reason why they do not furnish
the proceedings promptly is that they do not
make a sufficient expenditure to obtain the labor
of printers.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that the gentle-
man from Illinois desires merely to bring the
publishers of the Globe up to their contract. If
so he will not object to a proviso which I propose
shall bo added to his amendment, and which I ask
him to accept. It is as follows:
Dm the pub) ishers of the Congressional Globe shall not,
however, be required to publish daily more than lorty col-
umns of the proceedings of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, They agree
now to publish forty-seven columns.
Mr. MORRILL. Forty I think it is.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Forty is
the specification of the contract.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that we should not
undertake in this ex parte way to vary the contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We cannot
vary the contract. If the publishers of theGlobe
would confine themselves to the publication of the
current proceedings, leaving out the written
speeches, never delivered, the object which I de-
sire, and which we all must desire, would be at-
tained.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I would sug-
gest that one reason why the Globe this year has
not been able to keep up with the debates is that
the Senate has occupied almost all the space in
its columns. Any one who looks at the Globe
will find, I think, that the Senate occupies five
pages to our one. If we could impose a ten per
cent, tax upon the surplus gas manufactured m
the Senate, the Globe, 1 think, could get along in
publishing the proceedings. Without something
of that kind it is impossible that the proceedings
can be published promptly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment for the present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment.
I am astonished, Mr. Speaker, that there should
be any feeling about this matter, for I suppose
that the object of all of us m reference to this
question is, as it certainly ought to be, the same.
The purposes to be accomplished by having oui
debates published in the Daily Globe, and after-
ward, revised or unrevised, transferred to the
Congressional Globe, and put into the more per-
manent form of quarto volumes, appears to me to
be twofold. One object is to preserve in this au-
thentic shape an account of the proceedings of
the two branches of Congress. Another object,
which is certainly to be considered, is to furnish
from day to day to members, when they assemble
here, something to which they can refer to show
what have been the full proceedings of the day
before. The confusion frequently attending the
proceedings of this body isrsuch that when we
come here this morning no one of us can tell
with certainty or in any full degree what votes
were taken, what resolutions were offered, what
proceedings were had yesterday. In order that
we may learn the state of any pending question,
and particularly that we may be enabled to make
motions for reconsideration, as well as for other
reasons, it is very important that we should have
before us regularly from day to day what has
been done on the day preceding. The gentleman
from Illinois says that the Globe of this morning
brings our proceedings up to Wednesday iast,
February 22. We have had, for the last three
days, under consideration the enrollment bill, of
which I have had charge as the chairman of the
Committee on Militaiy Affairs,and itis desirable
for me this morning to know precisely the position
of various amendments, with a view to further
amendment.
Mr MALLORY. If the gentleman had list-
ened this morning to the reading of the Journal
he would have had all the information he desires.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a great deal not
contained m the Journal. The Globe contains
the remarks, and shows the motives and the pur-
poses sought to he accomplished by parties.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Jour-
nal does not show what took place in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. " 1 know that of what is
done in the Committee of the Whole on the state
