386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
atvd I appeal to the honorable Senator from Ohio
whether I do not speak it rightly. What did
the Government of the United States do in the
fall and winter of 1860-61 when this citizen of
the United States was anxious to do his duty,
it may be ? And I have no doubt there are thou-
sands of cases in which they were as honest
as the Senator arid I were. When the cry of
usurpation was raised on the part of the seces-
sionists, and when their States were to be carried
out of the Union in spite of them, what did the
Governmentofthe United States do ? Did it come
to their rescue? Did it go there to repel that
usurpation? Did it go there to drive away the
secessionists and restore these men to their rights?
Mr. WADE. No. Buchanan thought that
would be retaliation.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. Buchanan thought he
could not coerce them. The Government of the
United States announced publicly to these men
that they could not cocrcc the rebellion; and I be-
lieve the Attorney General of the United States
Wrote a letter stating that it was not the law that
the Executive could coerce them. Then I ask
how long was it before the Government of the
United States came to the conclusion that it could
coerce the secessionists and restore these citizens
to their rights*in the Union? From about the 1st
of December until the 4th of March; and then
from the 4th of March until about the middle of
April, before the incoming Ad ministration decided
that it would go to their rescue. All that time
we left ihem under the administration of the se-
cessionists. We went out of possession. We
allowed ourselves to be kicked out of possession.
We allowed our property to be taken from us;
and we allowed them to carry everything with a
high hand. But at the end of that time, about
the middle of April, 1861, we came to the conclu-
sion that we would do our duly toward these cit-
izens of the Union, that we would come to their
rescue, put down the usurping government, and
restore them to their rights in the Union. Have
we succeeded in doing it? God be praised, we
have succeeded in a great measure; but the work
is not yet done; nnd before we can ask these
people to submit, the work must be completely
done. We cannot ask a man, when we go there
and take possession of his neighborhood, to turn
in nnd be immediately loyal when we may go
awny ourselves the next week and abandon him
^ to the tender mercies of the rebels. We must es-
tablish our dominion and our authority over the
country before we can ask the people to bear us
true allegiance.
And yet, sir, thousands of the men who are to
be starved under the barbarous policy contem-
plated'in tins resolution, who are to be tortured
to the slow and lingering, and of all the most hor-
rible of detiths, are the men whom we ourselves
have abandoned to the tender mercies of the eon-
Hpirators who originated this rebellion. .Sir, I
cannot consent to that. Whatever I might be
Willing to do by way of retaliation to the officer,
to the man, who goes into the rebel army volun-
tauly of his own free will and accord, to the man
who carries the insignia of office upon his shoul-
ders and the commission of office in his pocket,
T arn unwilling to inflict it upon the private sol-
dier, driven by a merciless conscription into the
ranks of thc«Kebei armies, and compelled to serve
there perhaps against his will and truly against
his interests. I repeat, I am unwilling to inflict
this retaliation upon him, whatever I might be
willing to do to those who are voluntarily in the
service of the rebellion.
1 hope then, Mr. President, if any measure of
tins kind is to be passed by thus body, it will be
couched in such phrase as not to offend against
the progressive humanity of civilization, couched
in such phrase as will not offend against our own
sense of justice, couched m^such phiase as that
in long years hereafter, when we look upon that
glorious flag which we all love so much, we shall
not see upon a single fold of it the stain of inhu-
manity and barbarism even in retaliation as a
sanction of the laws of war and of nations.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the strange-
ness nnd inapplicability of many of the comments
made by theSenatorfrom Pennsylvania upon this
-josnt resolution lead me to the conclusion that he
has never read it; has never paid the respect to it
of giving it a perusal; otherwise I cannot, con-
ceive that he could have «iade so gseat a mistake i
in commenting upon it as to suppose that in its
terms it was mandatory upon the President, or
assumed to give him any direction whatever in
regard to the treatment of prisoners. There is
nothing of the kind in the resolution. It is from
beginning to end advisory to the President, and
not in any degree mandatory. If the Senator had
perused the resolution; if, instead of coming here
and treating the Senate to a protracted declamation
upon what he assumed was contained in the res-
olution, he had condescended to read it, I fancy he
would not have made so great a mistake.
It seems, however, that he committed this over-
sight for a purpose. He had " method in his mad-
ness. " He was anxious again to instruct the
Senate, as he has done heretofore on numerous
occasions, in his favorite doctrine that it pertains
to the President of the United States, in the char-
acter of Commander-in-Chief of the armies, and
to him alone, to exercise all the laws of war, and
that Congress is not vested with any authority
whatever to direct as to the mode in which a war
shall becarried on and conducted,after it has once
been declared and commenced. I have had here-
tofore occasion to say a word on this subject, and
I do not wish on this occasion to reiterate the ar-
guments 1 then advanced. It is sufficient for my
purpose to say that I reject entirely this ground-
less assumption in favor of the President, I deny
that he possesses any power except such as is
given htm by the Constitution, or by an act of
Congress, for the purpose of carrying on a war
which has once been declared or commenced.
The Constitution declares that Congress shall
have power to declare war. I-need notsay to the
learned Senator that this language has ever been
construed by the best writers upon the Constitu-
tion as meaning that Congress shall have power
to wage and carry on war. The power of Con-
gress is by no means limited to the simple pro-
cess of making a declaration of war, for the Sen-
ator knows as well as [ that there are many wars
which do not commence by declaration atall, and
it is by no means necessary by the laws of na-
tions that a war should be commenced by a for-
mal declaration. A lawful war may exist with-
out a decimation. Such wars do often exist, and
during the present century, even, have occurred on
repeated occasions. Sir, it is for Congress, when-
ever they may see fit, to declare by proper enact-
ments in what mode a war shall not only be de-
clared but carried on and conducted in all its
stages, in nil its foi ms, in all its incidents, whether
those incidents relate to the treatment of prison-
ers of war or to the mode of arming, equipping,
and conducting an army m the field or a navy
upon the ocean. But, sir, I will not wtiary the
Senate by further reference to the singular ground
taken by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Now, sir, what is this resolution which has been
so violently, and I think so unjustly, denounced,
both by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumnf.r,] I regiet to say, and by the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania? The Senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania, like the Senator from Massachusetts, will
have it Lhat its object is to "imitate" the barbar-
ities of the rebels; and odium is attempted to be
thrown upon it, because it does, in point of fact,
require a retaliation upon the rebels of the same
treatment which they extend to our prisoners m
their hands by calling it an "imitation." It is
conceded, in limine, by both Senators that retali-
ation is in peifect accordance with the laws of
civilized warfare; and the learned professor whose
letter was read to us by the honorable Senatoi
from Massachusetts concedes this point also, that
retaliation is lawful and allowable. We all know
quite well what retaliation means. It is return-
ing like for like; it is treating your enemy as he
treats you, for the purpose of restraining Inm from
crime, and inducing him by the use of the like se-
verity to observe the laws of civilized war. if re-
taliation be lawful and allowable, i insist that the
measuie now before the Senate is strictly in ac-
cordance with the laws of war as expounded even
by the Senators themselves, and by the professor
whose letter we have heard read.
But, sir, it is unnecessary to argue this question
of the right of retaliation. It has ever existed since
the commencement of civilized society. It is as
old a practice as war itself, and so long ago as
you read of hostages in ancient history, so long
is it since the principle and practice of retaliation
have been observed between nations at war.
But, sir, the question arises more particularly
whether the Senate have before them evidence
sufficient to justify us in *esortingVo the principle
of retaliation. Judgingfrom some remaiks that
fell fiom the Senator from Pennsylvania, I was
led to suppose that he was still in doubt upon the
question whether the provocations given us by
the rebels have been of such a character as to
justify the measure. On this subject I beg to lay
before the Senate and before the country a few
extracts frgm a document I now hold in my hand.
Tt is a report made by a committee appointed by
the United States Sanitary Commission at New
York, on the 19th of May, 1864. In order to
show the character of this committee, and what
were the functions imposed upon them by the so-
ciety, 1 read the resolution under which they
were appointed. There are names here, sir, that
will go down to posterity. The gentlemen en-
gaged in performing the duty prescribed by the
resolution I am about to read, are gentlemen, as
we all know, of the highest respectability for tiuth
and veracity as well as for professional learning
and industry. I rest, and rest with perfect se-
curity, upon the veracity of their statements. I
can entertain no doubt whatever of the truth of
the facts they relate, and of the conclusions at
which they arrive. The following is the resolu-
tion:
" .ResoJeetf, That Dr. Ellerslie Wallace, Hon. J. [. Clark
Hare, and Rev. Tread well VValden, of Philadelphia, and
Dr. Valentine Mot?, Dr. Edward Delafield, arid Gouver-
neur M. YVilkins, E<q., ol New York, he respectfully re-
quested to act as a commission lor ascertaining by inquiry
and investigation the true physical condition ot piison-
ers recently discharged by exchange from confinement at
Richmond ami eUewheie within the rebwl line*; whether
they did, m tact, during *ueh confinement suffer inateiially
for want o( food, or from il> defective quality, or fiom other
privations or sources of (hsea-e; and whether their piiva-
tions and suffering* were designedly inflicted on them by
military or other authority of the i ebel government, or were
due to causes which such authorities could not control.
And that the gentlemen above named be requested to visit
such camp-' of paroled or discharged pi toners as may be
accessible to them, and to take in wilting the di-poMtions
of so many of such ptisoners as may enable them to amve
at accurate results; and to adopt such other means of in-
vestigation as they may think proper."
Piefixed to their report is the following note by
the committee themselves:
cc Tin4 eoinnii-sioueis appointed in the forego hi? resolu-
tion by the standing commitive of the (Jmted ^inie-s Sani-
tary (JommNsiou lespeetlully Mtbmit the following narra-
tive and lepoir, diawn tiom the nia-a of evidence collected
by them, and printed in the Appendix, as the icoull uf their
inquiry and investigation."
I do not intend to weary the Senate with any
extracts from this report, save such as I deem
necessary in order to solve the question pro-
pounded m the resolution itself which appointed
them. These gentlemen had every facility neces-
sary to enable them to ascertain the facts about
which they wcie to make inquiry, and to arrive
at proper conclusion*. Speaking of the scenes of
distressand privation which existed m the Libby
prison in Virginia, in the year 1863, they u«e the
following language:
"It was about the middle of la ,t autumn (1863) that this
pioeevs of slow starvation became intolerable, injuuoii*,
and ciupI to the extent refened to. The corn bread began
to be of ihe roughest and context desenption. Potuon-*
of the cob and husk were olten found giound in with the
meal. The crust was so thick and haid that the pu-oncrs
called it iron-clad. To render the bi cad eatable, theygratcd
it, and made mush of it, but the ciust they could not grate."
A train:
" Those who were entirely dependent on the prison fare,
and who had no friends at the Nuith to send them boxes of
food, began to MifiVr the hot i ible agony uf craving lood and
Seelmg themr-elves day by da> Insjng-mengLh. Di earns and
delusions begun to di>traet their mind*.
''Although many weie relieved tlnough the generosity
of then moio favored fellow pusoner-*, yet the -Mipply from
this source was of couise inadequate. Captain Calhoun
speaks of suffering 'a burning sensation on the nisuie,
with a jeneial failing in stn u«Lh.> ' I grew <o foolM, m
my mind that I u*ed to binnie mv<e|f f<,i not eating more
when at home.5 ' The Mihjeot ot lood engro««ed m> entne
thoughts'.' ' Captain Stevens having jeeeived a box from
home «*at down and ate to evcc^s, nnd died a few hours
aiteiwatd.' < A man had a piece of ham which I looked at
for houis, and would have stolen if I had had a chance. > "
***********
"But the most unaccountable and shameful act of all
was yet to come. Shoitiy after ibis genetal diminution of
ration*, m the month of January last, the boxes, which be-
fore had been regulaily delivered, and in good order, were
withheld "
That is, the boxes that were sent by the friends
of these prisoners from their hom^s, in order to
mitigate their sufferings in that prison.
"No reason was given. Three hundred an^ved every
week, aiul were received by Colonel Ould, commissioner
