1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of exchange.but instead of being distributed, were retained
and p'led up in warehouses near by,and in full sight of the
initialized and hungry captives. Tlnec thoic>and weie tlieie
when l-ieutouant Colonel Farnsworth r:im« away."
" There was some >diow ot delivery, however, but in a
manner especially heartless."
I desire gentlemen who have manifested so
much mercy and forbearance toward the keepers
of our prisoners in the hands of the rebels to listen
to a few of these extracts. 1 wish them to hearken
to tli is evidence; and if it does not d live from their
hearts thatsentimentalism which would refuse the
protection of a just retaliation to our prisoners in
the hands of the rebels, then I shall be almost
compelled to believe that this sentimentalism,in-
stead of being mercy and generosity, is but an-
other name for cruelty and injustice, unworthy of
Congress, and unworthy of the character of the
nation we represent. Hearken to it; let the whole
world hear it, for, sir, we are about to take a step
winch, in my judgment, we can fully justify in
the face of the civilized world:
" Five or six of the boxes weie given during the week.
The eaget pn->oner, pedant, pcihaps, of a wile's 01 moth-
er* thoughtful provision lot hun, was called to the dooi
and oidered to spiead his blanket, when the open cans,
whether containing pi< reived fruits, eonden&cd null?, to-
bacco, vegetable*. 01 meats, weic thiown piomi&cuously
together, and otten mined b) the mingling.
" These bo\«>s .sometimes contained clothing as well ns
food, and their contents were fiequcntly appiopriated by
the piison oihciaN. Lieutenant MeGinnis lecognized his
own home-suit ot citizenclothes on one ot them, point-
ing on? ln.j name on the watch-pot ket. *5
" The ollieerb weie peinutted to *end out and buy arti-
cles at e\ira\agant puces, and would find the clothes, sta-
tioneiv, hams and butter which they had puicha&ed bearing
the minks ot the Saniuuy Commission.'''
The very clothes and provisions, in numerous
instances, w hich were forwarded by the fi iends of
these prisoners at home were stolen, confiscated,
and sold by the wretches who were employed to
take charge of the Union pnsoner.s—a deliboiate
act of larceny,depriving these starving men of the
smali donations sent them by their own families to
save their lives. And yet we are told here that it
is unjust, ungenerous, and cruel for us to letaliate
upon sueli blackguards for the treatment they have
c-xeicised towatd our innocent and unoffending
pilsners !
Again:
'• in one instance this constant ibievety becamc an tm-
o.\p *ei<'d advant.'ge to the inm.it(N. Ainu the lamous
' niuneling out' hy which so man^ effected their escape,
the guaid confused that they had M eti the fugiti\«..s, but
hupp.)>ed that they weie their ou .1 men stcal.iiy; the boxes !
The tunnel, aifei runnuaMinder the Miect, had its outlet
near when; Ihe ho\e- weie piled up.
" All iluou^h tin- vnntei and late into the >-pi ins/ was this
sutr«'tniir, chielly liom imngeu piolon«re<l. Theie is evi-
dence ot it> continuation c \ en >o late u> the month of ay
la-l.
" ^ingeoii renxuson, who wa- oonfim d there at that
time, i'ive> a mo-i p.uiMul pietm e ot \v hat lie saw.
'• No one can apptee .tie, without expei tence, tite con-
dition ot tin-oliiueis in the pii-on dm nig the twelve dajs
oi' iu\ Ma\ ; th'Mt e.n'i'. wit'1 pinched with mincer. 1 have
seen an oilici si.uidmit hv the w nidow gnawing a bono like
a dog. I a-ki'd him. * What do you do it loir' llis reply
was - It will h< lp till up '
"They were con-t.,nily complaining of hunger; iheie
wa • a sad, and nt^atiable expie^ion ot tacc impossible to
d< •< 1 ihe.
'• There no sufT"i nig that can In; mentioned greater
than that of the Mou and hngei ing pains ot 1,umne, except
it h<\ pciiiajis. tin njonie.sol absolute death fiom hunger—
bijf of Ihls no Lllib} evident < \\a- lOtiedetl. The de^uip-
!ion Oi Ltbhy li'e nuL'ht ibeiefore end atlhis point so lai as
having naciud the climax ot all possible ini-ery on the
(.itc hand, and u[ all po->i!)h- bai bai ity 011 the other, Hut
the te Union} develop- Hill otilc'l instances ofciUepy,
v Inch mav a> well be mhodueed here, in older to bliowthe
amain- ol the eunledeiate authonties.
•' li i.s --[atcd jh.it hn otiv;n«.t s? whether tnvinl or senou*,
the piisonci were eorisiL"iecl to eelK, beneath tne pi ison,
th' wal's of u {noli u ete Jaiiip, gieen, and slimy. The>e
op utmenw were never warmed, and often so ciowded tii.it
some weie obliged to .stand up all night. Itwadmthc^c
dungeon-? that the hostage* weie placed.
'• ihit tb.o inhnmanit) wa-snot eonfmcd to tlie liv.ng. It
e.Memled < veu to die disposal ol the dead. The bodies*
wei<1 placed hi tin* ceil.n. to whieh the amuiaN of the street j
had acecss, and ver> oitcu weie partly devoinfd by hogs, j
dogs, ami tats. The office is liad the ( uno-ity to maiU tile 1
c<«tfifis 111 whieh the> wete carried off, to litui out whether j
t!!e\' wet 1' binied in tliein. Hut tlicy pioved to be only |
vehicles lor beanng them away, returning a bcoie of time's
foi <)t5MJl r-.,>
Speaking of the indescribable .sufferings of the
ten thousand men who were confined as prisoners
upon R. lie Isle in the James river, this committee
use the following language1:
'• The men 1 esorted to cveiv expedient to keep from po- ,
ishiiig. They lay in the ditches as tin; most protected places, ;
heaped upon one anothei, and l^ingelos-o together as one i
of them expie-3<ed it, ' like hog^ in winter,' taking turns as |
to who bhould have the outside of the row. In tiie mom- !
ing the row of the previous night was maiked by the mo-
tionless forms of those e who were sleeping on in their last
sleep'—frozen to death
"Every day during the winterseason numbers were con-
veyed away stiff and ^taik, having lailcn asleep in ever-
laying cold. Some of the men dug holes in the sand in
which to take refuge. All through the nightorowdsof them
were beard running up and down to keep thenij-eivesfrom
freezing. And this fate threatened them even moie than
it would have threatened most men exposed to an equally
severe temperature, even with such thin clothing and in-
adequate shelter, for they were starving!
"The very sustenance of animal heat was withheld, and
one ol'the most urgent occasions of hunger, a freezing tem-
perature, which makes the bodily necessity stronger and
tiie appetite tor food greater, was given full opportunity to
make havoc among them. So the la*t stay and power of
resistance was taken away; the cold froze them because
thev were hungry; the hunger consumed them because
they were cold. These two vultures fed upon their vitals,
and no one 111 the southern confederacy had the mciey or
the pity to duve them away. Only once wiw there heard
a voice of indignant remonstrance in the rebel concre>>s
from a noble-iieai ted statesman, but it was heard with in-
difference, and biought about no alleviation."
*•*•*•**•** + **
c'The suigeons, themselves, were unanimous in their
opinion as to the cause of their condition, not only from
the unjloitn story of the men, buttrom the characteristics
of the dill'eient diseases, the revelations of the post moitrm
examination, and especially and most conclusively of all,
the invaiiable tientutcnt which pioved most efficacious,
namely, not medication, but bimple nutrition and stimu-
lation. j*
" They all agreed in attributing the condition of the men
to one or nunc of the following causes: depiivatiou of
clothing; insufficient lood, in quantity and quality; want
oflieshau ou account of overciowdmg ; consequent and
unavoidable unt leanlmcss; want ot adequate shelter dur-
ing the tall and winter; and mental depression, the natural
result ot all.'7 ^
The committee discuss the question whether
the rebel authorities possessed the means neces-
sary to the proper support and supply of our
prisoners in their hands, and this is the language
they use:
"It ha^ been ^aid, and has been the general impression,
that the tebel government was itscll emhainwsed tot want
i'l fiipphcs, thai its own soldier weie naked and hiingty,
and that e\en the puson gtuuds bhaied the puvations ol'
the prisonei-:.
'• It will be noticed that this excuse, uiged stic'iuously
by (heir li lend"*, and hall accepted hyeveiyone disposed
to be inodctate and just, aitei all onl> accounts tor a small
poition oi the conduct of the rebels to ihen captive*.
" Why wereihey lobbed ol their pi i\.it«- pjopeity ; the
money, and the tew tinikets a man usually canies with
Jinn? Oi ii this was the uncontrollable habit of a wild
sohiinv, why v\as it, the legular ptoeeeduig of the .Libby
ainlioi ities ou (he entianee ol'an otlhvi ? Why wa^ it often
done with brutal violence when the peison undergoing the
process expostulated.?
" l>y whose connivance weie the ?upph'!^ of food and
clothing sent fioni the jVoi th stohui? Bv u hose neglect, or
by w hos,; oidci, \\ etc they withheld in immense quantities
Iuiiii 1111:1 p.ilpabh stai ving and fiet /ing ?
"How is it that—atlei tin ee years ot wai, during winch
even tiling imhtaiy had giown colossal and eoricspoinl-
mglv complete, Willi them «is wilh Us—mat no extensive
banaeks, even of the cheap'^t and fiaib'sj, kind, otfering,
at least, space to move in, and shelter tiom the weather,
weie not erected; but that open encampments, 01 city
w arehouses too smali loi such occupation, continue in use
to this daj ?
How is it that, even undersnch ciscum*tanocs, suppos-
ing them for some icason unable to have done hetta, they
m.ide itih s cirenin.-ciibing the piisoriers still fuither, ex-
posing tlieni to tiie poison ol foul air. gencinted hy unavoid-
able petsona! unelcanhne^s, and by the equally unavoidable
art umnl.unni oi liltli ntiiler certain condition of disease,
tor which eiihei do provision was made, or if made, the>
weie capriciously pi evented fiom using:"
The committee go on to say:
"These gtave development4? of the testimony, bj' no
means new to many at the North, and occasionally the sub-
ject of newspapei icpon^, (.though m vci m r-ucli aciailas
now H'lated,; bavea> jctcluit<*d no excuse 01 explana- \
tion,and until an cxcuse 01 explanation conies the gov- •
ernn.ent b\ whom sueh thincsaie.iuthonzed, and the pen- |
]>le by whose public sentiment ?*ut h tlnng' aie eneouta^ed, j
will stand tmaigned lot almost iinmeasuudde iniiuinauuy .
and cuininality beiuie the civilized woild." i
''The conclusion is inevitable. It was m tin* powei of
the iebel authorities to teed sulfinenfly and to ••huh.'- when-
ever nece.ss;(ty their prisoners of war. They were per-
lectly able to include them in then iniiitaiy establishment;
but they chos<; to ( xclude them iioin the position always
assigned to sueh, and in 110 respect to U"at them like men
taken in honoiahle warlaie. 'J'he commonest soldier was
never compelled by huneei to eat the disgusting i.inons
futnished at the Lihby to United States Mncers. Their
most exposed enc<unj)ment, however tenipoiaiy, nevei be-
held the scenes ot «ufi:eiui<.' which occurred daily and
niiihtly among the United States toldieis in ihe encamp-
mctlt on Belle fslc.
"The excuse and explanation arc swept invav. There
i4? nothing now between tiie northern people and the diead-
tul icahty.55 |
Which was, that these barbarities were dthbei- \\
ately resorted to and practiced by the t\ bel au- '|
thorities who had the ability to act difleicntly, |i
and to treat our prisoners well—resorted to for ii
the inhuman purpose of destroying-, the liy£8,of.
our men by the slow process of starvation/ in.
this they had a double design. The first was one
which is perfectly obvious, to strike terror into
the northern population, by the atrocities com-
mitted by the iebel authorities, and by the suffer-
ings and agony our prisoners underwent in the
hands of their rebel captors; and there is no tell-
ing the extent of this evil. History will never
be able to answer the question, to what extent did
this brutal treatment tend to discourage enlist-
ments at the North, and reduce the Umon^army.
Sir, it has beyond all doubt or cavil obstructed'
the recruiting of our armies to a very large extent.
The story told by men who underwent these ago-,
nies at the South was circulated from neighbor-
hood to neighborhood, from town to town, and
from city to city. Thousands, 1 had almostsaid
hundreds of thousands of young men were de-
terred from entering the military service for the
prosecution of this war by the fear of falling into
the hands of these barbarians. It has greatly ob-
structed us in recruiting the Army, and has at the
same time deprived us of the services of a great
number of men who, if they had been properly-
treated and returned to us according to the laws
of war, would have been towers of strength in
the prosecution of the war.
Sir, 1 have only time to allude to that part of
this report of the committee which relates to the
cruelties committed upon our prisoners at An-
dersonville in Georgia. It is sickening to read
the authentic accounts that come to us both from
officers and soldiers who have been the victims
of the barbatities of Andersonville.. Only two
or throe days ago I received by mail the following
letter from a constituent of mine, a gallant young
man from my own State, who, at the commence-
ment of tlie rebellion, volunteered to act the part
of a patiiot and soldier in subduing this insurrec-
tion. It bears date more than six months ago,
and was brought to our lines by a flag of truce:
Camp Anderson, Georgia, July 12, 1864.
Dear Sir: I nrn a prisoner here, with about thirty-five
thousand others. Do take the mo-t active measures to
have us paroled or exchanged. A few mouths will end
two thirds of us.
Very leM.ecifully, CIIAS. H. HUNT.
Hon. J. M. llowvUD, Washington, D. C.
And, sir, sincc that young man wrote me that
letter, he lias succumbed to this same inhuman
treatment at the hands of rebels, and young Hunt
now fills a hero's and a martyr's grave in the
State of Georgia.
Sir, the barbarities committed upon our men
at Andersonville are absolutely indescribable,
llutnan language is impotent to bring home to the
heart and the soul of a man the horrors of those
scenes. Artists have been compelled to resort to
something more expressive than human language,
and painting and engi aving have been called in to
aid in conveying to the mind the full idea of the
biu tali ties practiced by the rebel authorities upon
our soldiets. Out of those thirty-five thousand,
1 presume not more than one half, if as many,
still survive to tell the tale of their sufferings; and
the testimony is as clear as the noonday sun that
these bai bnnties were deliberately practiced upon
our men for the double purpose of crippling and
reducing our armed force and of sinking tei-
ror into the northern population in order to pre-
vent enlistments. There does not remain ground
for a doubt that the rebel government designedly
resorted to the slow process of toiture and death
by starvation, and to freezing and starving uni-
ted, operating minute by minute, hour hy hour,
day by day, week by week,and month by month,
until the man became a living skeleton and an
idiot, no longer able to recognize Ins wife, his
chtldten, or ins friends; no longer of any value
either to himself or his countiy; and this for the
purpose of weakening our military arm and dc-
teiring our people from prosecuting the war.
Sir, I ask any man of humanity, any man who
feels a respect for his country,Does itnotbecome
us to punish these barbautics, and to punish then*
in the only way that is left us ? wlftch is, the orig-
inal and actual offenders having made their escape
or not being in our power, to seize upon their
countrymen, prisoners in our hands, and sub-
ject them to the .vimc seventies piactieed against
us. i know,sir, that the heart of a generous man
naturally revolts at the practice of retaliation. I
am not a stranger, I trust, to the ordinary feel-
