THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
fchgs of humanity; but when the voice of my own
countrymen cries to me from the dungeons of
Libby,and from the putrid pools of Anderson-
villeand implores me to interpose whatever power
I may possess to deter the rebels from the inflic-
tion of such cruelties on them, i cannot, and, so
help me*God, I will not shut my ears to their
cries. I Chink it to be our duty, our duty as a
Chrts'tiah nation, as a (Government claiming the
rjblfpect of the World, to punish these barbarities
arid tb' make it necessary for the rebels, if they
intend further to protra&t this War, to submit to
thVeode governing, civilized nations.
*JrFoW, sir, tKfc resolution does not, as has been
iihfcOrrSbtty 'stated by the Senator fron Pennsyl-
vania;, whofee sensibilities were so exercised on
this'Subject,assume to punish the rebel common
sro:ldigr who has fallen into our hands as a pris-
oner. It treats him as a soldier and a prisoner of
War Ought to be treated. No inhumanity, no re-
tkliatron Whatever in any form or degree, is to be
exercised toward him, but only toward the rebel
officer <vho has fallen into our hands as a prisoner.
* "Sir, let as touch the rebel authorities in their most
vital part. Let us make it necessary for the officers
of their artfiy, from the highest to the lowest, to
get a better example of humanity than they have
hitherto done." My opinion is that if we shall pass
this resolution it will have the effect at once to
Correct the evils of which wccompluin. I cannot
entertain a doubt that when the rebels see that
their officers in our hands are to bo subjected to
ignominious treatment, ay, sir, to the same treat-
ment which our men and officers experience at
their hftnda*in Libby prison, on Belle I«lc, and at
Andersonville, death by slow starvation, horrible
as it is to contemplate, they will quit their foul
practices, and the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania will not any longer have occasion to ex-
claim in holy horror that the honor of the United
States is tarnished.
Sir, the history of the world, certainly the his-
tory of the civilized world, presents no parallel to
the brutalities committed by the rebels. Read the
story of Daitmoor prison, you find nothing to be
compared with them. Head the story of the
Black Hole of Calcutta, you find nothing there.
Head the story of the ancient British hulks, m
which twenty thousand Eiench piisonti'N weie \
lcept in close confinement for thiee or lour years |
off the coast of England, in spaces not. more than !
four arid a halt feet high between decks, and you
will find nothing there to be compared with these
cruelties. In the whole history of modern civil-
ized war, these crimes stand outin hideous prom-
inence. There is nothing that we can find short
of the history of Indian barbarities to which they
can be likened. And as 1 said before, Mr.Pres-
ident* I look upon it as the duty of the Govern-
ment of the United States to punish Mich gioss
infractions of the laws of civilized warfare, and
to protect our prisoners in the hands of the en-
emy by holding out the salutary terror of an earn-
est anu prompt letaliation.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, among the
Other evils which in his fertile imagination he
seemed to discover, took it for planted that this !
retaliatory law, as he called it, was to be enforced j
even after the rebel authorities should have aban- !
doned their vtle practices. It shows that the Son- ;
ft tor had never read the resolution at all. The lan- !
gunge of the resolution on that subject is peifectly
clear. It says that "explicit mstiuctions ought
to be given to fhe forces having the charge of such
insuigent prisoners, requiring them to eariy out
strictly and promptly (he pi mciples of this resolu- j
tion in every case, until the President, having re- ■
ceived satisfactory information of the abandon- j
ment by the insurgents of such barbarous prac-
tices, shall revoke or modify said instructions."
Then, again, there is another clause which will
answer the other objection which the Senator
makes, that the object of this resolution is to re-
strict the authority of the President of the United
States. 1 he last clause of the resolution removes
that objection^f it be an objection:
Congress do not, however, intend by Urns resolution to
hmitoi uwiriet flie power of tlie Pioideut to the modes or
principle*of retaliation linen! mentioned, but only to ad-
vise a I'L'iojt to tliem as riumnndod l y tlie occasion. >
Leaving the whole field of retaliation in all its !
imaginable forms open and free to the Executive
of the United States, should he sec fit to resort to
it, and without binding or restricting him to the
particular mode or principles of retaliation set
forth in this resolution.
I hope, sir, the resolution will pass without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the amend-
ment. I move to strike out the entire amendment
offered by my colleague as a substitute for the
resolution, and to insert in lieu of it:
Whereas it has come to the knowledge of Congress that
great numbers of our soldiers who have fallen as prisoneis
of war into the hands of the insurgents have been subjected
to treatment unexampled for cruelty in the history of civil-
ized war, winch has resulted in the death of multitudes by
the slow process of starvation, and by moitul diseases occa-
sioned by insufficient and unhealthy food, and by wanton
exposure of their persons to the inclemency of the weather:
Thetulore,
l{fiiolorflt&'c., That the Prcsidontof the United States be,
and lie is heieby, authorized and required, as soon as may
be atter the passage of this resolution, to appoint two com-
mif&ioners to contcr with the confederate authorities, with
a view of devising some practicable plan for the relief and
better tieatment of our prisoner of war.
I suppose we all agree that our prisoners have
been most inhumanly treated by the rebel authori-
ties, and I suppose we all agreo thatsome action
ought to be taken by our Government for their
relief. It is proposed in the original resolution
to retaliate upon prisoners in our hands, with a
view to bring the rebel authorities to their senses.
It is proposed in the amendment of my colleague
that wo shall not retaliate at all; that it is inhu-
man, unchristian, and barbarous to retaliate.
Now, sir, it seems to me that the best thing we
can do is to authorize and requite the President
immediately to appoint commissioners who shall
confer with the rebel authorities, and devise some
plan, some system, for the relief of our prisoners,
and for their better treatment in the future. 1
have not the shadow of a doubt that we can do it.
If two fit and proper poisons be sent to Richmond
I have no doubt that we can so arrange this matter
as to bring practical relief, and I think we had
better try that mode than to adopt either of the
[dans proposed.
1 certainly feel the force of the argument as to
the inhumanity and barbarism of retaliation. I
could not shut a dog up and starve that dog, al-
though 1 nm ht knock the dog's btains out veiy
easily. 1 am sure of one thing, that while tlie
notion is calling for retaliation, and while every-
body a>ks for action, if the pioe.ess was adopted
of tieating rebel prisoners ao our hands as they
treat our prisoners in their hands, the humanity
of tlie nation would cry out against it. When
we come to practical action we shall find that our
people are loo good to treat rebel pi isoncrs in our
hands ax they have treated our soldiers. General
Butler proposed, some months since, what I think
is the only plan that would have been effective,
that I have seen announced in this war; and that
wns to take officersof the lebel army down on the
coast, say to Hatierns, and there put up every
day the same hill of faio for these officers that
was soived at Libby prison.
Air. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Air. GRIMES. I understand that the Secre-
tary ot War has, in response to a resolution of
the House of Ilepiesentatives,informed that body
that negotiations are goinic on, and that he anti-
cipates that in a very short time exchanges will
be made. I want to know fiom the Senator if
that is so.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know.
Mr. GRIMKS. I am not inquiring of the Sen-
ator as to whether the Secretary of War lias ko
mfoimrd the House of Representatives; but is
that the information that lie lias fiom the War
Department ?
Mr. FAR WELL. It is so reported in the
Globe.
Air. WILSON. I read this morning a state-
ment made by the Secretary of War in response
to a resolution, I think, ot the House of Repre-
sentatives, stating that exchanges were now going
on very well, and I have no doubt they will go
on very well hereafter; but 1 suppose it will never
be the case that we shall not have quite a number
of prisoners in rebel hands and have some of
theirs in our hands.
Air. GRIMES. I desire to inquire what is the
necessity for any legislation on the subject if ex-
changes are going on regularly, and if, as I under-
stand, the Secretary of War intimates to be his
opinion, there will be no future difficulty on that
subject 
Mr. GOLLAMER. And the balance is in our
favor.
A'lr. GRIMES. A large balance, forty thou-
sand, I believe, in our favor. In this state of the
case 1 cannot see the necessity for any legislation
on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my col-
league one other question of fact: whether, in
point of fact, commissioners were not sent, not
very recently, but since the war began, into the
rebel States in order to examine into the condition
of our prisoners there; and whether they were not
refused? I remember verv well that a very dis-
tinguished citizen of New York, a predecessor in
this body of my friend by my side, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] Governor Fish, and a bishop, and one or
two othercolleagues associated with him, actually
went as far as Norfolk, and permission was re-
fused to them to visit our soldiers who were their
prisoners. They were sent by the Secretary of
War or the President, i remember very well read-
ing in manuscript the instructions under which
they went, and that they got to a certain point,
and then they were sent back. That being the
case, I ask the question whether it is advisable
for Congress in a formal way to direct that com-
missioners shall be sent again.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 should like to ask the
Sfhator from Massachusetts at what time those
commissioners were appointed by the President,
and whether they were authorized in reality by
the Piesident to proceed there for that purpose.
A'lr. SUA1NER. I understand that they were
authorized to proceed there, and I named one of
the commissioners, a distinguished citizen of New
York, Governor Fish.
Mr. HENDERSON. At what time was that?
Air. SUMNER. Some two years ttgo.
Air. FOSTER. More than that. They were
not to negotiate about treatment, but to go through
the southern country and visit the prisons.
Air. SUAINER. They were to visit all our
prisoners ami all the pnsons.
Air. FOSTER. Yes.
Mr. RUM N ER. And make report thereupon.
Air. FOSTER. But not to negotiate as to the
treatment of prisoners.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot see that the refusal
of the rebel authorities to allow persons appointed
by the Government to visit our prisoners is any
reason why we should not now, after the treat-
ment our prisoners have received at the hands of
the rebels, send commissioners to devise, in con-
junction with the rebel authorities, some piacti-
eahle plan by which our prisoners can be relieved
who are in their hands, and those who may fall
into their hands hereafter be better treated m the
future. I believe such a plan can be devised. It **
may cost us some money to do it, but for one I
care nothing about the money spent to take care
of our prisoners in the hands of the rebels. I
would rather adopt some action here looking to
a system agreed upon between our Government
and the confederate authouties for the relief and
good tieatment of our prisoners, than to pass
resolutions in favor of retaliation, or, above all,
pass rcsolutionsagainst retaliation. I must con-
fess that while I am not ready to vote for the
first, I should feel that it was entirely out of place
to vote for the latter after the treatment our soldiers
have received.
I hope, then, we shall adopt a practical plan
such as I have suggested; and I will say here
thatsome men in the country who have had ex-
perience, believe that such a plan can be devised,
and that it ought to have been tried months and
months ago. I know, sir, that some of the best
minds of the countiy have been for a year and a
half in favor of trying a plan of this sort, and i
think we had better try it. ' I have undoubting
faith that if two proper men are sent to Richmond
to represent to the rebel authorities the wrongs
that they have committed against our soldiers,
men of practical sagacity, some plan will be de-
vised for the relief of our soldiers. At any rate,
I think it is right to try it.
Air. HENDRICKS. Air. President, as I list-
ened to the speech of the Senator from A'lichigan
[Mr. Howard] I was struck with the fact how
much easier it is to float with the passion of the
hour than to stand firmly where a man thinks it
is right. I know that this is a subject of extreme
