1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL013E.
1157
language of thcgentleman, (and such was my un-
derstanding of it,and the understanding,! think,
of every gentleman here,) then I can characterize
those who express their sympathy in such lan-
guage only as disloyal. That is the way in which
1 put it. The gentleman can solve the hypothesis
for himself, ami state on which side he stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. The record will show what
was the gentleman's language. If the notes of
the reporteis (provided their report be published
unaltered) do not sustain me, then my remarks
are unsustained; for they are founded on the
language which 1 understood the gentleman to
use and which I have already stated.
Now, sir, the gentleman in the commencement
of his remarks spoke of his willingness to assist
the Government in the prosecution of the war by
furnishing it witli all the men and money it may
need. 1 did not comment on that language, be-
cause I have heard from certain quarters so much
of such professions, unsustained by votes when
bills have come before us, that I did not attach
much importance to it. 1 understand perfectly
well that, like men in a boat, people may look m
one direction and row vigorously in another. I
know what too often is the worth of these pro-
fessions, thrown out in general terms, of devotion
to the country and its flag—professions unsus-
tained by official acts when votes come to be given
which will show whether such professions are
founded upon actual conviction.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I want to ask the gen-
tleman whether he measures his own professions
of loyalty by the same standard by which he
measures ours.
Mr. SCHENCK. I never measure by any-
thing that comes from the gentleman.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I am afraid the gen-
tleman never measures himself by the true stand-
ard.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not undertake to say
whether 1 sink below or rise above the standard;
but I do not take it as my measure.
Now, Mi. Speaker, we have had our say again,
and I move to close debate on this section.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 71, noes.48.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Wilson.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by inserting after the word 44 ouleied," in
the sixteenth line, the following words:
Shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on con-
viction thereof by any comt ot competent jiuis-diction.
On agreeing to the amendment there were, on
a division—ayes 53, noes 59.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 82, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Mew*. James C. Allen, Daily, Augustus C. Bald-
win, Kli-x-;, Ktoolca. Jame- S. Urown, Willi.mi G. Blown,
Clianiei, Clay, Colfioth, Cox, (Jiavens, Daw>on, Dentson,
Kden, Edgeiton, Eldndjie, Ennlis-h, Finck, Gannon. Grider,
Harding, Ilatungton, llenick, Hohnan, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kalliflci'-ch, Kciihui, Knapp, Law, La-
zcar, Lo Blond, iiOii<r, Malloiy, Maiey, MeKinnej, Middle-
lon, William H. Miller, Jame* 11. iMouip, Moiihhi, Nehon,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pcuy, Pru>n, Rogers,
James S. Rollins, lto>.«, Seotl, Stile?, Stroiise, Sweat,
To\vnseml,Vooihee*, Wad-worth, YVhaley, Wheelei,Chil-
ton A. White, Joseph VV. White, Winfieid, and Fernando
Wood—63.
NAYS—Mes^is. Allison, Ames, A-dilev, John D. Raid-
win, n.mer, lieaman, Blame, Blow, lioutwell, I5oul, lSr.ui-
dt'gce, Hroomall. Freeman Ckuko, Cobb, Cole, Hemy VVin-
tei Davi^. Thomas T. Pavr-, lJormns, J)i\on, Donnelly,
Drig«--, Dumont, Leklev. Eliot, Fainsworth, Gai field,
Gooeh, Iiiyhy, iioopei, Ilotchluss, Asahel W. Ilnbbaid,
John II. Ilnbbaid, llulluud, inger&oll, Jenckes, Kas on,
Kelley, Fianen W. Kellogs, OtSando Keliojrg, Knox,LittIe-
john. Loan, Lon«ryeai, Mat vin, McHride, MeCIuig, Samuel
F. Miller, Mori ill. Daniel Morris, Amos My°i<, Leonard
Myeis, Norton, Chaiies O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II. lttce,
Edward II. Rollins, Sehenek, Scofield. Shannon, Sloan,
Smither--, Sp,ildm«, Sf.'veiw/Thajei, Ttaey, Upson, Van
Valkenlmrsh. EUiiu B. Wa^hbnrne, Williatn 15. Washburn,
Webster, Williams Wildei, WiUon, Windoni, Wood-
bridae, and Wotrhinjjton—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
cona, Andei-jon, Arnold, Blair, Ambrose VV. Clark, Cres-
W"ll, Dawes, Fiank,Gtiunell, Griswold, Hale, Hall, Ben-
jamin G. Ham*, Chance M. lluiris, Hutching, Julian, King,
McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Odell, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson,
Smith, Starr, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stuart,
Thomas, Ward, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—37.
So the amendment was rejected.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses on the Navy appropriation bill.
I will state the principal points of difference
between the two Houses. There was one in re-
lation to the appropriation of $1,000,000 for the
Gulf, Atlantic, and Mississippi squadrons. It
was deemed that the navy-yards at Pensacola,
Port Royal, and Key Westshould beput in con-
dition so that repairs of our naval vessels should
be done at those points instead of being com-
pelled to go to the North for that purpose. It wa.s
thought that a large amount might be deducted,
and $500,000 was agreed upon.
The other point of disagreement was in relation
to the midshipmen. The House receded from the
increased number of midshipmen, for it was im-
possible that the increased number couid be ac-
commodated at Newport or Annapolis. The other
point, taking the nominating power from the
House, the Senate receded from, leaving the prop-
osition made on the partof the House that no ap-
pointment should be made from any district not
repiescn ted.
I demand the previous question.
The previous quesiion was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, it is deemed
of more importance that the loan bill should be
considered to-night. I think that we can -get
through both bills. The tariff bill is printed. I
ask unanimous conscnt that the loan bill shall be
considered to-night, and that when that is d imposed
of we shall take up and act upon the tariffbill.
There was no objection, and it was ordered/
accordingly.
RECESS,
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to rescind the order
fixing the time for taking a recess at half past four
o'clock p. m., so that we may go on with the
consideration of the enrollment bill. I do not
propose to do away with the evening session.
Ihe House divided; and there were—ayes GO,
noes 53.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 48, not voting 55;
as follows:
YEA?—Messrs Allison, Ames, Aneonn, As-hley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Bontwell, Bo\d,
Broomall, William G. Brow n,Fieenian Claike, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Wnuet Davi^, Thomas T. Davis, D.iwes, Ucniing,
Div>n, Donnelly. Dn^ss, Dmnont, F.nn«\voilh, Fiank,
Gaifield, Gooeh,'Hale, Harrington, Iligbv, Holman, Hoteh-
A*ahel W. Ilubb.ud, John II. Ilnbbaid, Hiilbnid,
Jenokes, Kasr-on, Keliey, Otlnndo Kellogij, Knox, Luile-
john, Loan, Longyear, Maiviri, McAllister, McHnde, Mc-
Clura, Samuel F."Aliller, William II. Mi lief, Momii, Daniel
Mori is, Amos M\ers, Leonaid Myeis, Noble, Notion,
Chsulcs O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oitli, Pcihani, Pomeioy,
Price, William II. Randall, John II. Ktce, Edwaid li.
Rollins, ficlienck. ^colloid, Shannon. Spalding. Steven*,
Thayui, Tiaey, Up^on, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Wa*h-
burne, William B. Wabhhuin, Whaley, Wilder, VVindom,
and Woodinid^e—79.
NAYS—."Me&srs. Jame< C. Allen, Baily, Augustus C.
Baldwin, IUi.^, Biooks, James is. Blown, Chanler, Clay,
Collioth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edi?er-
ton, Eldrid^e, Finck, Ganson, Under, Il.udinji, Fhilip
Johnson, William Jobnf-on, Kalbilei ch, Kunpp, Lazear,
EeBloinl, Long, Mallory, Maiey, MeKmney, Mtddleton,
P^rry, Fruvu, Itadloid, Ro^et>, Jame> is. Rollins, Ko^s,
Scott, Stiles, SiroiiM', Voorbce^, Wathwoitb, VViietler,
Chilton A Whit#*, Joseph W. White, Williams, Winfieid,
and Fernando Wood—
JiOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
d3^on, Arnold, Blair, Blow, Brandegoe, Ambro.-e W.
Clark, Creswell, Eckley, Eliot, En?li*h, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hall. Benjamin G. Harris, ('h irlcs M. Ilam^, f let -
rick, lloopi r, Ilmeluns, ln«' i-oll, Jtihan, Fiantn? W. Kel-
lo« <  Kern.in, K'ng, i^aw, McDowell, Mclndoe, Mooihead,
James It. MoirK Monison, Nelson. Odell, Patter-on,
Pendleton, Pike, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice,
Robinson, rfloan, tsmnh, fsmitheis, Start, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Tovvnsend,
Waid, Webster, Wilson, Benjamin Wood, Woithington,
and Yeaman—55.
So the motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT BILL AGAIN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move tos
amend by inserting what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The amendment was read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
explain the amendment.
The SPEAKER. Debate has been closed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend by striking
out of line six the words <f passage of this act"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "procla-
mation hereinafter mentioned."
The section, as reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, provides that if a deserter shall
report within sixty days after the passage of this
act, then certain results shall follow, as specified
in the bill. Now, all these deserteis in Canada
and elsewhere do not know what is done in Con-
gress, and therefore I propose to strike out the
words " sixty days after the passage of this act"
and insert4< sixty days after seeing the proclama-
tion hereinafter mentioned." The proclamation
of the President attracts attention everywhere,
and they will see it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the amendment a
very good one.
Mr. NELSON. As to the second amendment
which I shall piopose, which is that in thus re-
porting such deserters shall be relieved of all
penalties and punishment which they have in-
clined by such desertion, I can say that I have
received letters from men in Canada, who say
they are deserters from the service of the United
Slates; that they iiave violated the law; that they
are anxious, to come back, and if you will give
them amnesty for past offenses they are willing
to serve out the full time of their enlistment.
Mr.SCHENCK. Thatmattei isonly making
general, by law, what the President is doing every
day almost. 1 have myself had two or three men
putdoned by the President, and permuted Io come
hack on condition that they would serve out their
full term in their regiments.
Mr. NELSON. Had we better not make the
thing general by law ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The President is doing it
all the time.
Mr-NELSON. They do not know what the
Pi evident ib doing privately. The gentleman sug-
gests that the President does lelieve them from
all punishment when they come back. But many
of these men have been out of the country for
sometime, and are not fully posted as to the doings
of this House or as to the private action of the Pres-
ident. They know that the moment they cross
the boundary they will be seized because some-
body wants to make thirty dollars out of their
arrest. The first amendment enables these men
who have done wrong to have notice how they can •
get back; and the second says to the men who
have deserted that if they will come back their
mris shall be forgiven.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to an
amendment somewhat^n this form, at the end of
the section, " provided the President shall, m his
proclamation, notify those persons," so and so.
Mr. NELSON. 1 have no objection to that.
The question recurring upon the amendment to
strike out the words " passage of this act" and
to insert in lieu thereof the woids "proclamation
hereinafter mentioned." The question was put,
and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON. 1 now move to amend the sec-
tion by insetting the following woids:
And in thus tepoiting, Mich deserters shall be relieved of
all penalties and punishments winch they have incurred
by siH'h desertion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that the gentle-
man accept this amendment in lieu of his: add to
the section the following:
In which proclamation the President Is requested also to
notify all deserters ifturning within sixty days afore-
said that they shall be paidoned on condition of returning
io then regiment- orcompames to serve m such regiments
and companies, or in sneh other oiganizatiou as they may
he a^i«ned to, until they shall have served out the period
of time called tor by then* original term of enlistment*
Mr. NELSON. I accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
