1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend by in-
serting after the words u served out" the words
y by themselves, or acceptable substitutes."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If there are no further amend-
ments to this section the question recurs upon the
motion of the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Townsend] to strike out the section.
No further amendments were offered.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I call for the yeas and
nays upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 move to amend by in-
serting the following as a new section, to come in
after section eight:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the fifth section of tlie
act to amend an act entitled " An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and tor other purposes, ap-
proved March 3, 1863," approved Febtuary 24, 1864, so far
as it applies to the payment of money for the procuration
of substitutes, shall be construed to operate as a discharge
from military service for one year hom the date of the
payment of the money aforesaid, by any person drafted
prior to the 15ih day of February, lb63, and since the 24th
of February, 1864.
1 offer that amendment for the purpose of giving
a construction to the act to amend the act en-
titled "An act to enroll and call out the national
forces," &c., passed in 1863.
The SPEAKER. Debate has been closed upon
this section.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I offer it as an additional
section. 1 understand the House refused to strike
out the eighth section.
The SPEAKER. They did, and this being
an amendment to that section, or immediately fol-
lowing it, it cannot be discussed.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I offer this as an addi-
tional section, to come in after section eleven.
The SPEAKER. It can be offered, but not
debated, as all debate has been closed upon the
eleventh section.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I withdraw it, then, so
that I may be able to explain it hereafter.
The Cleric read the twelfth section of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK, That section proposes to
repeal section three of the act of July, 1864. I
desire to explain what that section is by referring
to thestatute. Gentlemen will find that this third
section provides that it shall be lawful for the
Executive of any State to send recruiting agents
into any rebel State.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. We are all
in favor of that. I move to add the following as
an additional section:
Sec—. And he it further enaeted/V\uu hereafter, when-
ever a call for troop* shall have been made, and the quotas
for the several sub-districts shall have been fixed, the. same
shall be published, together with the ratio or percentage of
these quotas to the several enrollments, and thereaftei at
any time prior to the day of the diaft it shall be lawful lor
any number of persons to putm an acceptable volunteeror
substitute to their ciedit, and having done so their names
shall not be placed in the wheel for the then pending diaft:
Provided, That the number of pewons claiming to put in
such substitute or volunteer shall not exceed Hie piopor-
tion of the whole number of enrolled men to the quota re-
quired, and it shall he the duty of the Provost Marshal
General to give «uch instructions and make such rules as
shall carry tins provision into effect.
The second section of the bi!l already adopted
provides that the substitute shall be a resident of
the proper district; in other words, that the party
putting in a substitute cannot change the resi-
dence of the substitute.
Now, in the agricultural portions of the coun-
try, it will be extremely difficult for a person to
put in a personal substitute because of the fact
that there is not the kind of material necessary
for substitutes to be had; that is to say, persons
who are not liable to draft, such as foreigners or
persons who have served a full term of service
and been honorably discharged. It is only in the
cities and in the larger towns where that class of
persotii% can be found for substitutes, and men
living in agricultural districts cannot go there and
get them and put them in, because that would be
changing their residence, In country districts,
therefore, gentlemen will be confined to the very
township in which they live to obtain personal
substitutes; there will be none of this material
for them to obtain substitutes from.
Now, the only remedy for persons so situated
is for them to offer large bounties and thereby
induce their own neighbors to go as volunteers
in lieu of draft. But the corporate authorities of a
borough, county, or township, may refuse to pay
those bounties,-and the result will be that many
moneyed persons in the township or borough
will be dcpuved of the privilege of contributing
anything in the way of putting in volunteers for
their relief from diaft, because they are not in a
position to raise taxes to pay bounties. There
is but one remedy left, and that i^suggested in
the amendment which I have offered. Thesame
thing is proposed in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, from the Cleveland district,
[Mr. Spalding.] Our amendmentsdiffer in this,
that mine provides for the publication of quotas,
so that parties may know what their rights are,
and how many it is necessary to get together to
put in substitutes. If one hundred men are en-
rolled and twenty-five are called for by the quota,
then any four may act together and putin an ac-
ceptable substitute and have their names taken
from the list for that draft only.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The object which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has in view is in some
senses an exceedingly just and equitable one.
There are a great many persons who do not as-
sist in filling the quotas of the several sub-dis-
tncts, and yet escape any tax for that purpose.
This whole matter, however, has been before
the Committee on Military Affairs,and has been
discussed again and again,and we saw practical
difficulties in the way of every provision of this
kind, which I think will suggest themselves to
the mind of the gentleman when I mention one
or two of them. The first great difficulty is
that this is commutation in another shape, for the
benefit of the wealthiest men in a sub-district.
Ail those in a sub-district who are able to come
forward and pay their money under such a pro-
vision would be entitled to designate themselves
or a certain proportion of them equivalent to the
number of recruits that they had purchased, in
the language of the day, to be exempted from the
draft.
Now, those who thus contribute will be the
men of means, and in proportion as one of them
after another is enabled by the help of these asso-
ciations to get rid of the draft, there remains a re-
siduum of the poorpeople of the sub-district upon
wiiom the whole burden of the draft will be
thrown. That, I think, is one of the practical
difficulties.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow ine to answer that point of his
argument? The answer to it is this, that where
the people of a township refuse to allow a tax that
would fall most heavily on the wealthy classes,
then I think the wealthy people should have the
privilege of coming together and putting in sub-
stitutes, relieving to that extent the poorer people
by reducing the quotas,
Mr. SCHENCK. it might be, Mr. Speaker,
that the people of the sub-district had not the ma-
jority to vote the taxes; and if not, the others
would be fairly relieved. There is another diffi-
culty m the way. "Who shall designate the mem-
bers of the association who are to be exempted ?
It is not stated m the amendment. I would scarcely
be willing to leave it to the provost marshal to
exercise favoritism, and determine who shall be
exempt and who shall not be.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If a party
of four persons come forward and put in a sub-
stitute they designate the order in which he shall
stand for anj^of them, if drafted.
Mr.SCHENCIv. I think thegentleman would
find a great difficulty in carrying out this idea.
There isanotheramendmcnt which if this amend-
ment prevail should be made to it. The recruit
should not only be acceptable, but should not
himself be liable to enrollment. Otherwise you
would only be giving to the Government a man
to whose services the Government has aleady a
claim.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the following as a sub-
stitute:
That any person or persons enrolled in any sub-district
may, after notice of a diait and before the same shall h^e
taken place, cause to be mustered into the service ofOTe
United States such number of recruits not subject to draft
as they may deem expedient, which recruits shall stand to
the credit of the persons thus causing them to be mustered
in, and shall be taken as substitutes lor such persons or so
many of them as may be drafted, to the extent of the num-
ber of such recruits, and in the order designated bv the
principals at ihc Uinc-ouch recruits are thus furnished and
mustered in.
Mr. Speaker, I do not see the force of the ob-
jection which the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs makes to the amendment. In
the first place he says that this would have a tend-
ency to exonerate rich men, and throw the bur-
den of the draft on the poor and moneyless. Such
would not be the effect. Even without this pro-
vision the rich man can always purchase or pro-
cure his substitute after he is drafted, and he
ordinarily does so. There is no doubt of that.
With this provision in, they all subject them-
selves to the draft, the rich man as well as the '
poor man, only the rich man has the privilege,
or rather any person, rich or poor, has the privi-
lege,after being notified of the draft, of procuring
recruits. Any person or association of persons
in any district may procure such number of re-
cruits as they may deem advisable, with the un-
derstanding that they shall designate the persons
for whom these recruits shall be accepted as sub-
stitutes in case any of them are drafted. I would
like to know if there is any earthly objection to a
provision of this sort. My amendment confines
the selection of recruits to those who are not sub-
ject to the draft. They must be acceptable re-
cruits, and must be mustered in according to the
rules of the military service. Is it not for the
benefit of the country that such men shall be pro-
cured and mustered in, without incurring a draft
at all? Such, lam told, would be the effect in
many parts of the country if this provision can
be ingrafted on the enrollment law.
I do not see, Mr. Speaker, that this can injure
any person. All those who are disposed to do
loyal service to the country can, in advance of
the draft, acquit themselves of their liability by
putting in recruits. I hope that one or the other
of these amendments will be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
call the attention of the House to these amend-
ments. Mine provides that this association of per-
sons shall be authorized to put in substitutes
prior to the draft, just as the local authorities of
the borough or township now have the right to
do. The object is to enable parties to act who
are willing to do their duty in this respect when
the local authorities do notact. My amendment
does not limit them to put in one not liable to
draft, for the very reason that it is intended to
operate in the several districts where that class
of persons is not to be found at all. If gentlemen
will reflect a moment they will see that there are
no foreigners in the farming districts, and but
few of those who have served theirtime so as not
to be liable to the draft. The amendment of the
gentleman is objectionable to me because it re-
quires the substitute not to be liable to draft, and
in that respect it differs very little from the law
as it now exists. I therefore must adhere to my
amendment.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
to strike out the whole scction.
The question was upon the substitute offered
by Mr. Spalding for the amendment of Mr.
Johnson, of Pennsylvania.
Upon this question the House divided; and
there were—ayes 52, noes 40.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, asamended, was then adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following as an additional section:
Pec.—. Jfrid he it further enacted, That hereafter, in
order to equalize the several assignments of quotas, it shall
be the duty of the proper Department to ciedit the several
district? with the number of men actually furnished, to-
gether with the period of service actually rendered, without
regard to the period of service to be rendered in the future.
The object of this amendment is to cure what
I consider the radical error m the calculation of
General Fry, upon which the present pending
draft in the country is based. The error which
I consider exists in his calculation is this: in es-
timating the number of men which have been
furnished by the several districts and States, he
takes into the account of the number of men that
have served in the field the number of men that
are enlisted to serve, together with the number
of years that they are to serve in the future;
and then he proceeds to estimate the number of
years with the number of men, in this way: sup-
pose the State of Ohio has furnished fifteen thou-
sand one year's men on the day before the call
was made by the President or the order was issued
