1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
amend the resolution by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
Together with all the expenses incident to the same.
Mr. JENCKES. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE NAYY.
Mr. ODELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to reorganize the medical department
of the United States Navy; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
MAIL SERVICE TO CHINA.
Mr, COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, reported a bill to authorise the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and China; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
CIIINCIIA ISLANDS.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, and referred to the Committee on Foi-
eign Affairs:
Iies&hed hy the Senate and House of Representative* of
the United Staler of Jh/ierira in (lovgtPS* assembled, That
the people of the United States of America view with dis-
tiust tin: Violent ami nnpiovokrd seizure of the Chincha
i.-latuld by the Spanish amhoriticb 011 the 14th day of April
last, as well as the continued ami unjustifiable letention
of'those inlands fiom the Peiuviau Government; and that
they regard itie transaction as pai t of a scheme, in connec-
tion with the movements ol Fiance and Angina in Mex-
ico, to subvert the Spanish-American republics.
PRINTING OF NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which, under the rule, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resoh ed, That theie he pi inted, for the use of the mem-
bnsol this House, two thousand five hunchcd eo^es of
the Navy Register.
MAJOR M'FARLAND.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution with
reference to Major McFailand; which was read a
fust and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, repotted that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H. II.
No. 140) authorizing the Secretary of theTreasuiy
to give the neces&ai y notice stipulated pending the
intention of the United States to purchase the
building known as Merchants'Exchange, New
York city, now used for custom-house puposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
GUNBOAT FOR LIBERIA.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the Senate bill
witii regard to furnishing a gunboat to Liberia.
Mr. IIOLMAN. i demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. SPALDING. Will not the gentleman
allow me to take up this bill?
Mr. IIOLMAN. I think we had better pro-
ceed to the regular order.
QUESTION Off PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideiation of the appeal taken yesterday from
the decision of the Chair by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks.] Upon that question
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to imitate the
example of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] so far as to speak without evidence, or
to hope that the House will take my assertions
as true, and theiefore-I will give a portion of my
time to the gentleman who represents General
Butler's district, [Mr. Boutwell,] who will give
us the facts of which he has possession. We will
then see how far the remarks of the gentleman
from New York are justified.
Mr. BOCJTWELL. Mr. Speaker, under the
circumstances which exist it is quite possible that
I may be compelled to ask the indulgence of the
I-iuiue for a lungei period of tune than is assigned
by its rules to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Steven*.] 1 do not propose to take time in
making remarks, but there is a certain amount of
evidence necessai ily to be submitted to this House
and to the country m order that this question may
be understood; and as my course of proceeding
will necessarily be determined by the measure of
time which the House may be disposed to allot
to me, I take this opportunity of asking the
House to allow me one hour beyond what re-
mains of the time assigned to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, with the hope that in that period
1 can offer what I have to submit to the House,
and leave also time for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to submit the remarks which it is his
purpose to make.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent that his time
may be extended one hour.
Mr. COX. I will not object if the same priv-
ilege btt extended to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] to reply. That is nothing
more than fair.
The SPEA KER. Is there objection to the pro-
posed extension of the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, with the understanding that the
gentleman from New York shall have a similar
extension, if lie desires to reply?
No objection was made.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It is my fortune, Mr.
Speaker, and not ill fortune, that I represent the
district of Massachusetts in which General Butler
resides. When the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] on a day now some time since
passed, charged upon General Butler the crime
of being u a g ld robber," I paid no heed to it. 1
had seen from the commencement of this war that
secessionists, and men whose sympathies are with
the purposes of the secessionists, had not hesi-
tated, whenever and wherever they could obtain
the ear of the public, to arraign whomsoever they
might upon whom in any degree, in their esti-
mation, rested the crime of being patriots. I re-
membeied that General Butler had been the first
man to expound to this country and to the world
the true doctrine as to the rights of the negro race
on this continent, and to expose to mankind the
course necessary to be pursued in order that tins
rebellion might be crushed, i regarded the ob-
servation of the gentleman from New York as an
observation made in harmony with these con-
tinued and oft-rcpeatcd dechuations made by se-
cessionists in the South and secessionists and
their sympathizers in the North. I did not prop-
erly appreciate the circumstance that ho spoke
from this floor, that he was here shielded by the
Constitution, that he had in a certain sense the
ear of the American public, and peihaps of the
world, and that what he uttered went upon the
iccoids of this House and became a part of the
history of the country.
General Butler being the subject of that obser-
vation, took a different \iew entirely of the mat-
ter, and when the remark was brought to his no-
tice he addressed a letter to the gentleman from
New Yotlc. That letter has been read before tins
House, and its contents are known to the coun-
try generally. If it had been what the gentle-
man from New York assumed upon thisfloorthat
it was, a challenge to him to mortal combat, if he
had not been overwhelmed by his fears, he would
have rcjoiced that that day for which he longed,
the day for the reconstruction of this Union as it
was, had approached, in tlmtthe assassination was
attempted in one part of this city of a member for
words spoken in debate, and that there was a chal-
lenge to another, reviving recollections which must
have been grateful to him of those days when the
Union did exist" as it was"and there was no free-
dom of speech upon this floor or upon the floorof
the other House of Congress; but his fears over-
came entirely the tendency which he otheiwise
would have had to rejoice in the restoration of the
palmy days when assassination and dueling were
tolerated in the capital of the country. But (hose
days are passed, and now that there arc no longer
plantation masters here or to be represented here,
i trust that plantation manners also will depart
. from us. ,
It was the last of the designs of General^Butler
to challenge the gentleman from New Tiork to
moital combat. The letter to the gentleman
was dated on the 20th day of January. On that
game day Gcneial Butler addressed a letter to
the Speaker of this House, which was not sefH*
I have examined General Butiler's letter book,&fl<l
I find that the letter to the Speaker afliici^ates ia.
order the letter addressed to the gentleman from.
New York, and if there were no other evidence*,
it would sufficiently explain the purpose which*
General Butler had in view, I send that letter
the Clerk, and ask that it be read ta the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, January SO, 136ft* ^
Sir : I take leave moat respectfully to request you to lay
before the House of Representatives this note, in order ta
avail myself of the only means of redress known to me
without breach of the privileges of the honorable House*
Mr. Jamks Brooks, a member of the House, on" the 6th
of January, is repoited to have used in debate the follow-
ing language:
" I mil bound to say that an effort was made by the Fed-
eral Government dining the pendency of the late presiden-
tial election to control the city of New York, by tending
there a bold robber, in the peison of a major general of the
United States. Robber as lie was of the public Treasuiy,
and major general of the United States as he was, he dared
not exercise the power given to him to attempt to control
the actions of those whom the gerstleman calls thieves and
robbers In mv own city." * * * * *
The correctness of the report of which I have taken meas-
ures to ascertain.
Here, then, is a charge made upon the responsibility of
the position Mr. J3rooks occupies of very high crimes and
misdemeanors alleged to be committed by an officer of the
United States which, if he is guilty, ought to be visited by
the most condign punishment.
If tiie charge is calumnious and false, then it is due to
the national honor that it should be unstained by the im-
putation of the employment ot such a person in its service
in high official position, and it would seem also due to the
dignity of the House that a public slanderer should be re-
buked.
The Constitution and laws of the United States and par-
liamentary usage give to the officer thus charged no means
of ledress through the ordinary courts of law, or any other
mode known among honorable men; therefore, appealing to
the sense of justice of the honorable House, I respectfully
af-kthat an investigation may be ordered ot the charges so
prefened against ine by a member ot the House, tluougha^
committee of its members with the most ample powers ot
inquiry.
Fnrthei, in order not to embarrass the investigation by
confining it tu the single charge made, I de-site to have put
in issue every official act of my public life which can in any
way be supposed to affect my official integrity or personal
honor, and that my accusei have leave to make good his
accusation before the committee ofthe House, so that if the
accused be found guilty, pi oper prosecution may beoiderod
in the courts for his punishment; or it the accusation be
found false and calumnious, the honorable House may bo
in position to vindicate its own honor and dignity by the
due punishment of a public calumniator and slanderer.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
BEN. F. BUTLER.
Hon. Speaker Hotisc of Representatives, Congress of tho
United States.
Mr. ROUTWELL. That 13 a copy from Gen-
eral Butler's letter book of a letter which he in-
tended to address to the Speaker of this House
whenever the gentleman from New York should
have replied to the letter sent to him on the 20th
of this month. Lest there should be any mis-
understanding I will say this in regard to these
letters: up to yesterday, after the adjournment
of the House, I had never conversed with Gen-
eral Butler or with any friend of his in reference
to any official act of his life. As the gentleman
from New York was about closing his remarks I
went over to the seat of the honorable member
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and said to
him that I desired that the Housesliould adjourn
before this debate closed, and that to-morrow I
would probably present official documents to thia
House. At that moment 1 had no knowledge that
any official documents existed, but I had known
General Butler for twenty-five years. 1 knew his
faults; 1 knew his virtues; I knew his fallings; I
knew his capacities; I knewthatin a transaction
involving §50,000 he had evidence incontrovert-
ible as to the position he occupied. And when I
approached him, as I did last evening, without any
suggestion from him, and reported to him in brief
the statements that had been made on this floor,
and said to him that if he had any documents to
present to the House, I, as his Representative,
should be happy to be the means of communica.-.
ting them, he opened his letter book and showed
to °«e the two letters, the one addressed to the
gentleman from New York and the other to the
Speaker of the House. He said that both were
written at the same time; and they appeared on
the letter book in their proper position, only that
the copy of the letter to the Speaker preceded
that of the letter to the gentleman from New York.
At tho same time I had the boldness to meet there
Captain Clarke, who was in the uniform of the
Republic. I know that if he had worn gray uni-
