1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL--GLOB®.
1159
for this draft. Then the State would have credit
for fifteen thousand one-year men. On the same
day the State of Pennsylvania had furnished five
thousand three-year men. Then those five thou-
sand three-year men from Pennsylvania would
equalize the fifteen thousand one-year men from
the State of Ohio, and upon that basis the enroll-
ment would be assigned.
That would be all very well if it was well known
that this war was to last three years, and that
these men would all serve out their time if they
are not killed, or do not die from (Ksease, or in
some other way become thrown out of the service
before they had served out the half of their time.
Now, if we should obtain peace by the 4th of July
next, then the State of Ohio, under this proposi-
tion, will have furnished nearly ten thousand
men more than the State of Pennnsylvania, un-
der the call, because there is no provision for
what these men shall do when the war closes, or
when they are discharged before the expiration
of their term of service.
It is an error of calculation; it is erroneous for
this reason: it puts the men in the Pennsylvania
reserves, who have served their full three years
of service, who fought before Richmond under
McClellan; who fought before Washington under
Pope; who fought at Antietam under McClellan,
at Fredricksburg under Burnside, at Chancellors-
vitie under Hooker, and at Gettysburg under
Meade, against those men who have merely
promised to serve for three years to come. And
if the war closes before that three years expire
then the State which has furnished their old three-
year men will be defrauded, according to this
calculation. Therefore it is for the purpose of
correcting this radical error, which is creating so
much disturbance throughout the whole country,
that I offer this amendment.
Mr. NELSON. I desire to state my under-
standing of this proposition. The amendment
is this: if nt the last call for troops made by the
President the State of Connecticut, for instance,
furnished five thousand three-year men and the
State of Rhode Island furnished the same num-
ber under the same call, but for one year, then at
the next call Connecticut shall furnish the same
amount as Rhode Island does. That is to say,
that State that furnished three-year men under
one call shall get no more credit than the State
that furnished an equal number of men for one
year only. Now, iu New York many of us did
not believe that the war would end right away.
And under the last call we endeavored to fill our
quota in some of the districts with three-year
men; and the patriotic and industrious men not
liable to draft contributed liberally of their means,
and have sent men for three years. Now, is there
any justice in this proposition to make those dis-
tricts which have furnished three-year men, in-
stead of one-year men, furnish now the same
number of men as those districts who furnished
all one-year men and no three-year men? That
is a simple statement of this proposition. The
wrong appears upon its face. Your district, we
will say, has furnished men for three years; while
my district has furnished them for one year. Is
it right that when you have five thousand men in
the field to serve for two years yet to come your
disnict shall furnish another thousand and mine
another thousand ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The error
of the gentleman's argument is this, that he puts
service to be rendered in the future against scr vice
rendered in the past. Now, when Rhode Island
puts in her one-year man against New York's
three-year man, let them both serve one year,
and then let Rhode Island be called on to furnish
another man for the second year which the New
York man serves.
Mr. NELSON. That would do, if the Gov-
ernment would let off New York's three-year
man at the end of one year; but the Government
keeps him in the service.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. We can
give New York the credit of the second year of
her three-year man, while the State of Rhode
Island is called on to furnish a man in the place
of her one-year man whose term has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that debate upon
the section, and allamendmentsthereto, be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Pennsyl-
vania, was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by inserting the following as a new section:
Sec. —. Jind be it farther enacted, That hereafter in all
examinations, whether of drafted men, substitutes, or vol-
unteers, under this act and the several acts to which this
is supplementary, the rules and regulations for the accept-
ance and rejection of recruits, on the score of physical
ability or disability, and for other causes, shall be the same.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend by in-
serting the following as a new section:
gEc, —. JJnd be it further cnactcd, That hereafter it
shall be lawful for any person to present to any United
Slates mustering officer or provost marshal an acceptable
substitute for himself, and have the same mustered into
the bcrvice of the United States; and thereupon such per-
son so mustering in such substitute shall be exempted
from enrollment and dratt for the period such substitute
shall be so mustered; and the sub-disuict in which the
principal resides shall have credit accordingly.
The amendment was rejected.
The thirteenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That section fifteen
of the act approved February 14,1864, entitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other puipo&es," be, and the same is hereby, amended by
inserting after the words {i any civil magistrate" the words
or any person authoi ized by law to administer oaths."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend by in-
serting the following as a new section:
Sec. —. be it further enacted, That the fifth sec-
tion of an act to amend an act entitled "An act tor en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes, approved March 3, l863,"approved iVbruary24,
1864, so far as it applies to the payment of money for the
procuration of substitutes, shall be construed to operate
as a discharge from mtlitaty service for one year fiom the
date of the payment of money aforesaid, by any person
drafted piior to the 15th day of February, 1865, and since
the 24th of Febiuaiy, 1864.
I desire to explain, in a very few woids, my
purpose in offering this amendment. The object
is to give construction to former acts upon this
subject. The question has arisen in many dis-
tricts whether, under the act of February, 1864,
men were authorized to pay in $300 and thus ex-
empt themselves from military service. That
question, 1 understand,has been submitted to the
Secretary of War; but, so far as the public knows,
no decision upon it has been made. The object
of this amendment is to give to those who have
paid in $300 under the commutation clause credit
for one year from the date of such payment.
I desire to soy further that this is a question
thatdoes notaffect my constituents, for they have
not had occasion to avail themselves of this pro-
vision for commutation, as we have, under the
various calls, furnished our quotas throughout
the State.
But there are members here whose constituents
have felt an interest in the proper construction of
this section. It is evident, fiom the reading of
the law, that the purpose was to exempt those
who paid $300, that being received by the Gov-
ernment in consideration of the services of the
party who was drafted. I believe that this is only
fair to those who have been called upon to pay
commutation money. It was contemplated by
Congress that they should have that credit.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois gives manifestly a wrong construction to the
law as I understand it. In the fifth section of the
act of February, 1864, to which he refers, it is
provided that the maximum time for which the
$300 should exempt a man was one year, and the
minimum was until the next call, which mightbe
in a month. The longest possible time that the
payment of money would leave a man off the en-
rollment was one year, when his name, it was
provided, should be put back again. If, however,
there was another call within a few weeks, he
was liable to the draft. The gentleman's amend-
ment gives a wrong construction to the law, and
I hope that it will be rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to strike out the last
word. . .
I think that the gentleman from Ohio is wrong
in his construction of the law. The law as it
stands exempts the man who pays for one year,
that is, the time for which the quota was called.
He is not again to be liable until that year has
expired. It would be absurd to say that a man
drafted to-day for one year, after paying his
money, should be again liable to draft within that
time. There is no doubt that the construction
of the gentleman from Illinois is the right one.
This commutation was in lieu of his service for
one year and he was to be exempted during that
time. It seems to me that there can be no doubt
about that construction of the law. I hope that
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will refer to the section
of the law. It provides that if any drafted per-
son shall hereafter pay moneyforthe procuration
of a substitute under the provision of the act to
which this is an amendment, such payment of
money shall only operate to relieve such person
from the draft in filling that quota; and his name
shall be retained upon the rolls in filling future
quotas. Now, th&t fixes the normal law in the
case.
Mr. STEVENS. The law evidently is that it
exempts the man for the time for which he was
drafted. It exempts him for a year. 1 withdraw
my amendment.
The question recurred on theamendmentof Mr.
J. C. Allen.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 44,
noes 53.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. J. C.Allen
and Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56, noes 62.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to add the following:
That so much of all acts or parts of acts entitled acts to
regulate and provide for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes, as authorize the Pres-
ident of the (Jrutcd States to raise uoops by conscription
he, and hereby aie, lepealed; and that all acts and paits of
acts inconsistent with this section be, and the same arc
hereby, repealed.
Mr. Speaker, my object in offering this is to
give an opportunity to those upon this floor who
conscientiously and earnestly believe the whole
system of a draft is contrary to the spirit of our
institutions and opposed to the welfare of our
people to place their vote upon record. I deem
ltagreatprivilege, with those whoagree with me,
to say to the people of the country that we ad-
here to the military system under which our lib-
erties were won, and that we are unwilling to fall
away from it and the precedents of the American
Government, to establish the European system of
raising troops and organizing armies in the midst
of a civil war. Our recent victories show that
the armies of the rebellion, raised by conscription,
are fleeing everywhere before our troops who
were raised by volunteering. Why should we,
imitating those who have rebelled against the
Government of the United Statesand inaugurated
a system of conscription, adoptasimilar lawand
impose it upon the loyal and devoted people of
this country, who have responded to every call
of the Government thus far, and exposed them-
selves and offered their fortunes for the protec-
tion of the Union ?
If the signs of the times do not mislead us, the
rebel hosts have been scattered, and the arch-con-
spirator who drew them after him in rebellion
against the highest earthly power, the people of
this country, is about being hurled from his bad
eminence, overthrown by our veteran volunteers
and their skillful commanders. A conflict is rag-
ing among the stars which emblazon the southern
half of our political horizon. That ruling spirit
which they called from his high station here to
hold them in harmony by his genius is stealing
them one by one from their eccentric orbits to
adorn the seat of his power as the center of anew
system. Whether by force supernal or infernal
he may achieve this mighty wrong we know not.
The supreme power may be snatched from apor-
tton of our people, and the sovereignty of our
States may glitter in the southern cross above the
throne of a despot. If so it is to be, then before
long the weary eyes of those who withdrew from
our councils and our fellowship with proud looks
and bloody hands must cower before the artificial
blaze of light which shall burst from that throne,
and bowing their prostrate forms before their ty-
rant yearn for the calm and peaceful effulgence
which once fell with universal blessing on the re-
motest section of this Union. With this warning
sent to us from the very field of battle are we
not unwise and heedless of the dangers actually
surrounding the Constitution and the Union by
continuing this conscription bill among our laws?
Can we hope to escape the consequences insep-
