1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
arable from an undue military power in the hands
of one man and his partisans? Are we prepared
to surrender the civil and religious rights of every
citizen of this country to the almost Tutkish jus-
tice of a military tribunal ?
Rut suppose, as we have good reason to hope,
♦hat our rebellious brothers reunite with us again
in national council for the restoration of the Union
as it was. Suppose that they unite their force
with our armies and bear their banner and their
cross, token of suffering and betrayal, against the
new emperor whose audacious throne is already
fixed upon a continent proclaimed free, and, under
God, sacred to the sovereignty of the people
alone. Againsthim, united in battle, we may hope
forever to sustain unbroken and untarnished the
bright shield of our Union as it ever before gleamed
in triumph against the despotic principles of feu-
dalism and vassalage, until this whole bound-
less continent be ours. If this comes to pass, and
our people arm themselves again for war, does
any man dream that a conscription will be needed ?
The past history of this crisis has shown it to
have been unnecessary; at the present it is useless
and worse than unnecessary, it is corrupt. Let
the enrollment Jaw be now repealed.
i see no reason for debating this subject further.
I do not wish to continue to draw upon the pas-
sions of the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Schenck.] i submit the matter to the considera-
tion of the House with a perfect reliance in the
propriety of my action in voting against this bill,
and am ready to abide by the judgment which
may be passed upon its merits by the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that all debate be
closed upon this section and all amendments
thereto.
Mr. SLOAN. I move that all debate be closed
upon the enure bill.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. Fill CIS. I object.
The trillion of Mr. Garfield was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon my amendment, and tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ciianler
and Broomall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 93, not voting CO;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Biooks, Chanler, Clay, Deni-
hon, Edeu, Edgerion, Eidtidge, B-'Hjamin G. Hatrio, Le
Blond, Long, Mallory, Williain 11. Miliar, Morrison, Noble,
John OWeiH, Pendleton, Peiry, Ptu> i , Rogers Ross, Stiles,
Strouse, Townscnd, Wadbworth. Chilton A. White, and
Jos. pli \V. White—27.
NAYS—Moisrs, James C.Allen, Allison, Ames, Ashley,
Baily, John 1). lJaldwin, fiaxtei, llcaman, Blame,, L o>d,
Brandegee, ilroomuli, Cobb, Colo, Uraven>, IJeniy Winter
Davis, Thomas T. DavK, Dawes, Demm«*, Don
nelly,DriersDumont, Eckley, Eliot, Engi^h, 1\* !*worth,
Fiank, Gnut-on, Garfield, Gooeii, Gridei, GiifW.>ui, Ilale,
Iligby, Hooper, Uoulikiss, Afdln'l W. Hubbard, John li.
Hubbard, Hulhurd, Imjersoll, Jenekes, Kelley, FianeisW.
Kellogjj, Oi lando Kellogg, Kmc, Knox, Lazeai, Littlejohn,
Loan, Longyear, Maicy, Marvin, Mcliride, McOlurg, Sam-
uel F. Miller, Moorhcad, Moriill, Daniel Mom?, Amos
Myers-, Leonard Myers, Norton, Odeli. CJiarlns O'Neill,
Ouh, Patterson, Perham. Pomeioy, Price, William il.
Randall. Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II.
Rollins--, Schenek. Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smitbers, Spald-
ing, Steven*, Thayer, Tiaey, Up-on, Van Valkenburyh,
Ehhu B. W.ishbinno, William B. Wa-hbmn, Wel ter,
Whalry, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windoin,
Woodbud«e, and VVortiinn ion—9.5.
NOT VOTING—Me-^rs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Blow,
Boutvvell, James S. Brown, William G. Biovvn, Ambiose
VV. Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Cofftoth, Cox, Creswell. Daw-
feon, Fmek, Gumiell, Hall, Hording, Harungton, Charles
RL Harris, Ilerriek, Holman, Hutclnns, Philip Johii&on,
William Jointbon, Julian, Kalbflei^ch, Ka^sOti, Kernan,
Knapp, Law, MeAU^tei, McDowell, McTndoe, McKin-
ney, Muldleton, James ft. Morris, NeKon, Pike, Radford,
Bamuel J, Randall, Robinson, James 3. Rollins, Seofield,
Smith, Starr, John B.Steele, William G. Steele, Stuart,
Sweat, Thomas, Voorhees, Waul, Winlield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—GO,
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to amend by
inserting the followingas new sections:
Sfc. —. Jlndbeit futther enacted,That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized to detail one or more of the em-
ployes of the War Department for the purpose of ndmmis-
tei nig the oath* required by law in the settlement of othcers'
accounts ior clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quarter-
masters* ttorcs, aud oidnance, which oath& shall be admin-
istered without expense to the parlies taking them, and
shall be as binding upon the persons taking the same, and
if falsely taken shall subjectthem to the same penalty,as if
the same wore udminietered by a magistrate or justice of
the peace.
Sec. —. Jind be it further cnactcd. That "acting assist-
ant surgeons," and '* eoimact suigeons,"and surgeons and
commissioners on emolhng bostids, while m the mihtaiy
service of the United States, shall herealtei be exempt I rom
ail liability to be dratted under the provisions of this act
and the acts to which this is an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that matter is not
fully understood. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the payment by any per-
son of ,$400'to the provost marshal of his distuct (to be
pioved by ^aid provost maisbai's leeeipt for the same) t-hall
exempt *uch person lioiti all liability to imhtaiy service
foi the term of twelvemonths thereafter; and the payment
of .$'100 in like manner shall exempt any person s-o paying
the same Irom military service for the term of two yea is
thereafter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that amendment germane
to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by add-
ing the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter the head of a
family, consisting of not less than two children dependent
upon him for Mippoi t, the mothei being dead and he hav-
ing no wife living, sliail be exempt fromdialt into the mil-
itary service of the United States: Provided, That the en-
tire value of the leal and personal estate owned by such
head of family shall not exeeed in value $1,000 and hit. in-
come shall not exceed $500 per annum.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask unan-
imous consent to go back for the purpose of offer-
ing a proviso to the second section.
Objection was niatle.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Then I offer
my amendment us a new section, as foliows:
jlndbeit fuit her enact edy That any per&on who shall have
servnd in the Mexican war and heeri honotahly discharged,
and having in addition served through one enlistment din-
ing the present rebellion, and been honorably dischmged
from the service, shall be exempt from military duly lor
three, years from and after the passage of this act.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the House refused to
strike out the twelfth section.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous consent
to extend the time of the recess until half past
seven o'clock, instead of seven o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I then make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ft^r. WADSWORTH. I move to rescind the
order by which the House agreed to sit here until
we shall have disposed of this bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—ayes 45, noes 61.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter no draft shall
be oidcicd until ior ninety day> pnor thereto the President
of the United States shall have made pioclnmation lor
volunteers for the respective period* of one, two, or three
jeais, as he shall deem proper, and in such proclamation
he shall have offered to every itcrmt the sum of §-500 as
bounty for one year, $1,000 for two years, and $1,500 for
j tiitee years in quarteily installments; and if at the expua-
tion of the '•aid term of ninety days one hall the number
of men required t-hall be furnished, then he Khali issue a
similar proclamation limiting the tune for volunteering to
sixty da>s; and if at the expuation of sixty days one half
the leMdue shall be furnished, then he shall is.-ue a like
proclamation limiting the period to thirty days, at the ex-
j pnation of which time it shall be lawful to i&sue an older
i for draft for the balance of the number of men originally
| required according to the ptovisions of this act and the
j- acts to which this is supplementary.
I desire to say a word or two in explanation
of that amendment.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, all
debate having been closed upon this section and
amendments offered thereto.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the (able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the fourteenth and last
section of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to close all debate
upon that section, and all amendments thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHK1SS. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section to the bill:
Jind he it further enacted, That all district provost mar-
shals shall have authority, under such orders and regula-
tions as the Provost iMarshal General shall presciibe, to
compel the appeaiance at any tune before the einolhng
board of then respective dis-tuets of all persons emolled
in said district, lor the purpose of examination and the
correcting and perfecting of the said enrollment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and the pending amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the bill and amend-
ment on the table.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the hill and amendment on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, i suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
that we progress with this bill until we reach the
vote upon its passage, and then postpone it until
a certain hour to-morrow when we can have a full
House.
Several Membkrs. Why not pass it now?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It is late,
and there is not a full House here. [Cries of
<l Pass Jt now."]
Mr. SCHENCK. The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania mi^lit do in ordinaiy
times, but there are only iive days of the session
left, and the hill has yet to go to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. There are only four days
of the session remaining.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon the amend-
ment ptoposed by Mr. Hotchkiss.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. ldesire to sayawordor
two in explanation of my amendment.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having been seconded.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to'explain the object of the
amendment. [Mingled cues of " Object!55 and
" Hear him !"from ail parts of the House.] 1 am
sure if the House understood the amendment
they would agree to it. [Loud cries of " Order !'*
and " Hear him !"] A moment only.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made upon
both sides of the House, and no debate is in order
under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Well, 1 demand tellers
upon the amendment.
Tellers were notoidered.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 26,
noes 77.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. GANSON. 1 call for the reading in full
of the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too late;
the bill has already received its third reading.
Mr. SCHEJNCK. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, hays 46, not voting 53;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, Gaily, Baxter,
Iieaman, Blaine, IJLur, Homwell, Iloyd, Brandegee,liroom-
nll, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes. Doming, D.xon. Donnelly, Dnggs, Dumont, Eck-
lev,Eliot, Farn^woith,Frank, Garfield, Goooh, Griswold,
Hale, Fligbv, Hooper, A^ahel W. Hubbard, John II. liub-
baid. Hulburd, lmr«M<oll, Jenekes, Ka^son. Kelley, Francis
\V. Kellogg, Oilaudo Kellogg, Littlejohn, fcoan, Longyear,
Marvin, McBride, McClurg, Samuel F. iMiller, Moorhcad,
Moiull, D.nnel Morns, Amos Myer?, Leonard Nor-
ton, Ch.nles O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Peihnm, Pome oy,
Price, William If Randall, John II. Kice, Edward II. Rol-
lins, James S. Ilollms, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Smith-
ei Stevens. Thajer, Tracy, Upson, Van Yulkenhnrgh,
Klihti H. YVa-diiuirne, William h. Washburn, Webster,
Whale)', Wheeler, Williams, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Worttungton—83.
