1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the main line, though it does not cover anything
like thatamountof land. It runs through a series
of valleys in California and Oregon where the land
is almost all taken up.
Mr.KERNAN. They can hardly do anything
with it the coming summer. Let it go over so
that we can have an opportunity to undeiatand it.
Mr. McBRlDE. This bill has been printed
and upon our table for weeks past. If gentlemen
had taken any interest in it, I think they could
have examined it before.
Mr. ItASSON. I offer the following additional
section,being the same I offered to the land-grant
bills for the State of Iowa:
Sec. — Jlnd be it further cnacted, That if either of said
companies shall fail to complete twenty miles of road in
any one year, the lands not earned by previous construc-
tion shall revert to the United States, and become subject
to disposition as fully as if this act had not been passed.
And ail the lands certified to either of &aid companies under
this act '-hall be sold by said computus, at puvate or pub-
lic sale, within five years fiom the time such companies
may bccome entitled thereto.
Where you allow these companies eight or ten
years within which to complete their work, they
obtain possession of these lands and hold them
all from settlement, thus weakening the State
which it |s proposed the road will benefit, by re-
tarding increase of settlers, and the develop-
•-EG.ent of''the resources of the State, if the road
gets* into the hands of capitalists they tie up these
lands for an indefinite period of time. I there-
fore desire the incorporation of such a provision
as this in every land grant for railroad purposes
which shall be made, for the interest of the State
through which the road is to pass.
Mr. COLE, of California. I wish to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Iowa. I would
like him to state whether, in ease of a failure to
complete the twenty miles each year, there is to
be a forfeiture of ail of the land, or only of the
land along that twenty miles.
Mr. KASSON. If it were restricted to the
lands along the twenty miles that would not do.
It would be ineffective unless the entire lands
should revert.
Mr. COLE, of California. I am sorry that the
gentleman did not bring his proposition before
the select committee before whom this subject
has been under consideration for a long time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There should
be no objection to that amendment.
Mr.Mi'BRf DEdemanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois,demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of'the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken-, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 59, nays 34, not voting 89;
as follows:
YE-IS—Messrs. James O. Allen, Allison, Amos, Baily,
Batter, Beantan, Boimvell, Boyd, Fieeman Clarke, Cole,
i)rjEcklej, Lden, Eliot, Griswold, Hale, Higby, A<ahel
W. Ilubbnid, John II Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Ka&>on,
Kelley, Ftaneis W. Kello<r<r, Oil-mdo Kellogg. Knox, Law,
Lazear, Le Hlond, Lmlejohn, Loan, Longvear, Marvin,
McAllister, McIJnde, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Amos
Myers', Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Patter-
son, Pcrham, Pike, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II, Rice,
Edward II. Rollins, Scofield, Shannon, Smithers, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, William B. YVashbuin,
Wnaley, Wilder, and VVorthington—59
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss,
Brooks, Cobb. Cojlroth, Cox, Thoirws T. Davis, Dawes,
Penison, Dixon. Gan.-on, Hetrick, Ilulbutd, Kalbfioisch,
Kernan. Long, Marcy. Middleton, Mot rill. Darnel Morns,
John O'Neill, Orih, Pendleton, Pruyn, William II. Ran-
dall, itosf-, Thomas, Townsend, Tiacy, Waid.Elihu B.
YVas-hburne, Chilton A. White, nnd Wilson—3-1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs William J. Allen, Alley. An-
derson, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Blame, Blair,
Blow, Bnuidegee, Bioomall, James Blown, William G.
Brown. Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Craven*!, Cies-
well, Heniy Winter Davis, Dawson, Deming, Donnelly,
Dumont, Edsjerton, Eidridge, English, Famsworth, Finck,
Frank, Garfield, Gooeh, Grider, Grinnfil, Hall, Hardin?,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Hairis Chailes M. Harris, llol-
man, Hooper, llotchki^, Ilutchins, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson,^Julian, King, Knapp, Mailorv, McDowell,
Melndoe, MeKinney. William II. Miller. Moorhead, James
It. Moiri<, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, Perry, Pomeroy, ,
K.idrord, Samuel J. Randall, Robinton, Rogers, James S. j
lioliiii^, trehtnek, Scott. Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Htan,
William G. Steele. Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Van
Valkrmbursb. Vooihees, Wadsworth. Webster, Wheeler,
Jo.-cph W White, Williams, Windom,Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeuman -S9.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SHANNON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled House joint resolution No. 82, in
relation to the distribution of books and docu-
ments; when the Speaker signed the same.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. I ask that my col-
league, Mr. Finck, have leave of absence for this
evening.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
MARGARET CIIANEY.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee of Claims a bill for the
relief of Maigarct Chaney, the old woman re-
ferred to some time ago by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] as having lost a hun-
dred dollar note. There is no doubt that the note
was burnt up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
LOAN BILL. Sf
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to take up and consider the loan bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accoidingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Littlejohn in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideiation of House bill No. 772, to pro-
vide ways and means for the support of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move a substitute for the
bill. When my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Hooper] has been heard, and any other gentle-
man who wishes to speak on the subject, I will
close the debate with a few remarks.
The Clerk read the substitute,.as follows:
That the Secretary of the Tieasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to boriowfiom time to time, on the credit of
the United States, asum not exceeding $600,000,000, and
to issue therelor coupons or legistered bonds, redeemable
at the plea>ure of the Government alter ten yeais, and pay-
able at anytime not nioietiian forty years from the parage
of this act, at a rate of interest not exceeding right per cent,
per annum, and ofsuch denominations, not less than fifty
dollars, as he may deem expedient. And he may, in his
discretion, dispose of such bond--, at any time, upon such
terms as he may deem most advisable. And taid bonds
shall be exempt from taxation by or understate or munici-
pal authority.
Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury >lniil be at liberty to exchange bonds similar
to tho«e provided for in the fiist section of this actwith the
holders of any bonds or obligations o! the United States
bearing interest: Provided, That such exchange shall be
offered by the hoideis of obligations within two years after
the parage of this act.
Sec. 3. JJiid be it further cnacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury may dispose of bonds similar to those pro-
vided lor in the fir< t section of this act, m exchange lor
Tieasury notes, certificates of indebtedness, certificates of
deposit, or any representatives of value which have been
or may he issued under any act of Congress; and when-
ever any person or persons owning a claim against the
United States for mateuals or supplies furnished, which
shrill have been duly adjusted and approved by the proper
officers, and for the payment of which requisitions shall
have been duly made by the iippiopriate Department or offi-
cer, upon the 'Treasury of the United Stales, shall have
given notic in writing to the Department or oflicei making
the requisition, that the owner ofsuch claim desires tosub-
scnbc lor a loan authorized to the amount of said claim, or
some part thereof, and to receive m payment of the same
the bonds or other obligations similar to those provided for
by this act, the said officer or Department, when making
such requisition, shall specify therein the name or names
of the claimant or claimants who shall iiave given such
notice, and also the amount of such claim or claims; and
thereupon the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue to the
officer or Depai uncut making such requisition the bonds or
other obligations aforesaid, to be delivered in payment to
said claimant or claimants at the same rates and under the
same conditions that the Secretary disposes ofsimiiar bonds
or obligations, not below par, to other parties; and such is-
suing of bonds or obligation* shall to that extent be a valid
compliance with such requisition.
Mr. STEVENS. The last section of my sub-
stitute ha«* *not been printed, and I understand
the gentle .an from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoofer]
will offer the same matter as an amendment to
the original bUl, and in that respect they will not
differ.
Mr. HOOPER. This bill, with some amend-
ments that lam directed by the committee to pro-
pose, came from the Treasury Department. It au-
thorizes $600,000,000 to be borrowed for the next
fiscal year on such terms and in such of the forms
as have been heretofore authorized, except that
no part of it shall be made legal tender, or be in
smaller denominations than fifty dollars. The
annual rateof interest is limited not to exceed six
per cent, if payable in coin, nor in any case to
exceed seven and three tenths per cent.; and the
time for which any bonds may be issued is limited
at not less than five nor more than forty years.
Within these limitations nnd restrictions the bill
leaves everything to the discretion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The substitute offered by the chairman of the
committee proposes to confine the Secretary to
the issue of bonds payable after ten years, and
bearing interest at the annual rate of eight per
cent., payable in currency. In all other respects
the bill and substitute are essentially alike. The
annual rate of seven and three tenths for interest
was deemed by the committee the highest that the
Government ought to pay for money under any
circumstances. By making the principal and in-
terest of the bonded debt payable in coin we have
some standard of value in view to which every-
thing used as currency should be brought as early
as is practicable. It seemed therefore to the com-
mittee important to adhere to the policy which
has been heretofore adopted, of paying the in-
terest on all bonds in coin, in view of making the
cuirency equivalent to coin at the earliest possi-
ble period.
I do not propose to detain the House by any
further remarks, but I will answer any inquiries
in explanation of the bill. Unless the commit-
tee desire further discussion I will now propose
amendments which 1 am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer. The first is of a verbal character
entirely. It is to insert in line thirteen after the
word 44 at" and before the words " any period,"
the words 44 or after;" so that the clause will
read:
At the pleasure of the Government nt or after any period
not less than five yeais nor more than forty years from
date,&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr HOOPER. I move to amend in line four-
teen after the word 44 or" by inserting the words
"may be made redeemable and;" so that the
clause will read, 44 or may be made redeemable
and payable as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend, in line
eighteen, by striking out "and" and inserting
44 and bear such dates and be;" so that the clause
will read:
Not less than fifty dollars, and bear such dates and be
made redeemable or payable at such periods, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. At the end of the first section
I move to add the following proviso:
•Awl provided further, That the act entitled "An act to
provide ways and means for the support of the Government,
and for other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, shall be
so construed as to authorize the issue of bonds of any de-
scription authorized by this act. And any Treasury notes,
or other obligations, bearing interest, issued under any act
of Congress, may, at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and with the consent, of the holder, be converted
into any description of bonds authorized by this act. And
no bonds so authorized shall be considered a part of the
amount of $600,000,000 hereinbefoie authoiized.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to state in explanation
of this amendment, that the object of it js to make
any bonds that are authorized to be issued after
the 4th of March—that is, the bonds remaining
under the bill of the last session—homogeneous
with the bonds authorized under this act, arid to
allow the Secretary, if he chooses, to give them
the same character as the notes which are author-
ized to be issued under this act, or the notes
which he may see fit to issue under this act. It
merely brings what remain of the bonds author-
ized to be issued by the act of last year into the
same category with the bonds authorized by this
act.
Mr. PRUYN. What is the difference?
Mr. HOOPER. There is no difference. All
the authority under this act is genera!.
Mr. PRUYN. I mean, what is the difference
between these bonds and those of last year?
Mr. HOOPER. This bill is more comprehen-
sive as to the forms that may be used than the
bill of last year.
Mr. PRUYN* The rate of interest will be the
