1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of war) which inlelu^e used against that officer"-? army,
from nil ahm c.'ionj/^an ho liold liable for the capture j s si
tui^pci^sor lor the toit in not luturning upon 'leui.md which
meiiit trover attei the enem> heo.une a friend anil
cflpaciatf d to sue. J run iiK liurd f> think t3i.it it.ivunpaid
the money to hi-sGoves runout would anv.vei th<*r!enm>fi. It
was to avoid Ihis altei-question, however, (i had no doubt
on the first,) That I hesitated to tiny the money to the Gov-
ernment. ritill I am ru ty at the l.iw, and u y opinions are
not now, if tliev ever weic, worth much.
Yours, truly,' B. F. CUTLER.
16 Wall Street, Octobcr^Q, ISQ4.
My Deau Sir: You leave Mr. Smith no alternative but
to commence an action. It id not neeessaiy theie he any
publications its the papers if you will authorize any attor-
ney to appear for you, but otherwise it is nece^aiy.
1 do not wnh^ny publication unless you wish it. Pien^e
let me know your attorney at once, if you have one here.
Truly, EDWARDS PlDliREPONT.
Major General Butler.
Headquarters near Varina, October 28,1864.
My Dear Sir: Your note inclosing the summons and
complaint in the case of Mr. Smith and Ihothei was received
]as.t evening in the field. I hasten to answer.
Although not a resident of New York or amenable to the
juu^diction ol her eomt«, that a summons could hardly
bring me in, jct I hhail at once acknowledge sei vice and
insti uct my attoi ney, John A. Ilackett, Iv-q-, to make an-
swer. Having done this, I shall icly on your courtesy to
allow me a liitte time to go to Washington to niafcf the fbl- 1
lowing disposition of the cause. When you desired me to
assent to a fnendly suit 1 could make no answer to the
piopo'iiion, nec.mse as anoflicial [ could do nothing in any
way to compiomNe the right- of the United Slates. Now,
however, your piocfedina inviritum leave^ine in a riiJlor-
ent bituauon, because although 1 nm acknowledging ser-
vice, '.ttlt as 1 nuut come to New York and can hardly
tiavel iitco*., you could obtain sei vice, and theiefoie with-
out pM'iiidice a suit may be con>idf,ied i'anly beirun.
I will now apply to the War Depni tment, and a  k the Gov-
ernment to assume the defense; it that !•« done, Then I
have no lurfhei mt-rest in the matter ; if not, then I am at
libeity to arrange u itli j«mr client, or contest the suit a-? I
choose, and am left free to negotiate about a matter in
winch 1 c in have no pei>onal interest except to save mv-
self iiom cos>t.  So toon, there'oie. as I can get away,
whit h I hop<" to be in a few days, I will make ans-wi r, or
will meet jou a« you piefet. and be able, to state exactly
rnv pONiuon on tins "iihjeet. ' Ot comse, the suit, if it goes
foiward, will he removed into tin* eoutts of tiie United
States. You will not need to be told that these Mi<*ge.,tion-=i
do not pioceed liom any desire to delay \our clients ; bnt,
in fact, to lutiher then interests. if they luve any. You
will please answei ine at once whether tins comae will
meet vonr eoneurrenee.
As t9 publication, I beg leave to repeat to you that X can
have no objection to any person knowing eveiy fact con-
nected with thi-s transaction. Tlie nio-t exaggerated sto-
nes have been told about it privately, fioin which 1 nm
suO'enmr; butwliatcan I do about it that [ Dave not>lone? i
lti.'spectfuiiy, BENJ.F. BHTLlttt,
j&Iajvt General, \
Hon. Edwarp? Pihrre^ont. ^ _ j
Counselor at Lsw, 16 Wall Sheet. '
16 W U-L ^trltt, November % 18C4.
MYDfc.ni Gexcrvl: Yours i<-ce;vtd, and ^atisfaetory.
You have been a gencial ^rrice vou were a lawver, and
when joti speak of jim&lictiou 1 think \ ou have not read
our recent .statute.
We have a way to £>rtjiifhiUctio)i not like old way ; but
that is no matter. I will skow yon when we meet. Yout
pi opositmn is bdtisfactoiy, and I shall confer witii your at-
torney.
I bend you my spcech.
YoutEDWARDS PIBRRRPONT.
Major General Butler.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the Inst let-
tor indicates that General Butler was ahoutto ap-
ply to the War Department for leave to pay over
the money, and that the Department should as-
sume the responsibility of the defense. 1 now lay
befoie the House Ins letter to the Solicitor of the
War Department and the reply of the War De-
partment, which wlil close the papeis oil this
branch of the case.
The Cieik read, as follows:
IIeadq'rr Dep't Virginia, axu North Carolina,
Fortress Momuh-\ Va., November 23, IStf-h
My Dear Whiting • I inclose here with to jou a note to
the Hecietary ot Wai, in i< l.tii« n to the matter  >t Samuel
Smith & Co , bankers, of New Oilcans.
1 think it a clear ease lor a t«M que-tion. and hope tire
Goveimnent Will deiend it. Plea-e hung the p.ipei to the
notice of the Societar\, and get hi-* pit mission to allow me
to publish the note in rnv own justification.
Although somewhat thick skinned to new-paper attacks
yet *>ouie of my tfooiJ and Uue ti lends an: w iltitig mc that I
on ht to evpl.un the f.icN, and 1 know no better way to do
so "than b> s-ich publication.
If i may ictv. upon those fuendly relations which eirtst
betw< "n u-, upon you to piocure t!u> to b« done, jou w«!i
av'al nimthei to the many obligations under which 1 aut to
J('l'V'he by why do \ou not come to tlie "fionfand -ee
how war e- actually earned on? I Will give you a " plate
a,Y,Hui',tmiyr BBNJ. F. BUIXER,
idui.-, truij, Mr .ot c ,;leraL
Hon. VVim.i 151 Wiiitisg, Solicitor of then ar Derailment.
War Department,
Washington CITY, December 6,1864.
General: I am instructed by the tSecictary of War to
infoim you—
/•Wit. 'j'hat your communication dated at TortrcssMon-
roe, Novembet 28, and addiCf-fcCd to him in iclation to the
claim of Samuel Smith & Co. against you, was referred to
the Judge Advocate General for opinion and report ou the
question of indemnity you ask for.
Upon that reference, the Judge Advocate General re-
ports :
"The question of indemnification cannot be determined
at this frtape of the proceedings. Should theie be ajudg-
ment against the applicant Iris lights to be indenmilied
against it will depend upon the chaiaeterof his conduct,
considered in all its beatings, which had given ns-e to the
suit. This will be he-^t understood when examined in the
light of iheteptnnoriy which will be pioduced on the trial.
It the applicant acted within the scope ot his powers, fairly
interpreted, hi* claims to pioteetion against the icsuks of
this suit should be allowed. The fact that he has tctallied
the gold seized and now holds it, subject to the Older of
the Government, is not considered as affecting the lightor
obligations involved."
Tin* icpoit is approved, and will govern the action of
the Depai tment upon \ our request for indemnity.
Second. Jn iclation to } out request for leave to publish
your letiei to the Secretary of War, tlie Secictaiy directs
me to say that no objection i« made by the Depai tment to
your publication of any statement iniegard to the claim of
Smith £c Co. which you may deem essential foryoui vin-
dication.
Tkitd. In reference to the information jiven by you to
the Department, a eopv ot your memorandum in relation
to the gold of Smith & Co.,"seized by you, tiled with your
accounts and vouchers in the War Dcpaitment, ia hereto
annexed.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. D, TO WNSTiND,
Assistant iljutant General.
Major General B. P. Butler, Commanding Deparfmcntof
I agunci and Noith CaioLina, City Point, VuginUt.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, this closes
tlie documentary evidence I hnve to submit to the
House in regntd to tlio ehnrge nn\de by the gen-
llemnn from New^ork, [Mi. Brooks.] As tar
as I can judge of the weight of evidence, it ia con-
clusive in its refutation of this statement made by
him.
In the first place, there is no element of the
crime of robbery m this transaction from the be-
ginning to the end. The seizure was made by a
jiuhlie officer, a military commander, in pursu-
ance of what lie believed then to be his duty, and
what 1 believe n jury of his countrymen any-
where, on the evidence, would find to have been
Ins duty under the circumstances in which he was
placed. lie submitted the whole question of the
right of property, as far as it could be submitted,
to a military commission, and he followed the
decree, or award made by that commission, and
within fifteen days reported tlie facts to the Gov-
ernment, and fioin that day to this he has always
been ready and responsible. He Ijas again and
jfain solicited the Department to take the money
and assutae the responsibility—cither to take it
as belonging to the Government, or pay it over
to Samuel Smith & Co., and relieve him.
I am not here as tiie defender of General But-
ler. He has no claim upon me, and 1 have no
obligation toward him, except what l owe to my
countrymen whenever and wherever applying for
justice. Believing:, also, that wherever the slan-
der is made, there, if possible, ill that place, it
should be exposed, I have voluntecied so far as
to submit this evidence in this particular case.
And I say, further, while I have no information
in reo-anl to an y other transaction of Geiieial Fiut-
ler, f believe, whenever the issue is made with
him in reference to any transaction of his, he will
be as clearly triumphant over his enemies as in
this day and this place I believe him now to be.
I ask the Clerk to read an extract from the
speech of the gentleman from New Yoik: and
then I will submit to him the question I indicated
at the bt-siuning of my remarks.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 1 am brain,I to "ay that an efl'ort w.ls ma,-If! In" the Fed-
oral Guv.'i riaeiit dm in',' the pendency of tlie late iiieMden-
f'l.'ciioii to contiol llio city of New loik by sending
then* a bold robber, in the person nl'a nr,i|ur uenerj! of tiie
Curved J-'t.ile*. Itobiier as Ire wa" of the imblie Tre'i^ny,
and maioi eeneiai of the Halted States a. he. was, he dared
not fUM ise the power gi\en to hun to attempt In control
ilrc aol.mis of those whom the gentleman eulls tluovcs and
lohbers in mv own eny.'!
True copy : II. t:- CLARKL,, Captain and A. V. O.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask
the gentleman from JNrew Yoik whether 1 roivi the
evidence which has been submitted to this House,
and in view of all the circumstances in the case,
ho reaffirms the extract which has been road from
the Clerk's desk, or retracts it? 1 yield for a re-
ply.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the gentleman concluded
his remarks?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have not.
3V1 r. BROOKS. Whenever the gentleman con-
cludes 1 shall be happy to make reply. 'X'he in-
troduction of his remarks shows that he is not
entitled to courtesy. He spoke of me as in sym-
pathy with the secessionists. At the conclusion
of the gentleman's remarks, and finding what lie
has to say, I shall be ready to reply.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 understand, then, that
the gentleman is neither prepared at this moment
to reaffirm thestatement made in thatspeech, nor
to retract it. On this evidence, conclusive as to
the falsity of the charge, the gentleman from New
York stands silent, and will neither reaffirm tire
declaration that he has made to this House and
to the country, that Major General Butler of the
Army is a gold robber, nor will he, upon this
evidence, retract it. Has it make no impression
upon him? Does he not comprehend it: Docs
he yet persist in allowing that declaration made
in his specch to stand upon the record? If he haa
a nnmc to live, does not the dread of posterity in-
spire him to do justice to a servant of the country ?
Is he still silent? Has he no voice to reaffirm
whlfhe has declared, or is he yet destitute, shall
I say of manliness, to admit that lie Was mis-
taken ?
1 yield to tlie gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] whatever may remain of tlie time
allotted to me.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 presume the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Br.ooits] desires to be
heard, and as 1 intend, when 1 finish my remarks,
to move to lay the appeal upon the table, 1 will
conclude my lemarks after the gentleman from
New York shall have finished.
Mr. BROOKS. I prefer that the gentleman
shall conclude his remaiks.
Mr. Sl'EVEiMS. As those remarks will de-
pend much upon the course taken by the gentle-
man from New -York I will take my chance to
©btain the floor again.
Mr. BROOKS took the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. Yesterday, sir, the privilege
of a gentleman was suspended because of soma
supposed intimidation toward a member of this
House. The Halls of this House have been very
largely ciowded with faces strange to me, anil
thrj  may be stinnge to others. 1 ask that the
rule which excludes persons who have not the
pnvilegcs of the floor be enforced.
The'SPEAKHll. As the Clutir is requested
to enfoi ee the rule, all persons not allowed to re-
main by the rules of the House will retire, and
the Doorkeeper will enforce the rules.
Proceedings were suspended for a few moments
while the Hall was being cleared of persons not
eniitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that many gentlemen have not retired from
the Hall, bnt oniy into the cloak room. 1 ask
that the rule may be enforced.
The SPEAKER. It has been decided repeat-
edly, upon appeal, that the doors of the cloak
room are the bar of the House, and therefore
persons outside of those doors are outside of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not surprised that when,
in the discharge of a high public duty, I assai jed.
a series of coriuptions, l am met with the spirit
with which I have been met by the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
and the not less honorable gentleman from the
State of Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] whorep-
lesents the distiict from which Major General
Butler comes. The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in a speech last night, chose to use
adjectives which, if not unbecoming his dignity,
his age, and his position, at least are unbecoming
the dignity of this House, for he used adjectives
like these: " vindictive," " malignant," " outra-
geous," "indecent;" nouns like these: " filth,
II slanders;" verbs like this: "skulk." And when
two thirds of this House yesteiday voted me the
piivilege to go on, the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania rose and lectured the other side-—
no, not the other side; on this question there is
no other side; neitherside wishes to see the prop-
erty of this country plundered or the enemy fed
