398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
and supplied by men in the conduct of our own |
armies; on these things there is but one side—I 1
say he lectured his own people in a style like this:
" [ am only sorry the names of those who gave that piiv-
ilege n e not upon the record that the country might see and
point at them with scorn."
Talk of plantation manners! [Referring to Mr.
BouTwivLL's remarks.] There is no overseer in
Alabama or in South Carolina who would talk
to the negroes on his plantation in a style like
that which the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania addressed to the Republican members
yesterday on the floor of this House. £Ie treated
the Republican party as Jhis plantation, and a
negro plantation ! Members of that party must be
considered by him as serfs or slaves to endure a
lecture like that from the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Toward them he would point the
finger of scorn, and of them he required a rec-
ord, in order that the country might point at them
the fingerofscorn. Plantation manners all this;
nothing but plantation manners! For thirty years
I have been on or about the floor of this House,
and no overseer of a plantation in South Carolina
or Georgia ever seated here did I ever hear ad-
dress white men as the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvaniaaddressed his white men yesterday
upon this floor.
" r>ir," a^krd he, "how can It he possible that ^nmn
could be broimlti m  iM:ini such a motion, with a iflf no-
tice of what would follow, unless it vveie to giatify an ap~
peine wlm-Ii lows the filthiest garbage which i*« tlnown
foi ih fiom the lou I Cat btomuch by malignant hate
I know not what vocabulary that gentleman
had been studying; I know not in what school he
lias been taught during his vacation. Certainly
not in (hat classic place to which another honor-
able gentleman referred the other day, the Five
Points of New York; for they do not, nor will
they, use any such language as that which the
honorable gentleman introduced into this debate
yesterday, and applied to the Representatives of
this i louse.
Thete are three gates in London somewhat re-
nowned and peculiar for their style of literature:
Newgate, the gale of the prison; Cripplegate, the
gate of the cripples; and Billingsgate, the gate of
the fishwomen; and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania must have studied his vocabulary in all the
three—Newgate, Cripplegate, and Billingsgate—
before he came here yesterday to lecture his party
in this House. [Great laughter.] Sir, there are
-certain fountains which run out m the progress
of time, and when they do run out they flow with
nothing but with mud and with "garbage," and
there are certain persons
" Who chew on wisdom past,
And toiler on and blunder to the last."
[Laughter.]
Sir, such language as the gentleman used is not
decorous nor pioper to be applied, I will not say
to me, but to any member or to any portion of
the membeis of the House of Representatives.
It is not argument, it is not logic, it is not retort;
it hardly rises even to the dignity of pailiament-
ary blackguardism.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. CoimvKU.] in the discharge of his duty as
the Rnprcsenuuiveof Major General Butler—and
it may lie due to him to say that it was perhaps
the.discharge of a necessary duty—chose to con-
nect me with secessionists, or to describe me as
one whosesympathy with secessionists prompted
and inspired the remarks which 1 made respect-
ing Major General Cutler upon the floor of this
House. I challenge fhe record of the past with the
honorable gentleman fiom Massachusetts from
the beginning of Ins career and of mine. At no
time, now, during the war, or before it, have I
ever been allied in any manner with those who
are disloyal or unfaithful to the Constitution of
my country,or to the flag, the stars and stripes,
of that country. I have never been allied with
those who thought that the Constitution was a
compact with hell. I never have been connected
with those who desired a new Constitution or a
new Bible, for I have been content with the Con-
stitution as it came down to us from our fathers,
and the Bible as it was expounded by our fathers.
Sir, the disumonists and secessionists, if not
now, who have been hitherto on the floor of this
House and elsewhere, are those who inspired the
causes which led to this war, not alone in the
southern but in the northern country; those who
created a not in the city of Boston bccause they
would violate or not enforce the law surrendering
fugitive slaves; those who trod down the United
States marshal in the execution of that law; those
who furnished John Brown with pikes to invade
the State of Virginia, and to drive those pikes into
the hearts of the innocent women and children of
Virginia; those are the oldest secessionists, the
preliminary rebels of this war.
No record of mine, no document, no speech,
no expression of mine here or elsewhere, ever con-
nected me with the rebels of this country. From
the moment the gun was fired at Fort Sumter, I
had no heart or sympathy with them. They
were my enemies then as they are now. Yet the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts has
chosen to say that if an aid-de-camp of some gen-
eral not dressed in Army blue, but with the gray
armor of the rebels, had approached me, I should
have been less concerned than when an aid-de-
camp of General Butler invaded my room. But
that is only rhetoric, perhaps. It is worse, how-
ever, it is slander; and it is as unjust as it is slan-
derous. It comes certainly with an ill grace from
Massachusetts, with the records of rebellion that
that State has,and with the antecedent record that
he himself has. And what is the record of his
client and constituent in this case? No man, Mr.
Speaker, did more, or, I might say, as much, to
excite and arouse the feelings of this country,
and to bring about that hostility which led to the
clash of arms as Major General Butler. Belong-
ing to the Democratic party, and the most ultra
of that party, he was ever first and foremost in
stimulating and encouraging that hostility and
invective which would lead to excitement and
to war, and whenever the Democratic party was
disposed to compromise or make concessions in
any way which would lead to pacification, he was
the last of all to yield, and the*first and foremost
to bring about that collision of opinion which
would lead to this clash of arms. And yet I,
who am of the school of Clay, and of Massachu-
setts's own Webster, trained in obedience to the
Constitution and laws, never even responsible for
any of the eriorsofthe Democratic party, hardly
connected with that party except so far as it chose
to honor me here with its sympathy and its votes,
elected hot e upon the floor of this House in oppo-
sition to the machinery of that party; I am de-
nounced by the Representative of this Geneial
Butler as a man more disposed to welcome a rebel
uniform of gray than the blue uniform of a sol-
dier of the IJmted States!
Sir, in the Charleston convention, which led to
the lupturo of the Democratic pat ty and the elec-
tion of Lincoln, if Butler himself had been the paid
agent of Jeff. Davis and of the conspirators to de-
stroy this Uifton, he could not have acted a more
efficient or a mote fatal part in sundering and
dividing that party and bringing about this col-
lision than he did as a delegate from Massachu-
setts to that convention. I never voted in my life
foi JeflVison Davis, while Major Geneial Butler
voted fifty-seven times m the Charleston conven-
tion for this same JelFerson Davis, to make him
President of the United Scales. Compare my
record, (hen, with Ins. Compare my past with
his. A sagacious man, like General Butler, a man
of talent and power and capacity, must have
known very well, while he was thusacting in the
Charleston convention, where all that action would
lead; that it would lead to a disruption of the
party of the Democracy, and in that disruption
to a triumph of the Republican party. Tins agent,
this colleague, this associate of Jefferson Davis,
m a letter addressed to the Speaker of this House
— turning up now this day fur the first time from
his letter book, afti r his letter to me had been
delivered for days—calls me a calumniator, and
uiges this House to exercise Us power in order to
drive me from my seat on this floor home to my
constituents. Calumniator! JNro man is capable
of uttering words more calumnious than Major
General Butler. No man ofteneror better selects
his subjects when he inflicts these calumnies—safe
subjects, such as ministers of the gospel, women
and children, or often persons subject to his ab-
solute control; and yet he denounces others as
calumniators, and me among them, as calumni-
ating him. Sir, no calumny can ever be used
which would quite describe the life and history
of this Major General Butler.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr.BouTWELL] spoke, and so did the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
of the services which General Butler has rendered
to his country. Sir, he has done no more than 1
have done. We both have shed large quantities
of ink for our country, but upon the whole 1
think I have shed the most. Neither of us has
done anything more. No blood of his has been
spilled. No successful victory of his has been
recorded. No thanks of Congress have ever been
rendered to him. Big Bethel and Fort Fisher
stand as monumentsof disaster and shame,under
his control, while no such record,at least, stands
against me. Theservices which he has rendered
to his country have been services of injury, in
exciting passions, in exasperating^he South, and
in dividing the North. These are the services he
has rendered to his country—no more.
I am told that he curbed the proud Empire city
of New York; that he restrained it within proper
boundarieson the day of election; that but for him
there was no knowing what might have passed. At
least we might have been in the throes and agonies
of civil war. Sir, we but amused ourselves when
General Butler came to the city of New York
with the pictures that he exhibited. There were
some twenty, twenty-five, or thirty aids-de-
camp, mounted on horses, riding to and fro up
and down our beautiful Fifth avenue, to the aston-
ishment of our males and to the gratification of
our ladies. But, so far from exercising any in-
fluence through fear or by authority, with not the
least terror did he ever inspire the lofty and proud
people of that magnificent city. If we were born
ever to be subjected—that city of a million people
—to anything' but the Government and laws of
the country, we never were born to be overridden
and subjected to any Major General Butler. We
did not scorn him; we did not even defy him.
We looked upon the whole show in front of the
Hoffman House in Fifth avenue as we would look
on a body of circus riders in some beatiful amphi-
theater, [laughter,] amusing ourselves with the
various performances of his aids as they pranced
ofl* for different parts of the city.
Sir, he did render, however, some essential
service. In my judgment, and m the judgment
of our friends, he increased the Democratic ma-
jority from five to ten thousand votes. The
Democratic party—if my Democratic friends will
forgive my saying so—sometimes contains cer-
tain members who are not always orderly on
election days. Among the laboring classes the
election is a holiday. They are sometimes in the
habit ofindulgingin a generous glass of the cheap-
est liquor which some neighboring porter-house
may administer to their comfort or zeal. On
that election day and a few days before we told
them that General Butler had come there to create
an cxcitement and disturbance, and we exhorted
this Democratic people to allow no glass of liquor
to be drunk in the city of New York till after
sunset of that day, and if they saw any scolding
going on, to take the scolding person aside with-
out any collision or controversy with him. The
consequence was that we voted in solemn col-
umns, like men marching to a solemn duty, with-
out liquor, without coutroveisy, without any
excitement whatsoever; and the peace of that
election ran up the Democratic majority toward
forty thousand in the Empire city. Sir, that was
the only service that he did the country there;
the rest was but jest, melodrama, theatrical war.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
was pleased to say that since the record of Hast-
ings in India no man had had so wide and so ex-
tensive a command as Major General Butler.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
will permit me to say that I think that was a most
unfoitunate allusion. The history of Hastings
in India is in a good degree the history of Major
General Butler at New Oilcans and throughout
all those regions on the Mississippi. I wiil not
recall that history; but I will recall the fact that
years afterward the proudest and the loftiest
.spirits m the British Parliament, from Burke on-
ward, arraigned Hastings foi his conduct in In-
dia as I have arraigned Bntlerhere, and as others
hereafter will amugn him on the floor of this
House, for his conduct in New Orleans and else-
where. And, sir, the history of Butler will, I
ventuie to predict, be the fate of HastiTigs: sup-
ported by a ministry, though but feebly and par-
tially supported, yet recorded in history as a
plunderer and a robber, and bequeathing to pos-
