1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
less iron-clads and other vessels; in experiments
on all kind of war materials; in the purchase of
■worthless supplies, outfits, and armaments, mere-
ly for the purpose of dispensing patronage; in the
extortions submitted to in like quarters from the
same motives; in the support and pay of thou-
sands of idle civil officials under pay who have
done nothing, and are doing nothing; in the nu-
merous military and naval officeis on "like
duty," namely, drawing pay and doing nothing;
in the omission or refusal of the Government to
exchange promptly prisoners, thus depriving the
service of an average force of at least thirty thou-
sand men, and in consequence entailing an ex-
pense in the support of the confederate prisoners
in our prisons; and finally, in the many millions
expended in the care and support of worthless,
dependent negroes, to which may be added the
vast sums spent for fishing bounties* for soldiers'
bounties, for traveling agents in various forms;
supporting at least one hundred thousand men
•who have rendered no public service whatever.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is yet another element
of expense. 1 allude to the corruptions and frauds;
frauds in making contracts, frauds in purchasing
supplies without contracts, frauds in the charge
and allowance of commissions, in the collusion
between officers of the Government and outside
parties, in the official appropriation of public
money, in the pretended payment of bounties, in
false pay-rolls, in alleged recruiting expenses, in
the expenditures for the payment of soldiers and
others not actually employed. Why, sir, a mem-
ber of tins House told me the other day that there
are over one million men upon the pay-roll, al-
leged to be in the Army. Well, sir, we all know
that there are not to-day over half a million men
under arms as soldiers of this Government. Yet
we are paying over one million men to-day.
Where are they? They have no existence in
fact as soldiers; and the Government is defrauded
of an extraordinary amount.
Then, too, there are frauds in the payment of
supplies, in the alleged expenses of the collection
* department, in the collusion ofmternal revenue col-
lectors and assessors with met chants and manu-
facturers. Theie are frauds m thecustom-houses,
in the navy-yards, in the provostmarshals'officcs,
in the selling of Government property to rebels,
in alleged supplies to rebel prisoners, in alleged
service for mail-carrying, in the expenditure of a
vast secret-service fund.
J will admit that it is almost impossible, in con-
ducting a Government like this at a time like this,
to maintain the stiictest integrity m all its vari-
ous departments. But, sir, these frauds, these
irregularities, these profligate and useless expend-
itures, have during the last four yeais been greater
than were ever witnessed before in this or any
other country. These are among the chief causes
which have contributed to the creation of the
present debt.
Now, sir, the first requisite is the institution of
principles of ngid economy. We want reform;
reform in the conduct of every branch of the Gov-
ernment, in the planning of campaigns, m the ex-
penditure of money, bur especially in the conduct
of the finances. The great objects of the states-
men who represent tins Administration in Con-
gress appear to be m the development of ingen-
ious devices to tax and borrow. To them there
appears to be no other resource. It does not ap-
pear to be within their comprehension that there
are other means for raising revenue. As prepara-
tory to some suggestions on this point, permit
me to offer a few general reflections. Assuming
that a merchant has a capital of $100,000, and
puts his notes into the market for that sum, his
notes are worth one hundied cents upon the dol-
lar. if he issues notes for £200,000 they are
worth but fifty cents on the dollar. And so, in
proportion as he extends his ciedit and issues ins
promises, those promises decrease in value.
So it is with our credit. Our political finan-
ciers are surprised because the late military re-
suits have not lessened the value of gold. They
think that gold ought to have fallen because we
have had military successes. Such has not been
the eflect—and why? Because the market value
ot'goid when measured by currency is regulated
by commercial and monetary considerations in-
stead of military ones. The reason-why these
military results have not laised the price of the
national currency is, fir^t, because there is au un-
due redundancy of it, owing to the fact that the
monetary affairs of the country have been badly
conducted; secondly, this system from the time
it was devised has been of a character necessarily
to depreciate the responsibility of the Govern-
ment; and thirdly, because our expenditures are
so much in excess of our revenues. How long
would you trust a man with an annual income of
$30,000, who spent $90,000? How long would
any prudent merchant have confidence in the re-
sponsibility of an individual or corporation that
expended three times its revenue, and made up
the difference by borrowing? The same princi-
ples apply to the affairs of Government. Public
affairs, if properly conducted, arc administered
on the same principles that govern individuals.
Those who pretend otherwise and who talk about
the science of sociology, and seek to throw around
th is question a mysterious exclusiveness of knowl-
edge, really understand very little about it. There
is no other science than that which is founded in
common sense.
Hence it is, by the extraordinary expenditures
and the other errors to which I have referred,
we are a large debtor with inadequate assets.
The difference between our receipts and disburse-
ments is so great that public confidence is want-
ing. This want of confidence is shown in the
difference between the standai d of value—namely,
the precious metals—and our promises to pay.
We may talk as we please, but,after all, this is
the plain, palpable fact. Now, sir, where is the
remedy ? it is not only in the economy and judi-
cious management of public affairs, but in the
development and realization of resources within
our reach but not yet attempted. We have substan-
tial elements of value and wealth inexhaustible.
At the last session ofCongrcss I introduced a res-
olution, with the intent to initiate a policy of great
moment. I refer to the proposition requesting
the President to assume possession of and work
the mineral lands belonging to the Government.
Our Territories of Idaho, Arizona, Montana, and
States of Oregon, California, and Nevada contain
gold, silver, and other minerals of a value prob-
ably far beyond that of similar wealth in any other
country of the world. Other nations have made
available such resources. Napoleon covets the
rich provinces of Mexico solely fur the revenues
to be derived from them m the precious met-
als. He seeks Sonora, the richest mining district
of Mexico, that his coffers may be replenished.
For years he has been devising this scheme as a
source of national wealth and not of territorial
acquisition. Spam by the proceeds of her quick-
silver mines was enabled to bear the expense of
a war with both France and England almost at
the same time. Russia derives large products
from similar quarters. Indeed,ail nations except
ourselves have availed themselves of the riches
existing in the bowels of their own earth, within
their own territory.
Now, sir, we have mineral lands in excess of
all European Powers together. Idaho, Nevada,
Oregon, California, Arizona, and Colorado, are
three fourths precious ore. Thisis public prop-
erty—as much so as this Capitol. Not one step
has been taken toward realizing these values.
No sir, not one; but we have gone on borrowing
to-day to pay that which weborowed yesterday,
apparently with no other thought or faculty than
that of spending, taxing, and borrowing. A pru-
dent merchant would conveit existing assets
before doins*either one or the other. No sane indi-
vidual would borrow at large interest \\ bile in the
possession of illimitable wealth lying idle and
unproductive.
But there is yet another mode of raising reve-
nue, in a manner that neither taxes nor imposes
liabilities—a mode which will impose no burden
upon the American people. I allude to the levy-
ing of an export duty upon aiticles shipped
abioad. I know that thegeneral opinion is—and
such was my opinion until recently—thatthereis
a constitutional restriction against levying an ex-
port duty. I have looked into that question, sir,
and 1 have availed myself of such authorities
and information as were at hand in order to ascer-
tain whether it was so or not, and whether the
authorities were sufficient to justify the cone!"-
sion that there was no power. The Chamber of
Commerce, in NewYoik,has sent a memorial to
Congress asking an amendment to the Constitu-
tion permitting Congress to impose a duty upon
exports; and I understand the honorable gentle-
man fiom Maryland [Mi. Da^is] has introduced
a proposition to the same effect.
1 have read with great cute the debates of the
convention which framed the Constitution, and
of the several State conventions which ratified
it, but have been unable to reach the conclusion
that Congress has not the power to levy a duty
on exports. We have indirectly done it already.
There have been no shipments from this country
for years that has not left something in the
hands of the General Government. A cargo can-
not be exported until a clearance is obtained at
the custom-house. The manifest contains an
enumeration of the articles shipped and the value
thereof. To that statement the owner or shipper
must make oath, and pay the clearing charges.
Is not that a tax? I know that m technical
phrase it is called a custom-house fee, but it is a
tax nevertheless. Under the old debenture laws
two and a half per cent, of drawbacks was left
in the hands of the Government. Was not that
an export duty ? The question was not raised as
 to the power of Congress to pass such measures
when these laws were enacted. In this House,
recently, we imposed a tax of six cents a gallon
upon petroleum, and that tax follows the article
across the sea—there was no drawback in con-
sequence of the export. Is not that equivalent
to an export duty? If we can do a thing indi-
rectly we can directly. Now, what is the pro-
vision of the Constitution which it is supposed
restricts Congress from laying an export duty.
It is found in article one, section nine, subdivis-
ion five, which states:
" There shall ho no tax or duty laid oil any article ex-
ported jromany State."
It appears to me that this was not intended to
apply to exports to foieign lands. Biightly, in
his marginal note opposite to this provision of
the Constitution, refers to it as relating to " State
duties." No tax orduty shall belaid on any arti-
cle " exported from any State,"notftom any port
of the United States; not from the United States;
but that no tax or duty shall be laid upon any
article exported from any State. Though found
among the restiictions upon the powers of Con-
gress, it seern^ to me to have been intended that
Congress should lay no tax or duty on any inter-
State commerce.
Assuming the power, how'vast would be the
revenue from such a source. The exports fiom
the United States during the last half of the last fis-
cal year were two hundred and forty odd million
dollars, and the last month produced relatively
the much larger amount. It is safe to estimate
when we again become, as we shall, a cotton ex-
porting country, with a continuation and increase
of the petroleum and other shipments, that this will
reach $1,000,000,000 per annum, and an export
duty of twenty per cent, upon that would produce
$200,000,000, and no domestic interest would suf-
fer; an expou duty becomes an element in the cost
to the foreign consumer. No citizen of the Uni-
ted States would pay a dollar of it. Theoiiginal
cost, the export tax, and the shipping expenses,
freight, commissions on sales, and import duty
upon the other side, make up the cost to the for-
eign consumers. The result, therefore, would be
that that ^00,000,000 thus contributed to our
Treasury would come out of the pockets of citi-
zens of Europe, and not of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I am admonished that my hour
allotted to this discussion has closed. I have
endeavoied to present my views in plain lan-
guage and with a strict regard to truth as to state-
ment. If I have not succeeded in convincing tiie
committeethat ourpresentfinanctal system is ruin-
ous, and that every principle of political economy
has been disregarded, I have not only failed in my
object, but 1-shall resret the attempt. There is,
however, an outside tribunal to whom I appeal
and if it shall fail to appreciate, let time deter-
mine whether the homely piecepts of common
sense or the fine-spun theories of di earners, specu-
lators, and peculators are best for a great people
suffeiin^ uruh-r a great wrong.
Mr. HOOPER. Mi. Chan man, as the num-
ber of members in the House is not very huge
this> evnitig and as sc viral gentlemen wn&h to
leave, I propose that wc name an hour to-moirow
when a vote shall be taken on the bill and amend-
ments, with the understanding that the debate
may go on until that time.
