1885.
the congressional globe.
39§
terity a name immortal for that plunder and rob-
bery alone.
Mr. Speaker, I have not had time, or leisure, and
I hav« not the opportunity now, to examine in
detail the numerous and lengthy documents which
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts has
presented. But, if I understand those documents,
they disclose these facts: that a certain sum of
money—$50,000, or over—was forcibly extorted,
by threats and violence, from a Mr. Smith, a
banker in New Orleans, originally of Ballston,
Saratoga county, in the State of New York—one
of those numerous northern men who, in earlier
times, had gone to New Orleans to accumulate
fortune, with the intent, when that fortune was
accumulated, to go back to the land of their
birth and there enjoy their otiuin cum. dlgnitate.
No mutter what slanders General Butler, for his
own purposes, may fix upon these worthy gen-
tlemen from Ballston, there are their relations in
the State of New York; there is the home of their
fathers; there is the land where they were born,
and to which they intended to go. If, under those
threats and that extortion, they concealcd their
gold, they paid but a proper tribute to the ru-
mored character of Major General Butler; and
they may be excused foi that concealment when
they supposed that they were to be plundered of
fifty or sixty thousand dollars, the accumulation
of a long life of labor.
A couit of inquiry was then instituted. Insti-
tuted by whom ? It was no civil court, buta mere
military court, the creation of General Butler, at
the head of which was an officer of the Army, and
at the end of which were two gentlemen of New
Oileans, for the time being subjects of General
Butler. They found, first, that this was not Gov-
ernment money; it did not belong to Govern-
ment; it did not come out of the mint of the Uni-
ted States. They found,second, that that money
had not been used for tne purpose of aiding the
confederate States. When they found that, they
had discharged their duty so far as to acquit Mr.
Smith of treason, of collusion with the confeder-
ates, or of robbing the mint oTthe United States.
There are other facts in connection with those
papers which the honorable gentleman has sub nut-
ted ; and among them is this leading fact, that the
Secretary of Warwould not take the responsibil-
ity, by assuming in any degree whatsoever the con-
trol of'this money. The Secretary ofWar looked
upon it as money illegally and wrongfully seized,
and he would not be held responsible for it m any
manner, but chose to leave it all in the possesion
and control of Major General Butler. Neither
the War Department nor the Treasury Depart-
ment would undertake to indemnify lum for the
great wrong which he had committed. They left
upon hnn and him alone the responsibility for
seizing that money, with all the consequences
thereof, he to be subject to all the costs and to all
the indemnity.
Another fact has come out: though this money
was taken in June, 1862, yet, after the long cor-
respondence with Mr. Ptei repont, so remarkable
for its couitesy, not even till this day has that
money been paid over to the bankers to whom it
belongs, Smith & Co. So that for two years
and nine months the gold which was taken from
Messis. Smith & Co. in New Orleans, illegally
and forcibly taken, has been kept from them, and
is no w in the forcible possession of Major General
Butler. Major General Butler, up to the suit at
law ui November last,as I disclosed in the affidavit
of Mr. Smith read by me; up to that day in last
No vember, notwithstanding this long contiovcrsy
With Air. Pierrepont and this long possession of
the money, refused to surrender these $50,000 in
gold, and these $50,000 in gold are now in posses-
sion of Major General Butler.
Mr. Speaker, these are the leading facts which
the record discloses, and these are the facts which
aie to go throughout the country. If any state-
ment ot mine is in contravention of that record here
made, let that correction go forth with that state-
ment, for I intend no misstatement of facts.
But here is tiiis additional great fact, well worth
the public, attention, and winch, though not a le-
<m1, is a motal fact, to go before the peopleof this
country: Major Genetal Butler, at the opening
of thiK war, \va<< a ctnmnal lawyer in the manu-
facturing city of Lowell; with no gi eat renown
as a distinguished jurisconsult; with no large prac-
tice; with no important cases which have appeared
before the high court of Massachusetts or the
Supreme Court here; a lawyer of moderate prac-
tice, doubtless with moderate means. He went to
New Orleans in command of the army of the
United States, his brother being with him,neither
being known to have had any accumulation of
money. That brother died m New York, after
living in Now Orleans under the military admin-
istration of Major General Butler, leaving in his
will a fortune, an immense fortune as stated in
the public prints. He left that fortune to his
brother, Major General Butler. The two brothers
accumulated this large fortune, which the records
in the surrogate's court of New York disclose,
while one was the military commander of the rich-
est military department of this Government. No
other major general in the Army of the United
States has any such record of any such fortune.
Where is the fortune of Lieu tenant General Grant?
Who ever accused him of plunder und robbery?
What tiouble has he with outsiders whatever?
What complaints are made against him by mem-
bers of the Opposition party? There is Major
General Sherman, who, with humble possessions,
is yet content with those possessions. There is
Admiral Farragut, who by his navy opened the
way to New Orleans so as to peimit General
Butler to enter it; he has nothing hut his salary
to live upon; he has no accumulation of fortune.
There is General Thomas, a gallant, noble soldier,
who has won victoties foi us; he has no accumu-
lation of money. Yet here is a major general
without a victory, who, with his brother, accu-
mulated, while in possession of New Oileans, a
very large fortune.
These may not be legal facts nor legal testi-
mony, but purely record evidence bearing upon
the substance and principle of the remarks"! made
the other day.
I might enter into a full examination of the
documents which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, in this ex parte exhibition, has placed before
this House, i might ask whether they have
been on file in the Department. Whether they
have bpcn on file in theTnvsury or War De-
partment, and how long they have been there.
Theie has been a dispute already as to the
money, we see, and the paymaster to whom it
was paid. I might ask what record has been
made of the transaction. Really, sir, the only
thing known in regard to this §50,000 in gold is
that for two yeais and nine months loyal people
ftom the Noith doing business in New Oileans
have been deprived of it by Major General But-
ler. How will the return of this money, this
$50,000 in gold, bp any compensation for what
they have lost? The contiol and possession of
$50,000 in gold for two yeais and nine months,
during which time gold has been up to 285, if
now leturued at 200, would in itself he no incon-
siderable fortune. The possession of $50,000 m
gold for these two years and nine months, with
the fluctuations that have been constantly going
on, is of itself a fortune to the possessor. Sir, if
this judgment is rendered in the courts of law, or
if General Butler refunds it under the laws of the
country in lawful money, worth now about fifty
cents on the dollar, that \v ill be legal return, under
the judgment of a court, for the money thus taken.
The §50,000 m gold is now worth $100,000 in
legal tender, and was worth $320,000 not long ago.
Mr. Speaker, I will not renew my epithets or
my ad]ecti\es. I lea%e these facts and this record
to go foith to the country, and the country will .
judge between me and Major General Butler, s
whether I was right or not in the language I used i
upon the floor of this House. I am not to be de- !
terred from,.duty by invective, or rhctonc either, j
The declamations'of honorable gentlemen who ;
are excusing these wrongful extotlions and pro- '<
longed possession of an honest man's gold, have '
got to be offset by the factsand the recoid. I list-
ened with satisfaction to the challenge for a com- I
nnttee and an investigation, thrown out, and 1 j
take it as an accepted fact that, in consequence of,
the letter from Major General Butler, demanding ,
an investigation not only into this gold transac- j
I tion, but into all his proceedings in the depart- '
■ ment of the Mississippi, and elsewhere, the hon- i
1 orablegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout- ,
well] will feel it his duty, ay, must feel it his !
\ duty, to institute a selcctcommittee forathorough .
! examination of *'.11 these facts; or, if he does not i
I do that, at least will by express resolution trans- !
fer the whole subject to the Committee'on' Com-
merce, which has the investigation of no incon-
siderable portion of this subject already.
i have but little more to say, except to add that
controversies of this nature are not to my liking
or of my choice, i do not.plunge into them; In
an excited and warm controversy with the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field,] who was sharply assailing the people'I
represent, I felt it my duty to vindicate that peo-
ple from the allegations which he was making,
and in the course of those remarks the name of
Major General Butler was brought in. I would '
have been willing that the subject should have
dropped. No revenge, as the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania stated, has prompted me;
no spirit or love of revenge. 1 have no revenge
to gratify against Major General Butler.*
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will see that
there is a misprint in the Globe.* The word ii no"
is inserted, and should have been left out, as the
rest of the context will show.
Mr. BROOKS. I willassurethe honorablegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that I never act upon
this floor under the promptings of a spirit of re-
venge. If Major General Butler had not, in a
seemingly threatening letter, addressed me as he
did, I would have answered him through a mem-
ber of this House, or through any other gentle-
man except the military gentleman sent to me
from his personal staff. 1 never have acted in a
spirit of revenge, and I never intend thus to act
as a. member of this House. 1 act in the spirit
of public duty.
Honorable gentlemen on the other side, espe-
cially when the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania lashes them as he did yesterday, require
more than ordinary courage to expose facts in
connection with the Administration, or even with
the suboidinatesof the Administration, and hence
the duty was devolved upon me, in this case, to
present certain facts in the history of General
Butler, and to bring those facts before the House
and before the country. No revenge, no desire
or love of revenge, prompted me. What I did
was done simply in the discharge of a high pub-
lic duty. If on an investigation General Butler
can vindicate hra character in the administration
of the departments of the Mississippi and North
Carolina and Norfolk, I will have given him an
opportunity to redeem his character, which is not
pure, before the people of the country. His char-
acter is not good in the estimation of the world.
The names of Butler and of Haynau are asso-
ciated together m all Euiopean languages, and
are one and indivisible. And if i shall have given
General Butler an opportunity to vindicate his
name and fume before mankind, 1 have rendered
him an especial service, and he ought therefore to
thank me.
Mr. Speaker, I appealed from the decision of
the Chair yesterday underan apprehension that I
was not to be permitted to go on with the remarks
that I was making,and was to be cutshort in^hose
remarks. I now withdraw that appeal. I was
loth to make it, and as the House has given me
an opportunity ofsaying whatl had to say, 1 have
no further necessity to prosecute that appeal.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York withdraws the appeal, and theie is no ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall have to renew the
appeal. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Brooks] arose, i had hoped that ho
would do one of two things, either admit his er-
ror yesterday or speak to the subject which had
been discussed and upon which evidence had been
taken. Had he done that I might possibly have
supposed that what he did yesteiday was not
prompted, as he said himself, by this letter which
lie had read here, or, as I say, by icvenge, or I
mightpossibly have believed—1 wil! notsay I do—
that it was done from patriotic motives. [Laugh-
ter.] Then 1 should have had nothing more to
say. But instead of addiessing himself to the
question before the House and to the evidence,
he has spoken of everything else and scarcely
touclud that. The proportion of his lvmaiks
which referred to the subject, compared with the
balance, was about like the quantity of bread to
the quantity of sack in FalstafPs bill. [Laugh-
ter.]
