1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
will better attain the object that he desires to reach
by dividing the question.
The gentleman who has just taken his seat has
discussed only one of the questions involved in
the amendment; that is, whether the interest
should be payable in currency or in gold. But
the amendment contemplates another and a very
material object, which does notatall depend upon
that question, and which may be either adopted
or rejected, however the question of interest may
be determined.
The first part of the amendment relates to the
form in which the security is to be given. The
biil leaves this absolutely at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury. Under the bill as re-
ported, that officer may issue coupon bonds, or
Treasury notes, gradually accumulating interest,
in the form which has hitherto been used and
which now constitutes a very large proportion of
that inflation of the currency under which the
country is suffering.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman will allow me
to remind him that, in the last section of the bill,
there is a restriction against the issue of anything
that is legal tender. By this bill nothing is au-
thorized to be issued as currency; it simply
authorizes the issue of different forms of loan.
Mr, DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 am perfectly
aware of that. And I desire to say that the de-
lusion which appears to rest on the minds of gen-
tlemen is the supposition that they have ended
the currency question when they have disposed
of the question of legal tender. A bank note,
sir, is not a legal tender; yet bank notes have in
very great measure inflated the currency. Cur-
rency is anything that is in such form and has
such value that it will pass conveniently and read-
ily from hand to hand in lieu of coin. Whether
it be a legal tender is absolutely immaterial.
Making its notes legal tender was a resort of the
Government to compel the acceptance of those
notes; and it would have been equally effective
whether those notes had or had not value inde-
pendent of that given to them by the coercive
authority of the Government. And although
you do not give these obligations that coercive
power which our legal tender Jaws have given
them, if the Government issues Treasury notes,
subdivided into sums which will answer the pur-
poses of currency, in such sums as will pass from
hand to hand in the daily commerce of the land,
so long as the credit of the Government is equal
to the credit of a bank, the Tieasury note will
stand as a bank note; and if there be two Treas-
ury notes while the market only calls for one,
there will be a corresponding inflation of currency
and a corresponding depieciation of value.
Now, what the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] designed to accomplish by theadoption
of his amendment was, to require the securities
issued by the United States to be in such form
that they should not and would not be, in the na-
ture of notes used as currency, fie would con-
fine them to coupon or registered bonds of such
an amount as would not likely be used, and, in-
deed, from their form, would not be used as cur-
rency.
So far as the amendment touches that point I
am anxious that it should prevail. Whether we
shall adopt a specie basis for interest or currency
notes for interest is a question on which gentle-
men may differ and on which I confess I entertain
serious doubts,and [should like to be enlightened
by the views of the committee and other gentle-
men of the House. Therefore, I pray the gen-
tleman from Iowa to let us remedy one grievance
and take the first part of the amendment, and let
the interest question be settled by a subsequent
vote.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the suggestion of
the gentleman from Maryland I will say that 1
will modify my amendment, leaving the proviso
of the committee to stand with the words " or
other obligations55 stricken out.
Mr. KERNAN. I think that the gentle man
will accomplish his purpose by striking out m
the seventh and eighth lines the words "orother
obligations;" and in the fifteenth line to the
twenty-first inclusive, the words, "and so much
thereof as may be issued m other forms than '
bonds may be made convertible into any bonds i
authorized by this act, and may be of auch de- !
nominations—not less than fifty dollars—and ]
made redeemable or payable at such penodsets in j
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury may
be deemed expedient."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That has been
stricken out.
Mr. KERNAN. It leaves the bill to give au-
thoiity to the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow
on bonds with the interest payable in currency.
It strikes out the part authorizing him to put
forth currency.
Mr. DAViS, of Maryland. That is it exactly.
Mr. WILSON. My amendment,as modified,
will make it read as follows:
Provided, That tlie rate of interest on any «uch bond^.
when payable in coin, shrill not exceed sia percent, per
annum ; and wlien not payable in com shall not exceed
s>pv<'u and Uiiee tenth's per cent, per annum ; and the rale
and chametor of inteicst shall he expressed on all such
bonds or obligations.
Mr. KERNAN. That ought to be adopted,
for the time has come when we ought to raise
money without issuing currency.
Mr. MORRILL. It is well understood by
every member of the House that the Government
has not been able to negotiate loans as fast as its
necessities required; and the proposition on the
part of the gentleman from Iowa is to restrict it
to one single class of securities when the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, whoever he may be, will
desire two classes. I think that, we should give
him that much option. Fie should have the right
to issue bonds or seven-thirty Treasury notes;
in other words, in the form of the English ex-
chequer bills, butonly for a longer period of time.
As to this becoming currency, 1 utterly lepu-
didte the idea that it is possible for them to be-
come currency unless they are made legal tenders.
What are the facts in reference to the compound
interest Treasury notes? After they have run a
certain length of time they are all withdrawn
from circulation; sometimes it takes longer and
sometimes shorter. And itis truethateven legal-
tender Treasury notes are withdrawn from cir-
culation .
If these obligations or Treasury notes should be
allowed to be issued by the Government, they
will not only be a convenience to the Govern-
ment, but they will afford a convenience to those
saving Government stock. They will be a con-
venience to our soldiers in the field if they have
a large amount of Treasury notes. They will
save sums not larger than ten dollars. At such
a time as this, though our affairs are exceedingly
prosperous, 1 would not cripple the Treasury, but
would give it a choice of securities to throw upon
the market. It certainly may at times be a very
great convenience to issue these notes; and if the
amendmentof the gentleman from Iowa had gone
any further than that, and confined the issue of
bonds and Treasury notes, I would have no ob-
jection. But to stuke the whole out, leaving
solely bonds to be issued, would in my judgment
cripple the Treasury to an extent which I do not
think this House will feel justified in doing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 have no doubt
that a great many purposes of convenience would
be answered by leaving the Secretary of the
Treasury at liberty to put the credit of the Gov-
ernment in any form that would suit the conven-
ience of the occasion. I have no doubt that the
convenience of the soldiers, of officers, of small
capitalists, of all persons who have small means
to invest, might to some extent be met moie
easily by one plan than by another. And if that
were the only question I would not say one word
against if.
• But, Mr. Chairman, it is a matter of life and
[ death that there should be restored a normal ratio
j between the currency of the country and the stand-
j ards of value—gold and silver. It is merely penny-
I wise and pound-foolish to attempt to accommo-
j date small classes m the community at the expense
of all the permanent interests of the whole body
of the community. One dollar now in gold is
worth two dollarsin currency. The meie lesult,
therefore, of the Government borrowing money
at this time at that rate is that the Government binds
itself to pay twice as much as it receives, and when
you levy taxes you have to put on twice as much
in order to get enough to carry on the Government.
In that, I state a proposition that no one will
controvei t, not, even my distinguished and learned
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to whom
: I cheerfully accord the credit of being the ablest
j financier in either branch of Congress that it has
! been my pleasure to meet during the last eight
years. But the plain, simple fact is that if to-
morrow you double the currency you mustdoubie
the taxes; and if there be any one thing true, both
in point of common sense and political economy,
it is that every step you take in the direction I
have indicated is a step toward lightening the
burdens of the people, restoring the rates of value,
and making that which is the normal standard of
value uppioximate to the real value. And if that
be so, of what earthly moment is it that a few
individuals in the Army, a few old maids in the
country, a few persons who have only a hundred
or fifty dollars to invest, should be accommo-
dated , when the finances of the country are being
ruined and posterity being burdened with nearly
a double burden, because everything is depre-
ciated by doubling that which is of no value ex-
cepting as currency ?
Now, what I wish to accomplish, what the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] wishes to
accomplish, what I take it the sound, second so-
ber thought of the House wishes to accomplish, is
to reduce the enormous volume of currency. This
license to the Secretary of the Treasury is an ad-
vice to him that the volume of currency may
properly be increased undercircumstances,though
there is no such combination of circumstances
now that any foresight can point out. We have
got along up to this period, and now, when we
can see the end of the rebellion, when our mili-
tary establishment may be decreased, when there
is scarcely any use for the Navy for active opera-
tions, when we look forward for decisive events
in forty oi fifty days, when we hearcrumblingthe
confederacy before our armies, is it to be supposed,
if we insist that there shall be a definite standard
of value, that the credit of the Government cannot
raise by loan what is needed5 I concur with the
gentleman from Iowa that the mere uncertainty
put into this bill is an obstacle to any permanent
improvement of the finances of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by striking
out the last line, for the purpose of enabling me
to reply to the mistaken argument of my friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] Itis put upon the
identical ground as if we were providing by law
expressly for the issuing of Treasury notes to
circulate as currency.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is the effect
of it.
Mr. KASSON. That is undoubtedly not the
effect of the bill according to history and prece-
dent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. But it is according
to the working.
Mr. KASSON. Not necessarily flowing from
the bill in any particular whatever. We have
frequently given this discretion to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and he has not since we last gave
U him exercised it to the amount of one dollar;
and gentlemen should not now endeavor for a
moment to alarm the people of the country by
indicating that it is the intention of the Committee
of Ways and Means or of the Secretary of the
Treasury to swell the volume of the currency.
We have fixed the minimum denomination of the
notes at the same as that of bonds, and as they
bear interestat seven and three tenths and six per
cent., payable m gold, they cannot remain in the
market for sixty days. And why? Because you
cannot invest your money in any of the ordinary
transactions of commerce that will pay you as
much interest as that will.
Now, sir, in view of this fact and in view of
the fact that with the discretion given to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue over one hundied
million dollars of gold-bearing interest bonds and
not one dollar of gold-bearing interest bonds is-
sued, with discretion to issue it m Treasury notes,
and not a dollar in Treasury notes issued. I ask
gentlemen how they can say for a moment that
the effect of this bill is either to compel or to in-
duce the Secretary of the-Treasury to exeicise
this power thus proposed to be granted to him.
On the contrary, 1 maintain the position I took
before, that the very moment you take away the
two powers from him to bridge over difficulties
in the financial market and use a legitimate in-
fluence in controlling the financial affairs of the
country, m case your taxes and loans lunning
from five to forty years do not realize the money
you want to pay the Army and Navy, you cannot,
even though the Army and Navy may be willing
