402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
declared his intention of becoming fluch, shall be
entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of the
public domain gratis, and free from all taxes and
fees whatever; that any person owning more than
one hundred and sixty acres of land' in this Re-
public shall pay on the surplus an annual tax of
not less than one per cent.; that any person own-
ing more than six hundred and forty acres of land
in-this Kepublic shall give up the remainder to
the people, and shall be entitled to a refunding of
tho original cost, added to a reasonable remuner-
ation for the improvements thereon; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
* Mr. TRUMBULL' presented the petition of
chaplains in the United Stat?a Navy, praying for
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of the
heirs of Major Andrew Russell, praying compen-
sation for services rendered by him in the revo-
lutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
. Mr. WILSON presented four petitions of offi-
cers in the military service of the United States,
praying for an increase of the pay of Army offi-
cers; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
> Mr. HENDERSON presented resolutions of
a meeting of receivers and shippers of American
leaf tobacco at Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrat-
ing against the proposed tax on leaf tobacco;
which wore referred to the Committee on Finance.
. He also presented a memorial of the manufac-
turers and dealers of tobacco in the city of St.
Louis, remonstrating against the proposed tax on
leaf tobacco; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of Abe-
lard Guthrie, praying to be allowed mileage and
per diem as Delegate from Nebraska to the Thirty-
Second Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the State of Michigan praying for a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Lac La Belle to the Cliff mine, Keweenaw
county, thence to some point on the Montreal
river and the western boundary of the upper
peninsula of the State of Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of the
local board of steamboat inspectors of Baltimore,
praying for an increase of salary; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of a meeting of
receivers and shippers of American leaf tobacco
at Baltimore, remonstrating against the proposed
tax on leaf tobacco; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to present the peti-
tion ofa large number of citizens of Pennsylvania,
pray ingthat the preamble to the Constitution of the
United States may bo amended so as to read in sub-
stance as follows: " We, the people of the United
States, humbly acknowledging Almighty God as
the source ,of all authority and power in civil
government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler
among the nations, and His revealed will as of
supreme authority, in order to constitute a Chris-
tian Government, and in order to form a more per-
fect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
tile general welfare, and secure the inalienable
rights and blessings of life, liberty, and the pur-
 uit of happiness to ourselves, our posterity, and
all the inhabitants of the land, do ordain and es-
tablish this Constitution for the United States of
America;" and also that such changes be intro-
duced :into the body of the Constitution as may
ba necessary to give effect to these amendments
in the preamble. I ask that the memorial be ic-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I think the memorial just pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Pennsylva-
nia ought to be referred to the select committee to
which various memorials in regard to the amend-
ment of the Constitution have been referred, in-
stead of to the Judiciary Committee; I do not
think it relates peculiarly to that committee; I
think it ought to go to the select committee, and
I make that motion.
Mr. COWAN. W^iat select committee?
Mr. HALE. The one of which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is chairman.
, Several Senators. The committee on freed-
men.
Mr. HALE. Yes; the select committee on
freedmen.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection. I only
desire that it shall have careful consideration at
the hands of some committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the select committee indicated, if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Robert B. Riell, lieutenant United States Navy,
praying that he may be allowed his proper pro-
motion in the grade of commanders, which has
been denied him in consequence of the report of
a medical board, asked to he discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the memorial of William A. Hammond, late Sur-
geon General of the United States Army, praying
that inquiry may be made into all the circum-
stances connected with his recent trial and dis-
missal, and that the Senate will suspend action in
the matter of confirming his successor in office
until such inquiry shall have been made, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 692) in reference to prosecutions for libel in
the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 664) for chang-
ing the time for holding the circuit courts in the
district of Virginia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 530) for the relief of George Calvert, reported
adversely thereon.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (Ii. R. No.
424) to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, have instructed me
to report it back with an amendment. This amend-
ment is by way of substitute for the original bill.
It proposes to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert a substitute in lieu thereof. 1
ought perhaps to remark that this amendment is
by no means a radical change of the original bill.
The committee made divers modifications in the
original bill, and thought it would be better to re-
port a substitute so that the bills could be printed
side by side, instead of having the amendments
printed in the text of the original bill.
The same committee, to whom were referred
memorials from divers citizens of Illinois, from
the Hoard ofTrado ofPhiladelphia,from the Board
of Trade of Boston, and from merchants of the
city of Boston, on the subject of a bankrupt law,
have instructed me to report them back and ask
that the committee be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a word, as I am a
member of the committee that has reported this
bill. The committee had great difficulty in agree-
ing to its details. They were not all such as I
could assent to; but 1 said to the committee that
I was willing to vote with a majority to report
the bill in order that the subject might be presented
to the Senate, reserving to myself the right (with-
out deceiving anybody, either the committee or
the Senate,) if I could not secure some material
alterations in it, of voting against it although 1
consented to have it reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
upon the Calendar,and the committee will be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorials,
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mi-.Nicolay, hisSecretary,announced
that the President had approved and signed the
following bill and joint resolutions:
A resolution (S, R. No. 98) to present the
thanks of Congress to Brevet Major General Al-
fred H. Terry and the officers and men under his
command;
A resolution (S. R. No. 99) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Rear Admiral David D. Porter
and to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and
marines under his command for tlreir gallantry
and good conduct in the recent capture of Fort
Fisher; and
A bill (S. No. 72) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes," approved July 2,1862.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
410) to enlarge the port of entry and delivery for
the district of Philadelphia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Corft-
merce.
SURVEYS OF LAKE HARBORS.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of compiling and
publishing, from the reports on file in the Engineer Bureau
of the War Department, a series of charts and surveys of
tiie ports and harbors of the great lakes; said compilation
to be made after the manner of the coast survey reports.
TAXES ON TONNA0E.
Mr. FARWELL. I offer the following reso-
lution, and aslc for its present consideration:
■ Retolved, That the Committee on Finance consider the
expediency of relieving the tonnage of the country from
all taxes and dues collected under tire Internal Itevenue
act, and also consider the expediency of a reduction of the
dues on chain anchors and canvas.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
Mr. FARWELL. I wish briefly to call the
attention of the Senate, and of the Finance Com-
mittee particularly, to the subject of this resolu-
tion. There are some articles which will not
bear taxation. That principle has been admitted
and has been acted upon by the Committee on
Finance and by the legislation of Congress. It
was stated as one reason why the reciprocity
treatjr should be rescinded, that it prevented the
taxation of some leading articles in the country.
Why does it prevent the taxation of leading arti-
cles? Simply because no adequate protection can
be given to them by taxation of foreign articles
which come in competition. Now, sir, the ton-
nage of the country comes particularly under this
denomination. The tonnage of the country can-
not receive any protection by legislation. It is
obliged to compete not only with the tonnage of
the British provinces, but it must compete in open
market with the tonnage of the world. Theonly
measure of protection that has ever been attempted
in this country is to exclude from the coasting
trade foreign tonnage.
I submit that this is not the least measure of
protection unless it is the intention of the Legisla-
ture to reduce the tonnage of the country to that
point which merely leaves enough to do the do-
mestic carrying trade. Whenever the coasting
trade pays better than the foreign tonnage, of
course all foreign tonnage goes into the coasting
trade; all our tonnage employed in the foreign
•trade goes into the coasting trade until the equi-
librium is established.
I do not ask for the repeal of the taxes upon
the tonnage of the country for the purpose of re-
lieving a class of citizens. There is no class of
citizens in this country, or any other, so com-
pletely independent of the legislation of the coun-
try, so far as their property is concerned, as the
owners of tonnage. It is a property appreciated
everywhere. Every market in the world is open
to it; and in every maritime country except this
the greatest facilities are offered for the national-
ization of tonnage. You can make an English
ship of an American bottom almost anywhere in
the world; in Nassau, in Halifax, in Australia,
or in Liverpool. The English luw grants the
authority to their consuls to give a national char-
acter to a foreign ship, and she may be sailed
under the English flag merely with a consular
certificate. The English Government, who have
always fought, desired, and resolved to be all-
powerful upon the sea, have invai iably exempted
her tonnage from all taxation. To bo sure, the
light dues have been paid by her tonnage in part,
but they have been so assessed that they made no
interference with an open and fair competition.
All vessels going to England from foreign ports
