THE CONGRESSIONAL
O'* $ '
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OPtfONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D,
Thibty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 18G5.
New Series N&'. 74.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to speak for
the committee in this matter. I say there is au-
thority to issue from a hundred to a hundred and
twenty-five million dollars. I do not know: ex-
actly how much of that remains unissued. I
think that is sufficient foran emergency. I have
gone for putting this issue upon the square basis
of bonds; and I would rather increase the interest
or sell the bonds at a discount for the currency
now in the country, than to go any further with the
present system, in the extension of which I see
nothing but ruin.
As there is no quorum present, and we shall get
no vote to-night, ! move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Little-
john reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and es-
pecially the special order, being the bill (H.R. No.
722) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
eleven o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 28,1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
Iain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of yes-
terday's proceedings was dispensed with.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (EI. R. No. 797) in relation to certain
drafts issued by the Treasurer of the Umted States
in satisfaction of warrants which are outstanding
unpaid, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
CONDITION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution of the Senate (S. R. No. 89) directing
an inquiry into the condition of the Indian tribes
and their treatment by the civil and military au-
thorities. The amendment of the House was to
strike out all after the word " that" in the first
line of the first section down to and including the
word "Representatives" in line five, in the fol-
lowing words:
There be raised a joint committee, to consist of three
members of the Senate, to be appointed by the President
of" the Senate, and ur raciubeis ot tin1 House, to be ap-
pointed by the Speaker of the House ot Representatives-
Arid to insert in lieu thereof:
A commission of three persons be appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
So that the resolution will read:
That a commission of three persons be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the sen-
ate, to inquire into the present condition of the Indian
tribes, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring: in this amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
that lie over until the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs comes in. ,
Mr. CONNESS. The chairman was here just
"°Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that it be referred
to the'Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY REGISTER.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the joint resolution (H. R.No. 169) to
nrovide for the publication of a full Army Regis-
ter disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. "WILSON. I move that the resolution
.and amendments be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the MiUtia.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
bv Mr. McPiiersos, its Clerk, announced that
74
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill(H.
R. No. 621) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1866; and also to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
676) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives insisted upon its amendments
to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 390) relating to
the postal laws, disagreed to by the Senate, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Cole,
Mr. Brooks, and Mr. Ashley, managers at the
same on its part; and also that the House of Rep-
resentatives insisted upon its disagreement to
certain amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House (H. R. No. 683) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1866, insisted on by the
Senate; that it insisted upon its amendment to
the sixth amendment of the Senate to the said
bill, disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the con-
ference asked by' the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Wilson, Mr. Stevens, and Mr.
James C. Allen, managers at the same on its
part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed Senate joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 116) for the relief of Mrs. Lucy
A. Rice, late of Richmond, Virginia; and also
that it had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. r. No. 678) to amend the act entitled
" An act further to regulate and provide for the
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," approved July 4, 1864, and
the other acts relating to enrollment and draft; and
A bill (H. R. No. 691) to authorize and aid in
the construction of a railroad connecting the
Pacific railroad in California with the Columbia
river in Oregon and Puget sound.
POSTAL LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (S. No. 390) relating to the postal
laws, insisted on by the House; and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the House of Representatives to the
said bill, and agree to the conference a.-ked by Ihe House
on the disagreeing votes of the. two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice Piesident; and
The Y1CE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Col-
lamer, Mr. Conness, and Mr. Wright.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was appointed yesterday
a member of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 649) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1866. I ask to be excused from service
on that committee on account of my duties in the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.SHERMAN. 1 move that the Vice Presi-
dent appoint a member of the committee of con-
ference on that bill in my place. .
The motion was agreed to, and the Vice Presi-
dent appointed Mr. Clark. .jg
_ HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred as indicated below:
A bill (H.R. No. 691) to authorize and aid m
the construction of a railroad connecting the Pacific
railroad in California with theColumbia river m
Oregon and Puget sound—to the committee on the
PacTfic Railroati.
A bill (H. R. No. 678) to amend the act enti-
tled "An act further to regulate and provide-for
the enrolling and calling out the national forces
and for other purposes," approved July 4, 1864 
and the other acts relating to enrollment and
draft—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
PROCEEDINGS IN CRIMINAL CASES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the^ bill
ofthe Senate (S. No. 88) regulating proceediiigff,
in criminal cases, and for other purposes. _ The
first amendment of the House was, immediately
after the enacting clause of the first section to
insert the following:
That every grand jury impanneled before any district
or circuit court of tlio United States to inquire into add
presentment make of public offenses against the United
States, committed or triable, within the district for which*
the court is liolden, shall consist of not less than sixteen,'
nor exceeding twenty-three persons. If, of .tile persons*
summoned, less than sixteen attend they shall be placed'oh
the giand jury, and the court shall order the marshal to,
summon, either immediately, or for a day fixed, froCQ the
body of the district, and not from the bystanders, a Silffl-
cient number of persons to complete the grand jarj j and
whenever a challenge to an individual grand juror teaK-
lowed, and there are not other jurors in attendance sum-
cient to complete the grand jury, ttie court, shall make a
like order to the marshal to summon a sufficient numbeiof
persons for that purpose. No indictment shall be found, nor
shall any presentment be made, without the concurrence
of at least twelve grand jurors.
The House further propose to amendthe bill
in section one, lines two and'three, by striking out
the words " in any district or circuit court of tlla
United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments. 1 have examined,
them and they do not alter the bill. I will state
that in Oregon the court has to sit several daya
to get a grand jury, and we thought it better- to
reenact the common law.
Mr. HALE. I rose to inquire whether it makes
any change in the common law. 1 desire to stick
to the common law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This does not alter .the
common law.
Mr. HALE. I understand that it does. J jtss
derstand that by the common Jaw it reqtiirea not
less than twelve to make a grand jury. It must
be at least twelve, and not over twenty-three.
That is the common law as I understand it; tod
if the honorable Senator from Maryland, who
knows as much as anybody about legal ques-;
tions, will listen to me, 1 will ask him if that is
not the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it does alter it in
some respects, but I think it alters it beneficially.
Mr. HALE. My question is, whetherby.tne
common law a grand jury does not consist of
twelve, and not over twenty-three?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand the
law to be that twelve constitute a grand jury at
common law. I think it must be sixteen—not
more than twenty-three nor less than sixteen.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Twelve to find a bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the way it is in the
House amendment. It does not change it at all
in that respect.
Mr. HALE. I think the subject had better he
over. 1 think gentlemen are laboring under a
grand mistake, and I think we should act care-
fully when we come to tamper with the .provisions
of the common law in reference to grand juries.
If Senators will let the subject lie over until to-
morrow, I will not insist on my objection if it
does not turn out that I am entirely right—that
twelve constitute a grand jury all over the world
where the common law prevails.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thebillandamend-
ments will be passed over informally.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, Thit the Secretary be directed to request Dm
House of Representatives to return to the Senate the bill
ofttie House (H. It. No. 761) extending the tUne for the
completion ot certain land grant railroads in tite State,of
Minnesota, and for other purposes, yesterday passed by tb«
Senate, with amendments. ' '
