1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAVAL OBSEKVATOKY.
Mr. GRIMES^. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders and take up the bill (S. No.
478) in relation to the Naval Observatory. It will
take but a moment to consider it.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to repeal so much
of the first section of the act of August 3, 1843 
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1849," as requites the superintendent of the Na-
val Observatory at Washington city to be a cap-
tain, commander, or lieutenant in the Navy, and
no officer of the Navy employed as superintend-
ent is to receive other than the shore duty pay of
his grade.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose it is hardly neces-
sary for me to explain this bill. By the act of
1848 it was provided that the superintendent of
the Observatory shall be selected from the three
grades of captain, commander,or lieutenant. In
1862 we created three other grades, those of ad-
miral, commodore, and lieutenant commanding.
This bill simply pi'oposes to «ive the President
an opportunity to select any officer of any one of
these grades, or any professor of mathematics,
and put him in charge of that Observatory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PICTUKE BY w. II. POfTEUi.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cull for the unfinished
business of the morning hour. I simply desire
to have a vote uoon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator will al-
low me to offer and have passed a resolution sim-
ply directing the transfer of the maps and papers
in relation to the Pacific railroad to the Depart-
ment of the Interior. It will require no debate
at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. I simply desire fo have
a vote on the resolution which is the unfinished
business of the morning hour, and I presume it
will occasion no debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, it will.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then we must have it.
Has it come to this, that when the honorable
member fiorn Massachusetts is opposed to a
measure we cannot have a vote upon itr All 1
ask is for a vote.
Mr. BROWN. Is it in order to make a re-
p05 t >
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in jrder
to do anything until the Senate disposes rf the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, which is to
postpone aH prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the unfinished businessof themorn-
jng hour of yesterday.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts and all other Senators will avoid
debate upon this and all like propositions. We
understand all that is contained in this resolution,
and if such propositions are debated we cannot
dispose of the business that we have charge of.
We have all got business waiting. I hope we
will come to a vote upon this question. Every
Senator knows how to vote, and it appears to
me that to occupy time now by debate is an en-
croachment by one Senator upon every other
Senator's time.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not said that I should
debate this question; but I have said that I should
insist upon a vote upon it if it was called up, and
also that I shall insist upon amendments. I have
two or three amendments which I wish to move
to it, and on which I shall call the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; Jet us have a
vote.
The question bein? put, there were, on a divis-
ion—aves 12, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON, and Mr. LANE, of Kansas,
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays
11; as follows:
YEAS—Me=?is. Anthony, Collnmer, (Tonnes, Cowan,
r>oohtti>\ FanveU, Foot. Fo=>u;r, Hendricks, IJow-
a:.L Johnson, MeDon-iail, Morgan, Nye, Pomeioy, kiddle,
SjuJ.-biKV, Stewart, Yen Eyck, Van Winkle. Wade, Wil-
rod Wri^'.t—J4.
YAYS—Ue.-^s. Jirovni, Chandler, Pison. Hale, Harlan,
Lnj.p of Kansas, Mornil, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, and
Wilson—If.
ABSE-VT—Diu-fcalevv. Carlile, Clark, Gilnies,
Harding, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nes-
mith, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Sprague, and Wilkin-
sou—15. i
' So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 164)
authorizing a contract with William H.Powell
for a picture for the Capitol, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Sumner to
add the following proviso:
Provided further. That in the national Capitol, dedicated
to the national Union, thetc shall be no pictuie of any vie-
toiy obtained m battle with our own feliow-ciuzens.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment
to add the following proviso:
Ptovided, That no contract shall be made until after a
competition among the artists of the counin. all of whom
shall have an opportunity of offering themselves aw candi-
dates, and of exhibiting designs for the pioposed picture;
and hie committee shall postpone any conuaet vviiii Mr.
Powell until they shall be sati>Iied, alter such competition,
thai lie is the most meritouous aiust.
I should like to have the yeas and nays on this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that amendment is sub-
mitted to a vole, I wish the Senate to understand
its bearings. Itis to the effect that there shall be
a competition among all the artists of the coun-
try before any one shall be designated for this
important woik. We already have one picture
from Mi. Powell in the Rotunda. It is known
as the picture of De Soto. Are Senators so enam-
ored of that picture that they desire to introduce
another from the same artist? Are Senators so
carried away with devotion to one artist over all
the artists of the country that they set apart, in
this time of war, §25,000 for him to paint, not
only one picture, but a second picture ? I am not
aware that this artist, meritorious as he may be,
can claim such a preeminence among the artists
of the country that he should receue this signal
honor. You are about to conferva great honor,
designating him proudly, conspicuously, among
all the artists of the country; and you do it hast'
iiy, in an off-hand way, without considering the
claims of other artists, without knowing the sen-
timents of other artists, or of the friends of art on
the subject. I have in my hand a letter addressed
to me by an artist of our country, one well known,
under date of February 15, from which I shall
read an extiact:
1 see In the p-ipcrs of yesterday that the IIou?e, by a
majority of foui, has made an appropiiauon of $25,000 for
a p:ctuie nf some naval victory, to bo painted by XV. II.
Powell. At a meeting last evening ot the Artists*' Fund c3o-
cicty—an organization comprising a majority ol the artists
oi this city, and all the leading ones, with om> or two ex-
ceptions—tins matter was diseased, and it wa* their unan-
imous opinion that at tins period of the countiy's distiess
and ft rait for means to carry on the war, it is not expedient
or proper tor Congress to vote any money whatever for pic-
tures or other mere decoiatloas of the Capitol. The build-
ing is akeady complete, or Mjfficiently so for all its essen-
u d piu po^et, and in their opinion costly decorations should
b<  rcsmvod foramoie piot>perou< time, and then be tne
subject of fair competition among all the artists."
3t is to carry out that idea that I have offered
the amendment now under consideration. I have
also this very morning received another letter
from another artist, from which I will read a
single extract. After protesting against the pas-
sage of the proposed measure, he says:
ii Should, however, such a resolution be called up again,
permit me to oftor a sasjgotion, which l^, that so g«nerou? 
a jtitt be open for public competition to American arp- ts
generally.
Now, sir, I do plead for American art. I do
not stand here as the representative of any indi-
vidual; but 1 plead for the ait of my country. I
think you will give an unwise vote if you now,
without further consideration, without any com-
petition, give a second order to the author of the
picture of De Soto in the Rotunda of the Capitol.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall certainly not consume
any time that I know to be so valuable in discuss-
ing this matter; but I will simply say that if the let-
ter read by the honorable Senator was intended
as a lecture for the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, it is a piece of impertinence on the part of
the writer, and the whole proceeding of theirso-
ciety is an insolence not to be borne, and I think it
should not have been intruded here. I feel it due
to myself as a Senator to say thus much. I hope
we shall come to a vote, because the Senate is cer-
tainly capable of understanding the question be-
i fore it.
February 28,
r. RIDDLE. It is etffdent that the resolu-
l<on of the"Senator from Vermont will pass in
some form; but the Senator from Massachusetts
has proposed an amendment to it which I con-
ceive to be impracticable. In the first place he
wishes competition. How con he obtain compe-
tition unless all the artists will send pictures to
enable the committee to select the one te> be pur-
chased? The painting of De Soto was the fust
painting of Air. Powell; and I admit that it is riot
a su potior painting; but we have pi oof in the Ro-
tunda now that Mr. Powell is capable of produ-
cing abetter painting of a naval character than has
ever been sent to Washington. 1 do not know
Mr. Powell. I have met him once, I think. I
know nothing about him. But in my opinion the
picture of Petrv's Victoiy on the Luke is the
greatest painting that ever adorned the Capitol of
the United States. When we know that there is
such an artist living, why hesitate and offer com-
petition and get men to present pictures here in
order that this competition may be preserved? I
am in favor of voting for a man who we know
can produce the picture, and who has given proof
to the country that he can do it; and hence I Shcdl
vote for this proposition of the Senator Irom Ver-
mont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have but a single word
to say. Amendments and speeches upon it will
destroy this resolution, it can be easily done.
Such things have been done and probably will be
done again. I will not take time to answer any
remarks the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts may make, because if I do, 1 do it at the sac-
rifice of the resolution. I do not want to amend
it, for if it is amended it will have to go back to
the House, and may be lost.
Mr. SUMNER. I have one word in reply to the
Senator from California, and another word in reply
to the Senator from Delaware; and i begin with
the Senator from California. I am sorry to have
to say anything further; but the remarks which
fell from the Senator from California were so
strange, so utterly unjustifiable, that I should not
do my duty if I did not reply to them. He says
that the artists of this country when they pre-
sume to express an opinion on this question are
impertinent.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I intend that the Senator now
shall not misrepresent what I have said.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. Thatpart of their letter that
I denounce as impertinence and as insolent is that
which gives an opinion to Congress touching the
economy or extravagance that they may pursue.
When they speak as artists I have nothing to do
with it at all. But I apprehend that the honorable
Senator will find it very difficult to redeem that
portion of the letter to which I have referred from
the obnoxious charge to which it is subject.
Mr. SUMNER. When I was interrupted I
was replying to the Senator from California who
had arraigned the artist whose letter I read for
impudence and impertinence 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will ask him to be kind enough to give the name
of the writer.
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir; I shall not give the
name.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the Senator that
I do not think it very proper to read letters here
as authority and not let us know the names of
the persons writing them, because then we might
attach to them the importance they deserve.
Mr. SUMNER. I have to say to the Senator,
in reply, it is done every day.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware that it is by thd
Senator, but not by others.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken. I
very rarely do it myself.
But, Mr. Ptesident, let me ask if artists cease
to be citizens? Have they not the privilege of
criticising the conduct of public servants'1 May
not an artist approach Congress by petition?
Would the Senator from California exclude him
from that privilege? Or, if he appears humbly
by petition and presumes to make a suggestion to
this honorable body, will the Senator from Cali-
fornia rise in his place and call him an impertinent?
Is it not a matter of every day's experience that
we are approached by petitioners on every quea-
