1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
iiftr
the book of laws of the last session he will see
what the change is.
Mr. GRIMES. I have got the book before
me. We ore attempting to amend a section (hat
embraces some dozen pages, and it is utterly im-
possible for me to keep track of this bill and the
law that we are attempting to amend at the same
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision of that law
•in regard to steam engines is:
"On steam engines, including locomotive and marine
engines, a duty of three per cent, ad valorem
This bill proposes to amend that by making
the duty five per cent., but at the same time adds
the proviso:
Provided, That when such boilers or parts thereof shall
have heen assessed and a duty previously paid thereon, the
amount so paid shall be deducted from the duties ou the
finished engines.
That is applying the same principle to steam
boilers as is applied in other parts of the bill to
other manufactures. The proviso in this portion
of the bill in regard to quicksilver is simply to
give it the same right of transfer to a bonded ware-
house and be exported free of duty as is provided
in other cases of manufactures or production.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 observe that this bill pro-
poses to strike out all that is in the law of 1864
xn regard to steam engines, and to insert in lieu
thereof:
On steam, locomotive, and marine engines, including the
boilers and all their paus,a duty of five per cent, ad valo-
rem: Provided, That when s>uc!i boilers or parts thereof
shall have been once assessed ^nd a duty previously paid
thereon, the amount so paid shall be deducted from the
duties on the finished engine.
Mr. SHERMAN. The present duty, I will
inform the Senator, is three per cent. The old
law reads as follows':
" On steam engines, including locomotive and marine
engines, a duty oi three per cent- ad valorem
We here provide that there shall be levied—
On steam, locomotive, and marine engines, including the
boilers and all their parts, a duty of five per cent, ad valo-
rem.
But we provide that when such boilers or parts
thereof have been once assessed and a duty pre-
viously paid, on them, the amount so paid is to
be deducted from the duties on the finished en-
gines. The reason is obvious. The boiler is a
separate and distmctbranch of manufacture,which
-is taxed as a boiler; and when it forms a part of
the engine it should not beretaxed, because noth-
ing additional is done to it when it is put into the
steam engine exceptto make it a part of the steam
engine. You tax it as a boiler, and then to tax it
as part of the engine, without additional work
being put upon it, would be manifestly unjust.
This provision increases the tax on all this ma-
chinery from three to five per cent., and then it
provides that where the boiler isaseparate article
of manufacture, and has paid a distinct .duty, the
duty shall not be assessed twice; that is, it shall
not be assessed on the boiler as part of the engine.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend that will not be
a very profitable way of legislation; that if you
exempt such portions of the boiler of these en-
gines as have*been once taxed in some other char-
acter, in the hands of some other manufacturer,
you will lose money rather than make it by pass-
ing this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is done all through the
law of last year.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the very same page of
the law which we are how proposing to amend,
the Senator will find three provisions of precisely
similar character. Here is one:
"Provided, That steel rolled, and sheet, rod, or wire made
of steel upon which a duty has been assessed and paid,
shall be assessed and pay a duty of five per cent, ad valorem
upon the increased value only thereof."
So on the same page there is the same provis-
ion in regard to rolled brass, copper rolled, yel-
low sheathing metal in rods or sheets, &c. That
same provision is applied to nearly every article
of manufacture where the article itself is a spe-
cific article of manufacture. }
Mr. GRIMES. As has been remarked to me,
this is a violation of the principle upon which the
whole of our tax laws hitherto have proceeded.
It has been suggested to me by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] that we tax leather in
the hands of the butcher before it is converted
into leather, and then we tax it in the hands of
the manufacturer. We tax every bolt and every
piece of copper that goes on a ship, and then we
tax the ship afterward as a manufacture.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
Here is one of the provisions of the old law:
" On rolled brass, copper rolled, yellow sheathing nletal
in rods or sheets, and shot, sheet lead, and lead pipes, a
duty of three per cent, ad valorem: Pro oided, That when
any of the articles herein mentioned shall not have been
assessed and a duty paid thereon of three per cent., in the
form of ingots, pigs, or bars, a duty of five per cent, shall
be assessed and paid thereon."
Now, in regard to leather:
"On leather of all descriptions, curried or finished, a
duty of five percent, ad valorem: Provided, That all leather
previously assessed in the rough and upon which duties
have been actually paid shall be assessed on the increased
value only when curried orfiuished."
Mr. GRIMES. Do you not put a tax on the
shoes?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; because there is an
entire change of the article.
Mr. HENDERSON. While we are upon this
subject I desire to call the attention of the chair-
man of the committee to the fact that I- think in
the committee the words "or parts thereof" in
line five hundred and forty-six were stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were, and they ought
to be out.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate while we are upon this sub-
ject to strike out those words " or parts thereof,"
because it was certainly the understanding of the
committee that they should be stricken out. I
presume it is an error in printing the bill that they
are notso marked. The proviso reads,as itnow
stands:
Provided,That when such boilers or parts thereof shall
have been once assessed and a duty previously paid thereon
the amount so paid shall be deducted from the duties on the
finished engine.
I move to strike out the words " or parts there-
of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I desire to move an amendment
in the five hundred and thirty-fifth line on this same
page.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest to the Senator to
let us dispose of the amendments of the commit-
tee first.
Mr. COW AN. The amendment last acted upon
was not an amendment of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. They intended to make that
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I asked the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make the amendment so
as to carry out the intention of the committee.
Mr. COWAN. I beg pardon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The reading of the bill will be pro-
ceeded with, and the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance will receive the first action
of the Senate, and then amendments by other Sen-
ators will be in order.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
The nextamendmentof the committee wasinline
five hundred and eighty-three, page 24, to strike
out the following words:
By adding to the paragraph relating to patent, enameled,
and japanned leather, the words " Provided, That when
a duty has been paid on the leather in the rough, the duty
shall be assessed and paid only on the increased value."
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to say that that is the
old law. I wish to inquire, what then is the ne-
cessity of adding it here, and who is going to de-
termine what is the amount of the increased
value on this enameled leather?
Mr. SHERMAN. We propose to strike it
out. The Senator agrees with us entirely. The
House have put in a provision exempting patent,
enameled, and japanned leather from a double
tax. We thought that the article was so much
changed by the process of enameling, &c., in its
value and character that the provision ought to
apply to that character of leather, and therefore
we move to strikejjt out.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree with the committee if
that is what is to be accomplished by it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to and including the following clause:
By inserting in the paragraph relating to ready-made cloth-
inij, after the word " dress," the words " not otherwise as-
sessed and taxed a& such," and by striking out of the same
paragraph all after the words " does not exceed the sum
of" and inserting the wolds "$1,000 per annum shall be
exempt from duty."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have promised te state
where we came to any provision of importance,
and this is an important subject t<J which I Wish,
to call the attention of the Senate. In; the>oid
law we exempted $600 per annum.of the product
of tailors, boot and shoe makers, &c„ and other
small employments. This clause increases the.
exemption to f1,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do the Committee on Fi-
nance propose to increase the exemption as it
came from the House?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it is not the bill
as it came from the House; but I cali the atten-
tion of the Senate to it because I promised to call,
their attention to any matter in which there w s
animportantchange made. The House increased
the amount of the exemption from $600 to $1,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you strike it out? *
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; we leave it as itisi
The next amendment was on page 26, line six
hundred and ten', after the words " ad valorem,"
to strike out the following words:
By striking out in paragraph relating to diamonds,precious
stones, nnddmitations thereof, and all other jewelry the
word " ten* and inserting in lieu thereof the word " nve."
Mr. SPRAGUE. This subject received the
attention of the Gommittee of Ways and Means
of the House of Representatives, who heard com-
mittees from different parts of the country upofl-
it. They represented that their interests had beSea.-
in the past year very seriously affected by. the
distinction which the law of last year made in re 
gard to their interests, requiring those who deal
in jewelry to pay a tax of ten per cent., while
upon silverware, diamonds, &c., there was only
imposed a duty of five per cent. They repre-
sen ted that it had a tendency to induce contraband,
trade. It is within my knowledge that a large'
portion of the jewelry now produced in this coun-
try is manufactured at the homes of the people
making the goods, and it is then sold to whom-
ever it may concern. The effect has been to de-
crease the amount manufactured by the large
manufacturers and to entirely deprive the Treas-
ury of any income from this tax. Silver is not
taxed at all. Diamonds are not taxed. The labor
upon them simply is taxed. G'old and the labor
that enter into the manufacture of jewelry are
taxed. There are many articles made of silver
which are made both by the manufacturer of gold
and silver, where they compete with eacli other,,
and this discrimination in the tax tends to destroy,
the interests of those engaged in the manufacture
from gold. Some of the best and most respect-
able of them have come to Congress, and have
had long conferences with the House committee
on the subject. It has been certainly impossible
for the Senate Committee on Finance to thoroughly
investigate the subject. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will not agree to the report of thecommittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Island is very much mistaken about there being,
no tax upon jewelry set in silver. I have the law
before me. It is perfectly clear. The old la#,
provides: ' *
"On all diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, and imita-
tions thereof, and all other jewelry, a duty of ten per ceni.
ad valorem: Provided, That when diamonds, emeralds, pre-
cious stones, or imitations thereof, Imported from foreign
countries, or upon which Import duties have been paid,
shall be set or reset in gold or any other material, the duty
shall be assessed and paid upon the value only of the set-
tings."
That is the present law. The House of Rep-
resentatives propose to reduce the tax on jewelry
from ten to five per cent. The Committee on
Finance thought it was a character of employ-
ment that could afford to pay an increased tax,
just like the increased tax on whisky or tobacco.
We thought it was one of those articles of luxury
that might be dispensed with, and that people who
wish to wear jewelry could afford to pay ten per
cent, on its value to the Government, being almost'
double that levied upon other manufactures. _
Mr. GRIMES. Youramendment leaves it just
where it is now under the present law?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But under the operation of
the present law the Government does not receive1
an income from the tax. The law does not pro-
vide any means by which the tax can be levied,
on the obscure establishments. There is tio pos^'
sible provision by which any revenue to the Treas-
ury can be derived from seven eighths of: the
jewelry that is now taxed tan per cent. : Those
