1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
gentlemen who came here representing this inter-
est made this point very clear to the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance may be right;
but those who are manufacturing silverware in
competition and to be sold alongside of this jew-
elry report that they pay no duty or tax upon
anything but the labor employed—nothing upon
the silver, and nothing upon the value—while in
the manufacture of similar articles from gold there
is a tax of ten per cent, on the gold and on the
labor. On the silver manufacture the labor alone
is taxed. That is the way they construe it at
the Department at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I believed that the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue or any other man
could so construe this law, I should certainly
have but httie confidence in his common sense.
I do not think such a construction can be put
upon it. The words are plain:
"That when diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, or
imitations thereof, imported from foieigti countries, or
upon which import duties have been paid, shall be set or
reset in gold or any other material, the duty shall be as-
sessed and paid upon the value only of the settings."
If silver is not a material, then as a matter of
course the alleged construction would be correct;
and if anybody will say that, we will simply
provide for a case of lunacy.
In regard to the machinery by which this tax
is collected, the same machinery is applied in the
collection of this tax as in the collection of all
taxes on manufactures. I have no doubt many
obscure jewelers, carrying on their work in re-
mote places or in lofts, may avoid this tax; but
that may be said of every tax imposed by law.
Mr. COLLAMER. How will reducing the
amount correct that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know, unless it
is supposed that they are more expert in trying
to avoid a tax of ten percent, than they would
be to avoid five per cent.
Mr.SPRAGUE. The inducement to fraud is
T®ry great with the tax at ten per cent., while if
the tax was put at five per cent, it would be com-
paratively small. These gentlemen feel that there
is a certain injustice that articles of the same
trade should be taxed at five per cent, and their
particular articles taxed at ten percent. It offers
a great inducement to fraud and contraband trade.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would have no effect
in relation to the mode of collecting at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 cei tainly understand that
the construction stated by my colleague prevails.
It is so stated by persons engaged in the manu-
facture. The committee of theHouseconsideied
this matter very deliberately and with agreat deal
of examination, and I think we had better lut the
tax be as they have put it. I do not see why
there should be a discrimination against this
branch of industry, it may be a luxury to those
who buy it, but a great deal of this cheap jewelry
is as near to wearing apparel as almost anything.
It can hardly be called an article of luxury. But
it is an industry to those who manufacture it, I
hope that we shall disagree to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, and allow it to stand
as the House have placed if..
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 26, line six hundred and nineteen, after the
\vord"descriptions,,,to insert the words " when
prepared for use;" so that the clause will read:
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco or any substitute for
tobacco, ground dry or damp, pickled, scented, or other-
wise, of all descriptions, when prepared for use, forty cents
per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole tobacco tax is
provided for in another section, and in case the
Senate tobacco tax should not be agreed upon
these words should be restored. I wili make that
explanation now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 26,after line six hundred and twenty, to
strike out the following clause:
On cavendish, ping, twist, and all other kinds of manu-
factured tobacco, not herein otherwise provided for, torty
cents per pound. .
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the chairman of
the committee will permit these clauses relating
to tobacco to be passed over for the time beine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they might as well
fee acted upoti now,
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, sir, 1 have no ob-
jection. I am ready. I suppose this whole sub-
ject of the tax on tobacco is now amendable.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee propose to
strike out this paragraph, and the Senator has a
right to move to insert something else in its place.
I suppose that is what he desires to do.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has a right to
do that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to insert in lieu
of the words proposed to be stricken out the fol-
lowing:
On cavendish, plus, twist, and all other kinds of manu-
factured tobacco prepared for^he purpose of chewing, and
made merchantable, whether prepared by machinery or by
hand, and whether sweetened or not, thirty-five cents per
pound.
Mr. CLARK. I think we had better retain the
old definitions if the Senator from Missouri
pleases, as they have already been construed in
part and acted upon. I propose to move to strike
out " forty" and insert " thirty-five" where he
desires to have it done.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is in my amend-
ment.
Mr. QLARK. But I want to retain the old
definitions which have been acted on by the De-
partment, and the forms prepared.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will explain to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire why I have offered
this amendment. It is upon information that I
have very recently from our manufacturers. The
business of manufacturing chewing tobacco, from
which the Government received nearly half a
million dollars in my State last year, will entirely
cease in my State unless some amendmentof this
character shall be adopted. The honest manu-
facturer wili not be permitted to continue his busi-
ness; he must give it up and quit it entirely. I
understand that nosv tobacco is twisted by the hand
in large quantities, and that orders are frequently
made for it in that shape. It is not pressed by
machinery; it is not put under the screw, as man-
ufactured tobacco is. As we understand it, it is
called manufactured tobacco after ithas been sub-
jected to the press of the screw; but I am told it
is now merely twisted up, sometimes sweetened
and sometimes not sweetened, but twisted up by
the hand as close and as tight as it can be, and
large orders are now made for tobacco in that
shape, and it is being used in that shape; and
hence it is that the honest manufacturer must be
compelled to quit the business unless 
Mr. CLARK. I will ask the Senator to look
at line six hundred and twenty-four of the bill,
just below, and he will see a provision exactly
for the case that he is mentioning now.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that; but
the Senator will see that I do not wish to make
any distinction at all. If tobacco is put up in
that condition, and is made a merchantable arti-
cle, and used by the chewer in that shape and
condition, it ought to pay exactly the same tax.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator merely de-
sire to have the " thirty "raised to" thirty-five?"
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection; but I de-
sire to preserve the old forma of definition which
are used in the forms which have been sent out
to the collectors.
Mr. HENDERSON. I preserve them. I will
read the amendment to the amendment again.
On cavendish, plug, twist, and all other kinds of manu-
factured tobacco—
Using the words precisely as they were used
before—
prepared for the purpose of chewing and made merchant-
able.
That does not interfere with the farmer twist-
ing up the tobacco and using it himself; but when
it is twisted up and made a merchantable article
and orders are made for it by the merchants
throughout the country and it is used and sold in
that shape, I desire that it shallpay the same tax.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not that provided for by
the succeeding clause?
Mr. HENDERSON. Notproperly. The suc-
ceeding clause says:
On tobacco twisted by hand, or reduccd from leaf into
a condition to be confmmod, without the use of any ma-
chine or instrument, and without being pressed, sweetened,
or otherwise prepared, thirty cents per pound.
You cannot get that tax at all, because the
farmer will put it up and will use it, and wili sell
it to his neighbors. I desire to say that when it
is made merchantable, that is, when it is bought
and sold for chewing purposes, it shall pay the
same tax as other tobacco. There is no distinc-
tion here in the section as it now stands to pre-
vent parties from putting it up and using it.
Certainly the section is not intended to apply to
the farmer who goes into his own lobacco-house
and twists tobacco and puts it in his pocket and
uses it, because any man has a right so to do,
and it would simply be taxing the leaf. I desire
onljr to tax it in its manufactured state; and if
parties manufacture it in that condition and use
it as a manufactured article, make it a merchant-
able article, buying and selling it, then I desire
to tax it.
Mr. CLARK. I am not certain that the Sen-
ator may not desire the same thing that I do, and
if he will withdraw his amendment for the pres-
ent and let the matter go over, I will confer with
him, and perhaps we can agree precisely on what
it should be. He may have the same object that
1 have.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume we have the
same object in view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendmentof the committee, the
amendment to the amendment being withdrawn.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to strike out11 forty"
in line six hundred and nineteen and insert
"thirty-five." That was according to the under-
standing of the committee; but it seems to be re-
tained here at forty cents. The increase is pro-
vided for in another part of the bill. It now reads:
On snuff manufactured of tobacco or any substitute for
tobacco, ground dry or damp, pickifd, s-cented, or other-
wise, of all descriptions, when prepared for use, forty cents
per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment, striking out " forty Mand inserting4' thirty-
five," will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. Bnfore that question is
submitted to the Senate and acted upon, I desire
to state that if the Senator intends to insist upon
the increase of the duty upon manufactured to-
bacco and smoking tobacco in the subsequent part
of this bill instead of the increase here, I shall
oppose it. If he desires an increase I think the
increase ought to be made at this point. I am
not one of those who believe that tobacco can
stand much increase from the taxation that we
now have, if it be desired to increase it in the
subsequent section and levy an additional twenty
per cent, upon all manufactured articles contained
in section ninety-four of the biil of the last session,
i shall oppose it. Senators will see that twenty
per cent, upon the tobacco tax is seven cents. It
is now thii ty-five cents, and one fifth of that ia
seven cents, which would makethe tax forty-two
cents. If the Senator proposes to change the tax
of forty cents here to thirty-five cents, and then
insists on the increased duty in the subsequent
part of the bill, it will make the duty on tobacco
forty-two cents instead of forty cents. As there
is a general increase insisted on in this bill, I shall
not object to an increase of the taxation upon to-
bacco. I am willing to consent to a tax of forty
cents, and let it stand in the bdl here at forty cents;
but I shall insist upon no increase in the subse-
quent section. I can demonstrate to the Senate,
I think, satisfactorily that forty cents is a very
exorbitant tax upon this article; and I have in-
formation that satisfies me that if this tax is much
increased, the business, at least in my section of
the country, will not be continued.
Mr. CLARK. What I designed was to strike
out the increase of five per cent, here and reduce
it to the old price of thirty-five cents,and then in-
crease the tax upon tobacco, as we had increased
the rates upon the other articles, one fifth of the
tax, or one twentieth of the amount. U would
add to the tax on tobacco at thirty^five cents,
seven cents, making it forty-two cents, and the
increase would correspond exactly with the in-
crease we make on many other articles; and that
was tne understanding of the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was not my un-
derstanding.
Mr. CLARK. But if the Senator desires to
confer with me further in connection with this
amendment,perhaps it had better be passed over
as well as the rest.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think it had better be
passed over.
