1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is withdrawn, and the question is on the
amendment proposed by the committee, striking
out certain words.
Mr. CLA-RK. That amendment had better be
passed over, and no action taken upon it at pres-
ent, as the Senator from Missouri and myself are
to confer about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment of the committee will be passed over,no ob-
jection being made, and the reading of the bill
Will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued the reading,as follows:
On tobacco twisted by hand, or reduced from leaf into
a condition to be consumed, without the u«se of any ma-
chmu or instrument, and without being pressed,sweetened,
or otheiwise prepared, thirty cents per pound.
Mi*. HENDERSON. Let all those clauses in
regaid to tobacco be passed over.
Mr. CLARK. Cigars and all?
Mr. HENDERSON. No; 1 am willing to con-
sider the tax on cigars now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, the amendments reported by the com-
mittee on the subjectof tobaeco will be passed by
and not acted upon at the present time; and the
reading will be proceeded-with, beginning on the
six hundred and thirty-sixth line.
The Secretary continued the readingof the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 27, line six hundred and thirty-eight, after
the word " cigarettes" to insert, " and valued at
not more than five dollars per hundred packages,"
so that the clause will read:
On cigaicttcs made of tobacco, inclosed in a paper
wrapper, and put up in packages containing not more than
twenty-live cigarettes, and valued at not more than five
dollars per hundred packages, five cents per package.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was on page 27, after line
six hundred and thirty-nine, to strikeout the fol-
lowing clause:
"On all cigars, chcroots, and cigarcttcs. made wholly
of tobacco, or of any substitutes therefor, whether imported
or of domestic inanuidcture, sixty cents per pound; and no
tare for the box or package in which any cigars or cigar-
ettes are packcd shall be allowed in ascertaining the weight.
And the duty as aloreaid on all cigar?., cheroots, or cigar-
ettes imported shall be levied, collected, and paid under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury thai! pre-
scribe by inserting m the last paragraph relating to cigar-,
after the'words "iinpiisonrnent not exceeding thirty days,"
the words, '* and any person furnished with such permit
may apply to the assistant assessor or inspector of the dis-
trict lo have any cigars of their own manufacture weighed ;
and on receiving a ceitificate of the weight, for which such
fee as may be prescribed by the Commissions of internal
Revenue shall he paid by the owner thereof, may sell and
deliver such cigars to any puichaser. in the presence of
said asisstant a^se&sor or inspector, in bulk or unpacked,
without payment of the duty. A copy of the cenificate
shall be ictained by ihe assistant assessor, or by the in-
fcpfctor.who shall rmurn the same to the ass^tant assessor
oi the ilisnict. The purchaser shall pack Mich cigais in
boxes, and have the same inspected and maikcd or stamped
according to the provisions of this act, and shall make a
return ot the hame as inspected to the assistant as^e>sor of
the district, and, unless lemoved to a bonded warehouse,
{.hall pa> the duties on sucn cigars within five days after
piiichusing them to the collector of the district wherein
they were manufactured, and before the same have been
removed from the store or building ot such purchaser, or
from hi  possession; and any such purchaser who shall
neglect for more than five days to pack and have such cigars
duly inspected, and pay the duties thereon according to this
act, or who shall purchase any cigars from any person not
holding such permit, the duties thereon not having been
paid, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be
fined not exceeding §ot>0, and be imprisoned not exceeding
feix months, at the discretion of the court, and the cigais
than be forieited and sold, one fourth lor the benefit of
the informer, one fourth for the officer who seized or had
them condemned, and one half shall be paid to the Govern-
ment."
On cigarettes made wholly of tobacco or any substitute
therefor, on cheroots or short sixes, and on all cigais
valued at fifteen dollars or iess per thousand, with the tax
Included, tivo dollars per thousand; and on all cigaiettes or
cigais valued higher than as aforesaid, fifteen dollars per
thousand.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am under some mis-
understanding about this thing. I desire that a
portion of that section that is proposed to be
stricken outshall be retained, especially that por-
tion which guards the revenue and requires that
thes<i cigars shall be stamped and inspected.
Mr. CLARK. That is in the old law.
Mr. HENDERSON. My impression is that
this is an improvement on the old iaw. I ask the
Senator to let it be passed over for the present
along with the other tohecco tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, no action will be taken on this proposed
amendment at the present time, but it will be
passed over, and the reading of the bill will be
proceeded with.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
The nex't amendment was on page Q9, after line
seven hundred and two, to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
That section one hundred three be amended by striking
out the words " two and a half percent, upon thegioss re-
ceipts," and inserting " two and a half per cent, upon net
receipts under $3,000, and five per cent, upon the excess."
Mr. FARWELL. I will ask the Senate to
pass over the amendment to this section. The
committee have amended it by striking out a por-
tion of the House bill, and then by inserting a
long paragraph at the end. There are some other
sections in the bill which have close connection
with this, to which I propose to offer some amend-
ments, and to which I shall ask the attention of
the Senate at the proper time; but I would like
to have this amendment passed over until that
time comes.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think we had better de-
cide this question now. We have to get through
with this bill to-night. We have passed over
several amendments already, and I think we
might as well settle this question at once. The
question presented by the honorable Senator is
whether corporations shall be taxed on their
gross receipts or on their net receipts. That is
the question to be determined by the Senate.
Mr. FARWELL. That is not the question
in thisamendment. The question here iswhether
vessels shall be taxed upon their gross receipts
or upon their net receipts, and upon that subject
I propose to offer an amendment, and I shall de-
sire to have some little time accorded to me to
express my views upon it. 1 think the policy
in every respect of the taxation adopted by the
last Congress is not entirely sound, but this is in
contravention of the whole policy adopted through
this bill. There cannot be found another case m
the whole bill that is analogous to this.
In the first place, here is a tax upon what?
Upon a man's receipts of money. 11 is notupon
any manufacture; it is upon receipts for the use
of his property; and those receipts are taken m
the gross. What are the gross receipts of a ves-
sel? This law was passed at the last session of
Congress. 1 never heard of any intention to so
construe, the act as to apply it to the coasting
trade of the country until after I came to Wash-
ington. Since then I have had letters from all
portions of the coast, complaining of the great
hardships of this bill. In the first place, if it
were proper to tax this property in this way at
all, there is no comparison of the gross receipts
with the net receipts. A man may receive a very
large sum as gross receipts from a vessel, and
still not have one cent left as a net receipt; and
yet the committee now propose to tax him, and
the law of last Congress did tax him, two and a
half per cent, upon the gross earnings of the vessel.
The most of the vessels that this clause reaches
are sailed upon shares by the master, he taking
one half of the gross receipts, and m eases of
the smaller class of vessels going along the coast,
three fifths of the gross receipts for his wages and
for the wages of the crew winch he assumes to
pay, and the provisioning of the vessel. There are
three fifths of the gross receipts that the owner
never sees and has nothing to do with. Then,
again, from the other two fifths he must pay the
insurance, he must pay all the wear and tear of
his vessel, he must pay the port charges; and in
many cases not one cent of the receipts comes into
his hands, and yet he is taxed two and a half per
cent, upon the gross receipts of the vessel. It is
manifestly unjust.
Besides, sir, this is a case where there can be
no protection given. He is competing against the
tonnage of the whole world. You will find by
examining the section of the law thatis now pro-
posed to be amended, that it expressly provides
that in cases of railroads, toil-bridges, and other
corporations, they shall be allowed to add this
tax to their charges, putting these taxes directly
upon the passengets who may travel over them,
or who in.ty have occasion to use them; but m
this case there can be no protection. This class
of pioperty which it is proposed to tax in this
unheaid-of way is competing against the tonnage
of the whole world. There is no protection given
to it, and there cannot be.
The whole policy through all these taxes has
been to exempt from taxation such articles of
manufacture and produce of this country as can-
not be protected against competition from foreign
articles of the same kind. One reason given here,
and a very good reason in my judgment, for the
termination of the reciprocity treaty with Great
Britain was, that with regard to many of our ar-
ticles, upon which we ought to raise some rev-
enue, we were prohibited from doing ea by the
fact that the same articles were admiujd duty*
free from the British provinces, and consequently
no tax could be laid on the same articles manu-
factured in this country. Now here is a case
right in point; and I beg Senators to give their
attention for one moment to the result of this
kind of legislation.'The American tonnage is fast
disappearing from the ocean; and who suffer by
it? Not the owners of the tonnage. They can
sell their tonnage at any time at fair prices and can
invest the proceeds in other property; but is it to
be the policy of this country to drive from the
ocean the tonnage belonging to American citi-
zens, the missionaries and the pioneers of trade
everywhere? Why, sir, it is the tonnage of the
country that has opened up markets to the man-
ufacturers and producers of this country all over
the world. Had not America been a nation
largely engaged in tonnage I do not believe we
should be shipping an article from this country
to Australia to-day. Some of our ships went out
there upon freight with cargoes loaded in Great
Britain, and when the masters got there (intelli-
gent as all our shipmasters are) they found that
those markets were prepared to receive many ar-
ticles of the growth and manufacture of this coun-
try, and they at once opened upacorrespondence
with their owners at home and with their friends
at home, advising them that, certain articles would
pay well for shipping there; and from that small
beginning we have opened up a large trade. It
is so to all the other parts of the woild.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator from Maine, but 1 wish to inquire if
he has not fallen into a misapprehension. There
is no tax levied upon the transportation of per-
sons and property between the United States and
any foreign port.
Mr. FARWELL. No, sir; but the Senator
will perceive, if he will look at the subject for a
moment, that we have some four million tons of
shipping. Perhaps one million tons is of that
class that it must be employed in foreign trade or
in long voyages. It is too large, it is too heavy
a draught of water, it is too cumbersome, for the
coasting trade.
Mr. SHERMAN". There is no tax levied upon
that sort of a vessel.
Mr. FARWELL. I know that. I will explain
it to the Senator in a moment if he will permit me.
There is perhaps one million tons that is too small
for the foreign trade except, perhaps, to the near
ports in the British provinces and West Indies,
leaving two million tons that are adapted for either
tiade. Now, I ask the Senator if he can protect
the coastwise tonnage when there is no protection
to the foreign tonnage. Here are two million
tons of shipping well adapted to either trade,
coastwise or foreign; and whenever the coastwise
trade pays better than the foieign, this shipping
drops into it until it is reduced to the natural level;
and whenever the foreign trade is the been, they
go into that trade, so that of themselves they will
keep the trade, foreign and coastwisc, upon an
equihbt ium. Therefore I say that there can be
no protection.
1 supposed that the policy woqjd be adopted
here that has been adopted m all other Govern-
ments. There is no commercial nation that puts
a direct tax upon its tonnage. France has for
more than twenty years levied a tax of five francs
per ton—nearly adollar—upon every ton of ship-
ping that enters her ports from a foreign poit.
This of course applies to her own tonnage as well
as to ours and that of other nations, thereby
drawing a largo revenue from other nations, and
still leaving her ships upon an equal footing with
theirs. England, too, has collected certain dues,
harbor dues, h^ht dues, &c., from ali foreign ton-
nage; but the United States has never levied any.
That was manifestly a bad policy even in time of
peace, when we had abundance of money to sup-
ply the revenue of the Government. We should
have adopted this policy then, so that when for-
