1865
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40&.
seven points upon which the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate disagreed. One of those
points was the payment by the House of Repre-
sentatives of twenty percent, extra compensation
to their employesfortheiastsession. The House
have agreed to every other amendment of the
Senate but the one striking out that provision
for the payment of the employes. I will give a
little history of the matter, so that the Senate
may understand it.
At the last session the House passed a resolu-
tion paying theiremployes twenty per cent, more
than the regular salary for that session. This
they could not do because it was in the face and
eyes of the law of 1858, which provided that
neither of the two Houses should pay to then-
employes any gratuity of that kind out of its con-
tingentfund. When the matter came to the Comp-
troller of the Treasuiy he refused to allow it, and
bo it could not be paid and was not paid. When
the deficiency bill came before the House they
inserted in it a provision that that gratuity, if you
call it so, it was not a deficiency certainly, should
he authorized and legalized by law; that is, that
the Senate should agree to it. The Senate struck
out that provision, and would not agree that the
House should pay this twenty per cent, out of
its contingent fund. We had one committee of
conference and they did not agree upon it. We
had another committee of conference, and found
that we could agiee to everything else, but came
to the conclusion that we could not agree to this.
It then went back to the House. The House
have agreed to all our amendments with the ex-
ception of the one striking out the provision al-
lowing them to pay their employes twenty per
cent, extra, and on that they have adhered. They
choose that this deficiency bill shall fail unless
they can force the Senate to agree to what is con-
trary to law. We decided it by a vote of 37 to
1 the other day, and I move now that the Senate
adhere to its amendment, and let the bill fail lather
than the Senate should be forced to do what is
contrary to law by such a process as this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Secretary will read the action of the House
upon the bill before the question is taken upon
the pending motion.
The Secietary read, as follows:
In the House of Representatives,
Jamwty 23, lSo.).
Rfsolved, Tlial Ihft House recede from iheir disaijren-
mcnt to tho dinoii<hi)Ciit-> ol the ricn.Uii to Uio bill ol the
liouso No. G^O, to supply defiaencio m theappiopuations
Joi thf h<Mvioe of the fiscal year ending the iiOth of June,
1S(>.">, numbc'ied one. tw o. ma, ami cmlu.
Jlcsohvd, That the IIoW oclhoi^ to thou du<a?ropment
to the anu'iidnK'nt of the Senate to the <-.ud bill tmmbfiod
lour, which pioposos to f-tiike out ail on pa^e 4 ftom Hoc
tvteiitv-tvvo lo line eight on page 5, inclusive, in the follow-
ing \\ or<U:
To enable the Cleik of the TIoit<<* of llepiesentativns to
execute the resolutions of the Ilou-e of July 4, ifr=0i, rii-
roeting payment o( additional nonipen«ation to its officer*,
eleiks. and other emp[r>\e>, and to tin- Ilou-e reporteis for
tin* Conirn'^-i^n.ii Globe, a Mtm Miihoient tor that purpose,
b.'iiiK 10, is hereby appropriated out of any moiif y
in tlie Tie.txriry not Mtbenvi^e appropriated, and the same
lieiebv added to tin: contingent land of the. Ilou^e of
Kepro^entative'i; but no payment shall be made under thu
provision toanvothei poison* than tlir c}^ k*?,ofncfi«s,and
other employe* of the House, and the reporters lor the
Congressional Globe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senate
amended the House bill by striking out the words
which have just been read. The House ©f Rep-
resentatives disagreed to thatamendment. Upon
the first committee of conference the committee
divided and disogieed in reference to that amend-
ment and were discharged. A new committee of
confcrence was appointed, and that committee
disagreed as to thisamendment. The House have
receded from their disagreement to all the other
amendments of the Senate and adhered to their
disagreement to this amendment. The Senator
from New Hampshire, as chairman of the com-
mittee of conference, now moves that the Seriate
adhere to this amendment, and upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 1; as follows:
y  Mc—H-. Antliony, niOYm:I5uckaIrw,Claik,Col-
laini'i* Coniie.-S, CVWim, Di.Vlr, l)f\on, Doo!uttc,F.uwc'li.
root Vo-tci. Gi 11111'-, 11:11 lit.I'-', lUrlsin, Hairit-. Ileink'i-oil,
Jleminck-i, ll.cks, I Inward, Hmvi', Joli,i-on, Lane or' Indi-
ana. Mo;".til. Mom ill. Toinoiny, Powell, Rain-cy, ltiehaid-
sim*Uiiiitic.s.ii!l-l ii a;uii, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Tium-
Lnu", Wade, and Wu'iiiil-Sd.
KAY—Mr. L'aihlc—1.
AUPENT—Mr.--rs. Chandler, Stale, T.ano of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall.NesinilJi, Sherman, Van VVinkie, Wilkinson, VVil-
[ey, and Wilson—10,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adhere prevails, and the bill fails upon the disa-
greement between the two Houses.
RETALIATION ON UEBEL PRISONERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 97) advising retaliation for the cruel
treatment of prisoners by the insurgents.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, if I have been
successful in presenting the grounds upon which
the committee arrived at the opinion that the time
for measures of retaliation had come, and have
earned forward Senators to concur in the argu-
ment so far, I think I shall have little difficulty
in justifying the committee further it) any sugges-
tions it may have made as to the modes of that
retaliation. With this specific understanding in
advance, that it was not intended lo limit or re-
strict the action of the executive department of
the Government to any suggestions that have
been made, it was yetdeemed proper by the com-
mittee that they should make those suggestions,
because they struck them as favorable toward the
end to be accomplished. Nowwhatis the-clause
to which exception is taken? After affirming the
doctrine of retaliation, the resolution goes on to
say:
" That such officers ought to be subjected to like treat-
ment piaetieed toward our otlieeis or soldiers in the hands
of thii Iilsuigenti, in respect to quantity and quality of
food, cloltunq, luel, medicine, moiheal attendance, per-
sonal expo-ine, oi other mode of dealing with them.
And for that purpose, and in view of getting at
appreciative justice in the case, it is submitted that
those of our prisoners who have been in their
hands shall be, as far as piacticable, made their
custodians. Now I ask Senators to put the ques-
tion to themselves, where is the difference in prin-
ciple between setting apart soldiers of theirs with
the notification that they will be shot on the mor-
row if the putting our captuied soklieis in front
of their breastworks is not desisted from,or tak-
ing soldiers of thens and placing them in such
positions that they will be exposed to their own
artillery installation for like treatment on their
part of our soldiers—wheie is the diffeiencc in
principle between those measures—both of which,
recollect, accomplished the desired result, and
takingtheirprisoners,and saying, " We will sub-
ject you to the same treatment, in regard to diet
snd food, that you subject ours, and if you per-
sist m systematically subjecting our men to such
inhuman ciuelties, remember you will cause the
same to be visited on your own officers. You
have the option. It rests with you." For one, I
do not see the distinction; and for one, I am free
to say that, so far as the question of humanity is
involved, so far as any barbai ism goes to the root
of the question, the more inhuman and the more
barbarous the treatment is, the greater the neces-
sity for adopting the retaliation in older to make it
cease. 1 say that the more you pile up the epi-
thets in denunciation of this course, the more you
accumulate the reasons why you should resort to
the ultimate measure that will produce a stoppage
of it in the face of the failure of all otheis to do
so. At least such is the manner in which it
strikes my own mind. If it be true that our sol-
dieis are being systematically and intentionally
starved to death, then I say that the call of this
whole country is impeiative upon us to give no-
tice that we will resort to retaliation even in kind
if it will produce the desired result and stop this
process of destruction.
What shall we say to the rebels—If you are
inhuman up to a certain point we will retaliate
in order to make you cease, but if you go beyond
that point then we shall stop; you may do so
with impunity, we will not resort to the on! y mode
that will biing you to a senseof your barbaiisnir
Is that the doctrine Senators would advance? Must
we offer them a premium on cruelty to our pus-
oners in our squeamishness and sensitiveness
about the modes of retaliation and the measure of
retaliation? Shall we soy we are more sensitive
about our own conventional modes of putting to
the death, if it should ever come to that, wlncn
it never would, than we are about the starving,
dying thousands of our soldno's being executed
slowly m southei n prisons ? But that is the most
extreme view that can be taken, and there is no
likelihood that it would result in such infliction
upon their prisoners up to the ppint of starvation
or anything like it. That is all clap-trap. _ At
least it cannot be thrown out with any propriety
as a reflection against the committee, for their
conviction, witnessed by the very introduction of
this resolution that it would be efficacious to stop
these barbarous practices of the enemy, is also
conclusive against their having to be carried out
to their extremity by ourselves. But do not let
us indicate a point beyond which we dare follow,
and say if you go on with your barbarism beyond
that point you may be cruel with impunity inas-
much as I will not retaliate.
I do not think, therefore, that anything can be
established against the justice of this resolution
by depicting the inhumanity of tlie course of the
rebel authorities. On the contrary, every argu-
ment which is presented showing it to be in con-
trast with the usages of civilized war goes the
more conclusively to demonstrate the necessity of
our taking such action here and now as will put
a period to it summarily. We have seen by the
results of retaliation in other instances that the
surest and the swiftest mode of terminating such
outrages is to give notice that we will retaliate
like for like, even unto death. What then shall
commend us to a sickly sentimentality in this in-
stance and in presence of so dire a continuing out-
rago ?.
Mr. President, let me say, therefore, that while
I believe I am naturally as humane as other Sen-
ators, while I claim to be as much influenced by
the moral sentiment of the community at large
and by those general principles which obtain
among civilized people, 1 cannot in this matter,
and with the facts that are so fully evidenced, hes-
itate to rccommend that that very measure shall
be adopted which now presents itself as the only
one which in my estimation will produce the de-
sired result of stopping the present treatment of
our prisoners in the South. If Senators could
show me any other mode thatwould produce the
result more speedily, if they could show me any
other mode that had not been tried, and failed, if
they could show any feasible resort that would
result in putting a period to these baibarities, I
should be exceeding glad to adopt it; but I say,
that having been forced to the doctrine of retalia-
tion as we now are, having predicated it upon the
ground that a necessity has arrived for putting it
in force, you have no right to shnnk and cry hor-
ror at the modes of doing itand say those commis-
sioned to give practical effect to your views are
acting with inhumanity in recommending its
most common application of like for like, is it
not inhuman to place one of the enemy's soldiers
before your breastworks when they are firing
upon it? So does the measure suggested by the
committee partake of great harshness. Can you,
however, draw the lines of inhumanity so that
they will exclude the one and include the'other ?
Clearly not. Therefore, such fact itself is evi-
dence conclusive that that mode of reasoning can-
not apply to the case; that in accepting the doc-
trine you accept its consequences, and you justify
your resort arid at last justify your own human-
ity, not in narrow technical modes of punishment
and death, but in the broad fact that it will stop
such barbarous cruelties on their part and neces-
sarily preclude it on yours.
Nor can 1 understand the objection which is
taken to this procedure by those Senators espe-
cially who proclaim that our soldiers in southern
prisons are not being treated with inhumanity,
who declare here that all this common sentiment,
of the country which has come to them by the
skeletons who have returned fiom those prisons,
and who have testified around all the firesides in
the land, is a living lie; that these confederates
are treating them with humanity, with kindness,
with consideration, and with full and abundant
living, and that they are not guilty of the gross
barbaiitics charged. When that declaration is set
forth by Senatois, they deprive themselves of any
retort upon this measuie as a measure of inhu-
manity; they answer their own argument; they
cut themselves off criminating othcis. If there
is no such tieatment going on there, if these evi-
dences are all fallacious, if it is not true, how is
it going to be an act of inhumanity to put their
soldiers on the same rations ?_ Facts will govern
the case; notice will precede it; all the charities
will guard the execution. How, then, can it
