1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
eign vessels came to our ports they should con-
tribute something to our revenues as well as to
have us contribute to theirs. We have at this
very Congress made an appropriation for the ex-
tinguishment of the Scheldt dues, which was a
tax on our tonnage as well as a tax on the ton-
nage of other countries going into the Scheldt;
end I think within a very few years we com-
pounded the Sound dues with Denmark, paying
a large sum of money to get rid of those dues.
Now, sir, the taxes proposed by this bill on
shipping come very uneven; they are very trouble-
some to collect; it is very expensive to get them;
and I suggest to the committee—and I made the
suggestion once before, but I fear the attention
of the committee was not called to it—that the
Government may derive more,revenue in a direct
way where it will cost not one cent to collect it.
The Government may collect more money from
the shipping of the country than it will derive
under this tax, and where it will cost not one cent
to collect it,-by assessing a tax on vessels com-
ing from foreign ports, and I say to the Senator
from Ohio that the owners of the shipping of this
country will not object to a direct tax assessed
upon each vessel as she arrives from a foreign
port, paid into the custom-house at the time of her
entrance, where there can be no escape, and where
there can be no expense of collecting, and where
at least three fifths of it will come out of foreign
nations, and half of it out of Great Britain, who
has done so much to bring our tonnage into dis-
repute.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor from Maine whether the tonnage that is taxed
under this bill is in competition with foreign ton-
nage; whether a foreign ship loaded at one of our
ports for another of our ports would not be sub-
ject to this tax the same as our own shipping.
Mr. FARWELL. I will state to the Senator
that a foreign ship cannot load in one of our do-
mestic ports for another domestic port; it is pro-
hibited. I supposed I had explained to the Sena-
tor, but his attention must have been drawn off
at the time 1 explained it, that it was not possible
to give protection; that that is no measure of pro-
tection, because we have so large a class of ves-
sels suitable for the coasting trade that whenever
the coasting trade pays better than the foreign
trade they drop into the coasting trade until they
bring it down to the standard of the profit of the
foreign trade, and consequently no protection
can be given by this measure by giving us the
exclusive right of the coasting trade. England
gives that same right to her coasting vessels also.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor another question: whether this tax upon the
coasting trade is not charged by the shipper ad-
ditional upon his freights; and, whether the voy-
age be prosperous or not, if lie has not received
the tax at least by way of these extra charges.
Mr. FARWELL. There can be no addition.
The man who goes into the market with a vessel
is obliged to take what they give him; he takes
the rates, be they more or less, and the coasting
rates and foreign rates correspond as near as can
be. If one business is paying the other is pay-
ing. They run together. Now, instead of mak-
ing it a direct tax in this way, and making the
American tonnage pay the whole of it, why not
put the tax on every ship that arrives at one of
our ports from a foreign port? Then Great Brit-
ain will pay her portion of the tax. Why, sir, I
looked in the Tribune only a night or two ago,
and out of some forty arrivals in that port more
than thirty-five were foreign vessels.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Maine is
not discussingfthe amendment now before the
Senate, but discussing a proposition upon which
I agree with him entirely; and if he will prepare
an amendment carefully—he is more familiar with
the subject of shipping than I can be—making a
reasonable duty upon foreign ships arriving at
our ports, in the nature of light-house dues, I
shall vote for it with great pleasure; but that does
not affect this question.
Mr. FARWELL. But would the Senator have
this increased tax put on also?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I would apply that
tax only to foreign shipping. I believe, however,
we cannot impose such a tax as that. At any
rate, the question now before us is not the one
that the Senator is discussing.
Mr. FARWELL. I was only discussing that
as a substitute for this, as a reason why this
should be rejected; and then I propose to advise
the committee to offer, or to offer myself, such
a proposition as I have suggested. I believe it
is a just measure. 1 believe that where the Gov-
ernment gets $500,000 under this tax they may
get $1,000,000 under the other. Great Britain
will pay $500,000 of it; we shall pay perhaps
$300,000 of it; and the other $200,000 will come
out of other foreign ships. 1 believe that this
amendment should be rejected. I believe that if
there was no tax obtained in any other way this
should not be imposed. It is not a manufacture;
it is an income. The money received from a, ship
is merely an income; and that you propose to tax
five or ten per cent, as the case may be, and then
here instead of putting on two and a half per cent,
more to the income, making it seven and a half or
twelve and a half, you put two and a half on the
gross receipts, which is more than ten per cent, on
every dollar of net income that will be obtained
from any of this class of property. Such a tax is
manifestly unjust. I hope the amendment pro-
posed by the committee will be rejected atany rate.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If 1 understand the
present question, it is upon that part of the bill
proposing to amend section one hundred and three
of the old law, which commences in the bill be-
fore us on line seven hundred and three; and the
question is whether the taxes are to be imposed
upon the gross or upon the net receipts of these
various companies. The Committee on Finance
proposed to strike out the amendment in this re-
spect that has been introduced by the House.
The House proposed instead of having this tax
uniformly upon the gross receipts to tax at a
double rate the net receipts.
We were warned by one of the Senators from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] lasteveningagainst
the danger of an inequality in the imposition of
these taxes. He stated, and I have no doubt
justly, and properly, and truly, that if our people
were satisfied that the taxes were equally imposed
so as to aifect every industry in the same propor-
tion, there would be little objection made to the
payment of the taxes. My own experience as a
member of the Finance Committee and in my in-
tercourse with my fellow-citizens generally is that
the complaints that are made are not so much
against the amount of taxes imposed as it is that
they operate unequally on different branches of
business. I think that the law as it stands does,
and must necessarily, operate unequally. You
may take the various businesses that are com-,
prised in this amendment, and you find that there
does not prevail a uniform ratio of net to gross
receipts. In many of the companies, perhaps a
very small proportion, but taking the largest in-
terest, that of our longest and best managed rail-
roads, and you will find that generally the net re-
ceipts bear a proportion of about one half to the
gross receipts. Now as to them this cannot be
anything more than fair. If it is true, as I have
stated, that the net_ receipts amount to about one
half the gross receipts, and you transfer the t$x
from the gross receipts to the net receipts, doub-
ling it at the same time, you are likely to realize
the same amount of money from it.
But, sir, there are various smaller interests;
there are the city railroads as an instance, where
the net receipts do not perhaps bear the same pro-
portion to the gross receipts. We have the cases
that have been alluded to by the Senator from
Maine. The voyage of a vessel and her receipts
from that voyage vary very greatly. There can
perhaps be no rule prescribed for such cases. It
cannot be said that there is anything like an av-
erage. One voyage is prosperous and another the
reverse; and a case has recently been given in a
newspaper of a vessel chartered I believe to go to
California for $G,000, and when she got there she
had already expended upward of the six thou-
sand dollars; ana yet she was taxed upon that sum
as her receipts.
Now, I apprehend that the object of these taxes
is to substitute this as it were for the income tax,
or to be as it were an income upon the receipts of
these companies; and if you pursue the rule that
stands in the old law, itcannot fail toworkagreat
inequality. My opinion, therefore, is decided that
you will best accommodate the interests of the
revenue, that is to say that you will get a better
revenue, that you will render this tax, in its ap-
pearance at least, more equal to those who are
subject to it, and that upon the whole you will do
greater justice by adopting the amendment of the
House than you will by rejecting it. it proposes
that the net receipts under three thousand dollars
shall be subject to a less rate of tax. While it is
impossible to specify or to give a catalogue of the
kinds of business which that would affect, yet it
may be said generally that in those cases the busi-
ness is not a very profitable business where the
whole receipts do not exceed that amount; and
therefore the rate as to them is properly made
less. I have had some experience in this matter.
I was in the shipping business in early life, and I
have been in the railroad business in later life,
and connected with these companies, and so far
as my own testimony will go m reference to the
knowledge thus acquired, 1 will say that the only
fair way to reach these companies is by taxing
the net receipts; and if, as I have stated, the net
receipts inmost of these cases amount to one half
thegross receipts, and you at the same time double
the tax, you do not affect the gross amount to be
received from them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before action is taken
upon this subject, I will move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word (t transporta-
tion," in the seven hundred and twenty-fourth
line, the following: 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that we have notreached that point yet. We are
now at line seven hundred and three, page 29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on the amendment of the
Committee on Finance to strike out from line
seven hundred and three to line seven hundred
and seven inclusive, on page 29.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, this amend-
ment is a very important one. The House of
Representatives propose to substitute in place of
the tax of two and a half percent, upon thegross
receipts of all transportation companies, two and
a half per cent, on the net receipts under three
thousand dollars, and five per cent, on the ex-
cess. This question was carefully considered
by the Committee on Finance, and we concluded
that it was not wise to adopt this change; The
present law yields us a very large revenue. It
is the only tax upon corporations; it is the only
tax upon transportation. To apply a new rule
would be to make one that is very varied. What
are the net receipts of a transportation company?
AVhat are the net receipts of a ship ? How is it
possible to ascertain them? How is it possible
to apply thcr rule to all the various transportation
'companies of the country? In some cases it
would be a very light tax, in other cases it would
be very heavy. What are net receipts? No two
members of the committee could agree upon the
subject of what net receipts are; and I ask Sena-
tors what would be the meaning of net receipts?
Are the net receipts those that are left after de-
ducting all the expenses of transportation, all ths
hire of laborers, insurance, taxes, the cost of
running the ship, the cost of running the rail-
road, funds that are setaside for special purposes,
intereston bonds, construction account, &c., &c,?
It is impossible to adopt such a rule and apply it
to a tax law. The present rule is clear and definite.
It is very easy to ascertain the gross receipts of
a railroad company, of a bank, of a corporation,
of a ship, of a horse railroad, and of every other
corporation engaged in transportation. There is
no other rule that is so definite and distinct as
will enable us to apply it in a question of taxa-
tion.
Some of these companies complain that a tax
of two and a half per cent, is very high, but they
are authorized to charge this two and a half per
cent, upon their customers. They increase the
amount of freight and their bills for transporta-
tion in a ship to correspond with the tax. They
have increased their fare on railroads to corre-
spond with the tax. They are authorized by the
terms of this bill to add this tax on their fare even
in the case of horse railroads; and where a tax
of two and a half per cent, amounts, as it does
on many of them, to less than one cent they are
authorized to add one cent to the amount of fare
that they are authorized by law to charge. It
seems to me, therefore, to change the rule of as-
sessment upon these corporations would be to
substitute an uncertain, variable rule for what is
now certain and fixed. The tax on corporations
will yield us over five million dollars—between
