412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ing that he has a part of the national honor and
character to sustain, do that which disgraces
them? No, Mr. President; no, no, no.
I would go as far, I trust, as the honorable
Senator from-Ohio to relieve our men; but I be-
lieve that if that Senator and myself were sot to
guard prisoners under an oider that they should
be, kept on such rations that they would starve
and perish, the honorable Senator from Ohio,
quite as soon as 1, would from his own pocket
take his last crust or his last morsel rather than
see a fellow-being perish with hunger. I know
lie would. The generosity of his own heart
would compel it.
The honorable Senator from Indiana who is
near me [Mr. Lane] made a mistake, if he will
allow me to say so, in suggesting that if this pol-
icy were adopted and earned out the soldiers and
officers who had been in southern prisons, and
jiad been subjected to this treatment, should be
the men set to guard the prisoners and carry into
effect these orders. These men having felt the
&wful pangs, which none but he who feels knows,
of dying by hunger and starvation, would not
inflict even upon one who had inflicted it upon
them the same torture. They might blow his
brains out with a musket, or run him through
with a bayonet, but they would never starve Jum
to death and stand by looking on. Much less
would such a man do it to one who had been
taken in fair fight—fair, I mean, so far as the fight
itself was concerned, not fair in the fact that the
man was properly engaged in it—who had sur-
rendered, dropped his weapons, and given him-
self up to the mercy of his captors as a prisoner
of war.
The honorable Senator from Indiana has him-
self been a soldier, and a brave one, before he
was a Senator. He would not do tins thing, I
am sure he never would. He must get some
other guard around thesemcn than brave soldiers
who have served in battle and suffered in prison.
The brave arc al ways generous. The pirates and
robbers who do these deeds are not bravo men.
Even those men who have suffered tell us over
nntl over again that occasionally some brave man
who had foughtegainst them, perhaps in the field,
Jjas surreptitiously, and in danger sometimes of
being punished, slipped a loaf of bread ora piece
of meat into the hands of thesestarvingmen. It
is impossible but that nature will finally assert
her dominion in the minds of men who have a
heart; and brave men have a heart thatcan always
be appealed to.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to these prop-
ositions that are before the Senate, I esteem the
one introduced by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, [Mr. Wilson,] as the one
which is the most likely to work out a practical
result. I am for that which is the most practica-
ble, bchevingthat the great object which wc have
in viow is to relieve these men. I know it is (he
object of the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] and the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Lane.] I am sure it is. It is a principle of
humanity which moves those Senators to the
■course they advocate, and I respect them for it.
I go with them as itjegards the result to be ob-
tained, but I am compelled to differ from them in
regard to the means to be used.
The proposition of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Military A lfairs, it seems to me will be the
mostpiactically beneficial to our men; meantime,
certainly, the Executive can, as I suggested, and
it is his duty, take all means which he can take
lawfully, constitutionally, properly to ameliorate
the condition of those men if he cannot secure
their exchange, which is his first duty. If this
proposition shall succeed, it will succeed sooner
than any other, because it can be the soonest made
available. The other process of course would bo
one comparatively slow, for we have in the first
place to give notice to the rebel authorities that
unless they change their course we shall retaliate.
That is contemplated. It may be that I am wrong
in saying that notice is to be given.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not contemplated in
the resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. It may not be in the resolu-
tion, but of course it would be understood that
the rebels should at some period, and that very
early, understand that wt have adopted this plan,
or it would be of no use. Every one would say I
that it is certainly of no use to adopt a policy of !
starving men by way of retaliation unless we let
them know it. That would be mere wantonness.
We are, then, to let them know it.
Mr. JOHNSON. But to starve first, accord-
ing to the resolution.
NMr. FOSTER. I hardly believe that is what
the honorable gentlemen who advocate the reso-
lution intend; I do not so understand them. I do
not understand that anybody would advocate the
shutting up of a given number of prisoners here,
and going immediately to commence the process
of starvation. I suppose that is not meant, but,
as I suggested, the meaning is that they shall
have reasonable notice of this intention; and that
we shall proceed then promptly and energetically
with this mode of retaliation in order to relieve
our men. That will take time. It will take time
to ascertain whether they have changed their pol-
icy, and meanwhile our prisoners are suffering.
We can send, or at least make the proposition
to send, to Richmond in order to ascertain whether
steps may not be taken to relieve our prisoners
from this terrible suffering. If it can be done,
and done at once, the object is accomplished. If
it is refused, and nothing can be done in that way,
then the course which the gentlemen propose is
ccrtainly open to us, and it seems to me we shall
lose very little by the short delay of making this
attempt first. I am therefore for the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
who heads the Military Committee. He is not
now in his seat, and 1 can therefore say, and it
is but a proper tribute to him to state, that, being
connected as he is with our military affairs, he
knows, I will not say better than the rest of us,
but he knows, I confess, better than I, what will
be most likely to effect the object we have in view.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator from
Connecticut closes his remarks I wish to correct
him in one respect. He did me the honor to refer to
the argument that I presented to the Senate on this
subject yesterday evening. I know the Senator
would not designedly misrepresent what I said,
for there is no person within these walls, or out-
side of those walls, who, I think, would be more
frank in the statement of ihc position occupied by
one with whom he does not agree than the Senator
from Connecticut. I>ut he evidently did misun-
derstand my remarks on the subject to which he
alluded in the commencement of his speech. I
understood him to say that I had assumed that
there were not cruelties inflicted on our soldiers
in southern prisons. Sir, I did not say that; I did
not wish to be so understood. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] asked me a very pointed
question, and in reply I said—I read from the
Globe, as taken by the reporter, without my hav-
ing seen it from the time i spoke until it appeared
in print—
" Tlio Senator asks whether ho understand* that I have
said that our own prisoners were treated as well as their
guaids. i did not ^ay ^o. lie has lead testimony here taken
by a commission in ie-*pcct to tabby prison. 1 have given
tlio statement of an honest man who was a prisoner there
for months, a part ot the time in a dungeon, selected by lot
to he shot. When he came home he made this *tatein<*rit
to hits neighbors. X have no doubt that there have been
ciuclties inflicted on tiie Union prisoners in southern pris-
ons, and that is one icason why I want them btought home ;
but I do not behove that it has gone to the extent leported
in the country."
That is my judgment. I have no doubt there
wore crucifies very shocking indeed, but not to
the extent as reported in the country. I further
said:
<l T do not believe, upon the infoimation I have on the
subject, that it is at all to the extent stated in the pamphlet
liom winch the Heu.itor rend to-daj."
This is the substance of what I said on the sub-
ject. I do not doubt now, I will repeat, that there
have been cruelties, not justified by the usages of
Christian waifare, inflicted on our prisoners in
the South. That h a reason, and a very strong
reason, governing me in demanding that an hon-
orable exchange shall be made, and that they shall
be brought heme.
Mr FOSTER. I certainly did not, as the hon-
orable Senator does me the justice to state, intend
to misrepresent him. I did understand him as I
stated. Perhaps I was wrong in so undeistand-
ing him; of couise I was wrong if he disavows
it; but when he spoke of the testimony borne by
Captain Flmn in regard to the treatment, I think
he said that Captain Fiinn represented his treat-
ment at Libby to have been good, so far as pro-
visions were concerned, and that he was as well
provided as the soldiers of the rebel army, or
something like that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will read what I said
about that.
Mr. FOSTER. While the honorable Senator
is looking for the paragraph I will say another
word. It is certainly not my desire to place the
Senator in any false position. If I understood
him, as I certainly did, after his explanation, in-
correctly, I am most happy in making the cor-
rection. Indeed it pained me for a moment to
think that a Senator so intelligent as the honora-
ble Senator is should have such an impression.
I was wrong in it, and I am glad of it.
Mr. YlENDRlCKS. This is what I said of
Captain Flinn:
" I took a great deal of interest in his case. He was my
personal friend. lie wiote to me that he thought an ex-
change could be secured. I saw the Piesideiit at once,
and the Piesident, a kind-hcaiU'd man, tnadc the oider tm
the part of tins Government, and Captain Flinn was ex-
changed ; and when he returned to liis neighbors he told
them that the prisoners were as well provided as tljX! men
who guarded them, i take his word on that subject while
he was there as equal to the word of any man."
This as I was informed by his neighbors with
whom he conversed immediately on his return.
Of course that is confined to Libby prison. I
suppose Captain Flinn knew nothing about any
other.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I presume ev-
ery Senator concedes the principles of retaliation.
The principles and spirit of the spccch of the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster]
in the main concur with mine. 1 make no essen-
tial difference with him. But, sir, it is just as
well settled by the laws of nations and by the
uniform usages of nations, that retaliation has its
limitations, as that the principle of retaliation
exists. The laws of war have been very much
ameliorated in the last five or six hundred years,
and the law of retaliation as a part of the laws of
war has been progressing toward the same ame-
lioration. The question is not what retaliation
was m the time of Edsvard 111 and of the Black
Prince, nor what it was two hundred years ago.
The question is, what is the law of retaliation in
the present age of Christian civilization? I will
read from two American authorities that treat
upon the subject of retaliation. One of them I
4believe was read by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] yesterday. Kent
says:
" Cruelty to prisoners and barbarous destruction of pri-
vate property will provoke the enemy to severe retaliation
upon the innocent. Retaliation is said by Rutlieiforth
(Inst. 2, c. 9) not to be a justifiable cause for putting mtio-
ceut prisoners oi hostages to death; for no individual is
chargeable, by the law of nations, wjth the guilt ot a per-
sonal crime merely because the community ot which he is
a member is guilty. lie is only responsible as a member of
the State in lu-> piopeity for icparation in damages tor the
acts ot others; and it is on this pnnciple that, by the law
of nation^, private propoitymay be taken and appropriated
in war. Retaliation, to be just. ought to be confined to the
guilty individuals who may have committed some enor-
mous violation of public law.5'—ICenfs tommcntcnies,
part 1, page 1)3.
In a note to the same page I find this:
" In the case of the Marquis Do Someiueies, (Stewart's
Vicc Admiralty Report-..46-2,) the enlightened judge of the
vice admiralty court at IJalitax restored to the Academy of
Arts, In Philadelphia, a case ot Italian paintings and punts,
captured by a Biuish vessel m the wai of 181:3, on their
passage to the United States.; ami ho did it 'in conformity
to the law of nations, as practiced by all civilized coun-
tries,'and because ' the arts and science* aie admitted to
foimuu exception to the severe nghta oi waifare.' Wojks
of nit and ta--te, as in painting and seulptuio, have, by the
modern law of nations, been held sacied m war, ami not
deemed lawful spoils of conquest. When Frederick 11 of
Piu-^sia took possession of Dresden, as conqueror, ni 1750,
he icspccted the valuable picture gallery, cabinets, and
museums of that capital, as notf.JImg within the iiyhts of
aconqueior. But Honapai tc, in 1/93, compelled the Italian
States and princes, including the Pope, to surrender tnerr
choicest pietuies and works of ait, to he transported to
Pans. The chef d:a>,uvre$ of ait of the Dutch and Flem-
ish schools, and in Pi ussia, weie acquired by France in the
same violent way. This proceeding is seveieJv condemned
by distinguished lmtouans, a* an abuse of the power of
conquest, and a species ot'nnhtary contribution contrary
to the u-sa^es of modern civilized waifare. (Alison's His-
tory of Europe, vol. 0, p. 42. Sn Walter Keott's Life of
Napoleon, vol. a, pp. oS-GS ) 
1 wiil now read a shoit paragraph from Pro-
fessor Woolsuy, an Ameuean writer on interna-
tional law, from the State of the honotablo Sena-
toi fiom Connecticut:
,{That retaliation in war is sometimes admissible all
agiee. Tl.ui it una bcihg«renl tieat^ pil-j, . us oj war
