1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
"We wish to raise revenue upon the production,
1.submit that it is not wise to cripple and lessen
that production by unnecessary taxation. Sir, I
think it will be wisdom on the part of the Com-
mittee on Finance,-it will be wisdom on the part
of both Houses of Congress, if they will lighten
the burdens of taxation as much as they can upon
the production of bullion.
Allow me to suggest, Mr. President, that it is
no.t the mere tax upon the bullion that sets forth
the fall benefits of the production. It is the fact
that we produce this bullion; it is the fact that we
are a gold and silver producing nation that gives
to our bonds their value abroad, and will increase
the basis upon which they rest if the production
is not crippled and killed by this incessant taxa-
tion from the time the first blow is struck in the
mountain till the shining metal is seen. I protest,
therefore, in the name of the revenue of this coun-
try agamst this proposition. If you would in-
crease the revenue, lay not these heavy buidens
of taxation upon this poor class of people that
help to produce the bullion. Get out your bul-
lion, anil lay such a tax upon that as bullion alone
can sustain. But, sir, 1 insist that it is not wise
to tax in these incipient stepsjjie poor teamster
that works a day no w and a day hereafter in draw-
ing the ore from which the bullion is pr duced.
]t will not increase your revenue, but will de-
crease it, if you tax these laborers who produce
the bullion.
Therefore, sir, I am opposed to this amend-
ment. I think the House acted wisely in insert-
ing this provision. Let us leave these channels
that help the production of bullion as free as pos-
sible. I would not tax the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Sfragce] in getting his
cotton from a railroad to his mill; but I would
fax the fabric. I would not tax the man who
wroughtit; but I would tax the fabric, and thereby
reach the whole. I insist upon it, therefore, that
it is not wise, it is not discreet, that this amend-
ment should be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. 1 regret exceedingly to be
called upon to express my views with regard to
this subject of taxation on this amendment; but
it is a more important matter than the chairman
of the Committee on Finance perhaps imagines.
The constituents that 1 represent are more heavily
taxed for transportation than any other peoplein
the world. We have a population of from thirty
thousand to fifty thousand; we probably reach
fifty thousand now; but while we did not reach
thirty thousand a year ago we paid in one year
in transportation for the food (and that question
has been spoken of here) and supplies that we
brought from California alone, over twelve mil-
lion dollars. That was a very large amount.
The timber and lumber that is hauled is another
item which if we had the facta here wopld aston-
ish the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of
the Senator from Nevada I desire to make astate-
ment. When the Committee on Finance acted
on this matter they did not even regard the con-
dition of things in Nevada; and 1 will state to
him the reason why. If this proviso is adopted
simply to accommodate the newState of Nevada,
we shall sacrifice large revenues in the State of
Pennsylvania, the State of Maine, and the State
of Michigan. Take the State of Pennsylvania
alone. There are corporations there engaged in
hauling wagons and vehicles to carry iron ore
from the mines to the place where it is manufac-
tured. They pay transportation. There are
more than five hundred such in Pennsylvania to
one in Nevada. Shall we make an exception of
a class of business merely to accommodate Ne-
vada, when by it we surrenderfive hundred times
the amount of revenue which the whole State of
Nevada will pay under the provisions of this sec-
tion? That will be the result. If the Senator
desires Nevada to be excepted from the operations
of the bill, rather than consume time I would
vote for it; but I know that he would not desire
that.
Mr. STEWART. I would not like to have it
in that shape. I suggest to the Senator to so amend
the clause as to exempt the teams hauling gold and
silver ore.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will ask the Senator
how we call exempt the gold and silver ore, and
not iron ore? Why should gold and silver ore be
exempted, and not iron?
Mr. STEWART. That is the very story I
propose to tell to the Senate. I propose to show
why it should be excepted. It is of great im-
portance that the question should be understood
by the Senate,and I suppose I may as well goon
and state some facts in regard to it.
In the first place we are taxed for transportation
more than any other people in the world. Our State
is so situated that its progress or its abandonment
issimply a question of transportation. We have no
railroads. Everything that we use must be trans-
ported at sometimes as high as twenty-five or
thirty cents a pound. The question whether a
pound of rock shall be worked or not is often
simply a question oftransportation. Forinstance,
take the case of rock in the eastern portion of the
State, where there is little or no timber by which
it can be worked. It must be taken to water and
to timber. Suppose that if it were hauled to where
it can be worked it would be worth $100; that is,
if it were on the western border of the State,
where there is water and timber. Suppose (and
this is exactly the case there) you attempt to
transport it from the eastern portion of the State,
where it is worth nothing, to the western border,
where there is water and timber. The cost of
transportation is eighty or ninety dollars a ton.
Now, if you add two and a half per cent, to the
gross amount that the miner receives, which is
large, it will prevent the hauling of that quartz at
all. As we are at present situated all the quartz
that will pay for hauling will be hauled, and
much of it is hauled at a loss. But if you add
any burdens, if you add two and a half per cent,
to the cost of transportation, which is really add-
ing two and a half per cent, to the gross product
of the mine, it will in many cases prevent the
mines from being worked at all.
If we had transportation there, and railroads
there, Nevada would certainly be one of the rich-
est countries in the world. We are progressing
as fast as we can with the means we now have.
The difficulty of transportation, and its immense
cost, is what retards our progress. If that one
question of transportation were out of the way,
there is no reason in the world why we should
not be producing to-day five or six hundred mil-
lions per annum. If we had railroads over the
Great Basin, so that we could have our quartz
transported readily to the timber, there would be
no end to the amount of our production; but as
long as that difficulty remains in the way, our
progress must necessarily be very slow.
There is something very fascinating about
mining. Miners will take the chances of obtaining
transportation aslongas there is a hope of striking
something sufficiently rich to enable them to make
money. Three fourths, four fifths, yes, I may
say nine tenths, of all who attempt to operate in
those mines and transport the ore to wood and
water fail. One in ten succeeds and makes a for-
tune. That is the stimulus that induces the other
nine to expend their money and haul this rock—
it is entirely experimental—to the rivers and to
the timber. You are taxing men who are attempt-
ing to develop the country at the lossof their for-
tunes, because one in ten succeeds. Stop this
experimenting; stop this attempt to work the rock;
stop them from hauling, by imposing burdens
upon them, and you will be the losers by it. A
new mining district is being discovered in the
desert daily. The first year is entirely experi-
mental whether they will open it at all or not.
The cost of transportation amounts sometimes to
hundreds of thousands of dollars. If you impose
a tax of two and a half per cent, upon that, you
put a still further embargo on the production of
bullion, and I believe you will lose money by the
experiment.
If you'will encourage these miners to go and
develop the country, occasionally (and that is the
present stimulus) one will make a good strike
and will get rich and have an income, and from
that income you will derive a revenue. If you
take it in its incipient state and Say to the enter-
prising miner who shall attempt to experiment
upon rock situated in the desert, and shall build
his mill, and shall attempt to haul quartz over
these deserts, (and it takes a year or so to make
that experiment,) that while he is making that ex-
periment you will tax liim with the heavy burden
of two and a half per cent, on the gross cost of
that hauling, you will utterly discourage all at-
tempts to develop the mining regions.
It seems to me that not only Nevada, but the
whole gold and silver regions, should be exempted
from this proposed tax. We have not got all
the mineral fields there are in the country. Idaho
is right to the north of us. It is barren too.
We sometimes have pack-hauling from San Fran-
cisco clear up to Idaho, some fourorfive hundred
miles. These are experiments, and the Govern-
ment should encourage these experiments. If
you impose this tax, you will diminish our pro-
duction more than by imposing a tax on any other
point that you can strike. It will be most fatal.
The question is often asked here, " You have
the riehest country in the world, and why are
you not producing more mineral wealth than you
are? Why is not the production increasing?"
Sir, what is needed in order to encourage the de-
velopment of our mineral wealth? I will tell you.
There are two things that we need in order to
have our mineral fields opened. We need to
have our titles settled by relinquishment on the
part of the Government of the United States.
We should have the right to hunt for mines, and
protection when they are found, so that we may
understand that after spending fifteen or t%venty
years hunting formines we shall have the reward
of title settled, and thus be enabled to obtain money
to develop them. We need one other thing; we
need transportation. That is the great obstacle
that nature has placed between us and the realiza-
tion of the vast mineral wealth that is locked up
in the mineral fields of the United States. We
certainly have mineral wealth surpassing that of
any other nation. We have mineral fields that
are more valuable than those that have been dis-
covered by any other people. That is the uni-
versal testimony of travelers from all parts of the
world who have come among us. But the great
barriers that are placed there by nature of mount-
ains and deserts almost entirely forbid enterprise
going there. We have now a threat of Congress
of oppressive taxation hanging over us. We
have the uncertainty of title, with the threat of
taking from us the reward of our labor when we
find it. We have the subject entirely misunder-
stood. Those are the reasons why we do not
produce from $500,000,000 to $1,000,000,000 per
annum. Nature has placed immense obstacles
in the way of the working of these mines, and
the slightest addition to those difficulties will di-
minish the production. Place this tax upon the
teamsters, and you will lose double the amount
that will be received from it in the diminution of
the income tax you would otherwise receive.
The miners cannot stand a tax of two and one
half percent, more upon their experiments, for
these are but experiments. Sometimes they turn
out well; sometimes they make men rich,so that
they can pay your income tax and add to the
wealth of the country.
Thus far very little attention lias been paid in
this country to the subject of mining. % We have
not paid as much attention to it here in our own
mines as Great Britain and France have already
done. They have sent out their agents and com-
missioners there to report with regard to our
mines, and with regard to the difficulties attend-
ing mining operations. They understand some-
thing of this subject. In consequence of the wantof
information on this subject in this country we
are compelled to employ the learned from those
countries and pay them enormous rates for their
expeiience. We are taxed from five to thirty
thousand dollars a year for mining experts apiece.
We pay men from five to thirty thousand dollars
a year for their experience as miners. We have
no mining colleges. There is no information
among the people with regard to this great branch
of industry. No means have been taken on the
part of the Government to encourage this develop-
ment, and here is a blow in the dark at one of the
most vital points of its existence, transportation,
i can find you millions and millions of tons of rock
worth from fifty to five hundred or one thousand
dollars a ton that is so far away that it will not
pay for the transportation to timber. Add a little
more to this burden,and it will be felt materially
in that country.
Now, I say before this is done the question
should be thoroughly understood. I have occu-
pied the attention of the Senate longer than I had
intended upon this point, because I wished to
speak of the difficulties ofdeveloping thatcountry
and what is necessary to be done in order that it
