1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1170
may bedeveloped. I repeatagain, two thingsare
necessary to accomplish that object: transporta-
tion and security of title. Let us alone, and give
us transportation, and we will send you bullion
enough to make you the greatest commercial
nation in the world. We willgive you more ex-
ports than you now have from all other sources
if you will overcome these obstacles of transpor-
tation and give the miner freedom to hunt for
gold, and then you can make something out of
the mines. But you propose to tax it. What-
ever you get in the way of exports is taxed,
because they buy a commodity, that you tax at
the custom-house. Our Constitution wisely pro-
vided that exports should not be taxed, and bul-
lion is emphatically an export. Every tax that
you levy upon bullion is in violation of the spirit
of the Constitution forbiddingatax upon exports.
It is a tax upon exports. The bullion that we
produce is all exported, and it is taxed once when
it returns in the way of commodities. Let us
produce this bullion; let us get rich in its produc-
tion, and we shall have plenty of trade and plenty
of imports to tax, because we will then buy the
luxury of the Old World. I say, therefore, that
if the present age is to realize anything from its
mineral wealth, itmust realize it by pursuing that
course which is absolutely necessary for its de-
velopment. It takes but very little to destroy the
prosperity of thatcountry. You havenowa tax
of one half of one percent, upon bullion, which is
"wrong.
Let me state a fact here with regard to mining
enterprises. Since California wasfirstdiscovered
there have been, I presume, in all, about eight hun-
dred thousand men engaged in the business of min-
ing. Ofthateighthunured thousand forty percent,
have died and twenty-five per cent, have gone out
of the business. The balance, or in the neighbor-
hood of two hundred and fifty thousand, are there.
That is about the average of those who have been
thereail the time. Are they rich? No. When
they leave the portion of the country in which
they have been prospecting they leave it a barren
waste. They go and hunt mines elsewhere.
They have not enriched themselves; but they have
been industrious; they have progressed with its
development as far as human energy without
more capital and encouragement than they have
hod could possibly go. If you will look at the
roads they have projected and built over the
mountains, if you will look at the canals they
have constructed for the purpose of conveying
water, if you will look at the ruins of their labor
upon that country, you will be astonished. All
travelers wonder that that amount of labor could
possibly have been performed by that number of
men. in doing this, what have they done ? Have
they made themselves rich estates and fine homes ?
The work they have done in the mountain region
would have been sufficient to build up States of
greater wealth and prosperity than the great State
of Illinois. But who has realized from thislabor,
and who is to realize from the labor and enterprise
necessary to develop the mines hereafter? It is
the commercial world; it is your traders; itis the
cities of the East; it is the nation generally, by
having an export that gives trade an impetus,
that gives you a commerce. It is exports that
you need to give you commerce; and you ought
to leave that as free as possible in the country
whereitis produced;and particularly should you
be governed by this rule: to leave it sufficiently
free to allow its production to continue, and con-
tinue in proportion to the resources you have to
develop. Sir, we have resources that are greater
than anyother country ever did have to develop.
The production from those resources is not at all
in proportion to the amount of the resources or
the importance of realizing them. I speak of this
because it is so important a principle in taxing
gold and silver, which you realize the benefits of,
which the nation realizes the benefits of, by the
way of its trade; but which the miners do not.
Why do they continue? I will tell you why
they continue this expeiiment. Because one in
fifty gets enormously rich, and that keeps the
other forty-nine busy prospecting, because there
are occasional gains; because that people have
become fit for this business and are fit for no other.
That is the reason why they continue. They
have acquired a taste for this gambling. If it is
important for this country that it should be de-
veloped , if it is important to the country that this
should go on, hold out this inducement and hold
out greater. If you want that country developed,
it would be better to pay an additional reward to
the man who discovers a rich mine than to throw
any obstructions in his way. But all the addi-
tional reward they want is for Congress to de-
clare that they shall remain free to hunt for gold,
and to aid, as it is now aiding liberally, to give
us transportation. When the gold is produced,
that which remains in the country is taxed im-
mediately as money; that which goes from the
country, as I remarked before, is taxed in the
shape of the commodities that it buys. This
builds up a country. Either your mines are
worth nothing to the country at all, or they are
worth something to the country for the reason
that they give you an export trade. You cannot
lay burdens on them and develop them. Nine
tenths of them are now working, and always will,
at a loss. A very little embarrassment further
than those they now have will stop half of those
that are now producing. There is no use of talk-
ing of any mineral wealth unless it can be pro-
duced. It can only be produced by removing the
burdens upon it. Not one tenth of what should
be produced is now being produced. It is be-
cause the burdens of nature upon this production
far surpass the ability of the men there to over-
come. If the burdens of nature with which we
contend in Nevada were removed, we would be
one of the greatest States, if not the greatest, m
this Union. It is unwise to add to those burdens
there. Itis unwise in California; it is unwisein
Idaho, or in Arizona, or any other mineral region
of the United States, because it will lessen your
revenues.
Sir, you can hardly conceive the number of
ways in which the people of the United States
would become rich by the production of gold and
silver to the extent of $500,000,000 a year. Fi-
nanciers can tell you something about it. The
gold is taxed when it comes back to us in the
shape of foreign commodities. The production
of it gives employment to a large number of peo-
ple who are the consumers of your products and
give you a fine market. It stimulates trade every-
where. Its benefits I need not attempt to unfold;
but, sir, if you wish to realize those benefits you
can only do it by removing all burdens upon the
production. Why, sir, the most enterprising set
of men that ever populated a country have been
unable to penetrate even the shell of your mining
country; they have not been able to explore a
hundredth part of it; and it is because nature has
forbidden them to do so without greater capital
and different means of transportation from what
they now have. In considering this subject it
must be considered in all its aspects, and this
question of transportation is among the first ob-
stacles that should be understood. I am opposed
to this section so far as it has reference to any
portion of the mining region.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The questionis on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr, STEWART. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest that there is not a
quorum present.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on an important question of this
sort.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that he can make his motion in the Sen-
ate, and we are now in Committee of the Whole.
I think he had better withdraw it for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Nevada repeat the amendment that he
proposes ?
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Financc
have reported in favor of striking out the proviso
commencing in the seven hundred arid tenth line.
The committee propose to reject this proposition,
which is a House proposition:
Provided, Thatthis section shall not apply to those teams,
wagons, and vehicles used m transporting logs for lumber
from the forests to the place or places of manufactory, or
to the tennis, or vehicles used m the transportation of ores
from the mines where the bame is excavated to the place
wherf they are reduced or worked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment of the committee has been agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. We Pa.ssetl over that
portion of the bill, and this discussion was really
out of order; but I did not wish to raise the point.
The question has been acted upon. If the Sen-
ator wishes to have the yeas and nays ordered,
he can call them in the Senate. I hope he will «
not insist upon it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary-
will continue the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert on page 31, after line seven hundred and
thirty-five, the following:
That section one hundred and ten be amended hy striking
out, alter the words "and redemption thereof," the words
"nor to any savings bank having no c.ipitai stock, and
wiiosi' business is confincd to receiving di'po^its and loan-
ing tiie same on interest for tile beneiit of i.he depositors
only, and which do no other business of banking."
Mr. GPJMES. I desire to have some expla-
nation of that section. I do not understand itaa
it now stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. The one hundred and tenth
section of the original act in regard to banksand
banking exempts fiorn the tax on deposits "sav-
ings banks having no capital stock, and whose
business is confined to receiving deposits and
loaning the same on interest for the benefit of the
depositors only, and which do no other business
of banking." The committee were of opinion
that it was better to strikeout the exception. The
deposits in the deposit'banks now in the country
amount to not less than $200,000,000; and after
full reflection and consideration, we deemed that
it was not wise to exempt them. The trust com-
panies of the country, which are very large and
powerful, insisted upon being classed as savings
banks, because they deposited their money with
other banks, and consequently were not in the
light of other companies; but we thought it was
unwise to make any exception, and that all banks
of deposit, whether they were trustcompames or
savings banks, and all other companies, should
pay the one half of one percent, on their deposits.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator fiom Vermont
[Mr. Collamek] is not now in his place, and I.
know that he wishes to discuss this question at
length.
Mr. SHERMAN. He can doit in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether it is not bet-
ter to pass'it over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better not
pass it over. He will have a chance in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I happen to know that the
Senator is particularly earnest about it. I do not
know but he may wish to discuss it twice. I
think it had better be passed over informally.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 know that he desires to
discuss it.
Mr. SUMNER. He has spoken more than
once about this matter to me this morning, and I
am astonished not to see him here. I think he
understood that we should not get so far as this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators know that this bill
is up, and if they go away and we are to postpone
every amendment in this way, we shall never get
through with the bill. The Senator from Ver-
mont will have an opportunity to discuss this
matter, as I know he desires to discuss it, in the
Senate. I trust therefore we may go on. That
is the only way we shall ever get through with the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I will divide the Senate
upon the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
amendment in part, but 1 doubt very much the
propriety of applying it to all savings institutions.
There are some of them that are limited to $50,000
in their capital, and 1 shall proposeat the proper
time—I will not detain the Senate now—to except
certain savings institutions whose capital does
not exceed that amount. There will be no ob-
jection to that, I suppose. 1 make no motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for a division.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 5, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let itbe passed over for the
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fact that
there is no quorum voting suspends the operation
of further business until a quorum shall appear.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. 1 know that my colleague desires
to be heard upon this question; and 1 will state,
