414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,.
the two Houses on tlieamendments of the Semite
to the deficiency bill, Messrs. Schenck, Little-
john, and Randall of Pennsylvania.
MINING LAWS IN ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of adopting the code of mining laws passed by the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Arizona hereto ap-
pended.
The papers accompanying the resolution were
ordered to be printed.
PAY OF MEMBERS OW ARIZONA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. POSTON presented the memorial and joint
resolution oftheTerritory of Arizona .asking Con-
gress to increase the pay of members of the Le-
gislative Assembly and territorial judges; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
COLORADO INDIANS.
Mr. POSTON also presented the memorial of
the Territory of Arizona, asking of Congress an
appropriation of $150,000 for placing the Indians
of the Colorado on a reservation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
NAVIGATION OF THE COLORADO RIVER.
Mr. POSTON also presented the memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of Arizona, asking an
appropriation of ยง150,000 for the improvement of
the navigation of the Colorado river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
WAR AGAINST TOE APACHES.
Mr. POSTON also presented the memorial of
the Territory of Arizona, asking of Congiess an
appropriation of $250,000 in aid of the war against
the Apaches; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ARMS FOR ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON also presented the resolutions of
the Territory of Arizona, requestingarms; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL FACILITIES FOR ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON also presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of Arizona, requesting mail facil-
ities; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNDARIES OF ARIZONA. '
Mr. POSTON also presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Arizona, instructing the Del-
egate from that Territory to ask of Congress the
nppomtnientofcomuiissioneiy to fix the boundary
line of the Territory of Arizona and other Terri-
tories; which were referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POSTON also presented the memorial of
tho Territorial Legislature of Arizona asking for
a change of tho boundary line between that Ter-
ritory and the State of California; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
SALTING RAILROAD TRACKS.
Mr. STEELE, of" New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Rrsolred, Tllitt the Cominittt'olor the Piurict ofCohini'
bin be instructed to inquire into the expediency of adopt-
iiitr such lneasuiub as may be nectit>>aiy id prevent the n>e
of 6-alL on the tiaeks of the s.troi;t raihoads in t>aul District,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
J dosiie to ask to be excused from service on the
select committee to investigate the charges against
lion. Lucien Anderson, to which the Speaker
did me the honor to appoint me. My reason for
asking to be excuscd is that Mr. Anderson is a
member of the same committee of which I am a
member; and in consequence of the continued ab-
sence of the chairman of the Committee for the
I>i<)tricL of Columbia, I have been, by the request
of my associates, and am still, acting as chairman
of that committee; and of course my time is very
much occupied.
There being no objection, Mr. Steele was ex-
cased.
TRADE WITII REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I am directed by the Committee on Commerce to
ask the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce, to whom
\y$s. referred the resolution of the Ilouseof Representatives
of the 20th instant, directing the said committee to inquire
into the matter of a permit granted by the chief agent of
the Treasury Department to G. W. Lane, of Baltimore, to
proceed to North Carolina and exchange provisions with
the rebels for cotton, is hereby directed further to inquire
into all the facts and circumstances connected with the
trade with the rebellious States since the breaking out of
the rebellion, either by permit from the Treasury Depart-
ment or otherwise 5 that the said committee have leave to
sit during the sessions of the House, and to report at any
time; and that the Clerk of the House be duccted to pay
all the expenses of the said committee outol' the contingent
fund of the House on the certificate of tiie chairman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that reso-
lution. I do so because that whole matter is now
before the Committee on Military Affairs, by
order of the House.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the President had this
day approved and signed bills and ajoint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 607) to provide for an ad-
vance of rank to officers of the Navy and Marine
corps for distinguished merit;
An act (H. R. No. 390) for the relief of Emily
A. Lyon;
An act(H. R.No.598) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, I860;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to give the neces-
sary notice stipulated, pending the intention of
the United Slates to purchase the building known
as the Merchants' Exchange, in New York city,
now used for custom-house purposes.
IIENRV KARSTAUS.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of Henry
Karstaus; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
NORTHWESTERN SHIP CANAL.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial to the President and Congress
of the United States, by the Northwestern Ship
Canal Convention, assembled at Dubuque, Iowa,
May 4, 1864; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Roads and Canals, and ordered to be
prin ted.
NIAGARA SniP CANAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 demand
the regular order of business. 1 desire that the
committees may be called.
The SPEAKER. The question pending at the
adjournment yesteiday was the bill (H. R. No.
126) to construct a ship canal around the falls of
Niagara. It is, therefoie, the regular order, un-
less it be set aside by unanimous consent or post-
poned. *
Mr. SPALDING. I move that that bill, with
the pending amendment, be postponed until Mon-
day next, and made the special order for thatday
after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (II. II. No. 214)
to provide that the heads of Exocuiive Depart-
ments may occupy seats on the floorof the House
of Representatives was recommitted to the select
committee,
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. PENDLETON. I yield to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. STEVENS. I report back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, Senate bill No. 171,
entitled ** An act further to amend an act entitled
4 An act for the collection of direct taxes in the in-
surrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes,' "approved June 7,1862.
I move that this bill be recommitted, and be or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASED PAY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. STEVENS. I also report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a bill to provide for
the temporary increase of the compensation of
certain clerks and employes in the civil service of
the Government. I ask that this bill be made the
special order for Thursday of next week.
Mr.,WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 must ob-
ject to this bill being made a special order. I
object to making any bill for raising salaiies a
special order to the exclusion of public business.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not to the exclusion of
public business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does ex-
clude everything else, as a matter of course, if it
is made a special order.
The SPEAKER. To make the bill a special
order at this time requires unanimous consent,
and the gentleman from Illinois objects. It can
be postponed by u majority, or acted upon now
by a majority.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, that the bill
be postponed until Thursday of next week after
the morning hour, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS AGAIN.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I now
propose to call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which House bill No. 214, to provide
that the heads of the Executive Departments
may occupy seats upon the floorof the House of
Representatives, was recommitted to the select
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Doesthegen-
tleman desire to go on with the subject to-day?
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to go on with it
for a period, as there are one or two gentlemen
who wish to discuss it, and whose convenience
will be subserved by discussing it to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to consentto postpone the bill till after
the morning hour. The committees have not been
called for a long time.
Mr. PENDLETON. If that will subserve the
convenience of the House I certainly have no dis-
position to object.
Mr. STEVENS. I am anxious to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to pass several appropriation bills; but I do not,
of course, want to interfere with the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have only to say, in
reference to this measure, that I am inclined to
do anything which will suit the convenience of
the House. I have waited, as my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means well knows,
in order to have a convenient time to bring it up
so as not to interfere withanyimportantbusmoss
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman proceeds
at once, we can after a while go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; but
if he waits till after the morning hour, there will
be no time left to do so.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope, then, that the
gentleman from Illinois will not persist in his re-
quest, as I am unwilling to decline, and yet it is
evident I cannot accept.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittees have not been called for weeks, and I
know that many have a laigeamount Of business
to report. The Committee on Commerce has, for
one.
Mr. PENDLETON. How soon will the
morning hour commence?
The SPEAKER. It has already commenced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask con-
sent to make one report from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PENDLETON. Will it give rise to debate?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think that il will.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
