1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TRADE WITH REBELLIOUS STATJ5S.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce, to whom
was referred the resolution of the House of .Representatives
of the 20th instant, directing the said committee to inquire
into the matter of a permit granted by the chief agent of
tiie Treasury Department to G. W. Lane, of Baltimore, to
proceed to North Carolina and exehangc provisions with
the rebels for cotton, is hereby directed further to inquire
into ail the facts and circumstances connected with the
trade with the rebellious States since the breaking out of
the rebellion, either by permit from the Treasury Depart-
ment or otherwise; that the said committee have leave to
sit during the sessions of the Hous-e, and to repoit at any
tune; and that the Clerk be directed to pay all the expenses
of the said committee out of the contingent fund ot the
House, on the certificate of the chairman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the call for the previous question to hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, this whole
matter of trade across the lines with the rebel
States has erice already been referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. They are now en-
gaged in collecting information on the subject and
have been considering it. Therefore, tomy mind,
when the whole subject has been referred to one
committee, there is a manifest impropriety in re-
ferring it to another committee, and that too when
we are in the midst of the investigation. I hope,
therefore, that the resolution will not be passed,
or, if passed, that the Committee on Military
Affairs will be discharged from this subject.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise merely to reiterate tire statement of my col-
league on the Committee on Military Affairs. By
a resolution introduced into this House by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.BouxwELL,]
the Committee 011 Military Affairs was charged
to investigate the whole question of tradewith the
rebel States, the transit of the products of the
loyal States to those States, and the purchase of
their products in return. Subsequently another
gentleman from Massachusetts submitted a reso-
lution calling upon the Secretary of War for the
correspondence with General Canby. Then the
letter of General Canby and other correspondence
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. That committee has been for some time
engaged in collecting the facts and statistics in
regard to this trade.
It seems to me that it is a proper subject for
the investigation of the Committee on Military
Affairs. It appertains very much to the conduct
of military affairs. It is a question of trade
across the lines, between the loyal and the rebel-
lious States. I agree with my colleague, that
when this subject was referred to one committee
it is certainly an impropriety to charge another
committee with its consideration. It was for this
reason that I objected when my colleague asked
unanimous consent, a short time since, to intro-
duce this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
will recollect that a few days since the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] introduced a reso-
lution which directed the Committee on Com-
merce to inquire into a specific case which was
mentioned in the resolution. The committee pro-
ceeded to discharge that duty; and they have had
brought to their attention, while examining that
particular case, other cases in precisely the same
channel.
Now, sir, I desire to say,on behalfof the Com-
mittee on Commerce, that this is an investigation
which that committee does not court. We have
110 feeling whatever in relation to the matter. The
subject was sent to them by the House, and in
good faith they have entered upon the discharge
of that duty, and the committee deem it proper,
if the House desire this investigation, that they
should have this resolution to work upon.
That is the whole question. If the House de-
sire that the Committee on Commerce shall go
foiward and make this investigation, they can
adopt this resolution. If they do not desire it,
but desire that the Committee on Military Affairs
shall make the investigation, the Committee on
Commerce is satisfied. We are satisfied from
what lias already appeared before us that this sub-
ject opens a wide field for examination, and will
require the attention of any committee pretty
much all the time from this to the end of the ses-
sion. If the Committee on Military Affairs have
time to attend to it, and the House determine that
that is the proper committee to make the exam-
ination, the Committee on Commerce are entirely
satisfied.
Mr. FRANK. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois what will be the expense at-
tending this investigation?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is impos-
sible for me to answer that question. I think I
can assure the gentleman from New York that
there will be no unnecessary expense incurred;
but all the expense necessary to a full investiga-
tion will be incurred.
Mr. UPSON. How is it proposed to continue
this committee beyond the present session?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
nothing in the resolution which contemplates any
continuation of the committee beyond the present
session. Of course everything falls with the Con-
gress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish any misun-
derstanding about this matter. I suppose no com-
mittee courts an addition to its labors. I do not
know how it may be with the Committee on Com-
merce, but sure I am that very little time can be
bestowed upon that, beygnd what we are now
called upon to give to any special subject, by the
committee over which I have the honor to pre-
side.
I simply desire to call the attention of the
House to the fact that this whole subject has once
been referred, with instructions, to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and that committee is
now engaged, according to the best of its ability
and time, m the investigation. And it is now pro-
posed that another committee shall be chargcd
with the same investigation. The Committee on
Commerce, it appears, has been charged to look
into what has been done in a specific case, having
no relation to the general investigation of the
whole policy. What is now asked is, that in ad-
dition to the inquiry committed to them, their
power shall be extended over the whole subject,
and they be instructed to report in regard to the
whole policy of trade with the rebel States, thus
covering, in addition to what they are now charged
with, precisely the ground occupied by instruc-
tions given in the former resolution to the Mili-
tary Committee.
Having 110 particular desire to engage in these
investigations, under these circumstances, if the
courtesy of the Committee on Commerce and this
House is such as to make it seem to them proper
to charge the Committee on Commerce with the
precise subject of investigation before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and with which that
committee is now occupied, I shall, after the reso-
lution is passed, ask that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs be discharged from any further con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yield to me a moment. I will renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw my demand, under the circumstances.
Mr. ALLEY. I believe no mo^e important
resolution has been presented to this House since
the commencement of this session, and I hope it
will be adopted. For one, 1 should prefer that
this subject had been referred to a select commit-
tee, owing to its importance and to the labor neces-
sarily involved in the investigation of the matter,
which precludes the possibility of such complete
investigation by most standing committees as we
desire. I know that great complaint has been
made in some quarters, and I fear justly, in re-
gard to this subject. If the allegations that have
come to my ear are true, then this matter ought
to be investigated, and investigated speedily and
thoroughly.
I have great confidence, of course, in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; no one more so, I
know. Everybody in this House understands
that that committee is more burdened with work
than almost any other committee ol this House.
Its labors are very arduous; and an important
subjectof this character, which inquires a speedy
and thorough investigation,and involves such a
great amount of labor, seems to trie should be
referred to some other equally appropriate com-
mittee.
As I said before, I should have preferred that
this matter should have been sent to a special
committee; but as the House refused to do that,
I am for the next best thing, and hope the reso-
lution will be adopted, and that the Committee
on Commerce will be charged with the investiga- .
tion, and by their report let the House and the
country know what truth there is in the reports
that a few favored individuals are granted exclu-
-sive privileges, of immense value to the recipi-
ents, which are denied to the great mass of equally
worthy applicants.
I renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to—ayes C6,
noes 30.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I demand the yeas
and nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered:
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be discharged from the
further consideration of all questions relating to
trade between the loyal and the rebel States, here-
tofore referred to them by resolution of the House.
We will not pay any attention to that resolution,
whether we are discharged or not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 would like to inquire
what the subject is from the consideration of
which the committee ask to be discharged. Is it
the same that we have just referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is precisely the same.
The SPEAKER. It is the subject of trade
between the loyal and rebel States.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it in order to move that
the Committee on Military Affairs be discharged
with the thanks of the House? [Laughter.]
The motion of Mr. Schenck was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to report a bill for action at this
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I feel bound
to suggest to my colleague on the committee that
it was the understanding with the gentleman from
Ohio [M. Pendleton] that he was only to give
way for a single report.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I withdraw my report.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] calls up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution of
the House (No. 214) to provide that the heads of
Departments may occupy seats on the floor of the
House of Representatives was recommitted to the
special committee on that subject.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to allow me to make a single
report from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. It will take but a moment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
FRANKLIN INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee for the
District of Columbia bill of the ^Senate No. 384,
to amend the act entitled " An act to amend and
extend the charter of the Franklin Insurance
Company," approved 2d March, 1838.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I now demand the regular
order of business.
TIIANKS TO MAJOR GENERAL SHERIDAN.
Mr. DEiYIlNG. I wish, with the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, to report back from
