1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
property disposed of. I think that object would
be accomplished by amending the section so as
to strike out the words "also all," in line seven
hundred and sixty-eight, and insert the word " re-
ceived, " after "premium," and then it would
read:
That income derived from interest upon notes, bonds*
and other securities of the United States, and premiums
received on gold and coupons shall be included in esti-
mating incomes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose he does not re-
ceive a premium, but keeps the gold?
Mr. JOHNSON. Then he ought not to pay.
You ought not to charge him a tax on what he
does not get.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose he receives the
gold and puts it in his pocket to hoard it. That
is the very thing we object to. He then receives
the income in that which is better than United
States currency. If he was compelled to sell the
gold you would tax the premium he received.on
it; but now you say, if he is able to hoard the
gold you will not tax it.
Mr. JOHNSON. But you propose to consider
it as income. Is it income? My friend from
New York will permit me again to use his name.
Suppose on to-morrow morning he receives in gold
$10,000. That is income, and you tax it as
such, but the Senator from Ohio wants to tax
it as $15,000 or $20,000. My friend from New
York puts that gold in his pocket. Whenever
he sells it, if he sells it for more than $10,000, he
makes the difference between the $10,000 and
what he gets for it; but suppose he keeps it until
the $10,000 in gold is only worth $10,000 in cur-
rency, you still tax him on the assumption that
he has actually received the difference between
$10,000 in gold and $50,000 measured in currency.
That does not seem to me to be fair. You may
tax him on the $10,000, because he owns$10(G00,
but it is proposed to tax him as having in his
hands property in fact worth $20,000. I say
you cannot call it income until he realizes by a
sale of the gold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If 1 understand what the
chairman of the Committee on Finance desires,
I think an amendment which I have drawn up
will meet it. It is to insert after the word " also"
these words, " the difference between the stand-
ard value of gold and coupons on the day the
same are received and their current value in law-
ful money at the same time." The difference be-
tween them at that time, if I understand it, is
what the Senator from Ohio wishes to get at. If
a man receives the gold and hoards it up, Iethim
be taxed on that; hold out some inducement to
him not to do that. It is the very thing we want
him not to do.
Mr. SHERMAN, I think those words would
answer the purpose the same as the amendment
I proposed. I have no choice as to the language,
but am willing to adopt the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. GRIMES. We are legislating now about
the income tax. Is it pretended that a man de-
rives income from gold which he holds in his
pocket, any more than I do who hold real estate
which I do not choose to part with, anticipating
arise? How could you tax me for income on
such real estate ?
Mr, SHERMAN. It only applies to gold re-
ceived on bonds of the United States. I think
the words i have already proposed will cover the
whole matter.
Mr. GRIMES. The truth is, the committee
had it right in the start, when they provided that
all premiums on gold and coupons should be in-
cluded in estimating income. That is the way
the committee reported it, and that is the way it
ought to stand. Now, it seems that some gentle-
men are desirous to reach the gold in the hands
of the parties, if they see fit to hold on to it and
not to sell it. They have a right to hold on to it
and not to part with it. If I own real estate, or
any other unproductive property, I may hold on
to it; but the moment I part with it, and the mo-
menta man parts with the gold, the profit derived
becomes a part of the income, and is liable to
taxation.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member will
permit me to say that is not what the committee
aid mean. The committee meaut to tax the dif-
ference between the actual and nominal value of
the gold. I think with him that the increased
value'of the gold irr currency cannot be consid-
ered as income until the gold has been sold and
the difference has been received. The word " pre-
mium," as used by the committee, as I under-
stood the chairman, was intended to be considered
as including the actual difference.
Mr. GRIMES. I would not undertake to say
what the committee meant, but 1 know that no
other construction can be put on this language
legally than that it means the premiums actually
received on gold and coupons.
Mr. JOHNSON. That ia the construction I
put on it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it really intended to
count as income what a man would make if he
did sell his gold ?
Several Senators. Yes, that is it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then why not tax a man
on what he would have made if he had sold his
horse?
Mr. SHERMAN. We still look on gold as
money; that is the difference. We do not look on
a horse, yet, as money. We have two kinds of
money, gold and paper money. We pay gold
for interest, and it is received; and now we pro-
pose to require the person who receives it either
to pay his income tax in the kind of money he
receives or else to make up the difference in case
he pays it in a depreciated currency.
Mr. COLLAMER. It amounts to this, after
all, that you tax a man for that which he might
have made with his gold if he chose to sell it
instead of keeping it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Under the amendment now
moved he has not the right to pay m gold.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then that is entirely a
misrepresentation, There is no provision in the
law that a man may pay his tax in gold at a less
sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I assure the honorableSen-
ator that no assessor or collector would object to
taking it in gold.
" Mr. COLLAMER. I do not want any experi-
ment of that kind. I object to considering as
income that which you say a man might have
made if he pleased to do what he did not do.
Mr. HOWE. I have listened to the very ani-
mated colloquy on the other side of the Chamber
as intently as I could, and I have been a good
$eal interested in it. I have not been able yet
to hear any proposition which to my mind bet-
tered much the recommendation of the commit-
tee, and until I heara better one 1 am inclined to
stand by that. It is very evident that if the in-
terest which is paid on the Government securities
in gold is worth anymore than its nominal sum
you must tax it whether it is converted or not.
if you adopt these suggestions that you will only
tax the premium when it is actually received, it
is very evident that no premium will ever be act-
ually received because the man who is paid
$1,000 in gold to-day as his interest, never will
exchange it for paper, bur he will pay it out for
some property or merchandise, and he will buy
twice as much with it as he would buy with the
same amount in paper; and he will turn the prop-
erty, the merchandise, the wheat, the flour, what-
ever he buys with it, into paper whenever he
wants to do so. There will be no exchange of
gold for paper theieafter. I ihmk the language
as it stands will reach all premiums received on
gold, and all premiumsearned on gold or coupons,
and 1 am willing t® stand by the language of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
I believe, myself, it is better to acihere to that
which has been fully considered by the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 understand that while I
was necessarily absent there was passed over an
amendment in relation to savings banks. I ask
that that be now acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will now return to the amendment referred to,
which is to insert after line seven hundred and
thirty-five, the following:
That section one hundred and ten be amended by strik-
ing out after the words "and redemption thereof," the
words u nor to any savings bank having no capital stock,
and whose business is confined to receiving deposits and
loaning the same on interest fur the benefit of depositors
only, and which do no other business of banking."
Mr. COLLAMER. At the last session of Con- (
gress I occupied somewhat the attention of the
Senate in relation to this subject, and the Senate
at that time by a very decisive vote, notwith-
standing the objection of the Senator from Ohio,
adopted the qualification and exception which is
now by this amendment proposed to be stricken
out. The House of Representatives have done
nothing with it, but the committee of the Senate
proposed to strike out the exception. I should
be pleased to hear what is the occasion of the al-
teration now proposed, and why it is now pro-
posed. The Senate passed upon it at the last
session and very decisively.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 was in hopes that I should'
be able to give the Senate the statistics that I have
been endeavoring to get in regard to savings
banks, but I find it very difficult to get at them
except from the reports of the differentStates, and*
I will state them as near as I can in round num-
bers, and if I am incorrect the Senators repre-
senting those States can make the correction prob-
ably. I had a statement prepared a year ago, I
think, but 1 have not been able now to find it.
The amount of deposits in the savings banks in
the State of New York, if I remember right, was
placed at $108,000,000. The amount in Massa-
chusetts was over fifty millions, and in the other
States of New England not so large, but consider-
able. The whole aggregate of deposits in the
savings banks in New York and New England
was something over two million dollars if I
recollect aright, and 1 think I am not mistaken,
though in the absence of statistics I caqnot say
positively.
Probably most of this money is made up of the
deposits of poor people, especially in portions of
New England described by the Senator from Ver-
mont, but a considerable portion of it, especially
in the cities, consists of the deposits of people
well able to bear taxes upon their income. The
total aggregate was so large, and the subject was
so fair and so just an object of taxation to my
mind, that I believed there was no reason for mak-
ing the exception. In the State of Ohio, for in-
stance, our people generally, poor and rich,deposit
in our ordinary banks. Sometimes they allow
interest on those deposits as savings banks do. I
believe we have no savings banks, so called, in
the State of Ohio, and I am not aware that there
are any through the Northwest to any, consider-
able extent; there may be one or two at Chicago.
The deposits are made in ordinary banks. I look
upon a savings bank precisely like any other
bank of deposit. I know of no difference. The
difference in their organization is not a reason for
a difference in the mode of taxation. A savings
bank m New England, described in this section,
is one that receives deposits for the benefit of the
depositors. An ordinary bank receives deposits
for the benefit of its stockholders, and a trust
company receives deposits for loan and for the
benefit of the stockholders. All of them receive
deposits to make money upon for the benefit of
somebody, either the depositors themselves orthe
stockholders engaged in the bank. In principle 1
cannot see any distinction or difference between
them. It seems to me, therefore, that a tax of
one half of one per cent, a year on the amount
of these deposits is notan unreasonable contribu-
tion on their part toward the wants of the country.
Mr. COLLAMER. These banks do not have
either capital or circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
discussed the matter very fully, and we con-
cluded that this class of deposits should pay the
tax imposed on other deposits in banks—one
twenty-fourth of one percent, each month on the
average amount of money subject to check or
draft. The tax on deposits in ordinary banks is
one half per cent, a year, and the same tax ap-
plied to savings banks would yield us $1,000,000
revenue and would not be oppressive to any single
individual. I have no doubt that the tax would
not be felt even by a single depositor, and the
cry of opposition I do not believe would come up
from the laboring men of New England.
We are compelled to resort to almost every
expedient for taxation; and to make an exception
in favor of this class of deposits, an exception
that costs us $1,000,000 a y^ear, seems to me
without foundation in principle or in reason.
Hence when this subject was brought before us
