416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
tfie Committee on Military Affairs the resolution
of thanks to Major General Sheridan.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my demand
for the regular order of business for that purpose
only.
Mr. DEMINOr. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back the joint
resolution of the House, (No. 142,) giving thanks
to (General Sheridan, with an amendment in the
ifaturfe of a substitute.
" "The substitute proposes to resolve that the
tharfksof Congress are hereby tendered to Major
Genetai Philip H. Sheridan, and the officers and
ifteri unde^ his'command, for the gallantry, mili-
tary skill, and courage displayed in the brilliant
series of victories achieved by them in the valley
of the Shenandoah, and especially for their ser-
vices at "Cedar Run on the 19th of October, 1864,
"Which retrieved the fortunes ofthe day and averted
a great disaster*, and it further requests the Pres-
ident of the United States to communicate this
resolution to Major General Sheridan, and through
him to the officers and soldiers under his com-
mand.
"'The'substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended,was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHEJ^CK demanded the yeas and nays
oh the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 2, not voting 49;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alli-
son, Ames, Ancona, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Augustus
C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Reamnn, Blaine,
Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brooks, Nroomnll, James S,
Brown, WilliamG. Brown, Ambrose. W. Clark, Cobb, Cof-
fioth, Cole, Cox, Cravens. Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawo<j, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly,
Drlgga, KclUey, l5d<rcrton, Eliot, Farnswoitli, Pluck, Frank,
Gnuson, Garfield, Goooh, Grider^unueHjUriftwoidjlIalc,
Harding, Ciiniles M. ihurivS, lligby, Dolman, Hooper,
JlotehkiS'*, Asahol W. Ilubbaid, John II. Hubbard. Inyer-
foll, Jenekes, Julian, Kalbfloi^eh, Knsson, Kelley,K>rn<m,
King, Knox, Lazcar, Lmlejohn, Loan, Lun^year, Mallory,
Marvin, McAllister, Mcllnde, MeClnrg, MrDowell, ftleln-
d<>e, Samuel F.Miller, William H. Miller,Moorhcad,Mor-
rill, Daniel Morris,Mouison, AinosMyeis, Leonard Myei%
Noble, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Jolm O'Neill, Oi tit, Patter
son, Peihttm, Pike, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam li.Randall, Alexander 11. Itiee, Joim 11. Rice, Robin-
son, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins, James y. Ruling, Ro.-. ,
Sohenek, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sl'jan, Smith, Sinith-
ers, Spalding, John B. Steele, William G.'Steele, Steven*,
Strouse, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas, Towysend, Upson, Van
Valkeybtirgh, Wadi worth, Elilm B. Washbuuus William
B. Washburn, WebMer, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph VV.
White, Wilson, Windom, and Yeaman—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin G. Harris and Chilton A.
White—2
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Bally, Bliss, Brandegee,
Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Clay, CreHvveii, Dawson, Du-
niont, Bden, Eldrldge, Englirfh, Hall, D:urmgton, Derrick,
Ilulburd, fiutchins, Philip Johnson, Williaw Jolu^on,
Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Knapp, Law, I.e
Blond, Dong, Maroy, McKlnney, Muklh'ton, James R.
Mori is, Nelson, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Pomcioy, I'uiyn,
Starr, Stiles, Sweat, Tracy, Vooihee?, Ward, Williams,
Wilder, Win field, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
Woodbridgc, and VVorUungton—41).
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DEMING moved that the vote just taken
be reconsidered, and also moved that the motion
to reeonsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On behalf of the managers on the part of
the House in the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes ofthe two Houses on the amend-
ments to the deficiency bill, I submit a report}
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The second committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes oi the two Houses on the amendment* to the bill (II.
Jt. No. 620) to supply deficiencies in the appropriation lor
the service of tin; fiscal year ending the Soth ot June, lfcG. ,
having met, afterfuli and free conference have been unable
to agree. ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
D. C. UTTLEJOHN,
Managers on the part oj the House,
DANIEL CLARK,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the pait oj the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, before any
action be taken by the House on that report, I
desire to submit a brief explanation.
When this second committee of conference met,
we found that, in consequence of the action of the
House and Senate respectively, there remained
but six amendments about which there was ques-
tion between the two Houses. These were all of
them amendments which had been added to the
bill by the Senate. The first of these was an
amendment in relation to a small appropriation
of some four or five hundred dollars for the Den-
ver mint. There was exhibited to us a letter from
the Department, explaining the necessity for that
appropriation, which satisfied the managers upon
the part of the House that the House ought to re-
cede from its disagreement to that amendment.
The second amendment is a large appropria-
tion attached by the Senate for deficiency in the
appropriations for the support of the mint at San
Francisco. This, being considered by the com-
mittee of conference, was found to rest on this
state of facts: last year only $50,000 was asked
for the support of that mint in one of its items, and
altogether some two hundred thousand dollars.
This year there is asked for that mint an amount
exceeding that by more than two hundred thou-
sand dollars. This deficiency is explained in the
papers as having been occasioned by the difficulty
in procuring services, by the increased pay forsub-
sistence, by the derangement of the currency, and
the difficulty about the use of the paper currency
in California. These facts are alleged as explain-
ing why $134,000 more*is asked to make up the
deficiency of last year. If that deficiency be al-
lowed, the appropriation will still be less, by a
very considerable sum, than the appropriation
made the present year. Yet the appropriation is
large. The committee turned their attention to
the papeis which were before them,and found that
the head of the Department states, upon his au-
thority, that the difficulties stated are such as to
render necessary this further appropriation for
that deficiency; and he states this with the addi-
tional knowledge he is presumed to have, behav-
ing had the subject specially under his attention,
not only as Secretary of the Treasury, but while
serving as a Senator upon the Finance Committee
of the Senate. All tilings considered, the com-
mittee were not unwilling to agree thut the House
bhouid recede from its disagreeing vote on that
amendment.
Theie are three other amendments, numbers six,
seven, and eight, of like character, founded upon
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House, showing the necessity of supply-
ing deficiencies, which had not been brought to
the attention of Congress, in three of the bureaus
of the Navy Department. This letter is under-
stood not to have reached the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House, nor the House, unul
after the bill had been acted upon here, and con-
sequently these amendments were added in the
Senate. The committee were not unwilling to
agree to these.
There remained then, Mr. Speaker, the fourth
amendment, providing for an addition of twenty
per cent, to the pay last year ofthe employes of
this House. The objection made to that on the
part of ti e Senate is this: that there had prevailed
a custom in both the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives through a long succession of years
of voting by resolution at the close of each ses-
sion of Congress, in the hurry of adjournment,
an increased compensation, a gratuity to its em-
ployes, to be paid out of the contingent fund of
that particular branch where the vote took place.
In 1858, to break up this custom, an act of Con-
gress was passed which prohibited the Senate or
House from making such an appropriation out of
the contingent fund, and requiring thatevery such
appropiiation should be made by law. It is
claimed by the Senate, and is, I believe, according
to the fact, that since 1858 there has been no in-
fringement of this law, or an attempt to infringe
it by either House of Congress till this time. On
the 4th of July last, on the last day of the last
session, the House passed a resolution giving a
gratuity of twenty per cent, to its employes. The
Senate passed no such lesolution. In the defi-
ciency appropriation bill of this session a provision
was introduced appropriating some thirty thou-
sand dollars to pay this twenty per cent, addi-
tional salary to the employes of the House. It
was to pay them what it seems they could not
receive under the act of 1858.
So far as the managers of the committee of con-
ferenceofthe House are concerned, theyfeltthat
the House had committed itself in some degree to
its employes by the resolution of the House at
the last session of Congress. I do notknow what
would have been the opinion if the^question had
been an open one.. The first committee of con-
ference on the part of the House adhered to that
amendment, and were sustained with a good de-
gree of unanimity. The second committee of
conference therefore felt itself instructed upon this
point by the House.
Now, sir, in order to narrow the whole ques-
tion,! move that the House recede from its disa-
greement to the first, second, sixth, seventh, and
eighth amendments of the Senate, relating to
Denver, San Francisco, and the bureaus of the
Navy Department, so that there shall be left open-
between the two Houses nothing but this ques-
tion in reference to the employes of the House.
This will narrow it down to such a point that the
House will be enabled to determine whether to
abandon the bill or recede from the disagreement
to this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order to
test this whole question, I move to amend the
gentleman's motion by receding from our disa-
greement to all the amendments of the Senate, and
to recede from our disagreement to the amendment
which is specially objected to. The gentleman
from Ohio has stated plainly and clearly the dif-
ferences between the two Houses.
At the suggestion of gentlemen, I withdraw my
amendment so as first to let the vote be taken on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio. When
that is disposed of, 1 will renew my motion to
recede from our disagreement to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, and to agree to the same.
TheSPEAKKR. Uhe fust question will be
on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference, and will then recur upon the amend-
ments pending before the House.
Mr. RAND ALL,of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speak-
er, having been a member of the second committee
of confeience on the part of the House, I have
had the opportunity to make a delibeiate investi-
gation of the merits of the differences between the
two Houses. I am convinced, sir, that there is
no propriety in the action of the other House in
so far as it attempts to interfere with the disposi-
tion of this House in reference to its own domes-
tic affairs, if I may be permitted to use the ex-
pression. It is well known that this has been an
extraordinary year in respcct to the increase of
all the articles of living; and it is also well known
that this increase falls with great hardship upon
the recipients of small salaries.
Now, as a member of the committee on the
part of the House, and with a disposition to yield
everything except where the faith of the House
is pledged, let me say that many of the employes
of the Mouse have regulated their financial mat-
ters with reference to tins increase of pay. This
action of the Senate stands, so far as my knowl-
edge goes, and all the information I can get, with-
out piecedent. Never has a successful effort been
made upon the part of cither House to interfere
with what I might term the domestic relations of
the other House.
I have, therefore, and I say it with great frank-
ness to the House, clearly "been convinced that
this money should be voted. I do not want to
stop the passage of the deficiency bill, nor do I
want to lack the proper dignity which I conceive
to be due to the House in connection with its own
offioeis; and therefore I move, as an amendment
to the motion of the chairman of the committee,
that the House adhere to the amendment disagreed
to by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The first question before
the committee is upon agreeing to the report of
the conference committee. The gentleman can
make his motion to adhere, but the question must
first be taken upon the motion to recede, as that
has priority.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That
would make my amendment inappropriate.
The SPEAKER. That would depend upon
what disposition is made of the first motion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. My mo-
tion will be in order if that is voted down.
Mr. SCHENCK. My motion to recede ap-
plies only to the first,second,sixth,seventh,and
eighth amendments, leaving out the one relating
to the extra compensation.
