1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
• The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time,and passed. Itstitle
was amended so as to read, " A bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to lease or sell cer-
tain property of the United States situated at
Bath, in the State of Maine."
SWORD TO CAPTAIN STELLWAGEN.
Mr. SUMNER, The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a message from
the President, transmitting correspondence in re-
lation to the presentation of a sword to Captain
Henry S. Stellwagen, have directed me to report
a resolution authorizing the acceptance. I ask
the action of the Senate on it now, as it is a res-
olution of course.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say that there
is the post route bill, that every man in the Senate
wants passed, and I presume there is no objection
to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I know there is to be debate
on that. I happen to know it.
Mr. COLLAMER. On the post route bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; it is so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I never heard of such a
thing.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will know it
when the bill comes up. The Camden and Am-
boy railroad matter will be discussed on it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not on it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is to be put on.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authoriz-
ing the acceptance of a sword of honor from the
Government of Great Britain by Captain Henry
S. Stellwagen, of tjie United States Navy, was
read three times, and passed. The sword was
presented by the Government of Great Britain as
a mark of their gratitude for the assistance ren-
dered by Captain Stellwagen while in command
of the frigate Constellation to the British brigan-
tine Mersey, when in a disabled condition.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call up House
bill No. 774, the post route bill.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be a division on
that, and a debate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand thatthere is
not any objection to anything there is in the bill.
I presume the gentleman will say that.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise no objection to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no objection to
anything there is in the bill. Any bill can be
made debatable and disputable by trying to put
on it something that docs not belong to it. I un-
derstand from the intimation thrown out that it is
to be proposed to attach to the bill the measure
which is known as the New Jersey railroad bill.
Every railroad in America is already a post route.
Putting that on this bill does not affect it one way
or the^pther.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent to consider the
bill he has named. Is there any objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. In view of the declaration
already made I feel it my duty to object. I have
not the slightest objection to the bill of the hon-
orable Senator, but I know the power that any
Senator may now exercise if he chooses.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts may make every bill before the body dis-
putable in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me say to the Senator that
it has been the purpose of Senators here now for
weeks, if the bill that has been passed by the
House of Representatives should be baffled in the
Senate so that we should be unable to get a vote
on it, to attach it to the post route bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why not propose to at-
tach it to an appropriation bill?
Mr. SUMNER. " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." The first proposition is to at-
tach it to the post route bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. That very road is a post
route already. Every railroad in the country is
now a post road. I move that the pending bill
be informally laid aside for the purpose of taking
up the post route bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to postpone informally the pend-
ing question for the purpose of taking up the bill
which he has indicated.
That" info^naily" means
Mr. SHERMAN.
nothing
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
understand such a motion. It is the first time he
ever heard it in the Senate. Things are informally
done by unanimous consent. The formal motion
will be to postpone the pending question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
makes a motion, but he says he does it inform-
ally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it could be done
informally it would be in the power of the Sena-
tor from Ohio to call up the pending bill at any
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned,
I am willing that the post route bill shall be taken
up informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is what the
Chair just asked if there was any objection to.
Mr. FOOT. The purportof the motion is sim-
ply this, that my colleague asks unanimous con-
sent to take up and consider at this time the post
route bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has so
stated, and has also stated to the Senator from
Ohio that if it be taken up in that way it will be
within his power at any time to call up the tax
bill, which is the regular order of business. Is
there any objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I must object, and I do it
simply on the ground that I know there are Sen-
ators interested in the question who are not here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to it
cannot be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to put upon its pas-
sage the bill to provide for the publication of the
opinions of the Attorneys General of the United
States.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to it utterly, and
to all other bills. I object to everything.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the bill which was
pending when the recess was taken.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postponethecon-
sideration of the pending bill that we may get to
the bill indicated by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Ohio will
excuse me for an instant. The motion shallnot
be in his way. I believe I am in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order.
Mr. CONNESS. A very extraordinary cir-
cumstance to my mind has occurred. The chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads rises to present the annual post route bill
for consideration. Nearly every Senator has
amendments to offer to that bill which deeply con-
cern his people. My friend from Massachusetts
rises and prevents the consideration of that bill
by threatening to offer to it as an amendment a
pending bill concerning what is called the New
Jersey monopoly. Now, I wish to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts that I had intended
to vote with him on that bill, but I shall not be
alone, I undertake to say, m voting against it in
any form hereafter in which it shall come before
this body while such a course as this is being
pursued. If there is one legitimate bill for this
body to consider in the remaining hours that are
left, it is-the bill named by the honorable Senator
from Vermont; I mean, of course, giving place to
tax bills. I am grieved and pained that a threat
to attach another bill to it shall be made and then
an objection based upon that. It is a course of
proceeding according to which we can do no
business m this body, because, like the Senator
from Vermont, I shall object to any and every
bill, and particularly those which come from my
friend from Massachusetts, if lie pursues this
course, and vote against his monopoly bill in any
and every shape in which it shall be considered.
Now, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will discharge
his duties as he 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate except the pending bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I havetoremaik on that 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not by way of reply to another question.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move to postpone
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No* the Senator
is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I was merely going to say
that the Senator from California will discharge
his duties as a Senator on this floor as to his con-
science seems best, and I shall discharge mine as
to my conscience seems best. I now withdraw
the motion.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (HJ. R.
No. 744) to amend an act entitled " An actto pro-x
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, lS64,is before the
Senate as in Commttee of the Whole, the pending
question being on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance, to insert after line seven
hundred and thirty-five, on page 31, the following:
That section one hundred and ten be amended by strik-
ing out after the woids "and redemption thereof" the
woids-'nor to any savings bank having no capital stock,
and whose biwue^is confined to receiving deposits and
loaning Hie same on interest for the be fie tit ot the deposit-
or only, and which do no other business of banking."
Mr. COLLAMER. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance [Mr. Sherman] has
a manner of talking about this subject of savings
banks that stnkes me very strangely, but after
all, I suppose it can be easily accounted for in the
aspect in which he views the subject. He says
that we have lost I do not know how much, but
I believe he indicated $1,000,000, by not taxing
these institutions. It reminds me very much of
a neighbor of mine who lost $500 last year by
not having any wheat to sell. [Laughter.] Most
men have lost money in that way; and that is the
way we have lost $1,000,000, by not stealing it.
That is a mere form of expression, but it is an
imposing form.
The chairman of the committee gave us a state-
ment of the amount of money deposited in the
savings banks in New York and New England,
for savings banks of the kind and character of
which we are talking are almost enthely confined
to those States. I know that there are nominally
savings banks, so called, in different States at the
West, but they are institutions with stockholders
just like any, other banks, and they take this
name because it is a popular name. I desire gen-
tlemen to remember that the savings banksabout
which we are talking are described as "savings
banks having no capital stock, and whose busi-
ness is confined to receiving deposits and loaning
the same on interest for the benefitof the depositors
only, and which do no other business of banking;"
that is, do no banking business. That is the
.species of institution about which we are talking.
The chairman says that in these savings banks
oven of this character m the State of New York
there are a little over one hundied millions, and
in Massachusetts about fifty millions, and m the
other New England States less, but the amount
in all is $200,000,000. Piobably that is rather a
large estimate; but put it at that. That is a very
large sum of money, it is true, but to whom does
it belong? To between seven and eight million
people, and it does not amount to twenty-five
dollars apiece. All there is of it divided among
the people of those States where the savings
banks exist, would not reach twenty-five dollars
apiece, so that the amount is not really very sur-
prising. It is no very large sum of money com-
pared with the number of people who own it.
It is not, to be sure, to be expected that I can
convince a man of the chairman's intelligence
of a distinction between these banks and other
banks, when he says that he cannot comprehend
that there is any. If he cannot couipiehend it,
it is utterly vain for me to labor with him. The
distinction was very well described and defined
by the honorable Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Van Winkle,] just before the recess. All
other banks receive deposits, and the deposits
which they receive and on which they are taxed
they use to make money for the bank, for the
corporation, for the stockholders. That is inva-
riably the case in regard to deposits in other
banks; but these savings banks have no capital
stock, have no stockholder, do not make any-
thing for any coiporation. The very terms de-
fining them show that they are confined simply
to taking money from people who earn small
sums and let it out for them better than they can
do for themselves. That is all there is of it.
v
