1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
by that vote that they will adhere to that provis-
ion of the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Will itprevent another com-
mittee of conference?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It will prevent
the House itself from asking another committee;
but it will leave the Senate free to ask another
committee.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the House recede.
The SPEAKER. That motion has just been
voted down.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Will not the gentleman
change his motion to a motion to insist, so that
the House may ask another committee?
Mr. STEVENS. To adhere is the proper mo-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House in-
sist upon its disagreement.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
now, as the previous question has been sus-
tained.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask what condi-
tion the bill will be in provided the House vote
to adhere? Will not the bill be lost unless the
Senate recede?
The SPEAKER. It will not. A message will
be sent to the Senate that the House recede from
its disagreement to all the Senate amendments
except the fourth, and in reference to that, that
they adhere. The Senate can then recede, or ask
another committee of conference. The Senate
have sent a message to the House stating that
they further insisted on their disagreement, and
asked a second committee of conference, which
was granted by the House. They have not no-
tified the House that they adhered, for they could
not, under any rule known to the Chair, adhere
and ask a conference of the House; nor has the
House been informed of any adherence by the
Senate. But after one House adheres, the other
can recede or nsk a conference, as by the Manual,
page 125, where four such instances are cited
from 3d Hatsell, and even one case where there
was a conference aftera second or final adherence.
But more familiar instances are found in House
Journal, first session Thirty-Fourth Congress,
page 1800, where the House adhered to their
amendment to the Army appropnation bill, Au-
gust 23, I85G, but granted a conference asked by
tfie Senate thereon; and in House Journal, first
session Thirty-Fifth Congress, page 604, where
the House adhered to their amendment to the
Senate bill for the admission of Kansas into the
Union, and yet, a few days after, on April 14,
1853, page GOO, agreed to a conference theieon
asked by the Senate.
Mr. PIKE. Upon the motion to adhere I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The (iuestion was put; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 46, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAtS—M';s«rs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cnnri, '\]iih'i-on, Ashley, Haily, 15'dii, Hliss, blow, lioyd,
James S. Brown, William b\ Cnuvn, Ctauler, Coflrotii,
Cox, Ciavens, Dawson, Dciniiiu, Df'ni^oti, Diton, Dnyg-*,
K.-kiVv, Rdi-n, Erfs.Tton, EUlndae, Eliot, Farnswortl), Can-
son Grulei, Oriswoli!, Ileiij.liiun G. IJdin% Clliirlt's M.
lljt'ns lierriek, Uotehltl", Jolm 11. Ilublmid, Jenckes,
J'lulip Johnson, K.ilblloiM-'h. Kt-lloj, Kmc. Knox, Lira,
he blon-J. l.onn, Lonirv™. M.illoiv. .Mnivm, McAIIMi-r,
^clind'1 Midilicton. Moodicild, Darnel Moi n^, James it.
SloTls. Mdllls-O.l, Li'Oinud M.wll,Xolile. Ch.irlra O'Neill,
JohiiO'Wuill. Oith. iVmllcton, Uaiilnul, S.imm'l J. Randall,
u'llliam U. Randall, Itobimon. ltosfiv James S. Rollins,
Ross ^elienek. *eotl, shannon. Smith, Smitlieis.^btuir,
Jollll'li. Steele, VVlllian. G.Steele. Steveni, Stionso, Slu.ut,
Sweat, Tliavoi,T.JWii iMiil, Van Villkeuliuigll, W adsnorth,
Waul, VVehster. Whalev, Wheelei, Chilton A. While,
Joseph W. White, Williams, and Yeanian—SI.
iN'AYri—Allev, Aihjon. Ames, Arnold, John I).
Buhkvni, Ilaxtei, Beainan, lilauie, lioimvell, lironmall,
Ainlnose W. Clark, Fieeman Claike, L'obl), Cole, Uailicld,
Good), Gunnel!, Hale, Hardin!!, Xi-n!m?ton, llisbj, llol-
man, Hooper, A-Jh.'l W. Iloi.liin] 1 n?-isoll, Jill.au. K as-
son, Oilando Kelloiru. Kcrnan. McCiurL', Me Uidot. s umiel
F. Miller, .Morrill, Noiton, Patti'r~on. I'eihain. Pike, I'ikt.
jjdwaid U. Roll ills. ;s|„an. S (Willing, Thomas. Upson, Uhhu
U Washhai ne, William B. Washlniin. ami U ibon—1' .
NOT VOT1XG—Messis. A'laintu-C. Baldwin. Br.nulc-
fee Biook-, Clay, L'reswvll, Ileniy Wiuler D.m-..Tlnmiiu.
T Oavi.s, Dawes, Donneilj, Duinont, r.n^h-il, Fine K,
Fiai'lt. Hal!. Hulbiml, Untcmns, William Jnlin-o'i, I'l.uleis
XV. Kolio?:!, KnaiMh J.aze.u, Litth'jolnu Loin:, Marcy, Mc-
Dowell. Mclviimey. William [I. .Miller, Anio'- Myers, Mel-
lon O'i"!1 Pony, Potner«n\ Pruvn, Alexander U. Moe,
Jnhll II. Bice, tfeoliel.1, Sales, Tiaey Voo.hees, U llder,
Wnalonu Wmliehl, lienjamm Wood, Fernando Wuud,
Woodbiidg«i, and YVoithington 4d.
So the House deteunincd to adhere to a dis-
agreement to tiic foui til (utiuiidmuntof the Senate.
During the roll call,
Mr. PIKE stated that his colleague, Mr. Rice,
was unavoidably absent, but that if present he
would have voted " no."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House adhered to its disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew the demand for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of bill of the House
No. 214.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ask my colleague [Mr.
Pendleton] if he will allow me to offer, in behalf
of the Military Committee, two or three resolu-
tions calling for information.
Mr. PENDLETON. If they can*be passed
without objection, I shall not object; otherwise I
must 
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the regular order
of business.
CORRECTIONS Or TIIE JOURNAL.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to corrcct the Journal of the House.
I find that my name is not recorded against the
joint resolution that passed the day before yes-
terday reducing the duty on paper to three per
cent. I voted " no."
The Journal was, by unanimous consent, or-
dered to be corrected.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I find my-
self recorded as voting " no" yesterday, on the
motion to lay on the table the resolution concern-
ing the Dictionary of Congress. I voted" ay." I
ask that the Journal be corrected.
The Journal was, by unanimous consent, or-
dered to be corrected.
OFFICERS IN SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCIiENCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, submitted the
following resolution; which was read,considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to th(*4 flon-.p at as "early a d<iy as practicable a
lit,t of the officers of the sub.-astenee department, showing
severally their rank and where each of them is employed,
and lor how loni* they have been respectively employed.
MAJOR G3CNERAL HALLECIC.
Mr. SCHENCK also, by unanimous consent,
and from the same committee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this llou-ewhat is the duty or command to which
Major General II. W. llalleek, United States Ainiy, as-
sii^neii; whether he is diawaig double rations ; and if so,
under what order such allowance la made, and by what
suithotity of law.
OFFICERS IN QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK also, by unanimous consent,
and from the seune committee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Rcsolrcd, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
cominiiniCcite to tins Ilou^e a IM ol all ofliceis a-><!£ned
under the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth section* of the act
to provide for the In ttei oi-Mmz.ition of the quaiterma-.ter'n
dopaiunent, appiovcd Jul\ 4,18G4. mating the dutv to which
i each of *aid o(hcei> h,i^ been .issued, the rank that as-
i Picmnent entitle?, linn to, and whether ^eiecr< d ftoin the.
; volunteer smvk < oi fioiu the icguiar Army, and iroui what
: former duty taken.
j cabinet officers in congress,
j The House then ptocrcded to the consideration
' of the motion to reconsider the vote by which
joint resolution of the House, (No. 914,) to ju-o-
| vide that the heads of Exeeuti vo Departments may
occupy on the floor of the House of Repre-
!l scntatives was recommitted to the s< lect conumt-
j| tee upon that subject, and upon which Mr. Pen-
■ dleton was entitled to the iloor.
:■ jVlr. PENDLETON. Idesne to yield the hour
j; which iy accorded to me by the rules in opening1
!j tins debate to my colleague upon the committee
; from New York, [Mr. Ganson.]
i] Mr. GANSON. Mi. Speaker, thp gentleman
j from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] at the last session,
; on the Gt-h day of April, mti oduccd into the House
j a joint resolution piovidmg that the heads ol the
Executive Departments might occupy seats on
the floor of this House, which resolution was
referred to a select committee of seven for con-
sideration and report. That committee reported
at the present session in favor of that resolution,
recommending its passage with two amendments,
and also recommending an amendment to the
rules providing the proper machinery for carry-
ing out the proposed project.
The resolution, when it was introduced, did
not embrace within its terms the Secretary of
State or the Attorney General. The committee,
upon consideration, saw no reason why the priv-
ilege proposed to be extended to the other heads
of the Departments should not also be extended
to the Secretary of State and the Attorney Gen-
eral, and why also they should not he subjected
to the same duty that it is proposed to impose
upon the heads of the other Departments by the
second section, to wit, to attend the sessions of
the House to answer such questions as may be
put to them relative to the business in their re-
spective Departments.
The resolution, as reported, contains two sec-
tions. The first provides—
That the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the
Seqretary of the Interior, the Attorney General, and the
Postmaster Genera), fehall be entitled to occupy s>eats on
the floor of the House of Representatives, with the right
to participate in debate upon matters relating to the busi-
ness ol their respective Departments, under such rules as
may be prescribed by the House.
The second section provides—
That the said Secretaries, the Attorney General, and the
Postmaster General, Khali attend the sessions of the House
of Representatives, immediately on the openingofthc sit-
tings on Mondays and Thuisdays of each week,to give m-
loimation in reply to questions which may be propounded
to them under the rules of the House.
It will be seen that the resolution by its first
section extends a privilege to the heads of tho
Executive Departments which they do not now
enjoy; that is, to occupy, seats on this floor and
to participate, to a limited extent, in the debater
of the House, that limitation being confined to
matters which relate to the business of their re-
spective Departments. The other section imposts
on them the duty to attend the sittings of the Hou.su
on Mondays and Thursdays in each week, to an-
swer such questions as may be propounded to
them, in accordance with .the rule, relating to the
business of their respective Departments.
The first question that naturally presents itself
in considering this resolution, is whether there is
anything in the Constitution conflicting with ii;
and the next is whether, if we have the power t- 
pass the resolution, it is expedient to do so. The
House will perceive that it is not contemplated to
confer any other privileges on, or vest any other
rights in, those officers than the right to occupy
seats on the floor, and to participate to a limned
extent in the debates. It confers no other right
of membership on these executive officers. The
Congress has exercised, ever since the organiza-
tion of the Government, the same power which
it is proposed to exercise in this instance. Con-
gress confers on persons who come here claiming
to represent Territories, aright to scats. It u!ku
extends the privilege of the floor to those who
come to contest the seats of sitting members. It
gives to Delegates the right of participating in de-
bates, and to contestants the right of speaking to
the question in which they are interested.
On the 2d day of September, 1789, Congress,
in the law creating the Treasury Department, pro-
vided expressly that it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to make report and
give information to either branch of the Legis-
lature in person or in writing, as he may be re-
quired, respecting all matters referred to him by
the Senate or House of Representatives, or which
shall appertain to his office. The committee saw
no constitutional objection to this proposed meas-
ure. It saw that the measure harmonized with
the action of previous Congresses since the for-
mation of the Government. While the .Secietary
of the Treasuty stands bound to appear here at
the call of the House and ^ive infoimation, when
interrogated, ys to the business relating to his De-
partment, the committee saw no reason why the
same duty should not be imposed on the other
heads of Departments. The committee thought
also that it was just to those officers, while they
were required to attend here at specified times
and for specified purposes, that there should be ■
