1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 28,
resemblance to a charity. It bears no more re-
semblance to the box of the poor, or the Eucharist
upon the communion table, than a hawk does to
a fiand-saw. What is a charity ? A charity is
that which is voluntarily given away without con-
sideration, for the support and maintenance of the
poor. I suppose there is no other institution in
the country that is so dissimilar to a charity asa
bank.
1 understand that even in New England, from
the letters which have been read, the rich and the
strong and the powerful have no compunctions
. of conscience about taxing these institutions.
Have you exempted them yourselves? The let-
ter read by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut showed they are taxed there; the letter
read by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts showed they are taxed there. 1 do not know
■whether the little State of Rhode Island, with its
enormous fortunes and its immense accumula-
tions of wealth, taxes them or not, butsurely they
are taxed m Massachusetts and taxed in Con-
necticut.
M r. SPRAGUE. They are not taxed in Rhode
Island.
Mr. COWAN. Iam very glad to hear it. I
think it is creditable to the gentlemen of Ilhode
Island that they do not tax the earnings of their
sewing girls and their poor.
Mr. SPRAGGE. We try to i nduce them to
deposit their funds in savings banks.
Mr. COWAN. That is all righ t. I can un-
derstand why people living in the neighborhood
of these hanks,and knowingexactly their charac-
ter, may be disposed to make an exception in then-
favor; but here, where we do not know their char-
acter, and where in all their principal features they
resemble other banks which we have taxed, I do
not see the force of this exemption.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. Draw your line, exclude this de mini-
mis about which you think the law ought not to
care; but we do not want to exempt large banks,
banks of large deposits, banks where the rich
take_ ad vantage of tins scheme for the purpose of
putting into circulation the surplus money of the
country, because 1 suppose that is the reason of
it. New England is thrifty, New England is
economical, and she knows that if there is a par-
cel of loose coppers about it is better for the com-
munity to gather them up into a savings bank
and distribute them about for the purpose of
making them active capital. If they are so small,
draw the line, cut them out, and let us tax the
other savings hanks, in Pennsylvaniaand in New
York and elsewhere, which ought to be taxed.
I am told that in some of the States, if you go
into one of the towns and see the finest building
on the street, and inquire what it is, they will tell
you it is the savings bank. I do not know whether
that is the case in New England or not, but it is
in some of the Slates. Should not that institu-
tion be taxed? And yet, under this exclusion,
that bank would be exempted.
Air. COLLAMER. i will detain the Senate
but a moment. As to the deposits in these hanks,
1 think the sums aregenerally very small, lean
merely say that if rich people do deposit in them,
they are taxed on their income. They do not
escape taxation by putting their money there,
because they pay upon whatever they do get.
Therefore, that is no reason.
Mr. H EiNDEtlSON. At the last session, when
this subject was up, I took occasion to look into ]
the figures and to ascertain what would be the'
result of this exemption, i stated then, and li
state again, and I take pleasuie in stating, that I i
would vote fur this proposition if [ (bund all the '
savings banks in this country of the character'
represented by the Senator from Veimont, and j
of the character that they seem to be in his own 1
State. When I come to iook at that gallant little
State, I find that it has forty savings banks, with I;
a deposit of $1,712,251. There are forty banks, i
making about $40,000 to each bank. 1 suppose !;
that the institutions there are strictly and Uuly •!
what he icpresents thern to be. I regret very ;|
mueh that I have to vote for a proposition that ■
taxes them at all; but I desire to call that Sena-
tor's attention to the difficulty that will be in the ;;
way of following his lead upon this subject. 1
Whilu he is seeking to exempt the earnings of a ;
few poor in his own State, { apprehend that the i
result will be to exempt a very large amount of 1
capital in other States. I do not desire to impose
any tax that will be burdensome on the poor. I
do not desiie to impose a tax such as he thinks
this tax will be; but I differ with him materially
in regard to the character of the tax. In the
little State of Rhode Island I find that there are
$9,945,867 on deposit. Each depositor in the sav-
ings banks there has $263 to his credit. I take the
number of depositors and I take the amount they
have on deposit and 1 find that each man on an
average has $263. That does not look to me that
it is a u mite" society; it does not look to me
that it is-an institution where the poor drop in ten
cents, as represented by the Senator from Ver-
mont. That is a very large average for the de-
posit accounts of banks of circulation throughout
this country. Take the banks of issue in the
State of Rhode Island; in 1863 those banks had
on deposit only $5,594,394.
Mr. COLLA.MER. That is because they do
not pay anything on deposits.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I submit to the
Senator from Vermont, what is the object of
making a deposit in a bank ? Say for instance,
I have §263; or i will take his own State. Every
depositor in the State of Vermont has $155 to-day
in the savings banks. Does the Senator know
it? Every depositor has to his crediton an average
$155, a very large average for deposits in banks
of issue. Suppose that 1 have $155, and I choose
to deposit it in a bank of deposit and circulation.
Why do I do so? It is because 1 am doing my
business at hank. I expect to get discounts at
that bank, and I expect to patronize the institu-
tion. If I do not give them my deposit, can I
expect when I want paper discounted to get it
done? How is it with persons who deposit in
savings banks ? They expect to realize a benefit.
What is that benefit? They expect the money
is to be loaned, and they wilt receive dividends.
But the re is another class of institutions in this
country referred to by the Senator from Ohio
who is at the head of the committee. I refer to
the banks. The difference between a trust bank
and a savings bank, as I understand, is this: a
trusb bank is a bank \*fith capital; individuals p-o
and subscribe capital and the bank receives de-
posits and agrees to pay a stipulated sum upon
deposits, loans the deposits out or discounts upon
them, buys bills of exchange, &c. Their profits
consist in the difference of interest that they realize
over and above what they pay. Not so with a
savings bank; a savings bank is a mutual insur-
ance company where all the parties unite to-
gether and agree to elect officers, and by those
officers to loan the money, and the officers them-
selves keep their deposits there too, loan the
money, and divide the amount they receive in the
shape of dividends. I undertake to say there is
no difference; and if deposits are to be taxed in
one bank they ought to be taxed in another bank.
I cannot for my life see the distinction.
I feel the weight of the remarks made by the
Senator from Vermont, but J do not think they
are founded injustice. He compares this to a
tax on the communion plate. The Senator has
a peculiar way of saying those things that no
other Senator has. He can say them with a force
and a power that sinks into our hearts and makes
us almost actually believe that we are digging
down into the grave, tearing up the coffin ofsome
dead man and taxing it. it is not so.
The Senator fiom Connecticut asks, why do
this thing? and he says the savings banks take :
the money they receive and deposit it with banks
of deposit and circulation until they want to use
it. L*t me refer to the Senator's own State. In
1863 Connecticut had forty-nine savings banks
with deposits to the amount of $23,446,936,and
each depositor had $227, a very large average.
How much had the banks of circulation in Con-
necticut on deposit at that time ? Eight million
eight hundred and ninety thousand two hundred
and thirty-seven dollars, only about one dollar for
every three in the savings banks. The argu-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut falls to the
ground; the savings banks did not take their
money and redeposit it in banks of deposit and
circulation.
In New Hampshire twenty-seven savings banks
had a deposit account of $6,560,308, while'the
banks of circulation in 1863 had but$l,725,866 on
deposit in 1863, there being nearly four times as
much in the savings banks as in the banks of cir-
culation. How is it in Massachusetts, where there
are ninety-three savings banks? I am willing to
exempt the million and a half of money m Ver-
mont, if the Senator fiom Vermont will confine
the exemption to his own State; but how is it
with Massachusetts? The Senator from Massa-
chusetts read a letter from some savings bank
gentleman, 1 suppose  
Mr. SUMNER. 1 beg the Senator's pardon;
from one of the revenue collectors of the United
States.
Mr. HENDERSON. lie is a very nice gen-
tleman indeed.
Mr.SUMNER. He is.
Mr. HENDERSON. In Massachusetts, with
ninety-three savings banks, the deposit account
is $50,404,623, or over half a million each, and
yet you ask us to exempt the whole. The de-
posits in all the other banks in Massachusetts
are $37,471,133/ The savings banks in that State
have $13,000,000 more of deposits than all the
other banks in Massachusetts. And you ask us
to exempt all of it, and a collector of revenue
writes here asking Congress to do this thing. I
think he ought to be removed, and if the Senator
will just give his name 1 w ill join willingly and.
freely to have him removed.
In New York there are seventy-five savings
banks, with $76,538,183 of deposits. Do you
want us to exempt all that? In that State, con-
trary to the rule in the New England States, the
banks of issue and circulation had a larger deposit
account than the savings banks, having $200,-
824,776. But why exempt the $76,000,000 de-
i posited in savings banks?
j I have only looked to the statistics of the six
! New England States and New York; and in those
seven States I find a deposit account of $169,000,-
000 in the savings banks, and the Senator from
Vermont says a tax on that money is taxing the
communion plate, is taxing the grave, is taxing
the poor. The savings banks thioughout the
country must have not less than from three to
four hundred million dollars on deposit, and we
are asked, in the name of poverty and of human-
ity and of mercy and of kindness to the poor,
to relieve them all from taxation. If the Sena-
tor from Vermont would merely propose to ex-
empt his own State, to just such banks there as
he represents them to be, I do not know but that
1 should vote with him. I would rather vote
with him than to have the excoriating power of
his voice falling on my ear whenever I rise to
oppose this proposition. I can hardly bear it.
1 was not able to bear it at the last session, and
had to yield. At this session 1 am not disposed
to do so. I find that we can get a million and a
half or two million dollars from this source, and
the small, pitiful sum that Vermont will pay ought
to induce the Senator to let it pass.
In regard to the profits made, I have not now
the statistics before me, but i can state to the
Senate that I examined the matter thoroughly at
the last session, and i undertake to say that the
profits made on these deposits are as great as the
profits made in any of the banks in the United
States; and in many cases much larger.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator tell us who
gels those profits?
Mr. HENDERSON. The depositors.
Mr. HOWE. Are they not taxed for them?
Mr. HENDERSON. Am I not taxed on my
money when I make a deposit in a bank of cir-
culation? Am 1 not taxed in every shape and
style that a man can be taxed ? The Senator asks
me if the depositors in a savings bank are not
taxed. They ought to be taxed. What is the
difference whether a man deposits his money in
one bank or another? He always deposits, ex-
pecting to get some benefit from it in some way,
does he not ? If he deposits in a bank of circula-
tion, he expects to be accommodated by having
his note discounted when he wants money, or
expects to get a bill of exchange on time or at
sight on fair terms whenever he wants it. He
always expects to be remunerated for the benefit
he confers on the bank by making his deposits
with it. No man makes his deposits with an
institution without expecting to be benefited in
some way.
Mr. HOWE. But when a man deposits his
money in a bank of circulation that deposit is
not taxed to him, it ia taxed to the bank, because
the bank has the benefit of it.
