422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
or want of cleverness in explanation, so that a
good cause may be sacrificed by forcing the client
to become his own advocate. Legal gentlemen
here, with strong partisan predilections, may de-
sire to put a Cabinet to which they are opposed
to the torture of a cross-examination, not for the
single purpose of eliciting substantial informa-
tion, but to gratify the passion of prosecutors,
and to figure in frequent petty impeachments.
On the other hand, a Secretary may wield a
large measure of persuasive power, and thus
gloss and carry measures devoid of those solid
merits upon which alone they ought to stand.
Such a Secretary would be dangerous as a leader,
or rather as a misleader.
It majr be argued that the scheme would keep
men of inferior capacity out of office. If this
could be assured, it would certainly be a strong
argument in favor of the measure. It is my be-
lief, however, thatincapacity would be more apt
to fold itself and its victims in the suffocating
embrace of unscrupulous patronage or to hide
itself in nimble words and flippant rhetoric. Un-
fortunately, executive ability and knowledge of
mankind, such as guaranty the selection of the
best instrumentalities for the accomplishment of
* great purposes, are not always found in connec-
tion with eloquence or with readiness in debate.
Some ancient orators, not to mention any mod-
ern, were disgraced when they took the field, and
we may well doubt whether they would have suc-
ceeded any better as national financiers. Albert
Gallatin was no debater, but he was one of our
most succcssful Secretaries of the Treasury. Jef-
ferson wasagreat man,buton this floor he would
have been overmatched by Mike Walsh. Exec-
utive ability, the mastery of great principles as
well as of minor details, coupled with knowledge
of affairs and of men,is as rare as the possession
of genius or the power of magnetism in debate,
and we have to regret that it is a quality among
our countrymen now more desirable than abun-
dant.
The evils experienced in Great Britain in the
practice of this measure, the worst part of which,
when all parts are bad, we are now asked to
copy, have been so great that the number of the
Cabinetallowed seats in Parliamenthas been more
lhan once reduced and limited. The goal of Brit-
ish ambition is the Cabinet. If men of mark are
assembled there, yet the bulkof such men appear
to shun the House of Commons; the place is too
tame, and its glory is disappearing. Bright and
Cobden almost alone represent the greatcommon-
ers, the Chathams, Foxes, and Burkes.
When we build up the Executive Departments
of oxvr Government let us not do it at the expense
of the Representatives of the people.
If we look at the details of this bill, and the
practices, voluntary and compulsory, that will be
generated by it, these will be found no less ob-
noxious than its fundamental principles.
Section first of the bill, as reported, gives the
right to all the Secretaries and members of the
Cabinet to occupy seats in this IIouso, and to par-
ticipate in the debates under such rules as may
be proscribed by the House, and these rules may
of course be modified at any time according to
the pleasure of any accidental majority.
Section second requires that they shall abso-
lutely attend the sessions of the l-Iouse immedi-
ately on the opening of the sitting on Mondays
and Thursdays of each week to j;ive information
in reply to questions which may be propounded
to them under the rules of the House.
Thus it is proposed to change the rules of the
House at the start of this new programme, so
that the first business on Mondays and Thurs-
days shall be to consider the resolutions and ques-
tions of which any member shall have given no-
tice, to the exclusion of ail other business. It is
also provided that the mover of the resolution or
question may state succinctly the object and scope
of his resolution and the reasons for dcsiiing the
information, and such arguments, opinions, and
facts as may be necessary to explain his ques-
tions. The Secretaries are to reply—but suppose
they refuse, what then?—giving the information
or the reasons why the same should be withheld,
stating facts and opinions so far as maybe neces-
sary to explain the matter; and then, withoutfur-
ther debate, the House is to vote on the resolu-
tion, unless it shall be withdrawn. The amend-
ments to the rules are put in the form of a negative
pregnant—that no more than this shall be done—
and the logical conclusion and ruling would be
that so much might be done and would be in or-
der.
Any one tolerably conversant with such rules
knows the latitude of debate which would spring
up or could be achieved with such nominal re-
strictions, and that a fair parliamentarian would
be able to give utterance to all he might desire
without let or hinderance. Should it turn out
otherwise, the rules would be changed or the de-
cisions of the Speaker overruled. Except when
answering to resolutions or questions, the Sec-
retaries, upon business relating to their Depart-
ments, are to have the same latitude of debate
enjoyed by members of the House, and would
of course be liable to be interrupted by questions
even without the three days5 notice. Any bill
containing a charge upon the Treasury could be
debated by the Secretary of the Treasury; any
proposed law whatever would be open to the At-
torney General; and thus no matter of legislation
could come up where the Executive Departments
might not actively interfere. Even now, our
"resolution days," so called, though often con-
venient, coming upon every alternate "Monday—
to say nothing of suspension day—are subject to
great abuse, and are used by all parties more or
less for the classic purposes of Buncombe. Old
members on both sides of the House feel that
these days are, as to legislative objects, mainly
wasted, and they hail an early adjournment as
a relief. It is here that smart gentlemen bring
in cunningly-worded resolutions to obtain the
weather gauge of their opponents—such resolu-
tions as one party may swallow and such as an-
other party must not refuse,butwhich,like Mac-
beth 'a amen, will stick in the thioat. It is the
perpetual enteitainmcnt of the fox and stork—
dishes palatable to the hosts but unapproachable
by the guests.
If wo were to adopt this scheme we might there-
by throwaway eightdays every month instead of
two or four, and in this toilsome but useless labor
the partisans of the Secretaries would be driven
to a ceaseless activity, equal to and as conspicuous
as that of their opponents. Instead of attending to
legislative duties, the House would be the arena
for skillful political fencing-masteis, and the chief
interest would soon center upon these eager en-
counters, where the victors would be congratulated
and the vanquished derided.
Nor is it until after this takes place that the
House reachesany vote. Any member may offer
as many resolutions, wise or crude, as it may suit
his pleasure, or may propound as many questions,
restrained only by his sense of propriety. The
Clerk's notice-book, where all these are ^o be
entered, would soon be, in learned phrase, "a
big thing." Any malignant outsider, who could
obtain the kind services of a member willing to
ask crooked questions, might here find the high-
way of his ambition. Now, in resolutions calling
upon the Executive for information, anything friv-
olous is apt to be excluded, for we must have the
sanction of a majority, at least, of the House,
and usually the vole of the entire House is ob-
tained when the object is truly legitimate, and then
the response becomes a permanent record for all
coming time. The document remains to be exam-
ined by every member, and does not pass away
with the hour. It seems to me that this method
is by far the most satisfactory.
Again, the House is to vote, but upon what is
the House to vote? If the information sought
has been communicated, what will be left to vote
upon? And yet the resolution can only be with-
drawn by the mover. If the information has
been withheld for reasons satisfactory to the Sec-
retary, what shape is the vote to assume? Is it
to be " content" or " non-content?" Is it to be
complimentary or censorious ? The amendment to
the rules leaves all this quite in the dark. If it
was proposed to have the decision one of confi-
dence or want of confidence, and the retention or
dismissal of the Cabinet pending upon that decis-
ion, the proposition would not appear, as it now
does, so objectless. To have a vote of " content"
and yet to have the Cabinet go out, or to have a
vote of " non-content" and yet have the Cabinet
retained, would leave the position of the House
quite as ridiculous as that of the Cabinet,
It will scarcely be denied that the new practice,
if once inaugurated, would consume much valua-
ble time and greatly prolong the sessions of Con-
gress.
The information now communicated to Con-
gress,in fullness and variety,as to the annual con-
dition of public affairs, is unsurpassed by that of
any nation in the world. The President's mes-
sage, the reports of the Secretaries, and the state-
ments of the heads of all the different'bureaus, in
their elaborateness and completeness, rarely leave
anything to be desired. If anywise at fault, it is
that they are too voluminous and too minute to be
seasonably read. It might gratify some members
to have this abbreviated and given in concentrated
doses, but I submit whether, in addition to the
original sources of information, we shall institute
abridged oral communications for the gratifica-
tion of the indolently blind and halt? Let us not
be dazzled by the idea of reform when only a
change is offered, and that change the surrender
of the substance for a vain shadow.
The proposition now made was of course not
overlooked by the framers of our Constitution,
and was, as most of our people have always
thought, properly rejected, nothing having been
provided unless it be its prohibition and avoid-
ance. The power is nowhere directly granted,
and if inferentially assumed itwill be seen to be
a maladroit assumption.
It is claimed by the majority of the committee
that the power is found in the clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that the President" shall
from time to time give the Congress information
of the state of the Union, and recommend to their
consideration such measures as he shall deem
necessary and expedient." How can it be seri-
ously contended that Congress,under this clause,
can compel the attendance of the President, either
in person or by proxy, upon the sessions of either
or both Houses of Congress? He alone is made
the judge of what information or measures are
" necessary and expedient" for him to commu-
nicate, and yet it is nowproposed to make a law
by which any member of this House may dic-
tate as to the time and then bring the House to a
direct vote upon the necessity and expediency.
A clause which merely defines the duty of the
President cannot be strained into a definition of
the power and duties of Congress, ncfr will it just-
ify the admission or coercion of seven gentle-
men, ho we ver elevated in position, into this House
with all the liberty of speech which may be ac-
corded under the rules.
Washington and the elder Adams read their
annual speeches to Congress, but Jefferson did
not, and the practice has never been resumed.
This practice, however, bears no relation to that
of Cabinet ministers holding seats with the privi-
lege of participating in debate, nor more espe-
cially of being catechised in this House. This
involves principles of the utmost gravity. The
reading of a speech in person, or the sending of it
as a written communication, is a question of mere
etiquette, of no possible consequence except as a
bauble among monarchists, and properly belongs
solely to the President. It is a matter of taste and
without dignity in a constitutional argument. It
will not be pretended that the Presidentcould hold
a seat and participate in debates in our House.
How, then, can you authorize him, far less com-
pel him, to do by proxy, by sev^n agents, that
which he cannot do as principal?
Nothing, perhaps, better exhibits the straits to
which the advocates of this measure are driven
forconstitutionalauthority than the fact that they
fly from one part of the Constitution to another,
and finally alight on that which provides that
" each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings 1" That is to say, m parliamentary pro-
ceedings each House determines the rules for it-
self and its own members, not for anybody else.
Surely this clause does not confei power upon one
House to determine the rules for the proceedings
of the President, and if not upon one House cer-
tainly not upon both Houses. With equal pro-
priety, under such a latitudinarian construction,
and possibly with greater usefulness, might the
Chief Justice of the United States be compelled to
attend our sessions for the purpose of giving in-
formation and answering questions touching all
legal matters.
If it had been intended to confer upon Congress
the power to compel bylaw theattendanceof the
President's Cabinet in this House, then the power
of enforcing such a law would also have been
