1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
given. But it was not. If the Secretary should
refuse to appear, what ore you to do about it?
Can you punish him? The House can only punish
members for disorderly conduct. Would these Sec-
retaries in fact be members? If so, would their
silence be disorderly? The maximum of punish-
ment which the House can inflict is expulsion
upon a vote of two thuds of the members pres-
ent. How much punishment would expulsion be
to a recusant Secretary who had already chosen to
absent himself?
The Constitution unmistakably declares that
"no person holding office under the United States
shall be a member of either House during his con-
tinuance in office." Language more absolutely
denunciatory of this measure cannot, it appears
to me, be found, and yet it may be'said that it
does not apply in this case. If its force applies
to full membership, it cannot be parried by any
contrivance of half membership or members in
all respects save the right of voting. A member
or semi-mcmbcr cannot be hidden even in the
robes of a minister. Any Delegate from a Ter-
ritory to this House, holding office nnderthe Uni-
ted States, would, for analogous reasons, be at
once excluded.
I do not think it is going too far to say that the
project indorsed by a majority of the committee
is not warranted by anything in theConstitution,
and tins view is fully sustained by its earliest and
best expositors. The question came up in the
session of Congress in 1790—so far as the question
coulfl come up upon the admission of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for once only into the House
of Representatives—upon the question of allowing
Alexander Hamilton, Secretary of the Treasury,
to make his celebrated report upon his plan for
supporting the public credit, and, though the temp-
tation could hardly be greater fiom the pressing
nature of the subject and the emiment character
of the man, it being the discussion of measures
vital to our young Republic by the most accom-
plished Secretary of the Treasury this or any
other country has furnished, yet, upon an occa-
sion of such gravity, the House, composed of a
large number of the distinguished men who had
fmidethe American Revolution a success, and who
had based a Constitution upon its principles, re-
jected the propositionafterabriefdebate, and that
nearly or quite unanimously.
It may not be improper for me to reproduce
briefly the history of this proceeding. On the 9th
day of January, 1790,
"A letter from Alexander Hamilton, the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, was read, informing the Hou^othat ajrieeahlyto
theirrcpoluuou of the September, he had pupated
a plan for the Mippuit of the public credit, and that he was
ready to repoit the same to this House when they should
be pleased to receive it."
It was then proposed to assign Thursday, then
next, for the purpose, and Mr. Gerry moved to
add to the motion that it should be in writing.
Mr. Boudinot, the friend of Mr. Hamilton,
hoped the Secretary might be permitted to report
in person in order to answer such inquiries as the
members might be disposed to make, for it was a
justifiable surmise that gentlemen would not be
able clearly to comprehend so intricate a subject
without oral illustration.
Mr. Ames conceived it to be the duty of the
House to obtain the best information on any sub-
ject, and was willing to extend every indulgence
to the Secretary, but he wished these communi-
cations to be in writing; in this shape they would
obtain a degree of permanency favorable to the
responsibility of the office, while at the same time
they would be less liable to be misunderstood.
Mr. Ciymer thought such communications
ought to be in writing.
Mr. Benson thought we should receive the re-
port in any mannerin which it was prepared, but
had no doubt this officer, actuated by motives of
• deference and respect, will conform to any rule
the House may think proper to enjoin.
Mr. Gerry, enumerating the various topics
likely to be discussed, said:
" Can the human mind retain with any degree of decision
[precision] objects so extensive and multifauous upon a
nioio oinl communication ? Tim conoid eiation alone ought
to be sufiictentto induce gentlemen to agree to hi&piopo&i-
tiou of making the report ni writing."
The resolution for receiving the report in writ-
ing was carried in the affirmative, and, so far as
appears, without a division.
Many valuable suggestions made by Hamilton
were adopted, and his organization of the Treas-
ury Department, a monument to his forecast
and wisdom, remains with nearly all its original
features hardly touched by modern innovations.
But at the session already alluded to he made a
report as to the Post Office Department, with a
bill in conformity to it, and when the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read it a member objected to its being
read on the ground of the impropriety of execu-
tive officers being permitted to bring bills before
the House, and this objection was sustained.
This exhibits the early and inherent jealousy of
the House of executive influence in the most
earnest manner. The action was instant and de-
cisive. No such officer would now be permitted
to bring any bill directly before the House, but
it could not have been intended to foibid the draft
of a bill from being sent to committees for their
assistance in framing proper legislation, for that
would be a little too nice. If a Secretary may
unfold and uige a measure of legislation in his
official reports, it is difficult to see why he may
not submit the mere forms to a standing com-
mittee, (to be modified, adopted, or rejected,)
which will in his judgment best carry out the
substance of that legislation which he has already
recommended.
Once more this question was incidentally'dis-
cussed upon a report of a committee of the House
upon the defeat of General St. Clair, whom they
attempted to shield fiom blame, while they in-
culpated more or less the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretaries,
believing themselves to be greatly wronged, nat-
urally desired to vindicate themselves. On the
13th of November, 1792, a resolution was offered
by one of their friends notifying the Secretaries
that the subject would be taken up on aday named
to inquire into the causes of the failure, " to the
end that they may attend the House and furnish
such information as may be conclusive to the due
investigation of the matter stated in said report."
Even this was refused by the House, which
first voted to strike out all the latter part of the
resolution, and then rejected it as thus amended.
But the earnest discussion which occurred is
important, as it recoids the opinion of Madison
upon the main question now before us, and this
will be as authoritative as the opinions of any
modern statesman, or even as that of learned
scholiasts. In the Annals of Congress for 1792,
page G80, it is reported as follows:
"Mi. Madison objected to the motion on constitutional
crouiuK, and as being oontiaiy to the piaetiee ot the House.
He had not, lie said, thoroughly revolved the matter m his
own ntmd, and theietore wa* not prepated to state lulty
the effects, which would iCMilt fiom the adoption of the
resolution ; hut he would hazaul thu* much, that it would
lb mi an innovation in the mode of conducting the bu^l-
ne^jof thi? Hou-«e, and intioducea precedent which would
lead to peipie.Mitg and embarrassing con^ecjuences; as it
involved a conclusion, in lespect to the principles ot the
Government, winch at an earlier day would have been re-
volted from. He was. decidedly in favor ot written Infor-
mation."
I ask gentlemen to mark the emphasis of his
conclusion. " It involved" said he, " a conclu-
sion, in respect to the principles of the Govern-
mentywhirh at an earlier day," only five years after
the date of the Constitution, " would have beenre-
voltcd from. He was decidedly in favor of written
information."
The two cases cited arc believed to be the only
ones where Congress has acted on the question of
giving the Cabinet any share of the privileges of
members of the House. For more than seventy
years there has been no attempt to bring about
any change of this character. The House has
neither sought to nominate or control the Cabinet
of the President, nor has it exhibited any dispo-
sition to diminish its own importance by sharing
its privileges with the President's nominees and
be by them controlled. No ambitious minister
has suggested the idea, and where Hamilton twice
knocked at the door and was twice refused no
others need apply.
Some commentators upon the Constitution have
so high regard for the opinion of Hamilton that
they even love his faults and stand always with
their armor riveted on ready to do battle in be-
half of even his most doubtful opinions. But be-
cause he desired a little more power when he was
Secretary of the Treasury, and perhaps deservedly
wielded a greater influence than any other man at
the seat of Government, it will not be pretended
, that an opinion born at such a time is entitled to
more weight than that of the framers of the Con-
stitution, including Madison, its acknowledged
father; nor will it be pretended that it should have
the effect of changing the settled and uniform
practice of the House.
It is true that some examples can be cited in the
earlier days of the first term of Washington when
he went to the Senate in person to make oral com-
munications and was accompanied by his Secreta-
ries, or one of them went in lieu of the President.
This practice commends itself when we under-
stand that he and they went on executive business
solely, and it is wholly irrelevant to cite such exam-
ples as precedents for the scheme now presented.
The advice and consent of the Senate under the
Constitution must be obtained for appointments
to office and for the ratification of treaties. The
Senate is an executive body, as well as a legis- v
lative, and in its capacity as such Washington,
with rare modesty not only sought its consent,
(all that is ever now done,) but in person often
sought its advice in advance of his own action.
Generally, whenever he desired immediate action,
he went in person to the Senate, and when other-
wise, he made his communications in writing. If
he took his Secretary of War or Secretary of
State with him, it was, let it be remembered, be- *
yond being mostrespectful and useful, long prior
to the introduction of private secretaries. The
Senate had been expected by many to be a per-
manent body, ready at all times to give its advice.
Having almost loot its advisory character, it has
industriously increased its importance as a debat-
ing and legislative branch of the Government. I
know of no examples where the President or the
head of any executive Department ever partici-
pated in person in the proceedings of the House
or in the Senate except upon purely executive
business, but when it was partially attempted it
was opposed, by such men as Madison, on con-
stitutional grounds, and defeated.
Our fathers looked with jealousy upon the in-
terference of executive officers with the legislative
deliberations of Congress in either House. Their
presence here, merely as visitors, pending any
measure in which they or their Departments are
concerned, even in more recent days, as far as
my observation reaches, has always been looked
upon with so much healthy aversion that it has
more often injured than aided the progress of the
measure.
The Executive Mansion, and other executive
buildings, as is well known, were placed at one
end of the city, while the Capitol was placed at
the other, avowedly to avoid executive influence
and to escape any encroachment upon legislative
deliberations. Under the Manual it would be a
breach of our privileges to state the views of the
Executive upon any pending measure, save where
it has been officially and openly communicated in
writing; and now it is pioposed to reverse all this,
and have all the members of the Cabinet here ali
the time, if they choose, and semi-weekly, at any
rate, to whisper in our ears some indication of
the will of the Executive. We are to have this
influence forever on the alert, not through one,
but seven of the representatives of the Executive
in this House—influential by position,character,
patronage, and power—and these possibly here-
after to be increased, according to British prece-
dent, so as to include the under or Assistant Sec-
retaiies! It should be remembered that British
ministers hold their places in the House of Com-
mons by virtue of an election, and not by appoint-
ment. They must have a constituency, and be
elected to the House of Commons, and that after
their acceptance of office, or they cannot occupy
their seats. So jealous are they, even there, that
members who receive appointments thereby va-
cate their seats,and must allow their constituents
to pass upon the question whether they are will-
ing the member should take an appointment from
the Crown and still be their representative. But
here the bald proposition is made to give certain
official gentlemen seats in this House with no
constituency whatever! A despotism or an ab-
solute monarchy might look upon it with favor;
but can a republic? Asa measure involving grave
principles—the preservation of the fundamental
privileges and independence of & republican Legis-
lature—I am persuaded we ought to give it no
countenance or support.
It may be said that the object is to ask ques-
tions for the purpose of obtaining information
