424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
•Without the formal mode now pursued of seeking
itliy a Resolution of inquiry, and that it would
-releifsft many clerks now kept, at large expense,
and employed to answer these calls. But these
ideas, if entertained, are without any foundation.
That the information could not be obtained with
any more facility is clear. No Secretary can give
terbatim from memory the contents of documents
on file in his Department, or of accounts and tabu-
lar statements in figures. Tlic scheme would not
facilitate the business of the House, or relieve any
Department from its present labors.
If we1 required the attendance, or admitted the
Presence, for instance, of the Secretary of the
'reasury, he could not be expected to discharge
the daily routine of his office, and we should have
reason to copy British precedents still further by
hiving an additional Secretary of the Treasury.
There could, be no diminution of clerks, for an
equal force would be requisite to supply the facts
and figures in detail for the use of the talking
Secretary as are now needed to furnish the pres-
entofficer before he can communicate to Congress
answers to resolutions.
' The moj-e heads or chiefs that may be created
for any service the more numerous will be the
subordinates. Civilians, as well as military men,
. magnify their offices and feel honored by the ex-
tentof theircommands. Itcan hardly bo doubled
that, insteadof lesseningthe number of employes,
it would increase them. As a matter of economy,
then, the scheme should be rejected.
It may be suggested that b^ the change pro-
posed we should have an open,face to face,com-
munication with the heads of the Executive De-
partments, instead of a clandestine, secret, and
suspicious one. I must, deny the covert allega-
tion. By the Constitution it is provided the Pres-
ident, not the Cabinet, " shall from time to time
give to Congress information of the state of the
Onion,and recommend to theirconsideration such
measures as he shall judge nccossory and expe-
dient," and this he does through the Secretaries
annually, and oftenor, when necessary, through
their reports made to him and communicated by
him to us. The Secretary of the Treasury re-
ports to us because of law to that effect and be-
cause we hold the purse-strings of the nation.
The option in the law allowed us to require it to
be donfe in person, but this the House has never
required and never permitted. All these reports
are at once printed and promulgated to us and to
the world. They are open to our scrutiny and
the criticism of ages. The President speaks by
his own authorized Secretaries. The responsi-
bility cannot be shirked. The new scheme, how-
ever, would tend in the direction of mflking these
officers responsible to the House, and to that ex-
terit relieving the President. If the Secretaries
•were of great force of character they would make
the House bend to their will. If they were weak
they would becomc the tools of a faction, or of
some artful demagogue. But the idea that any
less of secret and suspicious influence would be
exerted when anyiler opportunities of constant
intercourse should be offered, hardly requires se-
rious refutation.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus presented some of the
objections to theadmission of the President's Cab-
inet to seats in this House and to me they appear
insuperable. However lamely presented, I feel
confident the House is in no great danger of reach-
ing a wrong conclusion, as all parties have an
equal interest in the maintenance of its character
and privileges. It will retain with most respect-
ful attachment its ancient usages and bar out all
attempts to undermine its constitutional independ-
ence. It will not seek obedience where it has no
power to enforce its commands. It will never
consent to dim either in form or substance the
luster of its republicanism; and, conscious of hav-
ing been created and elected to represent the people
only, separated by fundamental law as well as by
all our most revered traditions from executive
alloy, it will not debase its original standard, no
matter whether the solicitation comes from within
or without.
Mr. COX obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BLAINE, who said: I desire to ask the
gentleman from Vermont a question, which I did
not like to address to him during the progress ef
his speech, for I always dislike to interrupt a
gentleman in the course of his remarks. I un-
derstood him to maintain, as one essential part of
his objection to this measure, that we had no
power whatever to enforce the attendance of mem-
bers of the Cabinet upon the sittings of the House,
and that the power of expulsion does not extend
to those officers; and that if it did exist against the
heads of Departments it would have no further ef-
fect than a paper pronunciamento. Now* I would
like to ask the gentleman from Vermont whether
the power of impeachment would not extend to
them?
Mr. MORRILL. Undoubtedly, if they were
guilty of any misdemeanor.
" Mr. BLAINE. In case of an absolute and con-
temptuous disobedience of law, how would it be ?
Mr. MORRILL. If this House or any officcr
of the Government imposes an unconstitutional
obligation or order on any person or officer, he
would not be bound to obey it.
Mr. BLAINE. But the law, if passed by a
concurrence of the House nnd Senate, and the
approval of the President, would be obligatory
upon the members of the Cabinet. Now, does the
gentleman from Vermont assume the ground that
a member of the Cabinet might refuse to obey the
law until a judicial test was had as to its consti-
tutionality?
Mr. MORRILL. I take the ground that neither
this House, nor Congress itself, has power, by
the Constitution, to compel the attendance of
members of the Cabinet on this floor.
Mr. BLAINE. That is begging the question
entirely.
Mr. MORRILL. And I submit that there is
no power under the rules of this House, as now
adopted, by which we could compel the attend-
ance here of those parties.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 undertake to say that if this
measure should receive the vote of the Senate
and House of Representatives, and the approval
of the Executive, it would be a law, and that,
until authoritatively decided, would be binding;
the members of the Cabinet would be bound by
it as much as you or I, or any other citizen, would
be bound bv any other law upon the statute-book.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think the question
which the gentleman from Maine proposes hag
very much rclevaney to the matter. So far as I
can learn what his views are, 1 agree with him
that the Supreme Court of the United States is
the ultimate expounder of all our laws. I think
it rests with the gentleman from Maine ffrid those
who advocate his side of the question to show
that there is any authority in the Constitution to
pass such a law; and if lie cannot show that, I
think he had much better vote against this meas-
ure than to undertake to show here how an un-
constitutional law can be enforced.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not rise to discuss the
general merits of the question at this time; but I
understood the gentleman to make the specific
point that if Congress passed this measure, the
members of the Cabinet could snap their fingers
ill the face of this House, and there is no power
here to vindicate the authority of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL. I still maintain that there is
no power in the Constitution, and no law which
now exists, by which you could compel them to
be present; and that if you pass this law the Exec-
utive may execute it or not, of course at their own
peril.
Mr. TIIAYER.- 1 would ask the gentleman
from Maine how the constitutionality of the law
is to be tried if it is violated ?
Mr. BLAINE. And I would ask if the con-
stitutional test could not be applied to this law
as it is to any other law? We have documents
brought in here upon almost every question to
prove that a pending measure is unconstitutional,
and it is proved over and over again, and yet in
defiance of that we go forward and pass the
measure into a law, and until it is passed upon
by a judicial tribunal it 19 binding; and the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont is that this
is an exception to all law.
Mr. THAYER. I do not think the gentleman
understood the force of my interrogatory. I un-
derstood the gentleman to reply to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont in regard to
the obedience which is to be given by the mem-
bers of the Cabinet to an unconstitutional law, if
this law is passed, by saying that they would be
bound to obey it until it was pronounced uncon-
stitutional. I ask the gentleman from Maine how
the opportunity to pronounce it unconstitutional
is to arise, unless the Cabinet ministers should
refuse to obey the law.
Mr. BLAINE. I turn the question upon the
gentleman himself; suppose they refuse to obey,
how are you going to make a case on either
side?
Mr. THAYER. If the power of impeachment
existed, I suppose you would proceed underthat;
and in the course of the proceeding the question
would arise and be decided.
Mr. BLAINE. Do I understand the gentle-
man to maintain that the power of impeachment
does not exist?
Mr. THAYER. I do not say it does not.
Mr. BLAINE. I say it does. The Constitu-
tion says:
" The President, Vice President, and all civil officers of
the United States, shall be removed from office on impeiiell-
ment for, and conviction uf, titMson, bribery, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors."
Now, if an absolute and contemptuous disre-
gard and defiance of law does not constitute a mis-
demeanor, what does ?
Mr. THAYER. That depends entirely upon
the constitutionality of the law.
Mr. BLAINE. Precisely.
Mr. THAYER. That is the very question in
controversy.
Mr. BLAINE. Now, let us see whether this
process of impeachmentextends to these Cabinet
officers. The Constitution says all" civil officers"
may be impeached, and members of the Cabinet
are distinctly recognized as " civil officers" in
another provision of the Constitution. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] wants to know
whether I consider the Secretary of War a " civil
officer." [Laughter.] I do not consider that a
very civil question. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I would aslc the gentleman
from Maine how the question is to be settled by
the judicial department of the Government.
Mr. BLAINE. It is to be determined by the
power of impeachment. The Constitution pro-
vides that civil officers of the Government may
be impeached, and each head of an Executive
Department of the Government is subject to im-
peachment.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that; but how
in relation to the constitutionality or unconstitu-
tionality of the law? Suppose the head of a De-
partment should decline to appear in tins House,
and proceedings intended to result in an impeach-
ment of liirn should take place, how would the
constitutionality or unconstitutionality of this act
of Congress be determined?
■ Mr. BLAINE. I will answer that question by
putting another.
Mr. WILSON. Oh,no; answermy question.
Mr. BLAINE. Suppose you impeach any
other civil officer anywhere for disobedience of
law, how will you determine the constitutionality
of the law that is disobeyed ?
Mr: WILSON. Well, take any other civil
officer. I comc back to the same question,
Mr. BLAINE. I put the same question to the
gentleman,
Mr. WILSON. Answer my question.
Mr. BLAINE. It would be done in this case
through the same medium, the same instrument-
ality that is applicable to any other civil officer.
Mr. WILSON. What is that ?
Mr. BLAINE. I would be very glad to hear
it from the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will paidon
me, did I not understand him to say that this
question must be decided by the courts of the
country ?
Mr. BLAINE. By no means. I maintain that
a member of the Cabinet who is made amenable
to a law has no more right to decide that that law
is not constitutional than you or I have.
Mr. WILSON. Then 1 make this suggestion:
suppose a Cabinet minister under the provisions
of this law should withhold his attendance here,
and proceedings should then be commenced look-
ing to impeachment, and that he should insist
that the law is unconstitutional; what tribunal is
to determine that question?
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman the same
question. I say that the process of impeachment
is as applicable to Cabinet ministers as to all other
officers. The House presents the articles of im-
peachment, and the Senate tries them. That is
the whole of it.
