•1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I only rose to reply to that single remark of
the gentleman from Vermont, and I will say in
closing, as I said at the commencement, that the
power to enforce this law when once enacted is
just as ample as the power to enforce any other
law.
Mr. COX resumed the floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentleman give
way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. COX. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. GRINNELL. Inasmuch as the Cabinet
are not expected here this evening, i move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE. %
Thursday, January 26, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior trans-
mitting a copy of the supplemental report of the
chief engineerof the Washington aqueduct,show-
ing the condition of the work and the present
state of the appropriations authorized and pro-
vided for by the act of July 4, 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
ami Grounds.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Sccrctary of War inanswer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 17th instant calling for mustor rolls
of such of the regiments as have been raised in
the State of Maryland in the present war which
were composed in whole or in part of those who
were at the time of their enlistment or draft slaves;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War communicating, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 25th instant, in-
formation in relation to the appointment of a com-
mission in each of the slave States represented in
Congress u charged to award to each loyal person
to whom a colored volunteer may owe service a
just compensation;" which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War communicating, inanswer to the
resolution of the Senate of the 22d of December,
1864, a report of the Adjutant General in relation
to volunteers called out m the State of Delaware
for thirty and for one hundred days; which was
ordered to He on the table, and be printed.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. RIDDLE presented the credentials of Hon.
Willard Saulsbury,chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Delawaie a Senator from that State
for the term of six years, commencing March 4,
1865; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson-, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed without amendment the
bill (S. No. 384) to amend an act entitled " An
act to amend and extend the charter of the Frank-
lin Insurance Company," approved the 2d of
March 1838; and also that the House had passed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Major General Philip H.
Sheridan and the officers and men under his com-
mand; and a bill (H. R. -No. 705) for the relief of
collectors and surveyors of the customs in certain
cases; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Rhode Island in favor
of the passage of the joint resolution submitting
to the Legislatures of the several States an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
abolishing slavery; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. GRIMES piesented a petition of chap-
lains in the Navy of the United States, praying
that the law regulating their pay may be so
amended as to give them the pay of the line offi-
cers with whom they rank; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of Swee-
ney, Rittenhouse, Pant & Co., praying that their
claim reported upon adversely by the Court of
Claims January 23, 1862, may be referred back
to that court for a rehearing; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Josiah
Copeland, praying an extension of his patent for
an improvement in boot crimps; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
He also presented the petition of Josiah M.
Read,praying for an extension of the patent for
an improvement in boot crimps to Josiah Cope-
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented the petition of boot manu-
factures arid crimpers of Boston, praying for an
extension to Josiah Copeland of the patcntknown
as Read's improvement in boot crimps,patented
January 20, 1844; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Orange county, New York, praying for
the passage of a law authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue duplicates of United States
bonds, certificates, and scrip which have been or
may hereafter be lost or destroyed; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of William H.
Webb, shipbuilder of New York, contractor
with the Navy Department of the United States
under date of July 3, 1862, for the construction
and equipment of the iron-clad screw ram called
the Dunderberg, praying for an additional allow-
ance on his contract; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Jane
W. Nethaway praying for an allowance of back
pay and bounty due her husband, and the pas-
sage of an act allowing her a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FARWELL. I presentresolutions of the
Legislature of Maine in favor of the abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty with the British prov-
inces. As that subject has been disposed of by
the necessary legislation, I move that the resolu-
tions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. XEN" EYCIC. I present the memorial of
owners and masters of vessels owned in whole
or in part by residents of the counties of Hud-
son and Bergen, in the State of New Jersey,
praying that the act of Congress of February 21,
18G3, by which those counties of New Jersey
were made a part of the collection district of the
port of New York, may bo so amended that the
assistant collector shall have charge of loading
and unloading vessels to and from foreign ports
and the warehousingof merchandise, and that he
be also empowered to enroll and license vessels
in the coasting trade owned in whole or in part
in those counties, and to do such other acts and
things as will promote the interests of New Jer-
sey and of the United States. I present also a
similar memorial from the city of Hoboken. I
move that these memorials be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
411) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Metropolitan Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia:" which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr, CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition of
light-house keepers in Narragansett bay, pray-
ing for an increase of salary, reported adversely
thereon, the committee deeming it inexpedient at
this time to increase official salaries.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to estab-
lish certain post roads," have directed me to re-
poit it back with amendments. The amendments
are merely verbal, and need not be printed.
Mi. POWELL. I move to take up the bill
just reported by the Senator from Vermont. It
is a matter of very deep interest to the commu-
nity generally to nave the railway completed to
which the bill refers. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of thd
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the kill
just reported by the Senator from Vermont.
there any objection?
Mr, COWAN. I object. I want to read the
bill first, and see what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill must go over under the rules.
BENJAMIN VREELAND.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Benjamin Vreeland, pray-
ing to be allowed the difference of compensation
between the pay of an assistant surgeon and that
of passed assistant surgeon from the date when
he was entitled to his examination by law to the
date of his passing Jiis examination, to report a
bill for his relief. It is a very small matter, and,
I ask for the present consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 412) for
the relief of Benjamin Vreeland, surgeon m the
Navy of the United States, was read twice and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment of $449 07, being the
difference between the compensation of an assist-
ant surgeon and a passed assistant surgeon from
May 9, 1855, to March 30, 1857.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case?
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the bill touches the
general question of increasing salaries, against
which the Senate has expressed itselfso strongly.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir. I will explain the
case. There is no written report. AssistantSur-
geon Vreeland was ordered to sea about the time
when he was entitled to an examination for pro-
motion. At the time when all the other assistant
surgeons of the same date were examined, he was
at sea and could not be examined. As soon as
he returned he was examined, and the board of
examiners testified that he would have passed the
examination at the time when he was entitled by
law to receive it, but being absent at seahecould
not appear before the board. This bill is to allow
him the pay for the advanced grade between the
time when he ought to have been examined and
the lime when he was examined. It is in strict
accordance with precedent. As these cases have
arisen occasionally,agenerallawhas been passed
covering them, but the law was not retroactive
and did not reach his case.
Mr. MORRILL. It is a gratuity.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
the law referred to by the Senator from Rhode
Island, but I know that 1 have had such cases as
this and the Senate has refused to pay them. The
case of young Dr. Suddards, of Philadelphia, I
recollect, precisely similar to this, and the Senate
refused to make the allowance, i wish that the
bill may lie over until to-morrow, so that I may
look into that law.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to that.
I am suie that if the Senator examines the case
he will find that the bill is according to precedent,
and that there is a general law now covering such
cases.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
COMMITTEE ON BANKS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over under the rule:
Headed, That there beaddud to the standinpeommiuees
of the Senate a Committee mi Hanks and Banking Institu-
tions, to consist of seven members.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 677) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide ways and means for the support of
the Government, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 18G4, to report it back without
amendment, and I ask for its present consider-
ation.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that in
lieu of any bonds authorized to be issued by the
fhst section of the act of June 30,1864, that may
remain unsold at the date of this act, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may issue, under the au-
