1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GBOB1.
as well as upon the home purchaser, so that they
ore then put on the same footing precisely, and
then after that is done they want us to say to the
home manufacturer, "If you will manufacture this
cotton in Lowell we will pay you back all the
duty we collected from you."
Mr. COLLAMER. Ifitis exported, notmanu-
factured.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, if you will manu-
facture it at Lowell and send it abroad we will
pay you back all we collected from you; but we
will not pay the Englishman who has taken it to
Manchester and manufactured it. In other words,
we pay to our home manufacturers, in addition
to the drawbacks already allowed by law, a direct
bonus or bounty of six cents a pound for all that
is manufactured in this country for foreign mar-
kets.
Mr, CLARK. The Senator should remember
that the Englishman has another kind of cotton
out of which he can manufacture the coarse goods
and drive you out of the market if you impose
that tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that point I will say I
am willing to.give to our manufacturers an amount
of drawback on raw cotton equal to the amount
of our duty on raw cotton. That puts them cer-
tainly on the same footing. I am willing to go
further. I am willing to admit this Surat cotton
free of duty, and put you precisely on the same
footing as the English manufacturer; and then I
am willing in addition to that to give you a larger
duty on the manufactured article so as to enable
you fairly to compete with foreigners.
Mr. CLARK. I want the Senator to think for
a moment whether we can tax a product so fine
as our cotton to that extent that it can be made
to compete with the coarse Surat cotton.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am willing to do anything
to put the domestic manufacturer on a footing
with the foreign manufacturer; but I am not will-
ing to put my hands into the Treasury of the
United States, and give every man who manu-
factures a pound of cotton in this country for ex-
portation six cents a pound on his exportation.
That is the result of it. I am perfectly willing
to let the present law stand, wluch gives you the
two cents a pound, which was intended asakind
of offset.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me,
that assumes that if you tax the cotton that goes
into the article to be manufactured you will not
be driven out of the market, as you undoubtedly
will.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why?
Mr. CLARK. When you tax the cotton and
manufacture taxed cotton, and attempt to export
the fabric, you will lose your entire foreign mar-
ket.
Mr. GRIMES. How much is the foreign mar-
ket?
Mr. CLARK. It has been from three to five
and six millions a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the history
of the last three years has shown that when cot-
ton was worth more than one dollar a pound the
English people came here and got all they could
of it; and when it goes down they will gladly
come here and pay the reduced price and pay the
six cents a pound to us, and carry it abroad and
' manufacture it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to disturb the
Senator in his argument; but I will ask him
whether he would take the condition of things
which has existed for three years in this disturbed
state of the market as a criterion on which to
judge of trade ? For two or three years the Brit-
ish could not get this Surat or Egyptian cotton in
any sufficient supply, and they were obliged to
take our cotton at almost any price; but now they
have got the market full of that kind of cotton,
and are under no necessity of taking ours, no
further than ours is unquestionably the belter
article.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
put the two on the same footing in the purchase
of cotton, and then give the American manufac-
turer any reasonable amount of protection for
the home consumption. 1 have sufficiently ex-
plained my purpose. My own conviction is that
it is better to let the drawback stand precisely as
it is now, to levy the increased duty on cotton,
giving the drawback of two cents a pound under
the present law. * But in order to leave the mat-
ter open I am perfectly willing that the sugges-
tion of the Committee on Finance be acted upon,
and the whole section be stricken out and the
matter left to a conference committee.
Mr. CLARK. My judgment is that at this
late period of the session the amendment of the
committee had better be adopted; and I want to
suggest to the Senator frofn Ohio that when we
laid a duty of two cents a pound on cotton we
thought it wise to put on a drawback; and now
he proposes to put on four cents additional, twice
the amount put on in the first place, and give no
drawback. It would ruin the trade.
•Mr. SPRAGUE. In this connection, I desire
to state very briefly the condition of the manu-
facture of cotton in this country. It is peculiar.
I wish every Senator to know the fact, and I state
it as a fact, that one fourth of the cotton manu-
facturing of this country at the present time is
employed and three fourths is idle. It is owing
to the taxes; it is owing to the condition of the
country; it is owing to the restricti.ons'upon the
outlet of cotton; and it is owing more, perhaps,
than to any other cause, to the restrictions in the
cultivation of cotton. The difficulties attending
its production have so increased the price that
there is not a manufacturer in the country to-day
who is willing to buy the article. Nobody can
afford to pay the price that is required to manu-
facture and to bring into market any article of
cotton. A yard of cotton cloth which afew years
ago could be purchased at five or ten cents a yard
is to-day from forty to fifty cents a yard; and
that is purchased by those people who are unable
and cannot afford to pay for the article they re-
quire. There is no article that they can use as
they can use cotton. They cannot use woolen in
certain seasons of the year. They are obliged to
use cotton.
Sir, the policy of the Governmentasexhibited
by this tax bill, is to tax an article which the peo-
ple of the country require as a necessity, and the
price of which, if produced, is beyond anything
they can purchase. The result of that policy is
that the great manufacturing interest of this coun-
try has been obliged to reduce its operations, to
my personal experience, to one fourth its usual
operations. The people of this country will not
consume the article which you tax. You would
derive more revenue from a duty of three per
cent, on cotton than you would from a duty of
five per cent, or six per cent, as you now pro-
pose. I find fault with the policy of those who
have charge of taxing the industry of this coun-
try that they do not seem to discriminate between
those articles that are subject to the conditions of
this war and those articles that are not. Here is
this article of cotton. I ask Senators to look at
it. The price of cotton has risen from ten cents
a pound up to two dollars; and still the Senate of
the United States seem to find no pleasureexcept
in continuing to tax it. It is an article that is
used by the poorest class of the people of this
country.
I have very little interest in making these sug-
gestions to the Senate. I do not careoneiota,so
far as I am personally concerned, what tax they
impose upon cotton or its manufacture. But,
sir, these increased taxes affect a class of persons
that can ill afford to pay them. The salary and
wages of the persons who wear and consume this
article, even at this time, will not permit them to
pay this exorbitant price which has been occa-
sioned by this war, by the blockake, and by the
taxes imposed by the Government.
Sir,nothing has made me tremble more, orfear
more for the safety of this Government, than the
discriminations which 1 have seen exhibited by
those who have charge of levying taxes and
duties upon the interests of the country. Such
discriminations are made and duties are imposed
on interests ill able to bear them in almost every
item of the bill under discussion. From the votes
that we havehad here this evening I have no hopes
that the industry of this country will in any way
be protected; that those who have a right to be pro-
tected, those who are poor, those who require a
cheap commodity, will in any way be regarded
here. I simply desiie to enter my protest against
this constant, this every day desire on the part of
Senators, who apparantly see but one great inter-
est to tax, and seeing no other, desire to tax that
regardless of whom it may effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rise for the purpose of ask-
ing the Senate to let us take a vote at once on these ■
various amendments. This bill has yet to go for
revision in its various features to a committee of
conference, and then when that committee have
reported, every Senator can vote for or against
the result of that report. The state of business is
such that it is almost indispensable that we should
finish this bill to-night. It must go to a commit-
tee of conference at any rate. To-morrow we
shall have the Indian bill, the civil bill, the tariff
bill, and I do not know how many others. I
therefore appeal to the Senate to let us take a vote
on these various amendments, and let the bill go
to a committee of conference, and then each Sen-
ator can act as he chooses on the report of that
committee. It is an an unpleasant mode of pro-
ceeding; it is a totally indefensible system of legis-
lation ordinarily, but we are just in that condition
that we are compelled to do this or the bill will
be lost. I shall withhold any debate myself upon
the various amendments, unless wheie explana-
tions are required, and I shall even not oppose
one or two amendments to which I am much op-
posed, especially that in relation to bank taxation,
in order to have them presented to a conferencc
committee, and then when that committee shall
submit a report every Senator can vote for or
against that report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On anyordinary measure
I would agree to the proportion of the Senator
from Ohio, buton this bill I will not. Ratherthan
submit this measure to a committee of conference
to legislate for us without the possibility of our
knowing what the law is that is to lax the peo-
ple, I will stay here day after day until we ad-
journ. Yes, sir, 1 will consider an extra session
a calamity much less than the misfortune to the
country of passing this tax bill without every Sen-
ator who desires to understand it having an oppor-
tunity to understand it. I think that the bill has
come before this body iif a very singular shape.
It is a very difficult bill to understand. We can-
not read the bill and know what it is. We must
examine the past legislation of the country, and
know to some extent the confused decisions of a
not very competent officer in the Treasury De-
partment. 1 speak of the head of the Revenue
Department of the Treasury, not of the Secretary.
Whether we can get through this bill or not to-
night, I do not choose to discuss. I will sit here
as long as it is the pleasure of the Senate to stay;
but 1 am not willing to extend this system of legis-
lation by committees of conference.
1 have a little to say about the particular ques-
tion that is before the body. I understand the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio to be to
strike out all after the tenth line of this section.
1 will ask the Senator if that is so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; but I intend to
withdraw it. I will allow it to stand so as to hear
what the Senator has to say on the subject; but I
have made up my mind to let the whole section
go out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I sup-
posed this was a bill for revenue, and not a bill
for protection; and I understood this section to be
based upon the idea that we might look to the
production of cotton in this country as a source
of revenue. The tax now is two cents per pound.
This bill for a time proposes that it shall be six
cents; that the production of cotton will justify
that tax, whatever use may be made of the cotton.
If that is the judgment of the Senate, let it be so;
but I am inclined to agree with the Senator from
Rhode island thatthis isa very tenible tax. Cot-
ton used to be produced in this country,and sold
to the manufacturer at eight cents a pound, and
then the people got clothes that they could pay
for. The Senator from Rhode Island intimatea
that the price will soon go up to such a po)nt that
the people will not be able to buy clothes. 1 do
not desire to sec that. I do not expect to vote for
this very high tax; but if it be adopted by the
Senate at six cents a pound, then upon what idea
is it adopted? That the cotton, when produced,
will bear that tax, whether sold to the foreigner,
or sold to our own manufacturer. If I under-
stood correctly the position of the Senator from
Kentucky, I do not quite agree with him.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to state my position in a word or two? It
is simply this: a drawback may be allowed upon
the export of articles upon two principles: first,
that the article is not properly subjcct to the tux
