1865.
THE C0NGIIESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
42#
regard to negro soldiers, without regard even to the
Sutes whence they come, if the rebels were to at-
tempt to make that distinction, but so far as you
can, if you can secure the exchange of one or
.one thousand, or of all, to proceed promptly to
exchange our white soldiers, and in the name of
humanity and justice restore them to their homes,
to their country, although their terms of service
may be about to expire and they will no longer
enter into your armies. This is due to the rela-
tionship between such soldiers and their country.
It is due to their patriotism. It is due to the
manner in which they have braved death in the
field and a more horrible death from disease in
the camp and the prison. It is due to them, from
alt these considerations, that this justice should
be done to them.
Mr. Piesident, I favor the proposition to send a
commissioner to the rebel authorities on the sub-
ject involved in this resolution. I am for trying
everything short of retaliation which reasonably
promises relief, before we resort to that dread
letnedy. I am for proposing to the rebel author-
ities a reasonable and just exchange of prisoners.
To any and every extent that they are willing to
enter upon that exchange, I would accept it. lie-
cause they would not exchange negro prisoners
I would make it no difficulty in the way of ex-
changing white prisoners. Because they would
not exchange white prisoners of a certain class, I
would make it no difficulty to the exchange of
white prisoners of every other class. I would
snatch every white soldier, every American pa-
triot, whose courage and love of country and of
his Government prompted-him to go to the battle-
field and .peril all in defense of the rights of his
country, from prison,and especially from such a
prison as these men are now in.
Mr. HOWE. WiH my friend tolerate me in
one moie question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. IIOVVE. If the rebels were to say to-day
that they would exchange our black soldiers and
would notexcliange ourwhite soldiers, would the
Senator be willing to effect exchanges so far?
Mr. DAVIS. I said half an hour ago that I
would.
Mr. HOWE. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. DAVIS. I said half $n hour ago, I said
twelve months ago, that 1 would, I say that it is
the light of every man, white or black, who vol-
unteeis as a soldier in the United States Army,
and who is received by our authorities as a sol-
dier, who is so unfortunate as to be taken a cap-
tive, and whose captivity is of therevoltms: char-
acter of that of which we have heard—u is the
right of that prisoner, whoever he may be and
whatever may be his color, to be delivered from
such a captivity at the earliest possible moment
in which he can be delivered, and the Govern-
ment ought to make use of every reasonable ex-
ertion in its powei to deliver all of them, one of
them, or any number of them.
Mr. President, as 1 said yesterday, I will never
give my sinerion to starving any man for any
offense, upon any imputed crime, to subserve any
purpose, the most holy that can be conceived of
by tile purest of living men. it is utterly abhor-
rent to my nature. 1 am no Christian; I wish to
God that I was; but i have been educated in a
Christian country, and I hope I have imbibed
some of the pure and benevolent teachings of
Christianity. Whether or not, it is so abhorrent
to my whole nature and soul to starve a man to
death that 1 never would give it any sanction, and
wherever I could intervene by feeding a staived
criminal, or imputed criminal, at any cost, I would
thus minister to him, whether he was black or
white, whoever he was, provided he was a man
in the shape of a human being.
But, sir, when a proper eiFort is made by our
President alone, or by our President encouraged
by Congress, to have proper exchanges made, in
whole or m part, or to any extent, and thateffort
fails, I shall be willing to take steps for letalintion;
not retaliation by torture, not retaliation by starv-
ing to death any man, officer or private, not re-
taliation upon the private soldiers, who are mere
machines with no volition, who have no mental
and ought to have no moral responsibility in the
matter,^and whose sole and stern and unfortunate
duty it is to obey orders. 1 never will consent
that a man thus circumstanced, thus acting by a
power and a force over which he can exercise no
control, shall be made responsible by the loss of
his life in any form for the wickedness and crimes
of others. But I might be willing to doom to
death the officers of the confederacy, the men of
influence and power who may be reasonably sup-
posed to exercise some control, some restraining
power, over the policy aad measures of the con-
federation—notdeath by starvation, but the mili-
tary death of being shot by a file of soldiers. I
would, however, await for the case to arise, and
I would adjudge of it in all of its circumstances.
I would not retaliate even upon the officer unless
there was a reasonable prospect of its resulting
in some essential good to our own unfortunate
prisoners. If Congress chooses to initiate a pro-
ceeding of that character, or if the President does
it of his own accord, as I conceive he has the
amplest power to do, 1 will sustain Congress or
the President in it with the little feeble support
morally or in any other form that I can give to
such a humane measure; and when that measure
has been reasonably tried, and has been found to
fail, then I will judge how far retaliation, even
upon officers, is, in my judgment, politic and hu-
mane. But that retaliation which violates the
moral sentiment of the world and the Christianity
of the age, which shocks mankind, and which
fills the universal human heart with awe and re-
vulsion,! will never consent to. It would be a
greater crime and wickedness than that of the
rebels themselves.
I will make a single remark more, and then
take my seat. We waged the war of the Revo-
lution, we waged the war of 1812, and there is
not a solitary instance of retaliation throughout
the whole course of those wars beyond confine-
ment in close prison.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a mistake.
Mr. DAVIS. Such is my recollection.
Mr. SUMNER,. That is thestatement of Chan-
cellor Ivenl.
Mr. HOWARD. lie is incorrect in that as in
some other things.
Mr. DAVhS. I know there were some En-
glish prisoners in the war of 1812 brought to Ken-
tucky and confined in the penitentiary, and that
was all the punishment imposed upon them. I
know that some of our sailois were taken from
off our decks and confined by the British, and in
retaliation we imprisoned at Worcester, in the
State of Massachusetts, some British sailors whom
we had captured and intended to hold as host-
ages. The Legislatuie of Massachusetts had pre-
viously passed a law allowing the United States
the use of its penitentiaries and jails for the im-
prisonment of prisoners. Butalthough those En-
glish prisoners weie held as hostages for the safety
of our own citizens who had been dragged from
undorourllagand from ourown decks, and whom
the English authoiities weie threatening to exe-
cute as tiaitois, although those prisoners were
held for that purpose, commending itself to the
heart and reason and patriotism of every man,
the Legislature of Massachusetts at once passed
a law directing the prison-keeper to discharge
those prisoners, and they were discharged and
went into the British provinces. And thai Legis-
lature, furtheimore, passed a law prohibiting the
use of the prisons of Massachusetts to the Gen-
eial Government for any such puipose, and di-
rected peremptorily,andifl recollect aright, under
a penalty, that whenever any such prisoners,taken
captive from the English, should be confined by our
authoiities, civil or military, in Massachusetts
prisons, they should be discharged by the prison-
keepers. Wow, as to the question of fact, I will
read from Chancellor Kent:
" Vuttel «ppak* of leialiation a* a sad extremity, and it
i« frequently threatened without boing put m execution,
ami probably without the intention to do n, and m hopes
that lV;u w ill opeiate to jp.-mini the enemu In-tances of
KJsolution-> to jeuliateon innoeent pii^oner>* of war oc-
cuired ni tins countiydunng the revolutionaij war :i- well
a-.ihirm<j the waroi 1812, hut then; was no instance in wlueh
retaliation, Ix-jond the jnea.-uie <>i severe confinement,
took placi in ie.-{H'Ct to pn->onen* ol war.5'
To sustain this he refers to the Journals of Con-
gress and vanous other authoiities. The same
author says also m repaid to war:
'•'There a hkiiivc.i difL'r<-u^e in the light of war ear-
ned on by land and at sea. The object o. a iii.mtime war
i- the deraiuetion of the enenn *M'oiiim"rei,and navigation,
in ord< r to weaken and de Lro\ the ioundatMii-ot hi - naval
potter The capture ot t1 "->tiuetion or piivate property 13
ewntia! to th it end, and it i-> allowed in matitime uat- by
the law and ptaetiee ot nations. Lint tiiete aie great limi-
tations imposed upon the operations ot war by land, though
depredations upon private property and despoiling and piuft*
dermg the enemy's territory are still too prevalent, espe-
cially, when i he wai isasstsfid by irregulars. Such conduct
has been condemned in all ages by the wise and virtuous,
and it is usually severely punished by those commanders
of disciplined troops who have studied war as a science
and are animated by a seu&e of duty or the Jove of fame.
We may infer the opinion of Xenophon on this subject
(and he was a warrior as well as a plulosopliei) when he
states in the Cyroptedia that Cyrus of JPer i& gave orders
to his army when marching upon the enemy's borders not
to distuib the cultivator of the soil; and there hove been
such oidtnances in modern times for the protection of in-
noccntaml pacificpuisuit-s. Vattel condemns veiy strongly
the spoliation of a country without palpable necessity; and
lie speaks with a just indignation ot the burning of the
Palatinate by Turenne, under tin' cruel instructions ol Lou-
vois, the war minister of Louis XIV. The general ut-age
now is not to touch private propeity upon land without
making compensation, unless in special cases dictated by
the neeessaiyopciation&of war,oi whencaptured in places
eatried by stoim, and which repelled all the overtuies for
a capitulation. Contributions arc sometimes levied upon
a conquered country in lieu of confiscation of propeity,
and as some indemnity for the expenses ol maintaining
order and aft'oiding protection. If the conqueror goes be-
yond these limits wantonly, or when it is not clearly indis-
pensable to the just purposes of war, and seizes private
piopeity of pacific persons for the sake of gain, and destroy*
private dwellings or public edifices devoted to civil pur-
poses only, or makes war upon monuments of art and mod-
els of taste, be violates the modem usages of wai, and is
sure to meet with indignant resentment, and to be held up
to the general scorn and detestation of the world."
The laws of war have been gradually growing
more humane for centuries, and they are more
humane in the present age, in principle and ac-
cording to the general practice of nations, than
they have ever been before. The laws of war,
and especially the law of retaliation, as I said
yesterday, are ameliorated by the sentiment of
this Christian and enlightened age, and it is a
noble monument of the advancing enlightened
philanthropy and Chiistiamty of this day of the
world that the horrors, even of the laws of war,
aie thus being mitigated. Instead of our Con-
gress repudiating the maxims and the practices
of the century, and going back to the bloody code,
the barbarous and inhuman practices of more than
a century ago, even in this great civil war, it bet-
ter becomes us to advance fuither and further in
this noble progress that mankind has been making.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it seems to
have been the effort of the Opposition, in the com-
ments which they have made upon the resolution
now before the Senate, to make the Administra-
tion odious for not having perfected and carried
out a system of exchange of prisoners with the
rebels, and in that manner to have liberated our
countrymen in their hands as prisoners of war.
Instead of meeting the question fairly, upon its
own meuts, and upon the facts clearly in proof
in the case, it seems to me they iather attempt to
use the occasion as one for the promotion of party
purposes, and for the purpose of assailing the
Administration.
I do not wish, upon such an occasion as this,
to imitate their example. 1 shall take it forgranted
that the Administration have done all in their
power, all that could be required of them by the
laws of war and by their duty to their country,
to establish and carry out. a system of exchange
for the purpose of such liberation. 1 will not
stand here to accuse them of the atrocious crime
(for it would be a crime if they had committed it,
or if it had been committed,) of permitting our
soldiers to remain in the cruel custody of the
iebe!s for some puipose other than the public
good, for some purpose not authorized by their
duty to their country. I shall presume in this
discussion that the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment have at least tried faithfully to do their
duty to the country, and that if they have failed
in bringing about this exchange and the liberation
of our pusoncrs m rebel hands, they have inno-
cently failed, and failed upon such principles as
justify their conduct before their country and be-
ifoie the world.
But, sir, I rose more particularly to pay a mo-
ment's attention to some observations made by
the Senator fiom Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] the
other day, upon this subject. The Senatortrom
Indiana,enieitainmg, as he told us,a very strong
doubt as to the weight of the testimony which I
took the trouble to lay before the Senate, and de-
nying that the present occasion is one for the cx-
ciciso ol' retaliatory measures against the rebels,
tells the Senate that the only authority Irom the
hooks which ho has read " condemns what the
Senator from Michigan proposes;" that is, what
