1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1197
I am as much opposed to this form of legislation
as the Senator from Illinois, and if I ever boasted
of anything—and I do not know if I ever said it
before—it is this: during the last Congress that
I was a member of the House of Representatives
no appropriation bill ever wentto a committee of
conference with a substantial disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, but every appropriation
bill was passed at least one day before the close
of th# session, and was signed by President Bu-
chanan within full twenty-four hours before the
close of the session; and not one was closed in
the midst of a night sessioirin the House ofRep-
resentatives. I speak of the last two sessions
that I was a memberof the House of Representa-
tives. The business was in that condition that
we closed every bill of an important character
without a committeeof conference that amounted
to anything at all, and ail the amendments in the
third degree were considered in both the Senate
and the House. The reason was that the busi-
ness was sent to the Senate at an early stage of
the session.
But that is not the condition in which we are
now placed. We have got to take things as they
are. It is no use for us to find fault, orgrumble,
or growl. Tins bill was sent to us within two
weeks of the close of the session. Prom the very
day and hour that the bill was received the Com-
mittee on Finance went to work, and we worked
consecutively sixteen hours out of the twenty-
fbur (at least I did myself) to prepare the bill for
the consideration of the Senate. It was brought
up here, and it is now here. The Senate are im-
patient. We are threatened with a long debate.
They are not willing to sit it out to-night; and if
we come here to-morrow and commence with this
bill at eleven or twelve o'clock we shall waste all
day to-morrow upon it. Theie are but three days
left of this session. We have the loan bill behind,
'which is indispensable, and to which this bill
must give way. We must take up the loan bill
and act upon that. .We have the legislative ap-
propriation bill laden down, as the Senator from
Illinois says, by appropriations that we never
saw before, and some of which we have rejected
twice over; and yet they are put on in the House
in the third degree. The civil and miscellaneous
bill, or the omnibus bill, has not even passed the
House of Representatives, and I suppose is going
thiough its first reading to-night, and it is not
here. It is not the fault of the Senate. I will
say that no appropriation bill has remained in
this body two weeks without the full considera-
tion and action of the Senate, so that there is no
delay here.
The question now is whether we will allow this
tax bill to be defeated on account of the press of
business on the Senate, or whether we shall take
the only mode that is left to save it. I never
would propose this mode of legislation did I not
believe that there was a necessity for it. I dislike
committees of conference as much as the Senator
from Illinois. I think it a bad system of legislation;
but we are m this condition: to-morrow morning
this bill must give way to the bill to provide ways
and means to carry on the Government, the loan
bill, and then the appropriation bills will be crowd-
ing upon us; and I am afraid one or two of them,
especially the Indian appropriation bill, which is
fifty-three pages long, and is ready for the con-
sideration of the Senate, will be loaded down with
a large number of amendments likely to excite
debate. In this condition of the business of the
session, I do not see any other way but for Sen-
ators to let this bill go to a committee of confer-
ence, and then let every Senator decide upon his
responsibility to vote for or against the report of
that committee. A majority of the Committee on
Finance have reported in favor of striking out the
fifth section. I think it is wrong; but I am will-
ing to forego any expression of opinion for the
present, and let it go to the conference committee
with that section stricken out. Ifany Senatorshall
consider the action of the committee on that sec-
tion so importantas to induce him to vote against
the bill, as a matter of course he will do so; and
he will do so whether we spend one day or one
hour in talking about it. I trust, therefore, and
so far as i can I shall insist, that we shall take a
vote on these various propositions and act on them.
I will not discuss the matter any further myself.
Mr. CONNESS. If all other .propositions re-
main in doubt or involved doubt, there is one
that appears clear to my mind, and that is, that
the consumption of hours in this kind of debate
should not be continued. Everything that the
honorable Senator from Illinois has stated is
known to us all. We all deprecate what he dep-
recates as much as he can; but as the chairman
of the Committee on Finance says* there is a
condition of things before us, and it is our bounden
duty to use the time that we have with the great-
est possible economy. Therefore there is but one
of two courses to take: the one now suggested by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, or to go on taking the yeas and nays and
voting upon these propositions without debate,
agreeing that we will not debate them. We will
vote as intelligently if we take that course as if
we debate them over and over again. I trust, sir,
that we shall remain here and dispose of this bill
to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask the Senator from
California to give way to allow me to introduce
a resolution, that I think every Senator here will
see the importance of, that it may be passed unan-
imously.
By unanimous consent the resolution was re-
ceived and considered, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring.) That the JCth and JTtli joint rules of the two
Houses be suspended for the residue of the present ses-
sion.
Mr. COWAN. I doubt very much whether
that resolution should be adopted. Agreat many
of us have not made our speeches yet. [Laugh-
ter.] I should like to hear those rules read.
Mr. CLARK. I will read them:
"16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall be
sent for concurrence to the othei on either of the last three
days of the se^ion.
u 17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representative^ and Senate shall he presented
to tlie President of the United States for his approbation
on the last day of the session."
We always have to suspend these rules at the
close of a session.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to have one ad-
ditional feature added to that resolution,and that
is, that when speeches are to be made, they be
made to the point, not upon some general subject
connected with the stablishment of the Govern-
ment and its maintenance, but to the point in
issue.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The question pending
involves this proposition:
That every national banking association, State bank, or
State banking association, «hall pay a tax of ten per cent,
on the amount of notes of any State bank or State banking
association, paid out by thein alter tlie l&t day of Januaiy,
1866.
The policy of this amendment was indicated
in the speech of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance upon the introduction of this bill. It
may be the opinion of this Government, as far
as it is a Government, considering it as a Senate,
House of Representatives, and Executive, that it
is wise policy to wipe out of existence all the
authorities and powers of the States. It may
be the opinion of the legislators who have pro-
duced these propositions that we will thereby be
stronger and better. It may be their opinion
that we will produce a more solid, more exact,
and more certain currcncy. Itmaybe theiropin-
ion that we will accommodate the interests of the
vast country over which has been administered,
and before long will be administered, the laws of
the Federal Republic by attempting this system of
compelling the detailed currency of all parts of
the country to be governed by centralized influ-
ence; that individual enterprise with regard to
currency, with regard to banking institutions,
with regard to capital possessing credit, shall be
possessed alone by the centralized power of the
Government of the United States in the city of
Washington. Here is an edict from this Gov-
ernment to wipe oufof existence all State power
to organize institutions to deal in money in their
several jurisdictions.
Mr. President, monetary,administrative, judi-
cial, and military powers must have their several
relations. The fathers who laid down the foun-
dations of this Republic were men who had studied
the lessons of antiquity. They had learned from
Grecian and Roman States many lessons; but
there was a little work, not voluminous, which
was the favorite of Franklin and Madison and
Jefferson, and of the men who laid the founda-
tions of our Republic, the author of which was
called Mgntesquieu. He affirmed as an abso-
lute truth, as the result of great study, (and he
was called then the best philosopher on the sci-
ence of government,) that no republican institu-
tions could be maintained over a vast extent of
territory only by association. It is a truth in po-
litical science, that in the maintaining of institu-
tions we have to make them more or less imme-
diately. How we will make them depends, of
course, upon the particular condition of society
and their affinities. It would not be hard to ag-
gregate New England. No Government can be
maintained as a republican system of government
over vast territories unless they are subdivided
into separate portions, where their special admin-
istration is exercised in small districts, and where
their general power is aggregated in the whole, as
it was in Greece, as it was in the Achsean League,
as it was in the States of the middle ages, and in
the free cities of Europe. This is a tiuth which
history has established, which Montesquieu has
recorded, and which the fathers of the Republic
introduced into our Constitution as a principle*
We have a country extending from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, from the Gulf of Mexico to the
northern lakes, and then again up far away to
British Columbia. Does any reasonable person
suppose that any one system of banking, for in-
stance, could obtain throughout all that region;
that Oregon could accept a system inaugurated
by the politicians or the managers in the city-pf
Washington or in the city of New York; or that
California could do it, or that Dakota could do it;
or Idaho, or Arizona? No, sir. Their interests
are adverse, and they have their various modes
of transacting business, and far the purpose of
transacting their business they require their own
mode of doing it. A bold effort is attempted here
to thrust upon all this great nation—beginning
where the people grow onions and potatoes, then
coming to the pine woods, then to the cotton,
then to the com, then the hemp, then the tobacco,
and then going further west to the grass fields,
and then to our silver and gold m the mountains
of the West—the same system of transacting
business between man and man. A man in Den-
ver City, worth his fifty or one hundred thousand
dollars, says, "I have made money enough; I
will withdraw from the pursuits in which I have
been engaged, and I will furnish facilities to my
fellow-citizens which will give me an income; I
will do that instead of putting my money in
stocks." They have gold and silver there. Vou
say that he cannot transact that business; he must
do u secundum this law. So a man in Missouri
has hemp and tobacco fields. A gentleman at
Jefietson City, for instance, worth $500,000, ia
willing to furnish facilities for doing that busi-
ness. You say to him, "You must do it, not
upon the basis of money, but according to this
rule." So, go down to Memphis, where there
is a cotton maiket. Cotton commands gold and
silver in the markets of the world, and so do hemp
and tobacco. Go to Arizona, where they breed
gold and silver, and still they must be subject to
thisProcrustean rule. We hope to develop Ari-
zona into one of the wealthiest poitions of our
Federal Union; their exchanges arc to be gov-
erned by this rule of the national banking insti-
tutions, and you prevent any person from en-
gaging in the business of facilitating their local
exchanges, unless he submitshimself to the Fed-
eral authority by a tax of ten per cent. You go
then to California, and apply the same rule,
though we deal in gold and silver. You say that
every banking institution that does not belong to
your national bank system, even though it deala
in gold and silver, shall pay a tax of ten per cent.
So in Oregon and in Washington Territory.
What does it mean? I know well what it
means. It was devised in the evil spirit of am-
bition by one who sought by the centralization
of power and force here in the Federal Govern-
ment to make himself strong enough to wield
this as an empire. That was his centralized idea
which he designed, approximating step by step,
and that is a part of the philosophy of our whole
policy of finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will give way I will move an adjournment.
It is past midnight.
