1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to. *
Mr. McDOUGALL. i do not seek an adjourn-
ment. 1 am only gassing off crude opinions; but
though the shg may be about them they are the
result of years of contemplation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California give way for & moment till I make a
suggestion ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia observes that the Senate i^ very thin and
the hour is very late. There is a difficulty about
this bill. We all desire to have action on it, but
we have no rule to limit debate in this body. My
suggestion is—I hope it will be acquiesced m all
around—that, instead of continuing here at this
hour, which is exhausting all of us, we now
adjourn, and to-morrow, as we meet at eleven
o'clock, let us take up this bill at half pasteleven,
•with the understanding that no person will occupy
more than five minutes in discussing any propo-
sition upon it, and then come to a vote. 1 think
in that way we may dispose of the bill in the
course of an hour to-morrow. Then, as my friend
from California is speaking generally upon this
subject, he would, perhaps, postpone his remarks
till we reach the loan bill or some other bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; I want to make them
on this ten per cent, proposition. I am approxi-
mating my conclusion; I have not arrived at it
yet.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I think if the Senate would
agree to the suggestion 1 have made, we could
get-this bill through in an hour to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am talking about this
ten per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator consent
to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will yield for that mo-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope that the Senate
■will agree to adjourn. I think we can dispose of
the bill in an hour in the morning. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 28, 1865.
The House mctat eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POSTAL LAWS.
On motion of Mr. COLE, of California, Senate
bill No. 300, relative to postal Saws, with House
amendments thereto, which had been returned
from the Senate, was taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration.
The House insisted upon its amendments to
said bill, and asked a committee of conference
with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Colc, of California, Mr. Brooks, and Mr. Ash-
ley, as such committee on the part of the House.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. BLAINE, from the committee of confer-
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (H. R. No. 621) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy,
reported that the committee having met, after fuil
and free conference had agreed to recommend,and
do recommend, to their respective Houses that
the House of Representatives recede fiom its dis-
agreement to the first amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same; and that the Senate recede
from their second amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 will say that there were two
disagreements, one with relerence to the appro-
priation of $2p,000 to be used for providing store
room {or artillery. The Senate struck that out,
and the conferees on the part of the House yield it.
The other point of disagreement was an amend-
ment of the Senate which took away from the
Secietary of War the supervisory power over the
matter of ic&toring cadets who have been dis-
missed. The Senate yield that.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved that the vote by which
the report was agreed to be reconsidered; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN W. GARRETT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a memorial and letter addressed
to the Speaker by John W. Garrett, president of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, rela-
tive to House bill No. 768, entitled "An act to
facilitate railroad communication with the capital
of the nation;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, jjnd that the House resolve itself into the
Committeeof theWholeon the state of the Union
on the loan bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Littlejohn in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 772) to pro-
vide ways and means for the support of the Gov-
ernment, the pending question being the amend-
ment proposed yesterday by Mr. Morrill, to
strike out the words " other forms than bonds"
and "other obligations" wherever they occur,
and insert in lieu thereof the words "Treasury
notes."
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the following amend-
ment, offered by Mr. Wilson last evening as a
substitute for the first section of the bill:
Be it enacted, 4*c., That the Secretary of the Treasury be
and is hereby, authorized to borrow from time to tune, on
the credit ot the United States, in addition to the amounts
heretoiore authorized, any sums not exceeding m the ag-
gi''gate $000,000,000, and to i^ue therefoi coupon or regis-
tered homh of the United .Suites in such form as he way
prescribe; and the said bonds* .shall be ot denominations not
less than fiity dollai.-, and may he made payable at any
period not inure than lorty years fiom the date ot i&cue, or
be made redeemable at the plea&tne of the Government at
any period not less than five years nor more than forty
years from date, or payable as aforesaid as may be ex-
pressed upon their face; arid the interest on >uch bonds
shall be payable semi-annually: Pro tided. That the rate
of interest on any such bond-* when pajabie in coin shall
not exceed six per cent, per annum, and when not payable
in coin shall not e\oeed seven and three tenths per cent,
per annum, and tiie late and character of interest shall be
expressed on such bonds.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER. If it is in order I should like
to make a little explanation of the effect of this
amendment, which, I think, was misunderstood
last night.
The CHAIRMAN. Debateis exhausted upon
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Wilson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I believe that amendment was
a substitute for the first section?
The CHAIRMAN. U was.
Mr. HOLMAN. Js it in order to move an ad-
dition to the section as it now stands ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add to the section
the following:
And all bonds and other obligations issued under this act
shall be subject to tftate and municipal taxation.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
39, noes 55.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.HoLMANand
Hooper were appointed.
The committeedivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 56.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read th e second section.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to insert after the word
"for," at the end of the fifth line, .the word
"other;"so thatit will read:
That the Secretary of tiie Treasury may dispose of any
of the bonds or other obligations issued under this act,
either in the United States or elsewhere, in such manner
and at such rates and under such conditions as he may
think advisable, for coin, or for other lawful money of the
United States, &c.
• The question recurred on the following amend-
ment offered last evening by Mr. Hooper:
On page 3, line nine, after the word " Congress" insert
the following:
And may at his discretion is«ue bonds or Treasury notes
authorized by this act in payment fur any requisitions for
materials or supplies which -shall have bepn made by the
appropriate Department or officer upon the Treasury of the
United States on receiving notice m writing through the
Department or office making the requisitions that the owner
of the claim for which the requisition is issued desires to
subscribe for an amount of loan that will cover sauftequi-
feitiou or any part thereof.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "or Treasury
notes." The Househas stricken out those words
in the bill, and they ought to be stricken out in
the amendment also, so as to make the two con-
form.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to oppose that amendment.
As the seven-thirty Treasury notes are now the
popular loan, and are likely to be so untilthis bill
goes into effect, and until the former loan bills are
exhausted, I hope that amendment will not be
made. My amendment authorizes seven-thirties,
which are the only Treasury notes now being is-
sued, to be issued for this purpose as "well as
bonds, and I see no reason why this popular loan
should not be continued. I think if the House
had understood the effect of theamendment which
they have adopted, the result of the vote would
have been different. I think there was a misap-
prehension last night in regard to what are Treas-
ury notes. I hold one now in my hand, one of
the seven-thirty Treasury notes. Now, I say
that no gentleman in this House, nor any other
man, in my opinion, ever saw one of these notes
in circulation as currency. They are not calcu-
lated for currency. They never were intended to
be issued as currency, and, in my opinion, they
never have been used as currency.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I will ask that the.
character of the note be stated.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a question, for J want
information upon this subject. 1 want to know
if the amendment offered by the gentleman con-
templates the issuing of any thing other than seven-
thirty bonds? If that be the object, why not make
it clear by using language that will express the
idea? I am entirely willing to go for that meas-
ure so far as the seven-thirties are concerned, but
I am opposed to enlarging the circulation. 1 have
voted for the amendment so as to restrict the bill
in this respect. I desire that the House shall un-
derstand the matter, so that nobody may be hood-
winked.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. As I understand
the character of the note which the gentleman
from Massachusetts has presented to the com-
mittee, (for he has not explained it,) it issimply
an interest-bearing coupon note. In answer to
his statement that no member has ever seen notes
of that character used as circulation, I will say
that I have had such a note paid to me in this
city during this session of Congress. Until those
notes accummulate an interest which makes them
worth more than their ostensible face, they are
used as circulation.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. The notes of which the
gentleman~speaks are legal tenders; these are not
legal tenders.
Mr. HOOPER. I thinkthatthe gentleman has
confounded two different sorts of notes. There
are notes of three characters issued by the Treas-
ury Department. One class are the United States
notes, so called, which are a legal tender and bear
no interest; another class are the interest-bearing
legal tender notes; but the seven-thirties bear in-
terest, have coupons attached, and are convertible
into twenty-year bonds. I think that the gen-
tleman from New York has confounded another
class of notes with the seven-thirties. A few of
the latter might, by accident, be in circulation;
but I never saw one in circulation, and 1 doubt
whether any one has ever seen a seven-thirty
note used as cmrency.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
we cannot by legislation control this question of
circulation. Every evidence of the credit of the
Government, issued in whatever form it may be,
can at times be made a circulating medium. There-
fore notes of the characterof these seven-thirties,
although they are coupon notes, can to a limited
extent be used as currency.
Mr. HOOPER. I admit that almost anything,
