THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
thfeiSenktethan the onenowbefore the Senate; but
I &'sfeure him that if he will read the resolution in
the light of the amendment that is now before the
Senate he will find it is precisely in accordance
with the authorities that have been read. There
is nothing new about it.
- 1 have been astonished since this measure has
been introduced to find that among the statesmen
affd jurists composing the Senate there is such a
diversity of opinion on the subject of retaliation.
Why, sir, it is among the first things that any
statesman re&ds in any of the books composed by
the publicists. It is as common as any other, ft
is'laid dowri in evgry book upon international law.
There is no respectable author in modern times
who has denied the right of retaliation, or who
has doubted its importance. There is no respect-
able nation but has resorted to it in proper cases;
and there never was a nation placed under cir-
cumstances where this remedy was so loudly and
emphatically called foras theUnited States on the
present occasion, because you cannot find any
barbarities equal to those that are inflicted upon
our poor-soldiers in the hands of the enemy.
I do not cxactly agree in all that my friend from
Michigan has said. He thinks that the Execu-
tive GovernmentandCongress havedoneallupon
this subject they ought to have done. I do not
believe it. I feel as it were guilty myself that I
have delayed so long to bring such a measure be-
fore Congress. We have been told on this floor
by a gentleman who is not very anxious for the
passage of this resolution, that he has had his eye
upon this subject until he has no doubt that more
than thirty thousand men have been sacrificed by
these barbarities of the enemy. Has there been
any movement on our part to do away with them?
Was there ever a Government that so entirely
abandoned its brave men in the hands of a bar-
barous foe without remonstrance, withouta voice
raised in their defense?
I know there are gentlemen here who tell us
that they have never heard that there was any-
thing wrong in the treatment, of our prisoners. I
think the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
told us that he was surprised we should make
this accusation, that he had never heard anything
about it; and yet, sir, it is more than two years
ago since this body sent forth a committee to in-
vestigate the barbarities committed by the rebels
at Bull Run.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am.
surprised that the Senator from Ohio should make
such a statement, as I have said the very opposite
twice in the Senate. I have said tlmt 1 believed
there were cruelties inflicted upon our prisoners
not justified by the usages ofwar and shockingin
themselves, but I expressed the opinion that they
had not gone to the extent that has been stated.
Mr. WADE, The extent to which they have
gone is as palpablyand as directly proven as that
they were commuted at all. For more than a
year you have had before you a report of a com-
mittee of your body who traveled nearly one
thousand miles and took nearly one hundred dep-
ositions to show the extent of the barbarities
that have been committed upon your soldiers.
They have told you how after a whole garrison
had surrendered they were murdered in cold
blood. They have told you how those in hospitals
wore taken outand murdered. Yea, they have told
you more than that. They have told you how men
were taken and crucified in the tents in which
they lived and those tents set on fire and the men
allowed to perish in that way; and yet you have
not heard of it and do not believe the extent of the
barbarities! The preamble of this resolution does
not enter at all upon the extreme barbarities that
are revealed in that testimony.
1 understood the President to say at Baltimore,
the very day that committee started on its mis-
sion of investigation, that if these barbarities, as
alleged, should be proved, he would adopt the
most stringent measures of retaliation. It was
printed in the papers that he said so. When
the report of that committee came out, when
twenty thousand copies of it were called for by
the Senate, and when it was spread broadcast
over the land, 1 believed that the President v/ould
take some steps, at least, to protest against those
horrors. 1 do not know but that he has done so;
but if he has I have not heard a word of it. Cer-
tainly X do not charge this more upon the Presi-
dent than upon ourselves. We have all exercised
a forbearance here that is most culpable in my
judgment. ' I take it to be one of the first duties
of any nation that compels a soldier into the field
to fight a barbarous foe to see that he is protected
according to the principles of civilized warfare in
modern days. When a barbarous enemy tran-
scends the ordinary principles of war it is the
first duty of a nation to see that their soldiers are
protected against these barbarities. Am I wrong,
sir? Isita novel principle? Did you never hear
of it before? Am I the barbarian that seeks re-
taliation here for the first time? I have been
pointed at here by gentlemen, and reflected upon
as though I stood here the advocate of unheard-
of barbarity! I am naturally as averse to what
may be called cruelty upon any mortal man as
anybody else, I reckon; but when we are driven
to this painful necessity, 1 say to you, disagree-
able as the duty is, we have no right to shuffle
it off.
The Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,]
yesterday turned round to me and inquired,
"Would thegentleman starve a prisoner to death?"
Sir, if it becomes my duty to do that, or any other,
disagreeable duty in the performance of a still
higher duty that I owe to the brave defenders of
my country, my nerves 1 think can stand it. His
nerves do not seem to be at all shaken over the
proved and demonstrated fact that ourpoor sol-
diers are subjected to this treatment. That does
not seem to disturb him. He knows it is so;
he is not willing that it should be continued; he
does not want thiscruelty inflicted upon our sol-
diers; but he thinks it would be horrible for us
to enter upon a like system for the purpose of
rescuing both from the perpetration of such acts.
I am amazed that men can look with perfect cool-
ness upon the sufferings of our brave men in the
hands of this barbarous foe, and without raising
a hand in their defense, and yet shrink with hor-
ror from the idea that the miserable traitor who
happens to be in our hands shall be reduced to a
like condition, when the only object is to rescue
both from the necessity.
Sir, do you not know that cruelties are in-
flicted to-day, not upon one, but upon thousands
of our men who are dying by inches in southern
prisons? Your own kin, yourown ftiends, your
own defenders, are there. Is it any worse if you
see in your own hospitals the enemysubjected to
the same treatment? It would hardly bring any
more misery upon mankind than the other, es-
pecially as it is done with the express object of
compelling the barbarous foe to reform his course.
No nation has found any other remedy. God
knows, if any Senator on this floor can devise
any other means whereby our soldiers can be res-
cued from this condition, I shall be the first to go
with him. There is no pretense that there is any
other. The wisdom of man has never devised
any other. The books on international law show
you that, as yet, the wisdom of man has found
no remedy for grievances like these except in the
principle of retaliation.
Sir, how much better are we than our fore-
fathers? They felt none of this mawkish senti-
mentality that compelled them silently to see their
friends tortured to death without an attempt to
rescue thom. I have no doubt they were os hu-
mane as we are. But. when the necessity of State
was upon them, when their duty as men and
members of tins legislative body was upon them,
when they reflected upon it and saw that there
was no other remedy except retaliation, their
nerves were sufficient for the purpose. Have the
Senate become old women, that we cannot res-
cue our fiiends from this condition by the remedy
that all civilized nations in waruse in such cases?
Are the gentlemen from Massachusetts more hu-
mane than the Father of his Country was? Do
they claim a-higher standing in morals or any-
thing else than the good and glorious Washing-
ton did? Did he hesitate a moment to apply this
principle? Early in the revolutionary war, the
very moment he saw that our soldiers and officers
were maltreated in the prisons of the enemy, he
at once resorted to this remedy in accordance with
public law. He did not stand hesitating over it
as we do, but he at once said to General Gage,
"I understand that our officers and soldiers in
your prisons are huddled together; that they are
treated with inhumanity and barbarity m a'great
variety of ways" that he mentions. " Now, sir,
the measure you mete out to our men shall be
promptly dealt out to yours." It was no less a
man than General Washington that said that.
Humane as he was, revolting to him as was this
remedy, he would not shrink from his duty be-
cause it required a little nerve to face it. While
I know that I am treading in the footsteps of that
great man, that I am only urging upon the Amer-
ican Senate an example that he so promptly set
not only once but repeatedly, I feel that I am not
to be pointed at here and called a barbarian be-
cause I propose the same remedy that the Father
of his Country proposed in like cases.
Sir, were our ancestors barbarians? You have
heard from the Senator from Michigan, who has
thrown a light on this subject that cannot be shut
out, what they have done on this subject. Gen-
tlemen may vote againstthis resolution, they may
vote againstthis principle, but the fact will never-
theless stare you in the face forever that your
forefathers resorted to this remedy in a case not
a hundredth part as urgent as the present.
But it is said it is dishonorable to do it, it is
shameful to do it. Sir, I would rather stand upon
the pages of history as the man who stood forth
to vindicate our own glorious soldiery in a way
that the public law points out than to stand there
as the man who shrank from his duty because it
was a disagreeable one. I tell you, sir,thehonor
of this nation is only to be vindicated by protect-
ing the rights of your soldiery in the handsof the
enemy. If you think you are going to treasure
up honor to this nation by showing yourself too
cowardly, too sublimated, to resort to the only
remedy that is practical and pointed out by na-
tions, you greatly mistake that meed of honor
that nations give to each other for action. Nay,
sir, we shall be pointed at as inhuman, as sneak-
ing out of a duty incumbent upon us, that we did
not vindicate the honor and dignity of the nation
by protecting the poor men whom we had it in
our power to protect. The honor of the nation,
our honor as men, consists in the performance of
this rugged and disagreeable but necessary duty.
I hope, sir, that this resolution will not pass
from the consideration of the Senate. I will ask,
just at this stage, that it may be read as I pro-
pose to amend it, and I ask Senators to listen to
it to see if there is anything in it that requires that
it should go again before the committee that they
may get some further light on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the resolution as proposed to be amended by
the Senator from Ohio is called for, and it will be
read if there be no objection.
Mr. WADE. I will thank Senators to listen
to it, because it is the best argument that can be t
made against many of theirs.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all after the word " retaliation" in
the seventh line, in the following words:
That in ouropinion such retaliation ought to be inflicted
upon the insuigent officers now in our hands, or heieafter
to (all into our hands a-? prisoners; that such officers ought
to be subjected to like treatment piaeticed toward our of-
ficer or soldiers m the hands of the indigents, in respect
to quantity and quality of lood, clothing, fuel, medicine,
medical attendance, personal exposuie, or other mode of
dealing with them; that with a view to the saint* ends,the
insurgent piisftners m our hand* ought to be placed under
the contiol and in the keeping of officers and men who
have themselves been prisoners jn the hands of the insur-
gents, and have thus acquired knowledge of their mode of
treating Union prisoners; that explicit instructions ought
to be given to the forces having the chaige of such insur-
gent prisoners, requiring them to carry out strictly and
promptly the principles of this resolution in every case,
until the President, having received satisfactory informa-
tion of the abandonment by the insurgents of such barba-
rous practices, shall icvoke or modify said instructions.
Congress do not, however, intend by this resolution to limit
or lestriet the power of the President to the modes or prin-
ciples of i retaliation herein mentioned, but only to advise a
resort to them as demanded by the occasion.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the executive and military authorities of the United
States are heieby directed to retaliate upon the prisoners
of the enemy in such manner and Kind as shall he effective
in d'-tenmg him from the perpetration m future of ciuel
and barbarous treatment of our soldiers.
So that the joint resolution will read:
Whereas it has come to tine knowledge of Congress that
gieat numbers of our soldieis who have fallen as prisoners
ofwar into the hands o( the insurgents have oeen subjected
to tieatment unexampled f'oi citieity in the history of civil-
ized vvai, and finding its parallels only in the conduct of
savage tubes ; a treatment lesuiung in the death of multi-
tudes by the slow but designed ptocess of starvation, and
by inoital diseases occasioned by irisufficientand unhealthy
food, by wanton exposure of their peisonsto the inclem-
ency of the weathei, and by deliberate assassination of in-
nocent and unoffending men, and the murder m cold blood
