1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
Treasury, after a full and thorough examination
and reflection upon the financial condition of the
country, came to the conclusion that we should
stop the system of issuing bonds the interest of
which is payable in coin. I know it was said
last evening by my colleague, a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Kasson,]
thai the Secretary of the Treasury favored the
provisions of this bill as reported from the com-
mittee. But this House has no authoritative
enunciation of the views of the Secretary of the
Treasury except that which is contained in the
report which he submitted to the House. If there
is any change in his views in that regard it ought
to be communicated in some official form to the
House of Representatives. Until that is done 1
must take the views set forth in the annual report
of the Secretary as those entertained by the head
of that Department. That being the case we are
but carrying out, by adopting the amendment I
have proposed, the line of policy which the Sec-
retary suggests is the proper one for the Govern-
ment to puisue.
Mr. BROOKS. I am opposed to proceeding
one step further in the payment of coin interest
on obligations to be hereafter issued, and there-
fore I oppose any amendment looking in that di-
rection.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment of thegen-
tlemun from Iowa is to strike out the provision
providing that the interest shall be payable in
coin.
Mr. BROOKS. I will move, then, to amend
the amendment in order to say what I desire.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to oppose the
Amendment of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 will give way to the gentle-
man, and ofi'er my amendment hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to occupy even five minutes; but I do
propose to state the question a little different from
what thegentleman from Iowa has done. I do not
understand that the Secretary of the Treasury
has changed his opinions one iota. I believe that
he has administered the dunes of his office in the
mode expressed in the extract which has been
read by the gentleman from Iowa. But the point
of difference between the gentleman from Iowa
and myself is this, that while I do not think it
would be wise for the Secretary to use the power
to issue any bonds at the present time with inter-
est payable in coin, yet I do conceive that it is
wise for us to give him the power, or otherwise
he would be placed in the hands of but one class
of money-lenders. I think that no gentleman
would be willing to take the office of Secretary
of the Treasury atthis time without having this
option within his reach. It would be impossible
for him to carry on the business of his Depart-
ment successfully without having thatauthority.
Mr. STEVENS. May 1 ask mycolleag ue on
the committee n. single question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly,sir.
Mr. STEVENS. If it is only to be kept up as
aiight, will not these money-lenders refuse to lend
money on interest in lawful money so as to force
the payment of interest in com at ten or twelve
per cent. ?
Mr. MORRILL. The ex perience of those who
have administered the Department is entirely the
other way. They do find this option to be a
power which they can exert and exert success-
fully for the interests of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment so as to reduce the interest proposed to one
percent. Educated as 1 have been, it is of but little
impottance to me, as a member of this House,
what may be the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The House has the custody of the
public money, and it is the duty of the House to
exercise its own prerogative and power without
any reference to any Secretary of the Treasury.
Sir, we have gone as far as Congress can go
and as the country can endure in the issue of
bonds the interest on which is payable in com,
unless we tax the people in coin in their direct
taxes. Sixty-three million dollars,about the re-
ceipts at custom-houses, are nowexhausted for the
payment of interest on the bonds of the Govern-
ment m coin. If we go a step further, the taxes
have got to be collected in coin, in order to pay
tne interest on the public debt,and throughout ail
parts of the United States. We have reached the
extreme point where the customs can supply us
in coin, and any attempt to go further may be
fatal to the interest upon the whole public debt. I
am amazed that those who have pledged the public
faith for the payment of the interest on the exist-
ing debt in coin should attempt to go one step
further, and provide for the creation of a further
debt bearing interest in coin, when they know the
coin can be collected only by direct taxation.
Sir, the great question before this country is
not a question of arms so much as it is one of cur-
rency. The expanded currency of this country
is now $900,000,000, when it ought not to be over
$300,000,000 or ยง250,000,000; and though our vic-
tories are numerous, and our importations light,
and our exports large, yet gold keeps up at 200,
when it ought to be reduced to 120 or 140, if the
currency of this country was not constantly ex-
panded.
The legal-tender debt of the country on the 31st
of January last was $674,581,000; the national
banking currency is now about one hundred mil-
lion dollars; the Slate bank circulation is about
one hundred and twenty-five million dollars; mak-
ing an aggregate of $900,000,000 in all.
So long as you expand the currency and make
money plentier than anything else, you can con-
tinue to borrow money; and this is our condition
just now. But if you attempt to change this order
of things and to borrow money, pledging the faith
of the Government to pay the interest in coin,and
tax the people of this country therefor to pay it
in coin, when the legal operations of the country
are in paper currency, you take the first practical
step, in my judgment, towaid repudiation, and I
beg the House to pause upon this dangerous
thieshold and to look to the future and beware of
that dangerous step. We can scarcely pay now
what we owe in coin, and for which the public
faith is pledged, and in my judgment he who now
goes further prepares the first step toward repu-
diation. The great debt of this country is now
in a few hands, and the time is coming in a few
yearswhen hewho rises on the stump, especially
in 'the West, in favor of repudiation, will be able
to obtain a laigeand powerful vote, if the interest
on the public debt is to be payable in coin when
the circulation of the country is paper.
The first error of Congress was in distinguish-
ing between coin and paper. That was the first
fatal step. The next was legal tender. Let us
now limit our action and go no further.
Mr. 1NG-ER.S0LL. Mr. Chairman, in dis-
cussing financial questions it has often been said,
and 1 believe frequently by the gentleman fiom
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that if ihe currency
should be stilt furtherexpanded,andif the present
financial policy of the Government continued, the
West would repudiate the national debt. I de-
sire to state most emphatically that the West will
never repudiate, nor will it sanction fora moment
the idea of repudiation. The West will stand by
the obligations of this Government, let it cost
what amount of personal or pecuniary sacrifice
it may. When this idea of repudiation is put
forwatd in this House, it should not receive any
degree of toleration from those gentlemen who
have the honor of representing tfie great West;
from me it never shall, not even the consent which
may be inferred from silence.
The West is rich in material resources, and
her heroic and patriotic people are determined
not only to maintain the Governments all its in-
tegrity , but are also unalterably determined to
maintain its honor. Sir, the West will be the
last portion of this country to acquiesce in the
doctrine of repudiation. We are able to main-
tain the integrity of this Government; we are able
to maintain its credit, and we are as ready and
willing to do it as any other portion of this coun-
try. Sir, I hope we have heard for the last time,
from any source, this talk of repudiation. Should
the great city of New York, or any other portion
of the East, attempt to repudiate the public debt,
which I do not even anticipate will ever be the
case, the West, single-handed and alone, would
maintain the credit of this country. We will
maintain the honor, not only of the West, but of
the whole country. He who would talk or dream
of repudiation by the West is a madman. Never,
never will the glorious West cover itself with in-
famy by indorsing this cowardly and rascally
doctrine of repudiation. The West has given
freely of its best blood to put down th.e rebellion
and to maintain the national integrity, and will
ever as freely give of its treasure to maintain the
national honor. Repudiation and secession should
and will sleep in the same inglorious grave.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, pro forma, to amend
by inserting "seven" instead of "six." I do
this for the purpose of calling the attention of the
gentleman from Jowa [Mr. Wilson] to a portion
of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
which he did not read, because, I suppose, it did
not make for his proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I could not read the whole
report in five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. To show that the opinions of
the Secretary of the Treasury remain unchanged,
and that what he asks now is entirely in harmony
with the views promulgated in his annual re-
port, 1 ask the attention of the committee to the
following words:
"In view of the serious considerations presented by tills
question, whether as affecting the market value of eoia
or tile ability of Government to meet its specie interest,
should the war continue, fiom tin; revenue now specific-
ally appropriated to that pui pose, the Secretary is lorceil to
the conclusion that we should in the future rely, for the most
part, upon securities [tearing interest in currency, convert-
ible into bonds, tile inteiest of which is payable in coin.
Notes hearing an increased rate of interest, payable in cur-
rency, redeemable in three or five years, and convertible
at maturity into five-twenty bonds, would be prefeiable, m
the judgment of the Secretary, to any other form of secur-
ity. ilouds at long date, the interest of wlueh is payable
m currency at the usual rates, would be less attractive,
and in the end involve a much gieuter sacrifice."
Mr. WILSON. I read every word of that that
bears upon this question.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I renew the amendment.
1 shall vote, Mr. Chairman, in favor of this
proposition, if the Secretary of the Treasury be
allowed the option to issue such class of bondsas
he pleases; and I shall vote against the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa. I cannot vote
against a proposition which contemplates paying
the interest on the debt of the Government in gold,
believing,as I do, that ail the interest on the Gov-
ernment debt, as well as all its piincipal, should
have been payable in geld from the outset. And
I think that we are bound to believe that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will use the discretion
vested in him so that in issuing bonds under th is
act he will takecare to issue them within the abil-
ity of the Government to meet them in coin. 1
do not think that we ought to take for granted
that in the outset he will aid in what is called the
work of repudiation, but that he will exercise the
discretion vested in him within the limits that the
Government finances will warrant. 1 shall vote
to give him the discretionary power,and against
the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Chairman, I hope
that the committee will not abandon the idea of
paying the interest in coin. I am sure that the
Government will ultimately gain nothing bvany
departure from a coin basis fonts bonds. How-
ever you may plan or scheme, the result will be
at last that the public debt, interest and principal,
except so much as may be paid while we are
collecting revenue in depreciated currency, is to
be met in gold or in the equivalent of gold. If
you make your interest payable in paper you will
be compelled to pay as much higher rates as paper
is less valuable than gold.
We have reached a pointin our financial affairs
when no sort of scheming will answer the pur-
pose; and the country ought to have notice that
gold must be raised to pay the interest in com.
If we sell our securities wherever coin is, whether
m England, Prance, or the German States, to pay
interest in coin, so much less will he the public
debt. Therefore I am for one prepared to say
that we will pay all of our interest in coin as it
becomes due, at a rate not exceeding six per cent.,
and to go into the markets of the world and bor-
row all that we need.
There are three things you can do. The first
is to economize, and that, judging from the past,
we are not disposed to do. The second is to tax,
and from what lias happened here during the last
week, we are not disposed to tax. And I say,
with all deference to my colleague of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that I have in the
last twenty-four hours ascertained at the Treas-
ury Department exactly what the receipts of the
Government have been from the two sources of
customs and internal revenue, and I am of opin-
ion that his statement that the revenue for tha
