484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
; -Mr. WADE. Then I will ask the Senator in
that connection, why did he quote those passages
of Scripture which seemed to deny the right to
retaliate?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did quote some from
the Sermon on the Mount. 1 believe there were
some gentlemen present on that occasion who ex-
pressed very great astonishment at the doctrines
then proclaimed; and it seems the Senator from
Ohio is equally astonished as was the multitude
who gathered round upon that occasion.
Mr. WADE. Then the Senator invoked the
Scriptures barely for the purpose of showing his
learning in that direction, [laughter,] and not to
affect the argument, if I understand him. He
holds that we have a right to retaliate, and yet
he invokes the Christian doctrine to show that
we ought not to retaliate. He evidently does it,
then, for our benefit. When we want that bene-
fit wc will make a preacher or a chaplain of him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator if he does not believe that the code of mor-
als as taught,in the Sermon upon the Mount is
correct,and that it ought to be followed by man-
kind ?
Mr. WADE. I do, but I think you most egre-
giouwly misapply it. 1 do not think it applies to
any such case as tin's. If the Senator does, what
becomes of his argument for retaliation, which he
says he holds to ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very glad indeed
that my friend from Ohio is a believer; but he
ought to remember that u the devils also believe
and tremble." [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE, I do not see any trembling in
that quarter, and 1 am sure there is none in this.
[Laughter.] But, Mr. President, putting all that
aside, I do not really know what the Senator
intended by the long argument he made. 1 am
sincere in saying that i watched his areument,
and when he got through 1 could not tell^vhether
he was for retaliation or against it; because he
said he was for retaliation and then he proceeded
to quote Scripture—which he said fee believed in
—to show that it was altogether wrong and ought
not to be resorted to. I thought 1 saw an incon-
sistency, and 1 think so now. 1 see, however,
or think 1 see, that we can propose no sort of re-
taliation to which he will agree. He says he is
opposed to retaliation in kind. There is nothing
in any of these rfesolutions which says it shall be
in kind. The resolution reported by the com-
mittee was merely advisory, not mandatory; my
amendment makes it mandatory but does not pre-
scribe the measure "or form of the retaliation to
be practiced. 1 leave that with the President. I
say he shall retaliate in such a way as in his
judgment will be effectual to accomplish the end
we have in view, I go,for that. If the rebels
cannot be deterred from atrocities by the threat,
1 am for putting the threat into execution. The
Senator from Connecticut need not point to me
as a man whose nerves will quail before such a
duty. I tell you, sir, 1 would starve the whole
rebellion unless it becomes effectual so that they
release our men from this jeopardy. 1 have no
mincing of matters here, i say to you they shall
be protected. I do nothing through wantonness.
When they release our men fiom this barbarity,
I am willing to say, " Hands off,'' and to make
peace on this subject; but until they do I will
make the South a desolation, and every traitor
shall lose his life, unless they treat our men wjth
humanity. That is my docrine.
1 know of no limitation to this principle. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumneii] said
there was a limitation; but I say that if you begin
it, there is no limitation until it has the effect to
remedy the evil complained of. You may begin
modeiately, if you please, as my amendment
leaves the President a right to do; you may begin
mildly, but unless what you, do is effectual, I
wouid censure the President if he did not follow
it up with sterner and sterner measures until the
effect should finally be produced, even if it con-
demned to death every rebel in the southern
Stales.
There, sir, T stand; for, by the eternal God,
oursoidiers, defending their country,shall be pro-
tected, let it cause what evil it riiav to the oilier
side. These are my doctrines. These are the
doctrines of international law; they do not origi-
nate with me. They are doctrines as old as civ-
ilization, and interposed against barbarism as an
effectual remedy, and as the only remedy that the
wisdom of man has yet devised.
Mr. President, 1 say again that I hope this res-
olution will not be recommitted, because 1 believe
that every, one is satisfied that at present, as 1
propose to amend it, it is free from all these side-
bar arguments that have been made against it.
Almost every Senator has announced himself in
favor of some kind of retaliation. Some say we
shall give notice beforehand that we'intend to re-
taliate in the future, and that we should let by-
gones be bygones. Others say that if we retali-
ate in kind, we shall starve their prisoners to
death, and that will notdo. The resolution,as I
propose to amend it, runs clear of all these things.
It is that the President shall retaliate for these
offenses to the extent that he thinks will be ef-
fectual; and he is to make the retaliation effectual,
let it cost what it may. 1 would not enter upon
a system of retaliation unless I intended to make
iteffectual. The Senator from Connecticut greatly
misunderstood me when he supposed that 1 offered
the proposition barely in terrorem without intend-
ing to carry it out. Sir, 1 am nota man of shams.
I get up no scarecrows here. I tell the rebel au-
thorities, "We will punish your men until you
reform.M 1 no more want to see cruelty prac-
ticed than do other Senators; but I want to rescue
our brave soldiers from the accursed cruelty to
which they are subjected. That lies at the bot-
tom of my efforts, and in order to rescue them I
am willingto incur any denunciations that Sena-
tors or others may attempt to pour out upon my
head, if 1 can in any degree-release or lelieve our
poor soldiers from the accursed barbarism that is
practiced upon them. They shall have my sup-
port and my aid and my voice. I will go to an
extreme in thatdirection. There is scarcely any-
thing that I would not be willing to do in order to
effect this great purpose of protecting those whom
it is our bounden duty to protect.
What, sir! stand here voting for conscription
bills to compel the young, vigorous men of our
country to take their lives in their hands and go
forth to defend the nation against these accursed
rebelsj and then, when they are ciuelly tortured
to death by our barbarous foe, fold our arms and
leave them to their fate! No, sir, no. 1 never
was guilty of an act like that, and I never will
be. They shall be rescued if my voice and my
vote can effect it. I leave it to others to say that
we, having left them in the hands of their ene-
mies without an effort to rescue them for two
long years, will not now interfere in their behalf.
You may recommit this resolution; you may put
it in your pockets if you will; but my voice is for
retaliation until we reach a remedy which is the
proper and legitimate objectof what we aim at.
Mr. FOSTER. If I have understood the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio aright, he construed
some remarks which 1 made yesterday as hold-
ing him up hereas a person more barbarous than
any of the rest of us, and as advocating acts of
barbarity toward prisoners of war. If I misun-
derstood him, 1 wish he would say so.
Mr. WADE. I will say to tiie Senator that I
did not suppose he really intended to say any-
thing wrong; but I think the tenorof his remarks
was calculated to show that we who were advo-
cating this measure were stirring up a pretty bar-
barous remedy, and one that we should not be
warranted in resorting to, for he turned to me to
know if I would stand by and see a man starve
to death. My answer is that the death might be
out of my sight, and not in it, and if the death is
to occur, i would rather it should be the death
of a rebel than of a Union soldier.
Mr. POSTER. So far fiom imputing to the
horioiabie Senator the barbarity to which he al-
ludes, I very sedulously avoided saying anything
of the kind, because I had no such belief or im-
pression on my mind; byt now, from the expla-
nation of the Senator, 1 see that the wrong I did
him was in supposing that he would not stand
by and starve a man to death. I expressly said
yesterday that I did not be he ve it, Itseems that
in that I was mistaken, for he nowavows that he
would. Of course he has a right to make the
decision for himself; it is not mine, but his. 1
must, however, still beg his pardon for believing
that I knew his mind in that respect, when it
should come to the point, better than he does him-
self, and that, notwithstanding the impulse under
which he speaks, he would not stand by deliber-
ately and hold a prisoner of war in his custody
and starve him to death.
Mr.|WADE. Not as a remedy for our starv-
ing prisoners in their hands?
Mr. FOSTER. Not as a remedy for anything.
The Senator would not do it, in my belief. If he
insists that he would, and that I am at the same
time charging him with barbarity, or holding him
up to the Senate as encouraging acts of barbarity,
he will see that it is he who does it and not I.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of making an effort to influence
the vote of any member of the Senate either upon
the original proposition or upon the suggested
amendments, because it is very evident that upon
the whole subject the mind of the Senate is already
made up.' It could not well be otherwise, because
the argument on both sides has been in a great
measure, if not entirely, exhausted. My princi-
pal object is to state, as briefly as I can, ihe rea-
sons that will influence my own vote; and before
I proceed in that purpose 1 may be permitted to
say that neither of the members of the committee
by whom the original resolution was reported
need have disavowed any inhuman purpose either
on the part of the committee or on the part of any
individual member of the committee. Those of
us who know them, and their constituents who
know them, and the country, will hardly for a
moment credit even the suspicion that they design
by this measure anything inhuman in the ordi-
nary acceptation of the term, or any thing else than
such as they may deem proper to arrest the in-
humanity which has been practiced upon our
own soldiers.
I have another remark to make before I pro-
ceed further, as preliminary. We are now in the
month of January, 1865. The only evidence that
I am aware of, that is before the Senate or the
country, of these outrages perpetrated upon our
prisoners, was made known to the Senate and to
the country by the report of a committtee of our
own made in May last. The honorable Senator
from Ohio who shows so much zeal, and has dis-
cussed his side of the question with so much abil-
ity, was I think a member of the committee be-
fore whom the evidence was taken, and of course
was a party to the report. That report as I find was
submitted to the Senate on the 5ih of May, 1864.
Mr. WADE. I will remind the Senator that
there was a previous report made on another oc-
casion, which showed these barbarities, long be-
fore that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am aware of that, and that
makes the argument stronger, I think, for the
purposes for which I propose to use it. There
was, then, a report made before 1864 on the same
subject, and that report also disclosed to the coun-
try and to the Senate the existence of these bar-
barities. Now, I do not understand that, at least
from the 5th of May, 1864, down to the present
time, these barbarities have been continued. I
have no evidence before me, and I do not believe
that the evidence is to be obtained anywhere, that
this conduct on the part of the rebels now exists.
Mr. FOSTER. Ailow me to assure the hon-
orable Senator that he is entirely mistaken. The
last officer who escaped from Richland jail, in
Columbia, South Carolina, left there as late, as
the 24ch or 28th of December; he was ten days
in getting down the river, and he has arrived here
in the North in the month of January, within fif-
teen days past, and he stated to me, as I told the
Senate yesterday, that the ration of the officers
ihen confined, wiien he left there, on the 24th or
28th of December, (I am not certain which,) was
one pint of Indian meal per day and a few pinches
of salt, and occasionally a little sorghum; and that
was the whole ration for a day.
Mr JOHNSON. The honorable member mis-
understood me.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Mary-
land will yield, 1 will move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, which will leave this question in order for
to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I haveno objection, provided
it is understood that I have the floor to-morrow.
[" Certainly."]
Mr. WADE. Before the question is put on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
wish to a-sk that the amendment I have offered to
this resolution be printed.
