1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order'
will he made.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to theconsideration of executive business;
and after some time spent in executive session
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 26, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. Ii. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS IN COLORADO.
Mr. BENNET, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill in relation to preemption rights in
Colorado Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
SETTLEMENTS ON THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. RENNET. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
 stiucted to inquire into the piopuety of so changing exist-
ing laws as to legalize thesettlementby loyal citizens upon
any and all the public <]ouiain of the United States to which
the Indian title ha? been or may be extinguished, and re-
port by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object to the reso-
lution if the words "except mineral lands" be
inserted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Acceptthat
modification.
Mr. BENNET. Oh no, the resolution is in-
tended to cover that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I object to it.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF COLORADO.
Mr. BENNET, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the piopriefy of providing by law
for a geological survey of Colorado and othermining'JVrn-
toriesof the United States, and lepoit by bill or otherwise.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
move to postpone the consideration of the special
order, bemsj the motion submitted by the gentle-
man fiom Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] to reconsider
the vote of the House at the last session upon the
.joint resolution in relation to the admission of
heads of Executive Departments on the floor of
the House. As the gentleman entitled to thefloor
[Mr. Cox] is not now piesent, I move to post-
pone the special older until after the morning
hour. We can get through some important busi-
ness in that time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider,
the consideration of which was pending: at the
time the House adjourned on yesterday, is not a
special order. But being a motion to reconsider,
it is a piivileged question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
to postpone its further consideration until after
the morning hour. I want to get at the regular
order of business.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. W ashburnf.,] instead of press-
ing the motion to postpone, will go on with what-
ever he may have to do until my colleague [Mr.
Cox] cornea in. The Committee of Ways and
Means are striving very hard to get in some of
their bills; and if the gentleman will just go on
with the ordinary business of the House, that will
answer his purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
that is all I want.
No objection was made.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by the pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof."
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the bill be printed,
and postponed until a week from next Monday,
and made the special order for that day after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
INSPECTORS 01? CUSTOMS.
Mr. STEVENS also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to in-
crease the compensation of inspectors of customs
in certain ports,"approved April 29, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS. I think there will be no ob-
jection to this bill after hearing it read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ulinois. I cannot con-
sent to have the bill taken up and acted upon at
this time; I am willing to have it introduced,and
postponed.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move that the bill
be postponed till Wednesday next, and made the
special order for that day after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTORS OP CUSTOMS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill for the relief of collectors and surveyors of
customs in certain cases.
Mr. STEVKNS. I do not think that after the
reading of this bill any objection will be made
to its consideration and passage at this time. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to take this bill
up and consider it at this time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
in all cases in which any collector or surveyor of
customs has paid or accounted for, or is charged
with duties accruing under the joint resolution to
inciease temporarily the duties on imports, ap-
proved April 29, 1864, and in which the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be satisfied that the collec-
tion of said duties was omitted by said collector
or surveyor in consequence of not being informed
of the passage of said resolution under which said
duties have accrued, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, under such rules and regulations as he may
prescnbe, shall remit or refund, as the case may
lequiie, said duties to such collectois.
No objection was made to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state in a few words
the object of this bill. We passed an act, dated
the 29ih of April, 18G4, signed at that time by
the President. But it was not promulgated until
the 30th of the month. In the mean time it took
effect from the day of its being signed. Several
collectors in different parts of the country did
not hear of the passage of the act for two days
after it was signed, and went on in the old way,
omitting to collect the new duties imposed by the
act. The collector of the customs at Chicago
was one; and the collectors in ali the western
country are in the same condition. This bill is
intended to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to release them and not hold them responsible for
the non-collection of duties under those circum-
stances.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
muke sotue leports from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it the understanding that
the motion to reconsider, pending at the tune of
adjournment yesterday, has been passed over
informally ?
The SPEAKER. Passed over until the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] who is entitled to
the floor upon that question shall come in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I jdesire to have the privi-
lege of making the ordinary point of order upon
the business as reported. If the gentleman fiom
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] asks unanimous con-
sent to repoit his bills, then of course the ques-
tion comes up. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The reg-
ular order of business will suit my case exactly.
I move to postpone the regular order until the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] comes in.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdiaw the call for the
regular order, at the request of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
makeregularreports from the Committeeon Com-
merce, which the gentleman can hear from the
Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The privileged question* of
the motion to reconsider having been passed over
informally, the Illinois ship-canal bill will come
up before the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
to postpone the Illinois ship-canal bill until the
time fixed for the consideration of the Niagara
ship-canal bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the regular call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Commerce.
UNITED STATES MINT AT DALLES CITY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am directed
by the Committee on Commerce to report back
the bill to relocate the United States branch mint
at Dalles city, provided for by the act approved
July, 18C4, and to ask that they be discharged
from the further consideration of that bill, and
that it be referred to the Committer of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to,
FOG-BELL ON GOVERNOR'S ISLAND, NEW YORK.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Commerce to report
a bill which is founded on a letter by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and a report of the Light-
House Board, to appropriate $500 for theerection
of a fog-bell or a fog-trumpet on Governor's isl-
and, in the harbor of New York. There seems
to be a necessity for the erection of a fog-bell
there. It is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, by the collector of the port of New
York, tind by the Light-House Board. If any
gentleman objects, it must go to the Committee of
the Whole on thestateof the Union. If not,then
I would ask to have the bill passed now.
The bill was read at length,
Mr. PIKE. I will not object to the consider-
ation of this bill at this time If the gentleman will
accept an amendment I desire to offer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
authority to accept an amendment, for this bill is
a report from a committee.
Mr. PIKE. Then I object.
The bill was received and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ASSISTANT INSPECTORS OF STEAMBOATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to report
back a bill (H. R. No. (>67) to provide for two
assistant inspectors of steamboats in the city of
New York, and for two local inspectors at Ga-
lena, Illinois, and to ask for its consideration at
this time.
The bill was read at length.
Section one provides for the appointment of
two assistant inspectors of steamboats in the city
of New York, with an annual compensation of
$1,200 each; and two local inspectors at Galena,
Illinois, with an annual compensation of $800
each; whose duties shall be the same that are pre-
scribed by the steamboat act of August 30, 3862.
Section two provides that in lieu of the fees for
inspection now collected, there shall be levied and
collected the sum of twenty-five dollars for each
vessel of one hundred tons, and five cents for
each additional ton.
Section three provides for the repeal of all acta
or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I want to move to strike
out the two inspectors at Galena, Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. As I am in favor of economy
I would like to ask the gentleman from Illinois
whether there is any necessity for these inspect-
ors at Galena. I undeistand that the channel at
that point does not afford a currentforany steam-
boat of more than two feet draught.
Mr, STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow thw bill to be postponed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
