1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. BROOMALL. I also have an amend*
men'.
Mi* S I'EVENS. Let it be the general under-
stating ihat these three amendments shail be
offered in the House.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and 'he Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair,Mr. Littlejohnreported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, having had under consideration the
bill (H. R. No. 772) to provide ways and means
for ihe support of the Government, had directed
him to report the same with sundry amendments.
Mr.STEVENS, f now renew the substitute
whieh 1 offered and withdrew in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move the follow-
ing as an amendment to the substitute and also
to the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no note or obligation
hereafter issued under any act of Congress shall be a legal
tender j and no Treasury note foi fifty dollars or under shall
be reis>ued when paid m to, or received by the Treasurer,
but all Mich notes shall be canceled, and no Treasuiy note
heremfr to be Issued, under any law, shall be lor a less
sum tu.in .v$100.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend by adding
the blowing as a new section:
Pec. —. And be it further cnactcd, That, in lieu of $>100,-
OOO.OJJ of the ainouuf of bonds authorized by this act, me
Secretary ot the Tieasury may, at Jus discretion, issue
Trc.i- ury notesof denominations not le&s than $100, bearing
inti-ru t at a rate not Jess than six per cent, nor more th;in
seven and three tenths pr>r cent, per annum ; and the >aid
TriM^ury notes shail be made convertible into any bonds
authorized by this act, and the interest and principal shail
be made payable at such time within twenty years as; the
Secrt-ury of the Treasury may determine.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the biii and the various amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Private Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed joint resolution and bills of the following
tith-s:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) in relation to
tlx* distribution of books and documents;
An act (H. R. No. 688) makmgappropriations
for die construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for ihe year ending June 30, 18GG;
An act (II. R. No. 690) to revive certain pro-
visions of the act entitled " An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved March 3, 1815, and for other
purposes;
An act (H, R. No. 738) relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels;
An act (H. R. No. 781) granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use of Govern-
ment piers in said harbor for the purpose of pro-
tecting said harbor;
An act (£1. R. No. 783) concerning the collec-
tion district of Salem and Beverly, in Massachu-
setts; am!
An act (H. R. No. 784) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to regulate the admeasurement of
tonnage of ships and vessels of the United States,"
approved May 6, 1864.
LOAN BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
to be able to change our financial system and in-
augurate a new one, which would reduce the price
of ^old and the price of every article of living
and all the munitions of war. { had entertained
that hope until this morning, when 1 saw oper-
ating here certain influences which I regretted to
observe, i do not know how farthere may have
been a change in the opinions of the House; but
I confess 1 was shocked to hear the extreme doc-
trtni'sof the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bouttvsll,] in favor of continuing to pay in irold
all our indebtedness till the end of this war. Now,
I intend to make one more effort. Last year we
were successful until theSecretary of the Treas-
ury came here and satbehim1 us, when on the yeas
and nays our action was reversed.
As i am about making another effort to resist
and revise the present financial policy of the
Gov.vmneM^t may be well to give a buef review
of as use, progress, and present condition.
When Mr. Buchanan went out of power he
left a debt, contracted in times of profound peace,
of something like $100,000,000. When Mr. Lin-
coln came into power he found an empty Treasury
and a civil war already begun. He found it
necessary at once to call for seventy-five thou-
sand soldiers. To meet the expenses it was
necessary to assemble Congress. The extra ses-
sion in 1861 authorized a loan of $250,000,000,
$50<000,000 in Treasury notes and $290,000,000 in
six per cent, twenty-year bonds. That loan was
taken by the banks of New York, Philadelphia,
and Boston; $150,000,000 of it was paid in coin;
but before the last $50,000,000 were due all the
banks in the United States suspended specie pay-
ments, and it was paid in currency at a loss to
the Government of over $5,000,000. This gave
such a shock to public credit that it was found
impossible to negotiate a loan in coin at any
price. The financiers of New York (bankers and
brokers) were consulted and gave it as their opin-
ion that a loan of $50,000,000 put on the market
would notproduceover eighty per cent., payable
in the irredeemable currency of the banks; that
a specie loan was impracticable. Under these
ciicumstances certain members of the Committee
of Ways and Means (a very small minority) sug-
gested the idea of issuing United States legal-
tender notes. They thought that if a currency
not immediately redeemable in coin must be used
by the Government it had better issue its own
notes; it would be more secure than State banks,
and would save the Government a large amount
of interest. It is due to the late Secretary of the
Treasury to say that he was decidedly hostile to
the scheme. The bill was reported by an indi-
vidual member and lay upon the files more than
a month before his consent and that of a majority
of the committee could be obtained. Then im-
perious necessity compelled them to yield, and
$150,000,000 of legal tenders were authorized
which have proved to be the most acceptable, as
it is the safest, circulation ever existing in this
country.
Such was the origin of legal tenders. It was
followed by a bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, to borrow a sum not exceed-
ing $500,000,000, known as five-twenties. An
effort was made in this House by a distinguished
gentleman from Illinois, now deceased, to make
the interest payable in coin; it was lost by thirty-
nine majoiity, Th«* House saw the absurdity of
declaring by law a circulation which they had just
created and declared lawful money and made a legal
tender to be of less value than gold, thus depre-
ciating its value. The New York brokers and
bankers sent theiremissaries here, but failed with
the Committee of Ways and Means in the House,
but finally persuaded the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and -the Senate to adopt that fatal policy. It
came back to the House thusamended,and though
lesisted by the original friends of the bill, passed.
That induced the provision to have the duties on
foreign importations paid in specie. To this un-
wise discrimination, creating two kinds of cur-
rency, and pronouncing one kind of lawful money
interior to the other kind of lawful money, I at-
tribute most of the trouble which has arisen from
the high pi ice of everything, the enormous and
unnecessary expense of the war, and the constant
fluctuation in the market.
Timearidexpenence, 1 had thought,had forced
upon most people the conviction that longer per-
severance in this system must lead to disastrous
consequences. 1 had wondered that we had not
seen this before we inaugurated a system so pal-
pably unwise.
To show the necessity of this change, let us
suppose that the increase of the public debt will
stop at $4,000,000,000. The interest, at six per
cent , would be $^40,000,000. This would have
to be paid m gold to be purchased by the Govern-
ment, If, while we have requued but $56,000,000,
the holders of that commodity could put it at $270
to the $100, as they did, it is not extravagant to
suppose that when $240,000,000 must be had they
wiii be uble to command $300 for $100. Three
times $240,000,000 will make$720,000,000. Add
say $130,000,000 for other expe uses, and old
loans falling due, anil you have $850,000,000 lo
lii' raised aii-iuully to |iay the interest and oi-di- I
n.iry expenses alone. If you add §50,000,000 I
for a sinking fund, you have the round sum of I
$900,000,000 to be raisad by taxation, I know !
of no young nation that ever bore such a tax. |
Our present tax is not a light one, yet it is not
expected to produce more than half that sum.
in myjudgmentthe people could not,and would
not, bear it. 1 would not be undei stood that this
country would, under any circumstances, repu-
diate her debt; but she would, from necessity, be
driven to suspend the payment of part of her
interest for a while. That would be a disgrace
which we must not for a moment contemplate.
We must begin in time so to shape our course as
to avoid it.
It may be said that we could not have sold our
loan at par if we had made the interest payable
in lawful money. 1 do not believe that. If we had
maintained the equality of United States notes
with gold, as we had declared by making them a
legal tender, and received them for customs, I
believe these long loans receivable in currency
would have readily commanded par.
But suppose we had been obliged to sell them
at ten per cent, discount, what have we now sold
them at with gold-bearing interest? We have
received in currency $100 for gold bonds for $100.
That $100 in currency could be bought and no
doubt was bought for forty dollars in gold, and
we instantly commenced paying $100iri coin for
it; for when we pay the interest in gold and the
principal when due, it is all gold from the begin-
ning. So under this wise system we have actually-
been selling our bondsat sixty per cent, discount.
Nor have we the meritof usinga currency which,
it is said, would keep down prices. We have
used nothing but the currency which we had
ourselves decried and depreciated. '
But thatimmense loss was not the worstfeature
of that fatal policy. When Congress made Uni-
ted States notes a legal tender which every citi-
zen was bound to receive at par unless he held
Government loans, it was unwise and unjust to
make any discrimination between different classes
of creditors. Gold coin, silver coin, and United
States notes, were ail equally lawful money of
the United States. Why should Government
declare that the one was better than the other,
and thus by legislation depreciate its own money?
If Congress had declared that gold should not be
a legal tender,and should not be received for du-
ties or paid for interest, but that United States
notes and silver should be, gold would have de-
preciated below either of the others. Wiule the
sixty million Treasury notes were receivable
for duties they were of equal value with coin,
'while Treasury notes not thus receivable were at
a discount. But Congress created an absolute
necessity for coin in proportion to the increasing
amount of her debt, and made it alone receivable
for duties, thus declaring that all other money was
inferior to it. Our duties last year amounted to
over $100,000,000. The holders of gold knew
that at least $25,000,000 must be had each quar-
ter by the merchants, no matter what it cost.
Outside of the vaults of the New York banks,
who by their charters must hold their coin, I
suppose the average amount in New York was
just about $25,000,000. Whoever possessed that
could compel the merchants to pay whatever
price their consciences would permit them to ask.
It is no hard thing in suoh a city for a few men
to monopolize the whole of It. The struggle for
such monopoly would raise the price, and the
purchasers would indemnify themselves by ex-
torting from the merchants, who receive in their
business only United States notes and currency,
and were therefore at the mercy of speculators—
of a class of men the most worthless in the com-
munity—men who consume the fruits of the earth
but produce nothing.
If no gold had been needed to pay interest and
duties, tile demand for it in this country would
have been too trifling to have attracted attention,
if there had been no demand for it how could the
price have risen above par? Who would have
bet on the gold board when the winner could not
profit by his luck?
The cost to the merchants and the Government
in direct premiums is the smallest part of the
evil. Congress made gold, when no longer money,
no longer a circulating medium, the standard of
value. Every article came to be measured by the
price of bullion, the extorted unnatural price paid
by the merchants. Of course when gold sold at
two and a half times the mint value everything
purchased by the rich and the poor, by private
individuals and by Government, followed in the
