m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
tcylie House the provisions of the bill; and then,
if a majority of tne House do not wish to pass the
bgll, they can refuse to do so.
- $£r. STEVjENS. 1 understand it has not been
pointed,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; it
\% not minted.
M*. STEVENS. , Mr. Speaker 
*j$r. WASjHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe I
am entitled to the floor.
TheSPJJ&KER, The gentleman from Illinois
dgeljnes to yield, and must lie allowed to proceed
Without interruption.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I send to
the Clerk a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, wh\ch I ask may be read.
.The Clerk read, as follows:
treasury department, January 23, 1885.
Sir.* X fcave the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 11th instant, transmitting- a copy ot a bill
introduced into the House of Representatives, creating two
assistant focal inspectors, of steamboats for tiie district of
flew York, and a new local hoard for the distuct of Ga-
lena, Illinois, with a request that I communicate any sug-
gestions I have 10 make upon the subject.
' You also request a statement ot the amount of fees
Received under the amendment of the steamboat law
approved June 8, 18J4.
■ The boaul of ^uporvising inspectors in their last annual
report say two a- istant inspectors lor the district of New
York, and a new local hoard for the poit of Galena, Illi-
nois, will be requited, m addition to those aheady author-
ised by law. I think their suggestion thouid be complied
WiUi i and I am al=o of the opinion that the salaues of the
ft&Utftnt inspectors at New Yoik should be larger than are
provided lor in the bill inclosed by you.
iu compliance with the request o( the committee ap-
pointed by the hoard of supervising inspector at their la>t
annual meeting; and in a icply to a communication ot the
J2th instant 1'imfi the eliairman of the Committee on Com-
lai'ice of the United States Senate, asking lor information
lelgtive to the m>ce&6ity and propriety ut Senate bill No.
To regulate the salaries oi'&iuamboatlns-pcctois on the
Pacific coatt of the United States, and tor othor puipo«sc«s,"
becoming u law. I transmitted on the 14th instant to the
ejiainnan of that committee a dratt of a bill, a copy ot
which, witii the letter accompanying it, la hciewnli in-
efosed.
The return of fees received under the " act to create m\
additional supervising inspector or steamboats," See., ap-
proved June b, ISO 1, can only in part be givtm, coiupletc
returns have not yet been made to this iJepaitment.
1 will take this occasion to suggest that tin- si.v;h section
of the act last refeued to be amended by the passage oi
the sections herewith incloaed.
With g.eal respect, W. P. FESSCNDEtf,
Sea clary of I he Ticcau.y.
Hon. E. B. Washburne, C/uwmau of the Committee on
Commerce, House of Jleprescnfaticrs of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The object
of this bill ts to create two assistant inspectors in
the city of New York, and two local inspectors
at paleni; and the second section is in relation
to the tax upon tonnage, The attention of the
Committee on Commerce was called to this sub-
ject by the report of the board of supervising in-
spectors* who have this whole matter in charge.
They report to the Secretary of the Treasury, (I
Will read it for the benefit of my htend from Ver-
mont,) that " two assistant inspectors for the dis-
trict of New York and a now local boaid for the
port of Galena, Illinois, will be required, in ad-
dition to those already authorized by law."
I will state to my friend fiom Vermont why
this additional board is necessary. The district
of the supervising inspector ior that district ex-
tends from the mouth of the Illinois river to the
Red river of Lhe north and the northern boundary
of the country. The law of last session requires
the inspection of all ferty-boats, all tow-boats,
and all tugboats; and it hug been found utterly
impossible for the supervising inspector of that
district to inspect all these classes of boats.
And in regard to the question of economy, let
me say to my fiiend from Vermont that the law
of last session provided for a very heavy inspec-
tion fee; so that this steamboat jaw, winch for-
merly cost the Government &bO,OUO per annum,
has, by the legislation initiated by the Commit-
tee on Commerce at the last Congress and at the
last session of this Congtess, been made almost a
self-sustaining machine. I addressed a letter to the
Secretary of the Treasury asking the amount of
fees which had been received under this law. He
replies that he cannot ted, because the returns
have not been received. But I have a memorial
from the inspectors of the city of Buffalo, in which
they state that in that port alone the fees which
they have returned into the Treasury amount to
wore than ten thousand dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, I would like to ask the gen-
from Illinois whether the salary at Bufialo
is the same as those proposed to be paid at Ga-
lena.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, The salary
at Buffalo, as now fixed by law, is $1,200 per an-
num. The memorial asks an increase of this
salary to $2,000. That memorial has not yet
been acted upon by the committee. In framing
this bill, the Committee on Commerce, in con-
sideration of the larger amount and the greater
importance of the business at New York, have
fixed the salary of the assistant inspectors at New
York at $1,200, and the salary of the same officers
at Galena at $800.
Mr. PIKE. The tonnage tax spoken of in the
bill pertains, I suppose, to steam-vesseis alto-
* Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE, The bill, sofaras I observe, does
not specify. Would the gentleman object to
inserting the word " steam" before the word
" vessels?''
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. PIKE. Then I move to amend by insert-
ing the word " steam" before the word "vessels."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING, I desire to ask whether
the committee, in fixing the salary of the assist-
ant inspectors at Galena at $800 have not made
it higher than the average pay of steamboat in-
spectors on the western rivers and lakes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 think not.
I think the salary at St. Louis is $1,500.
Mr. SPALDING. Out where 1 live, the pay,
I know, is five hundred or five hundred and fifty
dollars. But I believe there is now before the
committee, of which the gentleman is chairman,
a petition for an increase of those salaries. If
the gentleman proposes to raise all these salaries
in proportion to the pay of these officers at Galena,
1 have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman thinks that the salary proposed in the bill
is too much, I will yield the floor that he may
move to amend.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move to amend by striking
out " eight handled," and insetting u six hun-
dred."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that amendment. I yield the floor to
have that amendment submitted.
The SPEAKER. The am^ndmentispending.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. GANSON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
to allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
it for that purpose.
Mr. GANSON. I presented a memorial from
the local inspectors of Buffalo, and I want to know
whether thia relates to inspectors of that char-
acter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does not.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 should hke to know what
is the reason for providing that these inspectors
shall be located at Galena, Illinois. May not
there be other points where more vessels arrive
and depart than fit G.tlenu?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my friend
from Ohio had been present when I made my
statement 1 think that he would have been satis-
fied without asking the qucstioh. The district
extends from the mouth of the Illinois river to
St. Paul and above. Galena is about midway be-
tween the two boundaries of the district.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 ask the gentleman whether
the inspector is required to make his headquarters
at any particular place, or whether he is merely
appointed for the district? Here it is provided
that these inspectors shall be located at specified
places. I desire to know from the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce whether this bill
harmonizes with the law in t>ther cases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, kdoes. The
inspectors are appointed for districts, and they
have to be located somewhere.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman does not an-
swer my question. Inspectors are appointed for
districts, but the gentleman's bill goes further,
and provides that these inspectors shall be located
at Galena.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
does not seem to comprehend this matter. By
the steamboat law the United States are divided
into nine supervising districts; there is a super-
vising inspector for each district,and in each dis-
ti ict there are local inspectors to aid the super-
vising inspectors. These supervising inspectors
have charge of this whole matter, and recommend
to Congress, through the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, what is required for the public good. They
recommend where boards should be established.
This is not merely a matter for position. The bill
only carries out the object of the steamboat lav/.
I will say to the gemleman from Ohio that the
duties of the supervising inspector have so in-
creased by bringing in tug-boats, ferry-boats, and
tow-boats, that it is impossible for him to perform
them without this assistance.
As to the question of the expenditure under the
law which we passed at the last session of Con-
gress, I will add that the fees more than pay all
the expenses.
Mr. WILSON. As this is not a matter of of-
fice, but of convenience for the district, I ask the
gentleman whether he is willing to allow me to
offer an amendment fixing one of these inspectors
at Dubuque, Iowa?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that there is any local question here. I.
hope that my friend will not interfere with a mat-
ter of this kind.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 hope that my friend will per-
mit me to move an amendment, to appoint in-
spectors at Paikersburg and Wheeling, West
Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to my friend fiom West Virginia precisely the
state of this question. There were no less than
four boards in that district; at Cincinnati, Wheel-
ing, Louisville, and Pittsburg. The supervising
inspectors recommended that the board at Wheel-
ing should be discontinued because there was no
necessity for it, and Congress at the last session
accordingly repealed that portion of the act. They
said that there was no necessity for a board at
Wheeling,as there was one at Pittsburg, within
one hundred miles, one at Cincinnati,and one at
Louisville.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois whether, if theie were none in his State, he
would think it right and just. We have none in
our State at all, and it is not light that we should
be thus deprived of that privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If any of
the gentleman's constituents at Wheeling desire ,
to have their boats inspected they can in twenty-
four or in twelve hours get a local inspector from
Pittsburg down there.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois how many of the steam-
boats navigating the upper Mississippi pass by
Galena.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I wish to state that it is
within my personal knowledge that the abolition
of the board of inspectorsat Wheeling has caused
great inconvenience, as the inspectors at .Pitts-
burg have had to leave their business there and
go to Wheeling. I hope the board at Wheeling
will be restored.
Mi. BROWN, of West Virginia. I hope tho
gentleman from Illinois will allow an amendment
to that effect to be offered. It is right and just
that we should lmve one board of local inspectors
in that State. The idea that the people of West
Virginia must go to Pittsburg to have their boats
inspected is preposteious.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I demand
the pievious question.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. Then I hop©
the bill will be voted down.
Mi. GARFIELD, i would inquire of the gen-
tleman where Galena is situated ?
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can tell
the gentleman; it is in the third congressional
district of Illinois; it is the residence of the greatest
military hero of the aive, General Grant. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment to offer an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the bill may be
read again. I was not in when this matter came
up; and the gentleman from Illinois is acting very
unkindly.
The bill was again read.
