1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. MALLORY. Now I move that the bill
be laid on the table.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman (torn Kentucky allow me to ask lum
a question ? Does lie desire to Iihvc the bill post-
poned for the purpose of having it printed?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I object to
all discussion.
Mr, MALLORY. I asked the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the demand for the previous
question to enable me to oiler an amendment. He
declined, and now let the bill meet its fate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 69, nays 58, not voting 55: as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Augustus
G*. Baldwin, John ILB.ddwm, Blair, lilis-g, Boyd, Broomall,
William G. Drown, Clay, Co.v, Cravens, Henry Winter
Davis,Thomas'!'. Davis, Dawson, Demni!*, Denison, Don-
nelly, Lden, Edgerton, Eldudge, Frank, Gannon, Gaifield,
Ons-wold, Uuie, Hauling, Uamngton. llornek, Hatching
Pliilip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfletseis, Kernan,
Kin;?, Knox, Law, Lazear, Lons, Mailory, McAlli&tci,
McUluig, McDowell, William II. Miller, Moorhead, James
It. Morris, Morut-on, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, I'cu-
d/etoii. Had ibid, Samuel J, llaiujall, Itobinsou. Rogeis,
James S. Ilolli'is>, Schenck. Scolield, Smith, Wiih.im G.
Steele, Stevt Stih^, atiouso, Tiacy, Wad-woith,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Win-
field—09.
N.
Bax
CharUe
J)i „ v   
Hooper, A-ahel W. Hubbard, JohiiJII. Hubbard, Ingei^oil'
O'laiido Ki'll()<rg, Longyoar, Maivin, McBiide, Melndae,
Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Moms, Amos Myei-, Nuiton,
Odell, Chailcs O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson, Peihain, Pike,
Puce, William II. Randall, Alexander 11. llice, John II.
Rice, Ethvatd II. Rollins Ko s. Shannon. Sloan, Snnth-
ei-., Spalding. Stuau, Thayer.Townsend. Up-=on, Ehhu B.
WaMilturne. Willcun B. WasiUmiu? and' Wibon—56.
NOT VOTING — Messis. Amos, Andoi^ou, Ashley.
Bail>. Dlainc, Uiandegee, Freeman CI a ike, Oofnnih. Cu'V-
well, Dunmnt, Enghr-h, Fan^worih, Fmck. Good). Gi ider,
Jlall, Chiliios JM. Haiti--, Ilolman. Uotchki-*-, Uulbutd,
Jj'iicke^, J:s51fin, liaison, Kolley, Finnow W. K<llo <r,
Ku.ipp, Lc Blond, Littlejohn, Loan, Maiey, MeKinney,
JUiddiolon, ISIoinil, Leonard Myers, Pcirv, Poineiov,
Prm n, Scott, Stnu, John B. Steele, Sweat, Thomas, V in
Valkeiibiu<ih, Vooihees, Waid, W< b^tor, Whalev, Wil-
liam*, Wilder, Wmdoin, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, Woodbiidge, Wouhtngioii, and Yeunuui—
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now demand theregu-
Jar ordei of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to reconsider the vote by wh ich
the bill of the House, No. 214, was recommitted
to the select committee. Reform that subject is
taken up the Speaker asks unanimous consent to
present several executive communications.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State transmitting, m compliance wi:h
the act of August 26, 1842, a report of the inci-
dental expenses of ihe State Department for the
year ending June 30, 18G4; which was lam on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication ftoni the Secretary of
the Treasuiy transmitting, in accordance with
the act of April 2, 1792, an account of the le-
ceipts and expenditures! oi' the United States Mint
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864; which
"was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment in relation to the appointment of commis-
sioners to award compensation to the owners of
slaves enlisted as volunteers; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the rn-
ports made by the Committee on Commerce this
morning were by unanimous consent, of course
this morning is not considered as one day charged
to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
committee was called m its regular order, after
first postponing the bill in reference to the ship-
canal. The committee, however, have had but
two fractions of morning hours, yesterday and
to-dav, and if there is no objection the Chair will
consider the committee entitled to another morning
hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I must require
that the Committee on Commerce be called in or-
der, and that it shall not be called again until the
other committees have had their turn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have had but one morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks otherwise.
The committee was called yesteiday and it was
called again to day. Yesterday the committee
was regulaily called, and it reported o*ne bill. To-
day it would have been called by unanimoifs con-
sent but the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hod-
man] objected. Then the Chair proceeded to call
the regular older of business, which was in re-
lation to providing that the heads of executive
Departments may occupy seats on thefloorof the
House of Representatives. Thereupon, upon the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, that was
passed by for the present, and the bill in relation
to the ship-canal was postponed, and then the
Committee on Commerce was called in its regu-
lar order. The Chair, therefore, thinks that they
have had two morning hours, although very short
ones on each day.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say to my friend
from OhiojJiat the bills which I propose to in-
troduce are to be referred to committees that will
meet to-morrow, and 1 desire to introduce them
for reference merely.
Mr. COX. 1 have no objection to yield if de-
bate does not arise.
OPINIONS OF ATTORNEY GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the publication of the
opinions of the Attorney Generals of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to aid in the construction of a
lailroad in the State of Iowa, for the purpose of
facilitating the construction of the Union Pacific
railroad; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now call for the reg-
ular order of business, and object to everything
else.
Mr. DIIIGGS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would be glad to yield
to all these gentlemen, but I am bound to the
Committee of Ways and Means not to yield any
more.
TRADE "WITII THE REBEL STATES.
The SPEAK ER. The Committee on Military
Affairs was discharged yesteiday from the fur-
ther consideration of the suhjectof trade between
the rebellious and loyal States heretofore referred
to them, but that subject was not referred to the
Committee on Commerce. If there be no objec-
tion, it will be referred to that committee.
No objection was made.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. McBRlDE. Allow me to make an inquiry
of the Chair in reference to the order of business.
House bill No. 69J, to authorize and aid in the
construction of a railroad connecting the Pacific
railroad in California with the Columbia river, in
Oregon, and Puget sound was postponed till thks
day.
The SPEAKER. It was postponed until
Thursday, the 26th of January, and it will come
up in regular order.
Mr. Mc BRIDE. I understand that it was made
the special order.
The SPEAKER. It was not made a special
order, according to the Calendar.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed bill of the House No. 621, making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1866, with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment bill of the House No. C59, making appro-
priations for the service of the Post OfHce Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, I866;and bill of the House No. 659, to
amend an act entitled " An act to ptovide ways
and means for the support of the Government,
and for other purposes," approved the 30th of
June. 1S64.
  Also, that the Senate had passed;a bill (S. No,
212) for the relief of Henry A. Brigham, in whic.h
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had adhered to their fourth
amendment to the bill of the House (No. 620} to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for ihe
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1865, disagreed to,andsuch disagreement at!
to by the House.
CABLET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution of the House (No. 214) to pro-
vide that the heads of Executive Departments may-
occupy scats on the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives was recommitted to the select commit-
tee upon that subject, and upon which Mr. Cox
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, the House is under
obligations to the committee for presenting this
measure. Great good and no harm will come from
afreeandfulldiscussion of the distribution of the
powers of the Government. In all innovations
the burden is upon those who propose ihem to
show their utility. The committee have proposed
to change the machinery of our Government in
two ways: first, that the heads of Departments
shall have at all times the right to occupy seats
and participate m debate upon all matters relating
to the business of their Deportments; secondly,
that on two days of the week they shall attend the
House and give information on all questions sub-
mitted to them.
The details of legislation- to carry out the^e
views I shall not consider. If the principle be
adopted the measures will soon lose any strin-
gency by amendments, and the coalescence of the
executive and legislative will become, as in Eng-
land, as perfect as the institutions of each country
will peimit.
I propose to discuss the question in the follow-
ing order; first, to answer the report; second, to
show the dangers of this innovation.
1. Toanswerthereport. Underthis head I con-
sider, first, the constitutionality of the measure.
The committee entertain no doubt on this head.
There is no provision against it in the Constitu-
tion, and it is regarded as a part of that power
by winch "each House may determine the rules
of its proceedings." 1 will not contest our power
to pass the resolution. But the discussion of its
merits will show that its passage will bean infrac-
tion of the spirit if not of the letter of the Con-
stitution, which provides that "no person hold-'
ing any office under the United States shall be a
member of either House during his continuance
! m office."
The same reasoning upon which this clause
of disqualification is founded should forbid the
admission of the Cabinet into Congress, either to
debate or answer inquiries. 1 shall show that
there is a stronger reason for the rejection of this
measure than for the rejection of the Cabinet
as members. That stronger reason is, that in
case of membership they are liable to expulsion
and censute, responsible to their constituents,
who hold over them the rod of public opinion,
backed by suffrage; while in the other case they
are responsible to no one for their official tenure
but the Chief Executive, whose subordinates and
servants they are. A hundred censures cannot
move them fiom their places. So long as they
suit the President they can contemn the severest
criticism and loudest anathemas of Congress.
When this clause of disqualification for mem-
bership was adopted it met with no opposition in
the convention. So says Judge Story. He adds
further:
" It has been deemed by one convention an admirable
provision against x'cnnlity. though not perhaps sufficiently
guaided to prevent evasion. And it has been elaborately
vindicated by another with uncommon earnestness."
—Story, page 310, see. 440.
And here it may be proper to say that the com-
mittee have invoked the wisdon and learning of
Judge Story to sustain their views. This is a mis-
take. The committee have quoted only theargu-
ments presented m favor of that side. Restates,
with equal point, the arguments upon the other,
leaviii'i the decision to the judgment of the student.
The committee have not done justice to the ques-
tion in thus partially presenting the case. I will
