THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
stfpply the omission by citing the omitted por-n
tions:
- " The other part of the clause', which disqualifies persons
holding any office under the United States from being
" members of either House daring their continuance 111 office,
has been still more universally applauded ; and has been
vindicated upon the highest grounds of pubiio policy. It
Js doubtless loundfed in a deference to State jealousy and
a sincere desire to obviate the fears, real or imaginary, that
the General Government would obtain an undue preference
over the State governments. It has also the strong recom-
mendation that it prevents any undue influence from office,
either upon the party himself or those with whom he is
associated in" legislative deliberations." *
And after the passage quoted by the commit-
tee, he proceeds to say:
"Such is the reasoning by which many enlightened
statesmen have not only been led to doubt, but even to deny
-the value of this constitutional disqualification. And even
the most strenuous advocates of it are compelled so Jar to
admit its force as to concede that the measures of the ex-
ecutive government, so far as they fall within the imme-
diate department of a particular office, might be more di-
rectly and fully explained on the floor of the House. Still,
however, the reasoning from the British practice has not
been deemed satisfactory by the public; and the guard in-
terposed by the Constitution has been received with gen-
eral approbation, and has been thought to iiave worked
well during our experience under the national Govern-
ment. Indeed, the strongly maiked parties iu the Biitish
Parliament, and their consequent dissensions, have been
ascribed to the non-existence of any such restraints; and
the progress of the influence of the Crown, anil the sup-
posed coiruptions of legislation, have beenby *oine writers
traced back to the same original blemish. Whether these
inferences are borne out by historical facts is a matter upon
which different judgments may ariive at diffeient conclu-
sions} and a work like the present is not the proper place
to discuss them."—Stary, pages 313, 314.
So that we may draw from these citations,
these reasons against the measure proposed by
the cofrimittee: first',extreme party dissensions,
owing; to the presence of the executive agents in
the House; second, the progress of the undue in-
fluence of the Executive; third, the corruptions
of the Legislature; fourth, a, well grounded jeal-
ousy of Federal predominance over State govern-
ments. But to me the principal reason is the un-
due and corrupting influences of such a connec-
tion upon both Cabinet and Congress. If this
reasoning be found valid, then the Constitution
is violated in its essential spirit by the disturb-
ance of that healthful equilibrium between the
legislative and executive which it was designed
by the framers of the Constitution to avoid. But
of these points I will speak particularly hereafter.
Second, the practice and precedents appealed
to by the committee.
The committee appeal to legislation and prac-
tice—to the law of 1787—authorizing the head of
the Treasury to make report, in person or in
"writing, to either branch. Because of these pre-
cedents they regard the power as unquestioned.
The fact that this law and custom, used in 1789
by the Departments of State and of the Treasury,
and yet unrepealed, has fallen into desuetude, is
rather evidence that not only has the guard of the
Constitution been regarded as sal-utary as against
membership, but, by "general approbation,"
against the entree of the Cabinet into the debates
and deliberation of Congress. At least, as Judge
Story says, the reasoning from the British prac-
tice has not been deemed satisfactory to the pub-
lic. In fact, as I shall show, the British experi-
ence led to their exclusion here. And yet u the
rules/' say the committee, "now recommended
are almost identical with those of the British House
of Commons." The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] has most thoroughly answered
this portion of the report. If, however, the spirit
of the Constitution is not to be regarded, the in-
expediency of the measure will be sufficiently
apparent.
Third, as to the influence of the Executive upon
the Legislature. The committee state that the
object of the resolution is to influence legislation
by the Executive. They would recognize that in-
fluence and give it authority. Assuming that such
an influence will, does, and must exist, they pro-
pose to make it open, official, and honorable, in-
stead of secret, unrecognized, and liable to abuse.
This sort of argument would find its par value in
an argument like the following: robbery in the
shape of burglary will exist; it is all wrong, but
it exists; let us recognize the fact, and by law
make it open, honorable, and authoritative, in-
stead of secret, nocturnal,and liable to be abused;
let us authorize highway robbery as something
bold and romantic. Or, prostitution exists, secret
and dangerous; let us license and legalize it, and
the practice, so deleterious when secret, will lose
its deformity when open. Executive influence
upon legislation is wrong, dangerous, and sub-
versive of freedom; it exists, but is now covert
and dangerous; let us make it open, bold, and
authoritative, and it will be innoxious.
If the means were constitutional and it would
dignify and purify the executive influence, I
might vote for it. But I cannot see that because
you increase the opportunities of executive con-
tact with the legislature you diminish the conta-
gion and the fatal corruption as its consequence.
Because you debar the Cabinet member from a
vote do you prevent his influence in the House?
If you require open debate do you stop secret in-
trigue ? Did not Walpole debate and corrupt the
House? Did not the younger Pitt defy Parlia-
ment even in debate, and coerce the Commons?
The whipper-in on a division, the manager of the
House, were not these incident to open and au-
thorized discussion? TheGovernmentfelt more
interest in the result of the vote, because it had
been called directly to the bar. It stopped at no
means to secure its triumph. The threats of the
third George again and again to leave the island
and to place those under the royal ban who voted
against his measures, was the accompaniment of
the fiercest wrangles of Parliament and the most
open arraignment of ministers. I admit that if
the influence of the Executive is desirable in our
legislation, it should be open, declared, and au-
thorized, rather than secret, concealed, and un-
authorized. But this resolution facilitates the
secrecy and authorizes the influence which we
deprecate and should prevent.
Fourth, as to the information to be derived
from the admission of the Cabinet, and the cases
cited by the committee.
Two objects are sought by this measure, say
the committee: first, general debate; second, in-
formation from Cabinet officers. Both are included
in the second specification. If the object were
only information, we have the means provided
already. Conferences by committees with the
Departmentsfurnish onemedium. The citations
appended to the report of the committee show that
this is almost always a prerequisite to the matur-
ing of measures. In the cases cited on pages
11, 12, 13, et seq. of the report, the complaints
were, not that the Departments would not furnish
information or recommend measures, but that in
those particular instances the information was not
definite or the recommendation made in writing,
But the debates in those cases showed that such
information and recommendation were easily ob-
tained. In the cases of the legal tender and
gold bill, the debate brought out the letters of the
Secretary of the Treasury. In the case of the
loan bill, the instance cited is most unfortunate
as an argument for this measure. The appear-
ance of the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of
ihe Treasury upon the floor of the House had the
effect of subverting the judgment of the House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had moved
that the interest of the bonds should be paid in
currency. It was carried by twenty-one major-
ity. Wh#n reported to the House, lo! it was
defeated 59 to 81, a change of forty-two on a
question as to which the House were informed
of the facts, as to which the executive officers
only expressed their wish and opinion! What
humiliation! No undue arguments were used;
no bribe or corruption is chaiged. Simply their
presence on the floor turned the heads of forty-
two statesmen ! If their casual visit and the ex-
pression of a wish without argumentation could
work such wonders, what sort of a body would
we become with the presence of the Cabinet here
twice a week for information and at all times for
debate and influence ? The other instance cited is
senatorial, on the bounty question. The only
trouble in that case was that the chairman of the
Military Committee had missed seeing the Secre-
tary of War, and failed to possess himself of any
authentic letter or recommendation of the Depart-
ment. No one doubted but he might have re-
ceived the information. The points were, not
that the recommendation was not made, but, as
Senator Clark said, (page 17,) the information
had not been asked for, and, as Senator Grimes
said, there had been no action of the Administra-
tion on the subject, or at least no unity of action.
Afterward, the letter of Mr. Stanton was read,
and the difficulty properly obviated.
So far, then, as the Congress require informa-
tion and advicefrom the Departments, they can al-
ways obtain it, perhaps in over-abundance. If it
come not in the graces of oratory it will come in
the more pithy, and, in this age, more useful, and,
in this House, indispensable, form of writing and
printing. If the ordinary reports of the Depart-
ments and the answers to resolutions of inquiry
are not sufficient, will not these informal inter-
views of members and committees with th§ heads
of Departments answer every purpose ?
If the object of the measure is information, we
have the media now. If it be to influence action,
that influence must be for good or evil. If for
good, always and inevitably, Congress is utterly
inconsequential and insignificant—a registering
body, a contemptible and expensive nonentity,
worse than the fifth wheel to a coach. For what,
sir, is the need of Congress, if all the recommen-
dations of the Executive are to be invariably fol-
lowed? Better dispense with all legislation, or
make our system conform to those cited by the
committee from Europe and South America,
where,except in England, (owing to peculiar cir-
cumstances hereafter considered,) the Legislature
is the tool of the ministry as the ministry is too
often the tool of the monarchy. If the Cabinet
influence is generally good and only exceptionably
vicious, we have the means already of reaching
its valuable suggestions, and I do not propose to
enlarge its sphere of evil. But if the influence of
the Executive is generally evil, corrupting to both
Cabinet and Congress, aggrandizing unduly one
department of power to the detriment of another,
and consequently to the derangement of our sys-
tem, and if it is only occasionally good, then we
are bound not only to prevent but to guard with
extreme jealousy every attempt to encroach with
such influence upon the province of the Legisla-
ture.
In the remarks which I have submitted, lmeet
the two propositions of the committee as elabo-
rated by them: first, that Congress should avail
itself of the best possible means of information
in relation to measures; for do wa not have at our
command all that we could get by the presence of
the Cabinet in the House? Second, as to the
character of the influence of the Executive upon
the Legislature; for have I not shown that this
measuiewill not prevent it being secret, corrup-
tive, or unauthorized?
Fifthly, a few words as to the argument ab irt-
convenienli. The committee somewhat anticipate
this objection. They say (page 5) that "it has
been said that the time of the Secretaries would
be so engrossed that they could not attend to the
discharge of their other duties. If this shall prove
true, they must have more assistance." It is an-
swer enough to appeal to members as to the con-
dition of their own business now before the De-
paitments. They arc nearly all behind. We
must have the ear of the heads of Departments;
and if they are compelled to attend here, and take
part in debates, what time will they have, even
with the aid of the assistants we have already
given, to attend to Department business? But I
leave to others the elaboration of this argument.
I say nothing now about their appearance and
speaking here delaying our own labor. That
would appropriately come under the aigumentum
ad misericordiamy [laughter,] for it would be in-
tolerably iiksome to have their explanations and
speeches here on all questions raised.
II. Imigntresttheargumenthere. Butlbelieve
this measure is fraught with great danger. It is
a step toward the absorption of the power of Con-
gress by the Executive, and therefore a step not
to be countenanced either at this time or at any
other time.
On this head I consider its effect, first, on State
rights. If, as I assume, this measure increases
the executive influence and absorbs the legisla-
tive, it tends to aggrandize and consolidate power
in the Federal Executive, and makes the array
against the States much more formidable, and
subtracts from them their proper influence in the
economy of our Government. Some of the com-
mittee are looked upon as strong defenders of the
reserved rights of the States. They look with
apprehension on the encroachments of the Fed-
eral Government upon the ungranted domain of
the States. It is for such that Judge Story's
; argument is emphatic, when he says that "the
restrictions upon executive connection with the
