1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The first portion of the third section was read,
as follows:
Sep. 3. And be it further enacted, That from ami after
this act takes effect, in lieu of the duties heietofore imposed
by Jaw on the impoitation of the m tides mentioned mi this
section, there shall be levied, collected, and paid the ioliow-
ing duties and rates of duty; that is to say:
On cotton, five cents per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, L move to strike out the line
reading " on cotton, five cents per pound."
Mr, MORRILL. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] will not
bec«dopted.
Mr. BROOKS. The reason I make this motion
to amend is that there is an excise duty of five
cents per pound laid upon home cotton. In point
of fact, this is a bounty to the present holders of
cotton, and will increase the value of what is in
their hands five cents per pound in addition to
the present value. Or to make myself clearer:
the moment this becomes the law, cotton will rise
five cents per pound in the hands of manufacturers
or commission merchants or those who have per-
mits to purchase cotton. The prices of all cotton
articles are now as high as this country will bear.
The amount of manufactures has decreased, and
will decrease much more, just in proportion as
prices are raised. Manufactures are not only
decreasing, but at the present time we are im-
porting Egyptian, Surat, and East India cotton
m general. Now, when we are to receive five
cents per pound excise duty on our home produc-
tion of cotton, it seems to me that in the present
condition of affairs, considering the present high
price of cotton goods, in which the poor are in-
terested more than the other classes, we ought to
be content with the excise duty. The reasons
■which apply to duties on other articles imported
do not apply to this. This is one of the products
of our own country. The revenue from the ex-
cise will be large, and the only effect of this duty
will be to increase the price of all cotton manu-
factures five, ten, or fifteen cents, proportionably
as the duty is raised here.
Mr. MORRILL. We have sometimes on this
side of the House dealt in hard words toward our
" erring southern brethren." But i venture to
say that no man in this House has ever pro-
posed a measure so harsh and sweeping in its
nature upon them as this proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York, (Mr. Brooks.] Wc
have already levied a tax upon the production of
cotton in our own country, and the gentleman
from New York after this proposes to allow our
own manufacturers to import cotton from abroad
free of duty,orin other words, to create a bounty
upon the production of foreign cotton. What
the Committee of Ways and Meatus propose is
to be perfectly fair in this matter of duties upon
cotton. If we levy a duty uju>n the American
article, then levy an equivalent duty upon the
foreign article.
Now, as it regards the amount of stock on
hand, perhaps there never was a time in the his-
tory of our country when there was a smaller
stock of cotton in the hands of speculators than
at present. I know that some favored pets have
received permits to get cotton from the South.
But unless they get it within our lines within a
very short time it will become subject to our in-
ternal duly, if the bill providing for that duty
shall become a law. Theie is also a very small
stock of cotton goods on hand. There has re-
cently taken place a great depreciation in their
value. Cotton goods that lately sold for fifty and
sixty cents a yard are now to be had at less than
forty cents.
Mr. GR1NNELL. At less than thirty cents.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; and I believe I
have seen them quoted at less than thirty cents.
With this heavy decline in the price of the raw
material, and in the price of the manufactured
article, what will be the result? The result will
reach foreign manufactures far more oppressively
than it will our own. In England, and to some
extent on the Continent, manufacturers are in the
habit of having on hand at least a year's stock of
the raw material, or of the manufactured goods.
They cannot supply distant markets with less.
But our manufacturers have no such stock. The
demand for our goods is now almost exclusively
at home. If this great decline should take place,
as iam led to anticipate, and if our manufacturers,
or those holding stocks of goods, had an amount
equal to that held by British manufacturers and
merchants, we might look perhaps for a greater
disaster to our trade in the coming year than has
ever taken place. But the imposition of this duty,
instead of being a hardship, will tend to break
the fall, and the article itself can at the present
time well bear the burden. 1 hope that it will
not be stricken out.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask whether it is
intended to allow a drawback on this cotton, if it
be exported in the form of cotton goods.^
Mr. MORRILL. It is provided in the internal
revenue bill that a drawback shall be allowed.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it is most unjust to
do so.
The Clerk read the following clause:
On illuminating oil and naphtha, benzine, and benzole,
refined or produced fiom the distillation ot coal, asphaitum,
shale, peat, petroleum, or rock-oil, or other bituminous
substances used for like purposes, forty cents per gallon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by adding
at the close of the clause just read the words " on
petroleum or rock-oil twenty cents per gallon; and
on crude coal oil fifteen cents." After a careful
examination of this clause of the bill I have come
to the conclusion that it does notcover the crude
oil, but only the refined. If it is not included the
rock-oil from the Canadas will be brought over
into this country, underselling us everywhere in
the market, defeating altogether the collection of
revenue from this source. Coal tar in a cheap
state will also be brought into the country from
New Brunswick and Nova Scotia; it will be after-
ward refined,and thus will evade taxation.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to insert
"on quicksilver twenty percent, ad valorem."
The tax is ten per cent. now. A considerable
quantity is imported into this country from France
and Spain, where it is produced by convictlabor.
Mr. MORRILL. We have not raised the ex-
cise duty on quicksilver in the recent internal rev-
enue bill, and I trust that the amendment will not
be adopted. If we had this amendment might be
proper.
Mr. COLE, of California. I will modify it so
as to make it fifteen instead of twenty per cent.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
words " made to patterns and fitter! to be laid
down on such roads or planes without further
manufacture," so that it will read, " on iron bars
for railroads or inclined planes, fifteen cents per
one hundred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to strike
out the last word. The duiies imposed by exist-
ing law on the importation of railroad iron con-
stitute a sufficient protection to the American
manufacture. These duties are now twenty cents
per pound—§13 40 in gold per ton. The freights
from England or Europe to this country are pay-
able in gold, and they are on the average $7 50
per ton. I nsurance is equivalent, to $1 50 per ton,
and the commissions on pmchases are equal gen-
erally to$l per ton. Then we have the aggregate
of $23 40 as a protection to the American manu-
facture upon the importation of this production
of railroad iron. Now, sir, we must double that,
for every thing is double m gold, and you have
$46 80 as the protection of the American manu-
facturer against the foreign producer.
Mr. Chairman, we should look at the present
capacity of the mills and manufactuiing estab-
lishments of this country for railroad lton, and
we should further examine the amount of the de-
mand which is made upon them by the com-
pleted and uncompleted railroads of this coun-
try. We require upon the whole system of our
American roads for reconstruction and repairs,
independently of the constiuction of a single
mile of new road, three hundred thousand tons
a year. The rolling-mills of this country are
incapable of producing that amount. Thiscoun-
try in its legislation has provided already, as far
as it could provide, for the construction of new
avenues of communication, new lines for the pur-
pose of developing the interests and productive-
ness of this country; and I ask, where are we to
obtain material for that construction if we by our
legislation here shall impose such duties upon
the foreign production as to exclude it?
It has been stated, and is undoubtedly true,
that the demand for the Government has been so
great during the last four years that establish-
ments constructed for the purpose of rolling rail-
road iron have been compelled to devote (heir
power to other manufactures for the use of the
Government. Tins may cease in the future, and
I hope that it will; but, in my judgment, from the
information 1 have obtained, we will be unable
in this country to produce the iron that is required
forthe purposeof repairand reconstruction alone,
to say nothing of that demanded by new enter-
prises on this continent, I therefore believe such
legislation at the present time is unwise.
We are looking in this bill for revenue. I de-
sire that the coffers of this Government shall be
filled as far as may be, and while I would not lay
my hand severely upon the American producer
and manufacturer, I would not put a duty on a
foreign importation so high as to preclude them,
and preventing the Government from having those
revenues which should flow into it when the tariff
of internal duties shall be adjusted according to
reason and judgment. I hope that we shall not
add to the duties already imposed on this aiticle.
Mr. COX. Did I understand thegentleman to
say that this was an increase of the present duty
upon railroad iron ?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Yes, sir; the
present duty is $13 40 a ton, and this adds $3,
making $16 40.
Mr. MORRILL. I am sorry to differ with my
friend from New York, for whose judgment I cer-
tainly entertain the greatest respect, with refer-
ence to this article of railroad iron. If there is
anything in the history of the last three or four
years that has given us strength, it has been the
ability of our country to produce iron in the
largest quantities. Without an enlargement of
the capacity of the country to its present extent
we should not have^been equal to the contest in
which we are no w engaged. The vast amount of
iron consumed by the piesent war is perhaps un-
known to most of the members of this House, and
thegentleman from New York has underrated the
capacity of our country to produce railroad iron.
If I am not greatly misinfoimed, that capacity at
the present time is more than double that stated
by the gentleman from New York; and yet,Mr.
Chairman, from the unfavorable action of this
House last year, both upon the subject of internal
taxes and the tariff, the amount which has been
imported has more than quadrupled in less than
two years, and is still increasing at a rapidly ad-
vancing rate.
I have taken pains to ascertain from the Treas-
ury Department the facts in refercnec to this
matter; but before Igive that information let me
remind the committee that last year we raised the
internal revenue tax upon railroad iron from &1 50
to $6 for two thousand pounds, and we made no
increase whatever in the tariff except to reduce the
ton from gross weight to net weight. This has
been thought to be a very great hardship upon
that interest, and the price of pig iron produced
in Ohio and Pennsylvania has gone down more
than one half. The price of that article but re-
cently was something like seventy to seventy-five
dollars per ton, and it is now less than forty dol-
lars, I am told, for the same quality.
The amount of railroad iron imported into the
country from abroad for year 1864 was 118,714
tons, amounting to $3,904,417, which was paid
for, of course, in com. The amount that was im-
ported for the quarter succeeding that, (ending
September 30, 1864,) was 39,664 tons, which is
at the rate of 160,0U0 tons per annum, provided
the same rate of importation continued during
the year, (as it is not probable it wiiI,) amount-
ing to $1,500,000 in gold, exclusive of taulT du-
ties.
Under these circumstances the Committee of
Ways and Means have not proposed any extrav-
agant measure; but after consulting with .many
members who last year voted against giving any
consideration for the internal tax levied upon
railroad iron they have agreed to report fifteen
cents per hundred pounds, or three dollars per
ton. 1 do not think the judgment of the House
will be that that much is wrong. I hope thia
provision will be agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out
the fifteenth, sixteenth, and seventeenth lines, as
follows:
On iron bars for lailroads or inclined planes, made to
patterns and fitted to be laid down on such roads or planes
