1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
the ministry, or the Parliament, which can upturn
the ministry. Henry V1H occasionally used his
Fai (laments, but used them through the personal
intei ference of Cardinal Wolsey in the House of
Commons. (Smythe, vol. 1, p. 345 ) His son,
Edward VI, by the influence of a bad minister
seeking control of Parliament,issued a proclama-
tion to influence members of Pailiament; a pre-
cedent followed afterward by Mary and by James
], and which in this country, if the Executive
were more nearly connected with Congress, would
follow every two years, and certainly every four
years, especially in time of civil war.
Then followed Elizabeth's reign. Great men
adorned her court; but around her crouched a
submissive Parliament. They were her knights,
and not her statesmen. She had her ministry
subservient to her female caprices; and they
" touched" her Parliament, and it bowed as to
an oriental princess. It is a relief to find, what
we so rarely find in our own times among the
Puritans here, that old Puritan parliamentarian,
Peter Wentworth, standing out of this gloom by
his conspicuous intiepidity—the forerunner of
the Iiampdens and Pyms of a later day. When
Elizabeth strove to stop legislation by the queen's
pleasure, on religious matters, he spoke as fol-
lows:
11 Wc are assembled to make, or abrogate, such lmvs as
may bo the chiefe^t surety, safe-keepinc, and enrichment
of this noble realm ot England. I do think it expedient
to open ihe commodities (advantages) that grow to the
prince and the whole State by tiee. speech u&ed m tins
place."
This he proceeded to do on seven different
grounds; and he concluded:
"That in this House, which is termed a place of Ace
speech, then* is nothing &o necessary for the preseivation
oi' the punco and State .is ueo speech ; and without thn,
it i-s a scnm and mocketv to call it a Pailiament-hoiw,
foi in tuuli it is none, but a very school ot' tlatfery and dis-
simulation, and so a fir, place to soive the devil <u,d hi-,
anmJa in, and not to glorify God and to benefit the Com-
monwealth."
The House, it seems, out of a reverent regard
to her Majesty'a honor, stopped him before he
had fully finished; and " he was sequestered the
House for the said speech." Finally he was sent
to prison; but we read of him, years afterward,
questioning with rare courage the dispensing
power winch lost James II his crown, and should
have lost Mr. Lincoln his—election. It wasttue
of this and subsequent reigns, as Dr. Burnet re-
corded, that he that will go about to debate her
Majesty's prerogative,had "need walk waiiiy."
The reign of the Stuarts is an era of conflicts,
signalized by the Slate craft of ihe kings, and the
protests of the Commons. The first JStuait, James
1, had invaded even the presence of the House,
bctit its members to the Tower, and contemplated
the beheading of others. lie had even torn their
proceedings from the journals. Prerogative went
so far that in the time of the fiist Chuiies no
Patliament met for twelve years, irregular levies
of money and men, and the severities of the Star
Chamber and High Commission, drove the people
to exile in America, and to despair of their liber-
ties. These institutions were the subservient Par-
liaments of the time—all their members being the
tools of tyranny. At last a minister propused
the ship-money tax. Hampden opposed; then
came the reaction and the revolution. The Par-
liament conquered; only to be in turn driven from
their places by the Protector, because their de-
bates were disagreeable. When the Restoration
came, the healing Parliament" met; and the
king was their suitor, but not Ions: a suitor. His
ministers were in Parliament. The republican
element was weeded out. It would have been
worse, but that the profusion of Chailes II m
his pleasures was so great that " no minister
could find sums sufficient to buy a Parliament."
He stood, therefore, on his prerogative, attained
ay far as he durst, and made all the use of it he
could." (Craftsman, No. 442.) He even depended
onfoteigu gold to bribe his Parliament and pam-
per his mistresses. The House continued eigh-
teen years, a large number of members practiced
on, and a large number notoriously bribed. When
a new Parliament was called their disposition was
so sordid, and the flatteries around the throne so
(iek'st.ible that the English historian blushes as
he records their slavish submission. ilusseiland
Sydney whine out of this time only by the halo
atound their wurlyr-brows. When Charles died
his brother; James II, added to tins corruption
another strain of the prerogative, and a degree of
bigotry which was wholly his own. The Parlia-
ment of his time had been managed, both at their
election and when they met; and so sucessfuliy
managed, that when James looked over the list
of returns he declared there were not more than
forty names which he could have wished not
there. It sat a year. A few brave words from
Coke of Derby, and he was sent to the Tower
for undutiful reflection on the king. Then came
another reaction. Itwassudden,und the Revolu-
tion of 1688 was accomplished.
From that time the influence of the Crown upon
the Parliament has "been most apparent and dele-
terious by their corrupt dependency on each other.
One of the first grievances to be remedied by the
new dynasty was the purification of the Com-
mons. A place bill was brought in. By it all
members ot the House of Commons were inca-
pacitated from holding places of trust and profit.
'Phis was the model of our constitutional clause.
It was passed m England finally, but rejected by
the king's* veto. Mr. lluilam (volume three, page
187) says;
"The baneful system of rendering the Parliament sub-
scivient to the adimni*tiation, cither by othees and pen-
nons held at pleasure, or by mote clandestine eoimption,
had not ceased with the house of Stuart. William, not
Ion* ailei liih accession, fell into the woi tpait oi this* man-
agement, winch it was dilhcult to ptevent, and, aecotdmif
to the piactice ol Chailes's reign, induced by seciet bubes
the leader* ot parliamentary opposition to betiay their cause
on pellicular questions."
Secret-service money was proved to have been
used among roembcis. Hallam enumerates the
facts, and from them it will appear why, even
after the place bill failed, a check was stiff put
upon the number and quality of placemen m the
lower House. Tile pioper remedy then was the
banishment, as our Amei lean ancestors provided,
of all the set vants of the Execuiivp from the legis-
lative councils of the nauon. One thing, however,
they did establish. In 1094the boaid of'lovonuo
were incapacitated fiom sitting in the House. In
lGi)U the law was extended. In 1700, by the act
of settlement, all officers were excluded. In 17011
the law was repealed, and but for this lepoal Eng-
land to-day would exclude the cabinet altogether;
but she preserved the principle and limited its ex-
tension.
One provision she did establish, which to-day
operates against an overwhelming influence of
the ministry. (Hallam, volume three, page 10],)
Every member accepting an office must va> ate and
a new election must be had. She excluded peti-
tioners. These provisions, says Do Lolme, (vol-
ume one, page 47G, &o,.,) originated fiom the
continued coimptinn of Parliament. An "act of
scent 11 v " I mining the number of persons in office
f hgible to Parliament was enacted. 1 refer to these
precautions in favor of liberty now as the argument
against the present measure. What was reason-
able then is, so long as human nature remains
the same,reasonable now. As DeLoime writes:
u It is impossible to question the policy of thc-c enact-
ment-. foi, .i> Algernon yjnney observes ' Men .ire natu-
inll.v propen^e to eoriuption ; and il he wim.-e will and in-
tfie-tf it is tn eoriupt them be furnished wiih tin- meruit,
he will ncvri fail to do n. Power, lumen.-, uehe-, and the
p]c;\suie« that attend them, aie the bail" by wliteh men ate
diavvn to pi ft oi a peisonal uiteie-.£ beloie the public good;
and the, number ot tho-,e who eovet them u so me.it that h e
Who abounds in them will be abb' to -inin so many to his
v«r\ ice h- Mull be Miili< lent to nklue the km. It i- haid
to find a t\ irmnyin the woild that has not beet) mttodueed
in this \\a>.' In until, lie who lias tasted the s-Aveol- ot
di.:hone^t .uid clandestine lueic would, in the woids ol Hie
poet, he no more capable aiteiwaulol abilannng from it
than a dot? fiom Ins ^lea.-y olial.''
Notwithstanding all these precautions, so long
as the ministry remained in the Commons, Par-
hamentwas paramount. In the time of Anne,in
1712, bills were again brought m still fuither lim-
iting the number of officers of Government who
could sit in Parliament. Fifty was proposed.
Even that number failed in the House of Lords.
The principle af preserving the influence of the
Crown unhappily prevailed. The same argu-
ments now used for this bill wcie used then.
The same indifference to personal probity and
political integrity are obseivable. Well might
GLucen Anne, therefore, dissolve one of her Par-
liaments, declaung it was her pleasure to admit
of no debate. Out of this iight arose the gobhn \
dawn of Walpole ! The forecastof the wise states- !
men of England had been exerted in vain. In I
vaoi had place bills been again tried; in vain were i
elections contested for bribery; in vain were mo- I
tions to retrench pensions. George II denounced
all such bills as ii villainous;" and his ministry
did not scruple to send Tories to the Tower for
contumacious debate. A bishop declared that an
independent House of Commons was as incon-
sistent as an independent king. Truly was it
exemplified. For the two powers became depend-
ent on each other, made so by the golden mean
of the minister who so long held his tainted sway.
Doubtless Walpole had his amiable qualities.
Some one says he would have been held worthy
The
of his high station had he never possessed it.
lines applied to him are well known:
" Seen him I have, but in bis happier hour
Of social converge, ill exchanged for power j
Been him, uncumbered by the venal tribe,
Smile without ait, and win without a bribe."
Doubtless he used the arts of persuasion. His
continuance in power is attributable not a little
to this resource, but mostly to his mercenary
management. He arose from personal merit.
He managed the king as well as the Commons.
Places, pensions, bribes, were profusely strewn
along the aisles of St. Stephen's; and though par-
tially hidden from the eyes of contemporaries by
the burning of the papers of the minister, yet as
Smollett re veals, (volume two, page 311,) the guilty
minister quarreling with a confederate, Mr. Stan-
hope, revealed their practice of selling places and
reversions. A memberstanding up said, " Since
they had by mischance discovered their naked-
ness, the other members ought, according to the
custom of the East, to turn their hacks upon
them." In his History,Mr.May (page300) says
that the majority of the House of Commons was
long retained in subjection to the minister by an
| organized system of corruption.
| This system was continued until the reign of
| George '11; and Lord Bute secured the aid of
Walpole's agent to keep up the management of
the Commons during the early part of the reign
of Geoige III. The war with America never
would have been undertaken or upheld but for the
purchase of Parliament by Lord North. Shops
were opened for members. Some years c£4J,000
of the secret service were used to purchase votes.
Stock-jobbing and lotteries were substituted for di-
rect bribes. Not until Mr. Pitt came into office
was there a stop put on these infamies, and then
only for a time. Contractors, nabobs, gold—these
are the words upon which the changes were rung
by Burke and others pleading, for reform in the
English Paihament, But Parliament strove in
vain; the age was corrupted by war and avarice;
i it was a time
j " When infamous Venality, ijiown bold,
1 Wrote on its bosom, To be let or bold."
j It was from this source that good men pre-
; dieted the rum of English liberty. Montesquieu
j said, " 11 pcrira lorsque la puissance legislative
j sera phis corrompue que Vexecutive." But for the
[ restraints of the press gradually freeing itself
from the toils of the time, and the public opinion
which was enfranchised oy the French Revolu-
tion, the admission of the public to the Commons,
( and the pubheityof thedehatcs, the English con-
stitution would either have been destroyed or
icvoliition would have changed its features into
something like our own. Of all the instruments
of despotism a paid Parliament is the worst,
ji ]ust as the corruption of the best things are the
i( worst. "Tyranny," said Sydney Smith, speak-
I mg of this tune, 44 is woisuvhere a majority of a
! popular assembly are hiicd, and a few bold and
j able men by their brave speeches make the people
believe they arc free." The secret influence of
the Crown was at work through the influence of
the younger Pitt all through the French wais,and
was sapping by its corruption the foundation of
English liberty. From that time till the last re-
form bill of 1860 efforts have been made to lessen
the corruption and bnbery of the English elec-
tions and Parliaments, but in vain. So long as
men are moved by their interests, so long will
places, honois,emoluments, contracts5and power
feed the servile horde of mercenaries who wifl buy
out of the labor of the oppressed and tax-ridden
people the very offices of legislation to prostitute
them to power.
I do not detain the ITouse with the specific
modes by which the Crown or the ministry have
ruled England through a suOoidmated Parliament.
Sometimes they made the Speaker; sometimes
fcjhut the Opposition members in the Tower; some-
