THE CONGKESSiOtfAL GLOBE.
February 28,
enlistment of persons chargel with crime in the
District of Columbia as substitutes in the Army
and Navy, and to prevent frauds at the District
jail in the city of Washington; and moved that
the report and bill be primed, and that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to
The hour of half past four p. m. having ar-
rived, the House took a recess till half past seven
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in answer
toa resolution ofthe House inquiring if any order
lias been issued prohibiting colored persons from
leaving Washington without a pass.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the communica-
tion be printed and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War in
answer to a resolution of the House inquiring the
number of troops furnished by California, and
concerning the enforcement of the draft in that
State.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the communi-
cation was accordingly referred and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War in
answer(to a resolution of the House inquiring the
amount of money paid for the use of Hie steamer
Vandeibilt.
Laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to postpone the special
order for this evening, until after the tariff bill
shall have been concluded. If the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Rice, of
Massachusetts] desires it, 1 will move that his
committee have to-morrow evening.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 must object
to that. This evening has been specially assigned
by the House for the consideration of the busi-
ness of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and it
was upon my own motion that this evening session
was held. 1 think it is butdue to the committee,
and necessary to the welfure of the Government,
that the business with which the committee has
been charged by the House shall be considered
this evening. There has been no opportunity
since the recess of Congress for this conn,uttee to
report. We have some measures which we are
very anxious to present. 1 think that the time
having been specially assigned to the committee
by the House we are entitled to it.
Mr. MORRILL. How long will it taker
Mr. RICE,of Massachusetts. ] do not know
how long. But 1 think the Committee of Ways
and Means should not seek to deprive us of the
opportunity of using the time which has been as-
signed to us by the House, i hope, therefore,
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have no disposition tode-
prive the Naval Committee of properopportunity
to get their bill before the House. I am willing
to leave it to the House to say whether it is not
best that the tariff bill which has been before the
House should be concluded and sent to the Sen-
ate, in order that it may be acted on there, or
whether it is best to devote the evening to other
business-
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentleman
will have his time to-morrow morning. I hope
the motion will not prevail.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Vermont mbve to postpone till to-morrow even-
ing ?
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will not
undertake to assign this business to to-morrow
evening. I have been waiting for an opportunity
to bring before the House some privileged ques-
tions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that I have in my charge a privileged report,
which I have postponed until the gentleman from
Vermont could get through the tariff bill, so that
it might go to the Senate. 1 shall insist on my
right to bring in that report as soon as the tariil
bill is disposed of.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. We cannotobject to any-
privileged report which the gentleman from Illi-
nois has the right under the rules to bring in. But
our committee, charged with business connected
with the organization and administration of the
Navy of our country, has not had for three
months an opportunity to report to this House;
and there are before the committee matters that
seriously concern the efficiency of our Navy. The
chairman of the committee, with great persist-
ency, only justified by the importance of the case,
has insisted for a week past in having a day as-
signed for the business of this committee; but the
Committee of Ways and Means have occupied
almost the entire time of the House for the last
week.
Mr. STEVENS. Why, sir, the enrollment
bill has occupied four days to one that has been
occupied by our business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont is to
postpone the special assignment for this evening
till to-morrow evening.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. It must be obvi-
ous to every member that if we expect this bill
to be acted on in the Senate it must be put through
to-day. I therefore demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
On the motion to postpone the special order,
there were, on a division—ayes 47, noes 40.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill,
and Rice of Massachusetts, were appointed,.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes £7.
So the special order was not postponed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to further supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1865, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
oidered to be printed,and made the special order
for to-morrow and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged report.
The SPEAKER. When a time is assigned
for a committee, they have the exclusive right to
that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Doesaspe-
cinl older shut out any report?
The SPEAKER. A special order does not,
but an assignment of a day or an evening gives
exclusive right, for otherwise the Committee of
Elections might come in and consume the whole
time. Does the gentleman from Massachusetts
yield to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I cannot, for
if I yield to the gentleman I must yield to others.
NAVAL JUDGE ADVOCATE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am instructed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs to report a
bill to establish the office of Solicitor and Naval.
Judge Advocate.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
that bill has been recommended by the Secretary
of the Navy. He has reported that numerous
law cases occur in his Department from time to
time which demand the attention of a solicitor to
be attached to that Department. There are ques-
tions iri relation to the formation and interpreta-
tion of contracts, and in relation to proceedings
in courts-martial which have to be decided. The
Secretary has informed us that the Department
will be greatly facilitated in its action by the ap-
pointment of such an officer, and that it will re-
sult in a great saving to the Government. The
committee were unanimous in reporting the bill.
1.understand that the Senate committee have also
approved a similar bill.
The salary fixed in the report of the Secretary
of theTreasury was $4,000, and the Committee
on Naval Affairscutdown iheamount $500, mak-
ing it §3,500. We also provide that the office shall
continue only during the rebellion and one year
thereafter.
Mr. GARFIELD. I want to know what the
provision means in reference to limiting the fees
forrecording the proceedings Of rtaval courts-mar-
tial to $200. I want to know why we should
allow fees to a salaried officer.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The existing
law allows beyond that sum, and we have thought
it proper to limit it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Are these fees to be paid
to this solicitor in addition to his salary?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. They are not,
and I think that if the gentleman will read the
paragraph he will be satisfied. It provides that
the fees for record of naval courts-martial shall
not in any case exceed $200.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
that the Naval Affairs Committee have brought
in a bill to create this new office with a new sal-
ary. I think that we can get along without it.
Mr. DAWES. Are these fees to go to the So-
licitor of the Navy Department?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. They go to
whoever makes the record of the court, wherever
that may be. The office of the Judge Advocate
General is to be at the Navy Department.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. BLISS. I would like to have this bill
more definite. It provides that this office shall
continue during the rebellion and one year after-
ward. 1 would like to have it more specific.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It will require
a year to finish the business which will have ac-
crued in the Department. We desire that he
shall continue no longer than his services are ne-
cessary.
Mr. SPALDING. When this subject first
came before the Committee on Naval Affairs I
was opposed to it in toto. On consultation with
the Secretary of the Navy I found that he was
compelled to pay out four times the amount to
attorneys,and I was willing to agree to it if the
office were made temporary. It is only to con-
tinue during the rebellion and one year after-
ward, and to pay the officer $3,500 instead of at-
torneys four times that amount.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed,
and it goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was not agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF ADMIRALS AND OTHERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 535) to further regulate the appointment
of admirals, and for the appointment of certain
volunteer officers in the Navy, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed,it was accordingly read the third time.and
passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Aftairs, reported back a bill (H.
t
