1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
si
It. No. 605) to increase the pay of midshipmen,
and for other purposes; with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconside/be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
NAVAL SERVICE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to amend
certain acts relative to the naval service, and for
other purposes; which was readafirstand second
time by its title.
The bill was read in exlenso.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think it is
proper that 1 should make some explanation of
this bill, but I will detain the House only a few
minutes.
The first section amends the seventh section of
the act of February 24,1864, which provided that
in case of the transfer of seamen and ordinary
seamen who had enlisted in the Army, to the
Navy, the amountof the bounties which they had
received from the State or from the national Gov-
ernment when enlisting* should be deducted from
any prize money to which such seamen might be-
come entitled during the term of their enlistment.
The Comptroller of the Treasury has stated that
it is impossible for him to carry out that provision,
inasmuch as he has no means whatever of ascer-
taining what amount of bounty any such seamen
had received from the State or national Govern-
ment at the time of his enlistment into the Army.
The act has in fact become inoperative. This
first section repeals that provision.
The second section provides that any person
•who shall desert from the naval service of the
United States shall, after his apprehension or re-
turn to the service, be required to serve an addi-
tional time equal to that during which he was
absent from the service; and that he shall serve
that additional time in addition to any penalties
which may be inflicted upon him as a punish-
ment for his desertion.
The third section reduces the pay of the officer
now charged with experiments in gunnery at the
"Washington navy-yard, and saves some twelve
or fifteen hundred dollars a year.
Mr. KASSON. I call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs to the fact
that that law has been already repealed in an ap-
propriation bill passed at this session.
Mr. RICE.ofMassaehusetts. Thatonly shows
that another committee of the House had theirat-
tention called to the same subject.
The bill further provides for the amendmentof
the tenth section of the prize law, so as that fleet
surgeons, fleet paymasters, and fleet engineers
shall participate in the distribution of prize money
with the other officers attached to the vessels of
the fleet. They were accidentally omitted at the
time when the prize law was passed; and the bill
still further provides that the act of July 4,1864,
which provides for the payment of not exceeding
sixty dollars to the crews of vessels sunk or de-
stroyed in action during the present rebellion,
shall be applied to such officers. This bill limits
the application of that provision to such ships
as have been so lost or destroyed since the com-
mencement of the present rebellion. The pro-
vision is rendered necessary by the fact that a
large number of old claims for such losses ante-
datingthe present rebellion have been brought in.
The bill further provides that the provisions of
the pension law of July 4, 1864, which says that
persons in the military service of theUnited States
shall be entitled to a pension of twenty dollars a
month for the loss of both feet, and twenty-five
dollars a month for the loss of both arms or both
eyes, shall also apply to persons who have suffered
in like manner during their service in the Navy.
There seems to be no good reason at alt why a
man who loses his legs, or his arms, or his eyes
in battle in the naval service should not be entitled
to the same pension that is provided for those in
the military service. 1 believe that there can be
no objection to the provisions of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire toaslc the gentle-
man a question in regard to the first section of
this bill. It occurs to me that those men who
enlisted in the Army and received bounties in the
Army and afterward were transferred to the Navy
ought not to keep the bounties which they re-
ceived in the Army and then have all the pay,
emoluments, and prizes that they receive in the
Navy. It offers a premium for men to'go into
the Army first and then get transferred into the
Navy. I think that first section ought not to
pass.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. My friend from
Ohio was quite right in his first impression, and
the provision of law is as suggested by him. I
recollect that my attention was called to it at
that time. But, as I said when I commenced my
explanation, the law is practically inoperative.
Now, inasmuch as transfers from the Army to
the Navy have almost entirely ceased, and the
number of seamen transferred who have become
entitled to any prize money is very limited, the
ComptrolleroftbeTreasury says, in aletter which
I have here, that it is impossible for him to carry
out the provisions of that law, and it is upon his
request that this modification is made.
Mr. GARFIELD. Could not the bounty be
taken out of their pay?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. If my friend
will understand the point, it is this, that there are
no means by which the Comptroller can become
informed of the amount of bounties which these
persons have received. The committee have
looked into this subject very carefully, and they
find that the law is practically inoperative.
Mr. GARFIELD. They can find out, cer-
tainly, what bounties have been received from the
General Government.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir; but
not what bounties have been received from States,
counties, and individuals.
Mr. GARFIELD. Why not have it so that
the State and local bounties shall not be returned,
but that the Federal bounties shall be? We ought
to deduct the bounties that we know of.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. As I said be-
fore, the cases amount to nothing of any account,
and the officer of the Government charged with
the execution of this duty says that it is impos-
sible for him to carry it out. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. V
DESTRUCTION OF TUB ALABAMA. \r
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, repottgiLB-.hilLiSi
ejiaiponsato the officers and crew of the United
States steamer Kearsarge for the destruction of
the rebel piratiea1~TCSsel Alabama; which was
rend a first and second time. _
"The blFTTriitructs the Secretary of the Navy to
pay to Commodore John A. Winslow and the
officers and crew belonging to the United States
steamer Kearsarge while engaged in the capture
and destruction of the rebel piratical vessel Ala-
bama, on 19th June, 1864, the sum of $190,000,
the same being the estimated value thereof; the
said amount to be distributed to the officeis and
crew in the same manner as prize money, and to
be in lieu of the bounty authorized by the eleventh
section of the act of June 30, 1864, to regulate
prize proceedings, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to make any
point of order on this bill, but I wish to inquire
whether there is any general law authorizing the
payment of bounty money in such cases.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 will be happy
to explain to the gentleman from Indiana if he
will give me his attention for a moment. The
eleventh section of the prize law passed the 30th
of June last authorizes bounty to be paid foreach
man on board of an enemy's vessel which is de-
stroyed by any vessel of the United States of$100
per man, provided that the enemy's vessel so de-
stroyed is of inferior force to the vessel by which
|j she is destroyed, and of §200 per man on board
the enemy's vessel if it be of equal tor supet.or
force to her captor or destroyer.
The tenth section of the same bill also provides
that where a vessel of the United States Navy
captures an enemy's vessel and brings her into
port, if the captured vessel be of equal or superior
force to her captor, then the whole value of the
vessel goes to the captor. Everybody in the
House is sufficiently familiar with the ravages of
that piratical vessel, the Alabama, upon American
commerce, and with the great anxiety that pre-
vailed not only among the members of the Gov-
ernment but also among commercial men every-
where, that that vessel should be captured or
destroyed. She was so captured and destroyed
on the 19th of June last; and the service thus
rendered to the country and to its commercial
business by her destruction has seemed to be of
so great importance as to demand on behalf of
the captors something more than the paltry sum
that they would get by the payment of §200 a man
for every man on board of the Kearsarge. The
Secretary of the Navy has consequently recom-
mended that substantially the provisions of the
tenth sectionof the prize lawshall be carried into
effect in this case—that is, to give to the captors
of the Alabama substantially the advantages
which they would have derived had they suc-
ceeded in bringing the Alabama into port.
I believe that the Secretory of the Navy; for
the purpose of ascertaining what would be a fair
sum to award to the captors under the tenth sec-
tion of the prize law, ordered a board of naval
officers to make an estimate of the value of the
ship and her equipments; and that board reported
the value to be, according to their estimate,
$190,000. That sum is very much less than the
cost of the vessel or her estimate abroad. I
think she cost originally £58,000, which would
be some $240,000 in gold. And this is a propo-
sition to give to her captors $190,000, which is
only the sum to which they would be entitled
had they succeeded in bringing the vessel into
port.
It seems to me, sir, that the service performed
by Commodore Wmslowand his associates was
of that brilliant and useful character both to the
reputation of the country and to the protection
and safety of our commerce that it is eminently
worthy of the recognition of Congress, as it has
been recognized by the people throughout all
portions of the loyal section of the country. 1
trust the House will concur in the object of the
bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts as to whether
it has been the habit of the Government hereto-
fore, where a vessel has been destroyed by one of
our cruisers, to allow compensation in lieu of the
prize money to which they would be entitled if
they had taken her into port.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Of course the
instances in which such compensation would be
paid wonld be very rare, because the circumstances
under which such compensation would be recom-
mended or made would be of the most extraordi-
nary character—in one word, would be of as ex-
traordinary a character as that which is now
under consideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish to know
whether the Government has ever heretofore al-
lowed as prize money the value of the vessel sunk
by one of our cruisers.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have endeav-
ored in what I have already said to explain that
the conditions of this bill seem to be entirely in
aecord with the principle that is involved in the
tenth section of the prize law, which is that in a
case where an enemy's vessel is of equal or of
superior force to the captor, the whole value of
that vessel shall go to the captors and no portion
of it accrue to the United States. In this case the
Kearsarge destroyed the Alabama, sending her to
the bottom, and therefore did not bring her into
port; and the officers and crew of the Kearsarge
are thus deprived ofthe prize money which would
have fallen to them by the sale of the vessel.
But the service they have rendered is of so dis-
tinguished a character that it has been deemed
proper and just to recognize it by giving them a
sum equivalent to the estimated value of the ves-
sel when she was destroyed.
I am unable to answer categorically the ques-
tion propounded to me by the honorable gentle-
