1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
to yesterday in debate! What the princes of La-
hore, with their Koh-i-noors? A whole casket
lies in his glance; for is he not the dispenser of
$500,000,000 a year? [Laughter.] What to him
the civil list of George ill, which the Speaker Nor-
ton told the king was great beyond example? Mil-
lions hang upon his smile, where only thousands
hung upon the smiles of the proud monarchs of
England! What to him are the satrapies of the
Indies? Whole hecatombs of greenbacks daily are
sacrificed by his order! In plain attire, but poten-
tial mood, he comes! Far off his coming shines;
in form and seeming buta man, butm imagination
like the angel of the pit, floating many a rood on
the burning marl of war! About him herd thou-
sands of slaughtered beef. [Laughter.] Around
him throng millions of tons of forage; guns and
wagons, horses and mules—an innumerable host,
too great for the contracted mind of man; and from
his brow hang bounties for millions, and honors
for all! Before hirn fall, as before an oriental
throne, the pi ostrate House. In vain the Speaker
calls to order! In vain the 'Scrgeant-at-Arms
brandishes the mace ! Our symbol falls before the
golden wand of this magician of war ! Atlength he,
too, deigns to sit. He is flunked by my military
colleagues, [Messrs. Schenck and Garfield,]
and the House is ready with their questions ! Rare
diversion here, Mr. "Speaker. The record pro-
vided by the Clerk is produced. My colleague,
[Mr. Sci-ienck,] or rather my colleague, [Mr.
Garfield,] with that sense of mihtaiy skill and
courage for which he is so distinguished, is the
first to rise to inquire of the War minister, and
notwithoutembarassment. The House is breath-
less as he asks—what? Whether the blowing out
of the bulkhead of the Dutch Gap canal by But-
ler has seriously affected the backbone of the re-
bellion? [Laughter.] If ay, how many vetebrcc
are demolished ; and after conference with the i
Naval Committee, whether the canal, in case of a ;
tempestuous sea, is navigable for double-endeis; j
and whether they cannot go either way theiem j
without turning lound ? [Laughter.] I
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] i
would call up the head of the Treasury and ask
whether it would be best to tax the whisky drank
in the last century, with a view to assist Legisla-
tures of States to a patriotic choice of Senators,
[laughter,] and if so, what amount should be j
levied on the spirits of '7G? [Laughter.] The!
chairman of the Ways and Means—ever ready i
to defend his positions—would inquiie, with the ;
gravity of Pluto's iron countenance, whether it |
would not be wise to enact a law punishing with I
death all who might sell peanuts and putty on any
other than a gold basis. [Laughter.] A chorus
of voices would inquire whether the Treasury
could not so interpret the five percent, income tax
.as to relieve members recently defeated from all
tax upon their mileage in the next Congress.
[Laughter.]
Then the venerable Secretary of the Navy would
be put to his catechism. A member from Massa-
chusetts would inquire what effect the paymentof
codfish bounties, as a nuisery for our seamen,
would have upon the navigation of the iron-clads.
[Laughter.] I might be tempted myself to ask
of the same venerable master of the trident
whether the Abyssinian was used by Cleopatra in
her naval service; if so, were they at the battle of
the Nile; and " were they there all the while."
[Laughter.] If so, what Pompey thought of it.
[Laughter.]
But the gentleman from Vermont, ever alive to
the interests of New England, [Mr. Morrill,]
would inquire triumphantly of Mr. Fessendon
whether the tai iff should not be so amended as to
increase the duty on dyesfuffs and paper, so that,
on afuture issue of$37,000,000,000 of greenbacks,
the tariff will be prohibitory, the prices raised,
and a satisfactoiy deficiei cy be produced in our
revenues. [Laughter.] Or whether, by raising
the price of dyestuffs and paper, the value of
greenbacks in the market might notbe made equal
to the cost of their manufacturer [Laughter.]
But what a stunning blow would be given by a
Democratic member, who, using solemnly, should
inqtureof the War Depaitment what protection,
in caseof foieigu war, is afforded by the manning
of Fo{ is Warren and La Fayette by their present
loyal force; if so, how many are there at this time;
how long have thry b"e  there, and with what
prospect of relief. [Laughter.] I think my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Harris] would ask that
question. [Laughter.]
Nor should the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] the most useful member of this House,
ever faithful to the soldier, be omitted from the
programme. What, with crushing results, could
lie inquire of Mr. Stanton, whateffectour Demo-
cratic efforts here to increase the pay of the sol-
diers has had on the recent elections. And if not,
why not? [Laughter.] Perhaps this,too, interests
my colleague in front, [Mr. Pendleton,] who
took some interest in soldier's pay and the last
election. [Laughter.] Or, rising to the innocent
sublime, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grin-
nell] should ask the Navy Department 
Mr. EDGERTON. .What gentleman from
Iowa does the gentleman mean?
Mr. COX. My pastoralfnend. [Greatlaugh-
ter.]
Mr. GPJNNELL. I simply wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether he proposes to re-
vive the church-partnership movement in the State
of Ohio.
Mr. COX. I have no doubt the question put
by the gentleman from Iowa is very appropriate,
and that it should have been addressed to one
of the Cabinet ministers; but I did not hear it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I am opposed to the ad-
mission ot Cabinet ministers.
Mr. COX.. 1 know you are opposed to it; but
if they should come in you would probably like
to ask a question about the sheep business. You
would naturally, perhaps, ask the question of the
Secretary of the Navy, iVIr. Welles, whether or not
the A rgonau tic expedition of Admiral Jason would
have had any effect,in case the Golden Fieecehad
been captured m Australia, either on the gold
market or the price of wool. [Laughter.]
I piesent these fanciful questions as an argu-
mentum ad ubsurdum. If such questions were put
by the veterans of the Houm1, what might we not
expect fiom the uwkwmd squad? [Laughter.]
One thing only they aro designed to show: that,
ridiculous as they seem, they are not more ri-
diculous than the questions of the English par-
liamentarians. which are invariably laughed at
or avoided. These illustrations of the abuse of
the legislative by the executive power are drawn
from a country where the Government is parlia-
mentary, and the ;esponsibility ministerial, in
our country the Government and lesponsibility
arodistiibuU'dbetv.'Cen the Executive and the Le-
gislate e, and theie i* no such thing as a mimste-
iis.il responsibility. The Executive is responsible
to the people, en the expnation of his term of
office, and no responsibility exists to the people
or to the Congress which can, before that time,
remove him. But enough is shov^n to conclude that
if the Executive by us Cabinet were in contact
with the Legislatuie, the people would lose,
through the aggressions of power and the per-
suasions of couuption, their shaie of the Gov-
ernment, and the Legislature, icpresentative of
their interest.', would become the pliant instru-
ment of the Executive. The democi atic element
of our institutions would be expunged, and the
power which in England reached Parliaments and
people to corrupt and enslave would here be used
for the some purpose.
Tiie Executive here ss not above the motives
which have swayed men m high office in other
times. Theie is a constant tendency in the Ex-
ecutive to enlarge his power. The princes of
antiquity used to deify themselves. Even the Eng-
lish kings "surrounded their persons with the
jus divinwn." We find in democratic Americaa
perpetual ascription of glory to power. Even
in this House I have heard members say 'k Adopt
this policy, because our rulers have ordained it."
Indeed, the committee in this report have trans-
fixed several members of this House on this point
of passive obedience to the powers, (see page 15 )
The gold bill and loan bill are the acts I refer to,
and the gentlemen are from New York, [Mr. Mor-
ris,] from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] and
others. When the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stkvlks] spoke he gave another voice.
" I bow," he says, 4*to the opinion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury—if it h right." I might
well behevc that he would riot fall into an unrea-
soning acquiescence with the judgment or wish
of any Department. 1 read in the debates ot the
Pennsylvania constitutional convention in 1837,
upon the dangers of Federal and Cabinet influ-
ences, that when Walter Forward sought to di-
vorce his State from such dangerous and fatal
connection and patronage, he gave his earnest sup-
port to Mr. Forward. I reckon upon his vote
against this measure, which has similar tenden-
cies.
The report^ dwells upon the practice of other
countries besides that of England. I will not seek
to draw my lessons in legislation from France, or
even Italy or Spain. We know what degree of
liberty is allowed in those lands. I doubt if France
has made any progress in her assemblies since
the middle ages. It is related of the minister De
Marigny, that wishing to gratify the king, Philip
le Bel, in a levy of taxes, he called the Assembly
of States; a great scaffold was erected; the king
lords, and bishops took their places on it; and
the Commons attended at its foot. The minister
proposed an excise. The king, says an old chron-
icle, rose from his throne and advanced to the ex-
tremity of the scaffold that he might second by
his looks the harangue of his treasurer and see
who refused and who consented.' This is the idea
of the committee. The Cabinet will be here, not
to vote, but, by their looks, to second the demands
of the President; and woe to him in all future
who dares to vote against the Administration!
The eyes of the Cabinet will be upon him. Bas-
tiles, Towers, imprisonments, may be powerless
now, to influence us; but who has not constitu-
ents of influence at home, anxious for the fat of
contracts or the drippings of office!
Mr. Speaker, if I did not believe that this meas-
ure would tend to increase the power of the Ex-
ecutive at the expense of the Legislature, I would
have remained silent. But,sir,in times like these
I would be mostcareful of the purity of the Legis-
lature. I believe that in these days of usurpa-
tion of power, when unheard-of claims and inex-
plicable conduct have marked the executive career;
when the power of Congress in foreign affairs has
been denied at a distant court; when the laws we
pass here are set aside by the minions of power,
and when the State is afflicted with a civil war
and its incidents of expense, patronage, and in-
creased authority, that we should guard our por-
tals as sacred from the intrusion of the ministers
of that power which debauches. I must enter my
negative to the opportunity for corruption. I do
not forget the prayer that we be "not led into
temptation." I base my opposition to this meas-
ure in the depravity of our nature. I remember
that nations have fallen when their rulers yielded
to the lures of the mercenary. Rome reared her
grandeur by centuries of virtue, wisdom, and
blood. When she lost her virtue she lost her
grandeur and her power. Luxury favored cor-
ruption, and venality gave to the tongue of her
Juvennls the fiercest shafts of satire. When her
magistrates were elected by bribes, the sentences
of her judges were purchased and the decrees of
her senate were sold, then her liberties fell, and
the mistress of nations became the scorn and prey
of the barbarian. Then she was ruled by a Clau-
dius, a Nero,' a Caligula, and a Narcissus; by min-
isters who were emancipated slaves, parasites to
power, and panderers to rapacity. Shall such be
the finale of these, our terrible trials? Let us be-
ware that we do not open the door to this mask of
death, this saturnalia of hell. Whether such
would be the result of this junction of the Legis-
Ialuie and the Executive, it is not forme to allege;
but I would not open the breach, even if I were
careless of the attack.
It is thought that this union of the Cabinet and
Congress will elevate the standard of eloquence
and statesmanship. England is pointed at as an
example. The greatest efforts of oratory have
been made against ministerial corruption and ex-
ecutive aggrandizement even there; and now m
England, where the system is in full operation,
the forum cannot boast greater names than those
who opposed these encroachments upon the pop-
ular assembly. Pym, Hampden, Wenfworth,
and Falkland m theirgieatstruggles with Charles;
Pulteney, Wyndham, and Boiingbroke in their
stiuagles against the corruptions of the time of
Anne; Chatham, thundering against George III
and his minister, and Fox echoing back his De-
mosthenic philippics against the son of the great
Commoner; Burke with his splendid imagery; Er-
skine with his pure andearncst style; the finished
precision of Wedderb.urn; the silver tongue of
