AAA
XlX
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 26,
Murray; the gentle persuasiveness of Wilber-
force; the splendor of Sheridan; the wisdom of
Camden; the vigor of Lord Grenville; the epigram
ofGrattan; the brilliance of Canning; the substan-
tial logicof Peel; the invective, pathos, and humor
of O'Connell; the brilliant antithesis of Shiel; the
masterly force of Lyndhurst, and the rushing ve-
hemence of Brougham, all adorn the parliamentary
oratory of England, and would have adorned it still
more had not the seductions of power often led
•them to degrade their genius and forget their inspi-
ration as the guardians of England's greatness and
glory. Itis,alas! tootrue, thattheirfinestefforts
were made either in the defense or prosecution of
great crimes and wrongs. Need I show to this
House how nobly our own Senate and this House
have been graced by our own orators ? Their like
Will never more be seen here, until the Executive
with his millions shall here creep into our free
Hails, and by his corrupting influences call for the
deep thunders arid fierce lightnings of a nation's
wrath expressed in the noble fervor of the future
tribunes of the people.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I place my warn-
ing voice, not so much against this measure, but
;using it as the occasion, against that truckling
subserviency to the power of the Executive
which will dethrone the people and make them
fit tools for the corruption ot' an evil day. The
exercise of arbitrary prerogatives may not be
here enacted; no armed* troops may enter here;
no arrests may violate our privileges; but if they
do not, the evil serpent of corruption may creep
into our places and insinuate its cunning and thus
corrupt the integrity of the Legislature. Mem-
bers may here fail a victim to power, if not open
and bold, secret and malevolent; and when that
fall begins, where will it end except in the fall of
our liberties? .Uncollect that in civil wars moral
obligations are torn asunder, the peaceful habits
of life and thought are disturbed and destroyed,
find other virtue? not so compatible with liberty,
but always compatible with licentiousness, alone
survive. When we have progressed so far on the
path of military renown that the nation will begin
to regard its best defenders as its foes, and. the
enemy of its corruptions ns the enemy of Us Con-
stitution—then indeed will liberty have lost its
Jast refuge, perhaps even here in this Hall of the
people; and though, like its devotee, Algernon
Sydney, it may move with serene eye, untroubled
pulse, and unabated resolve, from this, its chosen
forum, to the scaffold of Us fate, wo may yet
imouvn over its memory, or, disdainful of its
executioner, soar away to some loftier code of
justice and right, where equality and freedom can
be realized in the splendor of a better vision.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I will not
detain the House long on this subject. I know
how difficult it is to get the attention of members,
when they have just attended a place of amuse-
ment, to the consideration of a grave measure.
I know how ungrateful a tnslc it is to attempt to
recall their attention after the exhibition to which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] has treated
them. The gentleman's speech sufficiently proves
that he has read his law on the subject from Ser-
geant Buzfuz, ami his constitutional and legisla-
tive history from Tittlebat Titmouse, to whom
he has just referred; for certainly the history of
legislation, as reflected in the Journals of Con-
gress, gives no support to his position.
I am glad, Mr. Speaker, that we can, for once,
appro rich the discussion of a measure on its own
merits, uninfluenced by any mere party consider-
ations. I wish we might in the discussion of this
subject be equaiiy free fiom that international
jealousy, that hereditary hatred, so frequently
and unreasonably manifested against Great Bi it-
am. 1 have noticed on the facesof.membersof the
House a smile of satisfaction when any speaker
has denounced the proposal to copy any custom
of,,or borrow any experience from, the Govern-
ment of England. No man on this floor is more
desirous than myself to see this Republic stand
erectamongthe nations,and grantand exaetequal
justice from Great Britain. 1 fully appreciate how
little friendship she has shown us in our great
national struggle, yet I will not allow my mind
to be so prejudiced as not to see the greatness,
the glory, and the excellence of the British con-
stitution. I believe that, next to our. own, and in
some lespects perhaps equal, if not superior, to
our own, the constitution of Great Britain stands
highest for its wisdom and its security to freedom
of all the constitutions of the civilized world. It
does not become us, therefore, to set it aside as un-
worthy of our study, of our careful observation.
Gentlemen should not forget that, in the days of
George*III, England, as well as America, eman-
cipated herself from the tyranny of kingly prerog-
ative; and it may be well questioned whether the
two streams that sprung from that great struggle
have not been flowing in parallel channels of
equal deptli and greatness, one on this continent
and the other in the British islands.
It may well be doubted whether there is not
as much popular freedom and more parliament-
ary security in the Kingdom of GreatBritain than
in this Republic. A gentleman who has lately
crossed the sea, a man of great ability, and a phil-
osophic observer,has said that to-day the British
ministry is nothing more nor less than " a com-
mittee of the House of Commons." And I be-
lieve he described it correctly. I believe that no
nation has a ministry so susceptible to the breath
of popular opinion, £0 readily influenced and so
completely controlled by popularpower,as is the
ministry-of Great Britain by the House of Com-
mons. Let one vote be given against the plans
of that ministry and it is at once dissolved. It
exists by the will of the House of Commons.
How docs this como about? Prom the fact that
at the very time we emancipated ourselves from the
kingly prerogatives of George III, so by the par-
liamentary reforms in Great Britain did that nation
also emancipateitselfand establish parliamentary
liberty in England. It does not, therefore, be-
come gentlemen to appeal to our ancient preju-
dices, so that we may not learn anything from
thatgreatand wisesystem of governmentadopted
by our neighbors across the sea.
In the consideration of this question I shall
touch upon three leading points: first, precedents
from our own history, second, the constitution-
ality of the proposed measure as exhibited in the
early discussions and laws; and third, its policy.
The precedents cited by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] the chairman of the se-
lect committee, in his very able report, established
beyond all question that in the early days of the
Republic, under the Constitution, heads of De-
partments did come upon the floor of Congress
and make communications. iNo man, I believe,
has denied that; 1 think no gentleman can suc-
cessfully deny it. My friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] if i understand it, denies that they did
more than to meet the Senate m executive session.
I am glad to see that the gentleman assents to my
statement of his position.
I will now cite two examples where the head
of a Department came on the floor of the House
and made statements. If the gentleman will turn
to the first volume of the Annals of Congress, page
684, lie will find the following entry undei date
of August 7, 1789:
* Tho following message \va<? received from thf* Pi evi-
dent of the United Stares bv Gencial Knox, the ^eci<*tai>
ot War, who delivered therewith sundiy statements"—
Some gentlemen may say those statements wore
in writing. 1 ask them to listen a little further:
" who delivered therewith sundry statements and papas
relating to the same.''
So that the Secretary of War came to the House
of Representatives and made statements.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that I take that to
mean nothing more than what the Private Secre-
tary of the President now. does every day. At
that time the President of the United States had
no Private Secretary, but he used the members
of the Cabinet for that purpose, and for that pur-
pose here only.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] whether the
Private Secretary of the President ever makes any
statements except the mere announcement of the
message which he delivers?
Mr. MORRILL. I take it that that was all that
was contemplated then. We daily have commu-
nications from the President, containing more
than one document,statement, or paper.
Mr. GARFIELD. My friend from Vermont
[Mr. Moiirill] has assisted me. He now makes
the point that the expression " statements," here
referred to, is merely the announcement of a mes- !
sage. I call his attention to the second case i
which I will cite, from the 689th page of the same j
volume. On the 10th of August, 1789, the Pres-
ident sent in a message by the hands of General
Knox, who delivered the same, "together with
a statement of the troops in the service of the
United States.'5 He made to the House of Rep-
resentatives statements about troops in the ser-
vice, so that the statements referred to are not
merely statements of the fact that he delivered a
message of the President.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not like to interrupt
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] but
I must insist that his second instance does not
prove the fact which he assumes. He will find,
if h.e will proceed further on m the same volume,
that when the question came up distinctly upon
allowing the Seci etary of the Treasury to come in
here for once, and once only, it was then declared
that it would be setting a new precedent, one
winch they could not tolerate, and which they did
nof tolerate, but voted down after discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman lias helped
to pioneer my way handsomely thus far. I am
coming to the very example to which he refers,
and which 1 have examined with some care, i
come now to my second point, the discussions
in the Congress of the United States touching
the constitutionality of the proposed law. There
were discussions at five different periods, and only
five, so far as I have found, touching this general
subject, in the history of Congress. The first
occurred in the First Congress, when it was pro-
posed to establish Executive Departments.
On the 19th of May, 1789, Mr. Boudmot, of
New Jersey, moved thattheliouse proceed,pur-
suant to the provisions of the Constitution, to
establish Executive Depaitments of the Govern-
ment, the chief officers thereof to be removable at
the will of the President. Under that lesolution
arose a full discussion of the nature of the offices
to be created, by whom the officers were to be
appointed, and by whom removed. The discus-
sion covers forty or fifty pages of the volume be-
foie me, and embraces some of the very ablest
expositions of the Constitution to be found in the
eai ly annals of Congress. After this long discus-
sion the following lesults were arrived at, which
will answer some of the points just made by my
colleague from Ohio:
First, that the Departments were to be estab-
lished by Congress, and the duties and general
scope of poweis vested therein to be established
by law; but the incumbents of these offices were
to be appointed by the President,and removable
at his pleasure.
It was clearly determined, in the second place,
that these officers could be removed in two ways:
first, by the President; second, by impeachment
in the usual modes prescribed in the Constitution.
It was thus settled, in tins great discussion,
not, as is said by my colleague who has just taken
his seat, that Cabinet mmisu-rs are the creatures
of tin- Piesident and icsponsiblc to him alone, but
thattheir very Departments and the wholg organi-
zation of them depend in every case upon the law
of Congress, and they are subject to impeachment
for neglect of their duties or violation of their
obligations in those offices.
The second discussion occurred in the same year
when the Treasury Department was established,
and in that instance the discussion became more
preciseand critical, bearing more nearly upon the
particular question now before us. A clause was
introduced into the law establishing tlic Treasury
Department, providing that the Secretary of the
Treasury should be directed to prepare plans for
the redemption of the public debt, and for all the
different measures relating to his Department,
and—
"That he shall make report and give information to
either branch of the Legislative, either in pei.sou or in
wmuig (asmay be required) te^eciing all matters which
may bo refeiredto him, by the; Senate or Ilouse of Repre-
sentatives, or which shall appertain to iiis office."
The debate took a very wide range. It was
objected by several members that the provision
was unconstitutional, on the ground that the
House was the only power authorized to origin-
ate money bills,and thatsuch an enactment would
put that power in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury. A very long discussion ensued
on what was meant by ii originating a bill."
Some contended that to diaft a bill was to origin-
ate it. Others that no proposed measure was a
bill until the House had passed it; while others
