1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
man from Maryland, any more perhaps than it
■would be possible for him to answer me if I weie
to ask him for an instance where a similar ser-
vice had been performed by any naval vessel of
the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I merely supposed
that when a bill of this character was proposed
for this House to pass, the committee would be
prepared to satisfy this House of its propriety
both in the way of principle and precedent. It
may be right; I merely wanted some information
in this respect.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think that the
principle involved is correct. I did not suppose
that 1 should be able to point to precedents in
this case, inasmuch as the act itself is of so bril-
liant and useful a character as to have no prece-
dent. I will say further in relation to this bill,
that in a letter from Captain Winslow, received by
me a few days ago, he stated to me that he was
repeatedly cailed upon by his subordinate officers,
and especially by the men constituting the crew
of the Kearsarge, whether the Government in-
tended in some way, some proper and suitable
manner, to recognize the valuable services they
have performed.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this
bill on principle. [Laughter,] Gentlemen laugh
at that; they either do not understand it, or it
shows that those who laugh are unprincipled
themselves. I am opposed to granting prize
money except where the Jaw requires it to be paid,
and I would be in favor of abolishing the prize
system altogether. It is paying money to sailors
and others without consideration. When we en-
list sailors, and pay them for services, we expect
them to perform all that is contemplated in that
service. They are paid a quantum meruit for
that service. They are paid tordoing their duty,
and that is enough. I know we have a prize
law; I know the source from which that law is
derived. But I am opposed to taxing the Treas-
ury of the United States any more than we can
help in order to enlarge tins system of prize
money beyond the law. ' Officers of the Navy
have made immense fortunes since this war com-
menced by the receipt of prize money. I do not
want to stretch the law any further than is neces-
sary to carry out its intent. 1 oppose this hill
because it seeks to do this, if it did not do this,
what is the need of this law? It would be su-
peiiluous.
Why, sir, we undertake m this bili to give prize
money to men, not for capturing, but for sinking
a vessel. And the gentleman says, or his bill is
predicated on the idea, that there is no difference
between the two acts. What is the object and
origin of this prize system? When the property
is brought into port, when a consideration is ren-
dered to the Government, then, and only then,
there is a share given for the services by which
propeity is taken for and used by the Govern-
ment. But it is all wrong to undettake to tax us
for every vessel that is sunk by the valor of our
Navy, if wc set such a precedent there will be
no end to bills like these. We might as well give
prize money to every sailor who has been engaged
in sinking any little vessel on the sea since this
war began, It is no argument in favor of this
bill to say that this act was a brilliant one; that
the Kearsaige had a magnificent combat in the
face of France and all Kurope. As I said before,
I am opposed on principle to going beyond the
letter oi the law in this regard, and levying an
additional tax upon tho^Treasury, when th„e sail-
ors never had any right to expect and no right to
receive it under the law as it exists.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Coxj whether his punciple
"would prevent his encouraging Commodore
Winslow in sinking another pirate on the Eng-
lish coast?
Mr. COX. That is a very ridiculous question
for a gentleman to ask who has been attending to
this debate. It is one of that sort of questions
which a man asks whose mind is floating about
the House and never knows what is before the
House. The gentleman knew when he asked
his very peculiar question that I would be as
prompt as lie to recognize any services which
would ujnk the Alabama, or any other pirate, i
have no sympathy with pirates of any kind. I
have always fought pirates. I have been fight-
ing pirates ever since I have been in this House.
Mr. ICELLEY. Is the gentleman willing to
make any substantial recognition of the merits of
sinking a pirate?
Mr. COX. 1 am willing to make any recog-
nition that the law will give to Captain Winslow,
such as giving him special promotion. We passed
a resolution of thanks to him and his crew, and
also a law in order to give him such promotion,
and to show him special favor.
Mr. PIKE. That only applies to the master
of the vessel. This bill applies to the sailors.
Mr. COX. We provided by law that Captain
Winslow might have special promotion. If I am
not right, then the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, [Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts,] can
correct me. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Iyelley] wishes to give Captain Winslow
and crew a proper recognition, let him propo.se a
vote of thanks, if it has not been already done.
Let the Department give Captain Winslow his
rank of Admiral, or any other rank which the
favor of the Department, after a vote of thanks
here, will give him. Why should we go out of our
way now to tax the Treasury for this purpose when
we are already paying our money by millions per
day in order to put down, in the language of gentle-
men on the other side, " this damnable rebel lion r"
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will state that
the services of Captain Winslow have been recog-
nized by the vote of this House, and he has been
promoted. The object of this bill is to provide
for the crew, the men who fought the guns and
managed the ship, and the committee think they
should have an equivalent for what they would
have received if they had brought the vessel into
port.
Mr. COX. I will ask my friend from Massa-
chusetts this question, whether he is willing here-
after to conform to this precedent which he pro-
poses to set to-ni ht, and in every case where a
vessel is sunk by our sailors to give the seamen
who sink it prize money?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Why, Mr.
Speaker, by no means. I have said nothingatall
in the remarks which I have made that justifies
the honorable gentleman from Ohio in drawing
any such conclusion. I have stated explicitly
that the ground on which this appropriation is
recommended is, that the act was one of a very ex-
traordinary character, and 1 will say to my friend
now that I for one would be willing to make a
similar appropriation to the officers and men of
any vessel in the United States Navy who will
send a rebel corsair to the bottom of the ocean
and stop her preying upon our commerce; and,
sir, 1 think it would be a very economical expend-
iture of money on the part of this Government
to do so.
Mr, COX. I will join with the gentleman in
any measure that he may bung forward for the
pu/pose of strengthening our Navy and strength-
ening the head ol the Department by general laws
—not by special legislation when a special case
comes up. That is not wise or scientific legisla-
tion. Let the gentleman bring in his general laws.
Let him resm rect this Navy Department; let him
give it more vigor, and there will befewercorsairs
on the ocean.
I do not undertake to say that this exploit of
the Kearsarge was not a brilliant achievement.
It stands out almost alone, and therefore it is
preeminent. But, Mr. Speaker, if this precedent
he set, where can we stop? The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] will some time or
other come in, perhaps, with a bill to pay some-
body else for sinking some other corsair; and so
we may go on till we must pass these bills in re-
gard to every little vessel.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 will pledge my honor that
I will participate in bringing in, or having brought
in, a bill of this kind whenever a British ship,
manned by British sailors, and armed by British
guns, shall be sunk gallantly as the Alabama was
sunk.
Mr. COX. Well,now, you see thegentleman
takes just the position I said he would. He will
bring in a bill every time this thing is done.
Why not, then, make genera! laws for this pur-
pose ? These special bills show that your system is
defective somewhere, as the gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Davis] argued the other day. You
come here to give special favors at special times
for special purposes. Why not rise to a higher
grade of legislation, and make general laws which ,
will have the proper effect, and drive these cor-
sairs from the ocean ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am entirely
willing to submit the question to the judgment of
the House upon its merits. I therefore call the
previous question.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. Will my
fiiend from Massachusetts state how much was
raised by subscription in Boston as an acknowl-
edgment of this service?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think that
about twenty thousand dollars was raised; and I
have ryb doubt that that liberal and enlightened
community would be very happy indeed to raise
money in the same way as often as such examples
shall be repeated.
I withdraw the call for the previous question
for the present, and yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] a member of the Naval
Committee.
Mr. SPALDING. The Naval Committeeun-
derstand very well that,according to the laws of
the land, there is no legal claim on the pat t of the
officersand crew of the American ship, the Kear-
sarge,for their gallant exploit in sinking the Ala-
bama upon the coast of France. It therefore be-
comes a matter of discretion with the members of
this House whether they will remunerate those
gallant sailors for that grand achievement.
Now, I appeal to every patriotic member of
this House to answer me and say whether he
would erase from the history of our country arid
its gallant Navy that brilliant action upon the
coast of France for a half a million dollars, nay,
for millions triplicated and fourfolded. I venture
to say that my colleague from Ohio would not
have that glorious incident erased from our his-
tory for any sum of money which could be com-
puted here to-night. I therefore ask that the
House will act as patriotic Americans, and say
to these gallant defenders, when they have ac-
quitted themselves well,as our sailors did on the
coast of France, upon the deck of the Kearsarge,
" If you did not succeed in taking the prize into
port you did what was better,and without which
the victory would have been incomplete; you sent
her to the bottom of the ocean in sightof England
and France, and crowned your country with such
a triumph as their navies have never had."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Does this bill
make an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. DAVJS, of New York. Then it mustliave
its first consideiation in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make that
point of ord'jr, as the bill has been discussed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the previous question will not be seconded, and
that we will send the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it can
be debated.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 47,
noes 49.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Pendleton were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGEdemanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 67, not voting 56;
as follows:
YEAS—Me^rx. James C. Allen, Ashley, Baily, Batter,
Blow, Bout well, Brandegee, Chanler.Daws, Dixon. Eiijrer-
ton, Elmt, E'tirlish, Cu-wold. Hall, Hooper.
Asahel VV, Hubbaid, fnjrf>r>oll, Jenrke*, Kellpy, Fmuoh
VV. Kellojra, Knox, Law, Lazear, Loan, Lonirvear. M.ucy,
Marvin, McAllister, McClurg, William 11. Miller, Moor-
head, James R. Morris, Leonard M\ers , NH^on, O.iell,
Charles O'Neill, Pendleton, Perham, Perry, Pike, Alexan-
der H. Rice. Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, tSenfMd,
Spalding, Sh-vens, ^irons'*. Sweat, Thayer, Tovvn^iul,
Van Vnlkerihnrgh, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, William?,
Wilder, and Yeaman—59.
NAYcS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Arnold, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldnin, Blame, Mi-.-., Bo\d,
Broomall, Fteemau Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Coffroth, Cole,
Cox, Hemy Winter Davis, Thomas T. D.tvis. Dawson,
Deimue, Driggs, Eden, Eldridge, Fmek, Frank. Gannon,
Garfield,Grider,GrimieN, Hale, Hardin}!. Hairmgton, Mer-
rick, Higby, Holman, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kalb-
fieisch, Kasson, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King, Le Blond,
