1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
again said that it was a bill whenever the House
authorized it to be introduced. Finally, it was
determined that there was nothing incompatible
with the Constitution in allowing the Secictory
oftheTicasury to report plans and prepare (hafts
of lulls. It was thus settled, and has been the
policy of the Government til! ihe present day,
that the Secrctury of the Treasury may properly
dr^ift bills and prepare plans, and present them
to Congress. And it is still a part of our law—
i have the provision before me—
u That the Senetary of the Treasury shall make report
and give information 10 eiiner branch of the Legislature,
either in pe son 01 iti writing, as iie may be required.""5
Let it be understood that in the First Congress
of the United States a law was passed—appi oved
September 2, 17S9, by George Washington—
acted upon before in the House and in the Sen-
ate, by the men who framed the Constitution;
which law provided thai it should be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to report his plans
in writing or in person, as either House might
require.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. When the Secretary had made out
his plan in pui suance of the resolution by which
he was authorized to make it, didnotthe House,
on the very first occasion when it could take action
on the subject, distinctly discuss the question and
refuse lum the privilege of reporting in person?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 am coming, in a moment,
to that precise point.
The whole question of the undue influence
"which it rmghtgive to the Executive Departments
to allow Cabinet officers to make their leports was
fully examined; and after the fullest and freest
discussion, which, even in a condensed form, cov-
ets some twenty pages of the book before me, the
measure was passed without even a division, and
became the law of the laud.
I now come to the point to which the gentle-
man from Vermont has referred, the third of the
five discussions. On the 9th day of January, H90,
the House received a communication from the
Secretary of the Tieasury, stating that, m obe-
dience to their lesolution of the £lstof September
previous, he had prepared a draft of a plan for
funding the public debt, and was ready at their
pleasure to report—it being settled in the law, as
1 have already said, that he should report in per-
son or in writing, as he might be dnectcd. The
question was discussed, as the gentleman from
Vermont noticed in his examination of the ease
yesterday. Mr. Gerry moved that the report
should be made in wilting. The question was
discussed whether it .should be made in writing,
or orally, and the chief argument used m the case
was that u would be impossible for inembeis ot
Congress to understand it unless it was reduced
to writing, so that they could have it befme them.
It was also said that the scope and beanngof the
whole report would be so extensive that the hu-
man mind could not comprehend the whole ot it,
unless they could have it before them in a per-
manent shape, it was conceded by several who
spoke that the House could have the report made
in writing or orally, or in writing with accom-
panying oral explanations. The constitutional
doubt was not suug^stod in that discussion. It
was decided, withoutadivision, not that he should
not be permitted to come into (he House, but that
his report should be m writing. The law still
stood, as 11 now stands, that he shall report in
pi rson or in wi itmg, as either House may direct.^
The fourth discussion related to the defeat of
General St. Clair. I will remind the House of
the history of thet ccse. In 1700 St. Clair was
ordered to make an expedition against the Indi-
ans in the Northwestern Territory; ins army was
disgraceful!y defeated, and the case was referred
to General Washington, who declined to otdera
court of inquny, and the subject was tuken^up
in the House ot Representatives, and on the 27ih
of March, 1792, a committee was otdered to m-
quiie into the causes of the faiiuie of the expedi-
tion. On the ydi of May following, the commit-
tee made a report winch reflected seveiely np< n
the Societal y of the Treasury and the S- r,rotary
of War. On the 13th of November, 1732, a tes-
oiution was intioduced into the House, to notify
the two Secretaries that on the lohowmg "Wed-
nesday the House would take the report mto^con-
Bideraiion and that they might attend. After a
considerable discussion the resolution was nega-
tived, and it was resolved to empower the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to send for persons
and papers in the case. On the following day the
Secretary of War, General Knox, addressed a
letter to the Speaker of the House, asking an op-
portunity to vindicate himself before the House.
It was said by the gentleman fiom Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] yesterday, that General Knox was not
permitted to come in. A discussion of the subject
followed the presentation of his request. The
House had not been satisfied with the report and
recommitted it to the committee for further
examination. After the lecommitment of the
report, the Secretaries were brought before the
committee and examined, so that their testimony
reached the House m that mode. The question
was never put to tile House whether they would
or would not receive the Secretaries in the House,
but whether they should adopt the report or re-
commit it and order the committee to lake further
testimony. They did the latter. The proposi-
tion to admit them to the House was not directly
acted upon at all.
Befoie leaving this subject I must refer to the
opinion of Mr. Madison rs expressed in the de-
bate of November 13,1792, on the question of ad-
mitting the Secretaues to the House to take part
in the investigation of Genei al St. Clair. This was
the only quotation, I believe, which thegentleman
ftom Vermont [Mr. Morrill] found to apply di-
icctly to the pom tat issue, it is truo that Mr. Mad-
ison did say ho objected to the House resolution
on constitutional grounds. (See Annals, Second
Congress, page 680.) But he did not slate what
those constitutional grounds were. It is a little
remarkable that ho who hud m 1789 spoke and
voted for the Treasury act authorizing the Secre-
tary to report in peison or m writing, as either
House might diioct, should declaie only three
yeais later that it was unconstitutional to let the
Secietary corn*? befote the House to give infor-
mation or testimony.
Perhaps, sir, a little light of history will help
to explain Al t. Madison'ssingular position. My
friend from Vermont [Mr.Morrill] will remem-
ber that within those thiee yeais Mr. Madison
and Hamilton had became seriously alienated
from each other, and the gifted authors of the
Federalist were fnends no longer. The great
party strife had begun, and they had taken op-
posite sides, Mi. Jefleison leading one party, Mr.
Madison following, and Mr. Hamilton leading
another, and his fuend*, the Federalists, follow-
in'!; him. U is not, therefore, vety surprising
that Mr. Madison should have been influenced,
hke others, by peisonal feeling, or at least by hi&
political diffienees with the Secretary of the
Treasury. It is well known that his political
opinions were greatly changed by the influence
ot Mr. Jefferson.
The fifth and last discussion to which J shall
lefei occurred on the 19th of November, 1792,
on a resolution of the House directing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to report a plan for the ic-
duetion of the public debt. The question of the
constitutionality of his reporting a plar? at all
ogam niose. The v/hole ground was again gone
over. Notwithstanding Madison 5s record m 1769,
he opposed it; but the lesolution was passed
ii;raih,t him by the decisive vote of 31 to 25. So
that even down to that daf, after partus had
taken then giound, afier Madison arid Hamilton
had become antagonistic, alter all the fierceness
ij of personal feeling was awakened, still the I louse
! determined that the law ehouid stand as it was
jl enacted by the First Congtess. As the result of
li all these discussions, the custom obtained to le-
Sj ceive leports and information fiom the heads of
j| Deportments in writing rather than m person.
;; That eustom has now almost the force of law.
!j But while the Treasury act of 1VJ2 lemams on
'l our statute-book we have a clcar right to change
liie custom. I claim that by a simple resolution
> of tlit House of Representatives alone, we can
now c,\!! the Sf,ei etui y o t t ne i rea^ury h ere to ex -
p'am m pei.son any plan oi measure of his, and he
11 is bound to come. The Senate eun uo the samejor
! itself. The very 'av/ which establishes his onxce
and builds up ms Department mulces its^uuliga-
: toiy upon him to come when thus ordered. 1ms
is true onlv of the Secretary of the Treasury.
!j I hold it, then, fairly established that the meas-
h urebefoieusis cleai ly within the ecopeofourcon-
i! stitutional powers; that it is only a question how
a thing shall be done, the thing to be done being
already provided by law. The heads of Depart-
ments do now make known their plans and views;
they do now communicate to the House all that
this resolution contemplates that they shall com-
municate. It is only a question of mode. They
now communicate with the pen. This resolution
proposes to add the tongue to the pen, the voice
to the document, the explanation to the text, and
nothing more, it is simply a proposition to add
to our facilities by having them here to explain
orally what they have already transmitted in docu-
mentary form.
And this brings me to the third and last point
I propose to examine in this discussion—the pol-
icy of the proposed change, on which, I admit,
there is much room for difference of opinion. The
committee have given a very exhaustive state-
ment of its advantages in their report, and I will
only enlarge upon a few points in their statement.
Andjfnstof all,the proposed change will increase
our facilities for full and accurate information as
the basis of legislative action. There are some
gentlemen here who doubt whether we have a
right to demand information from the heads of De-
partments. Do we get that information as read-
ily, as quickly, and as fully as we need it? Let
me read an extiact illustrative of the present plan.
The President of the United States, in his last an-
nual message to Congress, says:
u The report of the Secretary of War, and the accompa-
nying documents, will detail tiie campaigns ot the armies
in the Held j-mce ihe date of the ia&t animal message, mid
a bo the opet.uions of the several aiimun-maitve bureaus
of the W.u Department during the la^t year. It will also
r-pceif} the mea^uics deemed essential for the national de-
fence. and to keep up and supply tire requisite military
force.
Has that report been received? This message
was delivered to us at the commencement of the
present session-, we aie now within five weeks of
its close; but up to this hour we have had no re-
poi t from the Secretary of War, no official advice
from him in reference to the " measures deemed
essential for the national defense and to keep up
and supply the requisite military force." We
have been working in the dark, and it is only as
we have leconuoitered the War Department, and
forced ouiselves in sideways and edgeways, that ,
we have been able to learn what is considered es- ;
sential for the national defense.
Had this resolution been in force, we should
long ago had his loport in our hands,or his good
and suflicient reason for withholding it.
I call the attention of the House to the fact that
our table is groaning under the weight of resolu-
tions asking information from the seveial Depart-
ments that have not been answered. Who does
. not remember that at a very early day of the ses-
| sion a resolution introduced by a member from
| Indiana [Mr. IIolman] was unanimously adopted
| asking for executive information, and after four
i or five week's had elapsed another resolution was
| adopted asking why the order of the House
: iiad been neglected and we had not been fur-
nished with the information ? But thus also has
falien a brulum julmcn; we have received no an-
swer. , Could these things be if the members of
■ the legislative and executive departments were
i sitting in council togethet ? Should we not long
| ago have had the information or known the rea-
son why we did not have it?
j On the subject of information I have a word
i more to say. We waminformation more in detail
! than we can get itby the present mode. Forex-
; ample, it would have aided many of us a few
i days since, when the loan bill was under consid-
l ciation, if the Secietary of the Treasuiy had been
I here to tell us precisely what he intended in re-
I gard to an increase of the volume of the curiency
I under the provisions of the bill. We want to
I undei stand each other thoroughly, and when this
! is done it will remove a large share of the burdens
, of legislation.
! One othei point on the policy of the measure,
; and lam done. I wantthisjointresolution passed
to leadjost the relations between the executive
: and legislative departments, and to readjust them
1 so that there shall be greater responsibility to the
; legislative depaitment than there now is, and that
! that responsibility shall be made to rest with
' gieater weight upon the shoulders of executive
! authority. .
; 1 am surprised that both the gentleman from
! Vermont [Mr. Morrill] and the gentlemaa
