1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
Littlejohn, Long, McBride, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller,
Morrison, Norton, Pomerov, Price, Rpdf'ord, John H. Hicej
Ro*>, Scott, Sloan, Stuart. Thomas, Upson,Eiilui [J. Wa li-
burne, William B. Washburn, Ohiiton A. White, Wilson,
Wmfield, Woodbrid^e, and VVorthington—67.
NOT VOTING—Mes>is. William J« Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Beamau, Blair, Brooks, James S. Brown, William
G. Biown, Ambrose W. Clark, Cravens, Creswell, Denison,
Donnelly, Dnmout, Eckley,Farni-worth, Good), Benjamin
G. Harris, Charles M. Hairls, Hutchins, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Julian, Knapp, Mallory, McDowell, Mc-
Jndoe, McKinney, Morull, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Noble, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pruyn, Samuel J.
Kandall, William fl. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Schenck,
Shannon, Srmih, Smithers, Starr, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stile?, Tracy, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Whaley,
Joseph \V. White, Windom, Benjamin Wood, and Fer-
nando Wood—56,
So the main question was not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me to move an amendment.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. 1 yield for
that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to add that
there shall be paid to Lieutenant Cushing and the
officers and men under his command the valu^of
the rebel iron-clad Albemarle, destroyed by them,
the value to be estimated by a commission ap-
pointed for that purpose. It was an infinitely
more brilliant service than the destruction of the
Alabama.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
refer the bill and theamendment to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and on
that demand the previous question.
Mr. COX. I suggest that we should include
the payment to the soldiers and sailors who cap-
tured Fort Fisher, Charleston, and Wilming-
ton,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill and amend-
ment were referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and also moved that
the motion to rcconsider be laid on the table. /
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAWRENCE PENNINGTON.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to revive,
-in part, the act approved March 3, 1857, making
an appropriation for the naval service for the
year ending June 30,1858; which was read a first
and second lime.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, What is that
bill?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. By the act of
February 28, 1855,a Naval Retiring Board was
appointed to examine into the efficiency of offi-
ce! s of certain grades for sea and shore duty, and
if found unfit for such duty and blameworthy
they were to be dropped from the service; if un-
fit, without any blame, they were to be placed on
the reserve list. The act provided that such per-
sons as were dropped and were blameless should
receive one year's pay. By the act of 1857
$51,000 was appropriated to pay the year's sal-
aries of such officers as were blameless and
dropped fiom the service. On the 2Uth of June,
1862, there was unexpended balance of £9,700of
that sum remaining, and it being supposed that
all the cases had been presented and settled, that
sum of-^9,700 was passed over into the general
fund of the Treasury.
Since that time the case of Lawrence Penning-
ton, who was entitled to a year's salary of about
thirteen hundred dollars, was presented and paid
by the Navy Agent in the City of Washington;
but the accounting officer of the Treasury disal-
lowed it because the fund had been passed over
into the general fund of the Treasury,
The bill which has been reported provides sim-
ply for a revival of so much of the original bill as
may allow this claim to be paid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mjr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the'table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL SOLICITOR AND JUDGE ADVOCATE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now call up
the motion to rcconsider the vote by which the
bill to establish the office of Solicitor and Naval
Judge Advocate was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The motion to reconsider prevailed.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I moved to reconsider, and the
House refused to do it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The House refused to lay this motion to reconsider
on the table. There was no vote taken on the
motion to reconsider.
The question being put and no quorum voting,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Edgerton and Holrian.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 33.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 53, not voting 64;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Arnold, Ashlev, Baily, John D.
Baldwin, Blow, Boutwcll, Biandegec, Brooniall, Chanler,
Cox, Dri&gs, Edgerton, Eliot, English, Farnxworth,Frank,
Crinnell, Gu^wold, Hale, Hall, lligby, A«ahel VV. Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Ka>son, Kelley, Fiancis VV, Kellogq;, Or-
lando Kellogg, KnoXjLittlejolin, Loan, Longyear, Marvin,
McAllister, McBride,McOltn<*, Mooibead, Daniel Morris,
Leonard Myois, Notion, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Perhain,
Perry, Pike, Price, Kadl'oid, Alexander II. Rice, Edward
II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Scoit, Spalding, John B.
Steele, Sirmisc, Tinner, Upson, Van Valkcnburgh, Ward,
Webster, Whaley, YVlicder, Wilder, Woodbridge, VVortli-
ington, and Yeaman—65.
NAYS—Messis. James. C. Allen, Allison, Ancona, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blame, Boyd, Brooks, Clav, Cobb,
(JofFioth, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davi<, Dawson,
Doming, Dixon, Eilen,Finek,Gniw>n,Grider3 Harding, Har-
rington, lien iek.Uolman,llotehUis3,Johti II llubbatd, Uui-
burd, itigeisoll, Kalbflei&cli, Kernan,Khig. Knapp, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, Middleton, William II. Miller, Morrif-on,
Pomeroy, Piuyu, John II. Rice, Hons, Scofieid, Sloan, Wil-
liam G St< < le, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Chilton A. White, YVilson,
Windom, and Winfield—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Baxter, Beaman, Blair, Bliss, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. CJaik, Fieeman Clarke,
Colo, Cravens, Creswell, Dawes, Denison, Donnelly, Du-
inont, Eckley, Eldridge, Gat field, Good), Benjamin G.
Harris, Charles M.IIaiiis, Hooper, Ilutchins, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, Julian, Law, Mallory, Marcv, Mc-
Dowell, Melndoe, MeKitmey, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill,
James R. Morris, Amos M vers, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill,
Otth, Patteison, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, William
II. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Schenck, Shannon, Smith,
Smither-, Starr, Stevnris, Side*, Stuart, Townsend, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Joseph VV. White, Williams, Benjamin
Wood, and Fernando Wood—64.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT WATSON AND OTHERS. VI
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Robert, John & James Watson, of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
some explanation of this bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The firm of Robert, John
& James Watson, of Pittsbmg, Pennsylvania,
were the owners of asteam tug originally named
R. & J. Watson. They were engaged in the
coal business at Pittsburg, and carrying coal to
New Orleans. One of the brothers, a member of
the firm, remained in New Orleans and sold the
coal. Two other brothers, members of the firm,
are engaged in mining the coal and transporting
it to New Orleans. They builtthis boat at Pitts-
burg. it was the first iron propeller that was
built there, and was firsttaken to New Oileans in
1859.
After this war broke out, namely, on the 28th
of January, 1862, this boat was seized by the con-
federate forces by a peremptory order from the
confederategeneral. it wasafterward in the con-
federate service at Memphis when Memphis was
captured, and there it was retaken by our forces
and fell into our hands. Immediately after that
one of the firm came on here and made an appli-
cation to the Secretary of War for the restoration
of the boat. The Secretary gave him assurances
that the boat should be restored, but told him that
it was useless for him to remain here longer; and
accordingly he went home. About that time the
act passed by Congress transferring the whole
contiol of the boats on the Mississippi and on the
western waters generally from the Army Depart-
ment to the Navy went into operation. This
boat was thus transferred and taken from under
the control of the War Department. The case was
afterword taken before a prize court in Spring-
field, Illinois, and without notice to the ownersit
was adjudicated and the boat was ordered to be
sold. It was sold to the United States for the sum
of $8,000, one half of that amount going to the
captors. That boat has been in the service of the
Government for more than two years. In a me-
morial that this firm presented they asked that the
boat bo restored, and they also asked compensa-
tion for the time during which the Government
had the uso of it.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have instruct-
ed me to report this bill providingfortherestora-
tion of the boat, and providing further, that the
owners in accepting the boat shall be debarred
from any further claim against the Government.
I hope, therefore, that there will be no dissent-
ing voice, but that the boat will be restored to
these men.
Mr. SPALDING-. The gentleman says he
was authorized by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to report this bill. As a member of that
Committee I do not assent to this bill; on the con-
trary I think u ought not to pass.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will say that at the meet-
ing of the committee at which I was authorized
to report this bill the gentleman from Ohio for
some reason or other did not happen to be present.
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir; I was present on
sundry occasions when this bill was considered
and I objected to it every time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The committee author-
ized me to report the bill, and I have done so. I
have endeavored to state the case to the House,
and I think it is so plain and clear that although
the gentleman from Ohio may not be able to see
it, this House will see that this boat ought to be
restored to these men.
Mr. KER.NAN. As I understand this vessel
went to New Orleans in 1859.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERNAN. One of these men was en-
gaged in business in that city; and as I under-
stand it the vessel remained there until she passed
into the hands of the rebels in 1862. We subse-
quently captured herfrom the rebels and she was
regularly condemned by a prize court.
Itftiw, it seems to me to be a pretty suspicious
oftse that a vessel, being in the possession of the
^jwner living at New Oileans, goes into the rebel
service. We know that they used her against
us as an aimed vessel, and that we captured her.
And now parties living at Pittsburgh who are
mining coal, claim some interest in the vessel and
call on us to pay for it. 1 think their claim is
against the rebel government, and not against us.
I think that if we go behind the decision of prize
courts, and compensate parties who claim that
they owned vessels before the rebels took posses-
sion of them and used them against us, in two or
three yeais we shall find such claims very large,
and shall be likely to pay for a good deal of prop-
erty we ought not to pay for.
1 am glad that there is one member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs who dissented from this
report, and I do not think, unless some further
explanation should be made, there will be a very
unanimous vote in the House in favor of this"
measure.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I regret very much that
I was not able to make the House, arid especially
the very acute gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr.
Kerntan,] understand the statement 1 made. I
thought I had shown that at the time this boat
was at New Orleans this firm was engaged in
mining coal in the county of Alleghany, Penn-
