1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44?
the necessity of this their own self-respect and
the popular expectation would coincide. If it
be asked why tins should follow any more than
at present, i answer because their relations to this
body would be entirely different from the relations
which they at present hold to it. They aie now
but the agents of the President in the administra-
tion of the executive power. They are appointed
by him; they are under his control; they report
their proceedings to him; they are responsible to.
him for the discharge of their several duties. If
they recommend measures it is to the President.
If those measures are approved by the President
he assumes the responsibility of them. If sub-
mitted to Congress and rejected, it is simply a re-
jection of so much of the policy of the President.
No direct issue arises between Congress and the
President's subordinates. In the new attitude
which ihey would hold under the provisions of
' this bill the case would be entirely altered. They
would stared here the personal representatives and
advocates of measures advised and promoted by
themselves. They must enter the lists and level
their lances in defense of a policy of which they
stand forth the personal exponents and cham-
pions. They must, in such a contcst, abide the
issue of the personal struggle into which they
have entered, and if vanquished they must retire
and give place to the advocates of dilferentmeas-
ures and the champions of a different policy. In
our system the legislative is the strongest depart-
mentof the Government. It preponderates vastly
over the other two departments. No other de-
partment can successfully contend against it. In
a battle between the Representatives of the peo-
ple and the advisers of the Executive the victory
may be declared before the contest is joined. If
■the advisers are beaten they must succumb.
Between the Legislature and men holding to it
■the personal relations which this bill contemplates
there mustexistaceoid. When that accord ceases
they can no longer be useful and must depart.
Thus, by the few words of this bill, are the Pres-
ident's clerks to be turned into a responsible min-
istry, charged with the conduct of public affairs
in this House, originating, proposing, urging, de-
fending measures; speaking to-day amid cheers
fiom the ministerial benches, sitting down to-
morrow amid groans and jeers from the opposi-
tion benches; now drumming up votes for a crisis,
and exhausting for that purpose all the resouices
of promises and rewards; now rejoicing in a fiesh
leas>e of power obtained by a majority of two;
again retiring in disgrace under the passage of
a want-of-confidence resolution, and that, alas!
without the eonsolitory recollections of a white-
bait dinner, for I do not understand that the Po-
tomac will supply that aristocratic delicacy. It
is natural to suppose that officials, dependent as
those will thus necessarily be upon Congress for
the continuance of their power and importance,
will look rather to that body than to the Presi-
dent for suppoi t, and that they will addiess them-
selves rather to the securing of votes and popu-
larity theie than to the independent discharge of
the duties of the executive branch of the Govern-
ment. ' A large part of the executive power and
influence wili thus be tiansferred to the House of
Representatives. This leads me to consider what
will probably be the effect of these changes upon
the presidential office. When the official agents
of the President shall represent him in Congn-ss,
and trie amount of* then influence and their duia-
tion in office shall both be measuied by the ex-
tent of their following and by the majorities
which they can command there, it would seem to
be a natural and probable result of such an ar-
rangement that the executive office itself must in
the end become subject to the absolute control of
Congress. By such an arrangement responsibility
is transferred from the President to a recognized
ministry, who become his brain, his voice, ins
hand; and they who have the responsibility,and
who will reflect in the mutations of their political
fortunes the fluctuating opinions of the Legisla-
ture, must have the power also, for responsibility
and power go together. The executive respon-
sibility is thus transferred primarily to the pailia-
menuiy lepresentatives of the executive office,
but ultimately and really to the Legislature, which
controls their conduct. Thus, by a total subver-
sion of the present system, the subordinates be-
come the ostensible chiefs, the agents become the
principals, and the executive office, which,by the
plan of the Constitution, was made, within its
proper sphere of duty, like the departmentof the
judiciary, to a great extent independent of the le-
gislative department of the Government, must, if
it do not become wholly dependent upon it, lose
much of the independence and power with which
it is now invested. Plow long, for example, can
it be supposed that the power of the veto would
survive the consummation of the changes which
have been indicated, or the supreme command of
the Army and Navy?
Sir, I am no advocate of any extension of the
powers of the national Executive beyond the lim-
its which are at present prescribed for them in
the Constitution; neither do 1 believe, on the other
hand, that liberty is to be secured and perpetuated
by a concentration of all the powers of the Gov-
ernment in the hands of the legislative depart-
ment. I have been taught by history that of all
tyrannies that is the mostirresponsible and hope-
less. That proposition was well stated by Mon-
tesquieu when he said, " There can be no liberty
where the legislative and executive powers are
united in the same person or body of magis-
trates." If we would maintain our free institu-
tions we must maintain the partition of power
among the several departments which is madem
the Constitution, and the only way in which that
can be done is, as Mr. Madison declared, " by so
con ti iving the interior sti uctuie of the Government
as that its several constituent parts may by their
mutual relations be the means of keeping each
other in their proper places." In order to accom-
plish this " each department should," as he also
says, u have a will of its own; and consequently
should be so constituted that the members of each
should have as little agency as possible in the ap-
pointment of the members of the others." I be-
lieve in thesoundnessofthisdoctnne,and hence I
do not believe in the plan proposed in the present
bill. 1 do not believe in the wisdom of conferring
authonty upon the President to appoint members
of this House; nor do I believe in concentrating
in this House the power winch by the Constitu-
tion belongs to the Executive. The measure pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio is well adapted,
in my opinion, to destroy those mutual relations
which weie established by the Constitution, and
which have hitherto answered the purpose of
keeping the constituent pai ts of the Government
in their proper places. "To what purpose," it
was well asked by Mr. Hamilton, " do yousepa-
rate the executive or the judiciary from the legis-
lative power, if both the executive and the. judi-
ciary are so constituted as to be at the absolute
devotion of the legislative?" Such a separation
must be merely nominal, and incapable of produ-
cing the ends for which it was established.
The feature of government embiaced in the
present bill is evidently borrowed from the con-
stitutions of England and other monarchical coun-
tries. In those systems, in which the principle
obtains that the king is irresponsible and can do
no wrong, it is a wise invention to limit a power
which would otherwise be absolute; for it sub-
stitutes for him, in the persons of the ministers of
State, individuals who are responsible for theex-
eicise of the executive power. The only question
winch would vex the mind of arepublican philos-
opher in regard to the excellencies of those sys-
tems would perhaps be tins: of what use, then,
is the king? Hut, sir, no analogies can be traced
between those systems and oms. We have no
such fic'ions and stand in need of no such aids.
By the Constitution the people have distributed
the powers of the Government among several de-
partments. They who exercise those powers are
directly responsible to them for their acts. By
making them responsible to each other, or by
shifting the responsibility from one to another,
or by mingling the powers which are severally
delegated \o each, we shall only introduce con-
fusion into what is now a haunoruous system,
and unsettle at once the well-defined boundanes
of authority and the foundations of the Govern-
ment.
The argument, that a necessity exists for the
introduction of this innovation upon the organic
structure of the Government in order that Con- 1
gress may avail itself of the best possible means
of information m relation to the measures of legis-
lation on which it may be called to act, is desti-
tute of any solid foundation in fact. No such^
necessity exists. The means which have hitherto'
been resorted to on the part of Congress for ob-
taining such information have always been found
adequate for the purpose. Indeed it mustbe ob-
vious upon the slightest reflection that the infor-
mation obtained by the deliberate and written re-
sponse of the heads of Departments to the resolu-
tions of this House must be superior in value to
the information proposed to be obtained by th«
plan of this bill by as much as a deliberately pre-
pared written statement of facts is superior in pre-
cision and accuracy of detail to an oral statement '
based upon the mere memory of the person who
utters it.
The precedent for the proposed action, which
is supposed to be found m the act of 1789, fails
in this, that whereas that act made it the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury alone to make re-
port and give information to either branch of the
Legislature, in person or in writing, respecting
matters referred to him by the Senate or House
of Representatives, whenever he might be required
so to do, this bill gives to the seven heads of the
Executive Departments permanent seats in this
body; and that, not for the single purpose of giv-
ing information, but for the purpose of partici-
pating in the debates of this House and influen-
cing us action. I do not deny the power of the
House of Representatives to seek information
from any quarter to which it may see fit to apply
for it. It is upon that principle it acts in allowing
the claimant of a contested seat upon this floor to
be heard, but the occasional exercise of that un-
doubted power is a totally different thing from
adding permanent members to this House not
elected by the people, and not possessing the quali-
fications demanded by the Constitution, indeed,
when the restrictive character of the act of 1789
is considered, together with the great caution
which was taken to guard it against a construction
which would authorize what is proposed in this
bill, it furnishes the best possible evidence that
the opinions of the statesmen of that day were
adverse to the scheme which is now proposed.
But the argument founded upon the alleged prece-
dents for this action has been so completely an-
swered and refuted by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] that in my opinion no
further argument upon that point is requited.
It is well known that when the Constitution
was formed several different plans were suggested
in regard to the executive office and the execu-
tive power. One of them proposed a double Ex-
ecutive, consisting of two persons, between whom
the power and responsibility of the office should
he divided; another proposed a single Executive,
hedged in by a council of State, whose assent
should be necessary to render his acts valid.
Theie was much public discussion before it was
determined to give to the executive department
of the Government the form and place which it
now holds in the Constitution. But I am not
aware that it was at any time proposed to mingle
the executive with the legislative department
of the Government after the manner of this bill.
It was, on the contrary, a fundamental idea,
agreed to by all and adhered to throughout, that
the success of the plan adopted and the perpetu-
ity of the system depended in no small degree
upon keeping the different departments of power
as separate as possible, and in rendering them
no further dependent upon each other than was
proper for thucrorftion of such necessary checks
as were indispensable to prevent the concentra-
tion of too much power in either. How per-
fectly the framers of the Constitution succeeded
in this, let the harmonious working in all its de-
partments of this unparalleled plan of govern-
ment for a period of more than seventy years
attest. There is nothing in the political history
of the world which can be compared with it.
There is no miracle of art, no triumph of me-
chanical ingenuity, which can, in the beauty of
its proportions, the renovation of its strength,
the regulation of its power, and the harmony of
its operations, furnish us with any analogies to
this great and wonderful framework of govern-
ment, which,until our recent troubles began,per-
formed its functions more like the silent influences
of nature than a human invention; which guar-
antied universal security and order, commanded
everywhere authority and respect, filled a conti-
nent with peace, prosperity, and plenty, yet
rested upon the shoulders ofthe people as lightly
as the air they breathed.
