448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
It had, sir, but one wheel which in the roll of
■years could give way. That has broken, scat-
tering ruin and destruction around; but the frag-
ments arc being removcd^a new one, stronger
and better, let us thank God, than the old one, is
about to replace it, as much stronger as justice is
stronger than injustice, as much better as liberty
ip better than oppression. But I deny that the
' organism needs any repair of the kind now pro-
posed. I deny that any necessity exists for it.
No such necessity has be.en shown to exist. The
proposition .is for an alteration purely experi-
mental. It is not demanded by any exigency of
public affairs. It is not justified by any public
necessity. It is calculated to confuse the bound-
aries which should define thedistribution of power
and to unsettle the balance of the Constitution.
The existing arrangements of the Constitution in
this respect have not been proven to be either
injurious or inconvenient. Why, then, should we
tinker at them, or substitute for apian winch has
.stood the test of time and experience the im-
aginary improvements of theanarchists of Mont-
gomery ?
. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to occupy more
of the time of this House upon this subjcct. I
will yield the floor for the remainder of my time
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. There are twenty-five min-
utes of the time of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] unexpired.
Mr. STEVENS. I-ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to yield the floor at this time.
If he will do so, then 1 will ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] to consent to have
this subjcct postponed until I can report a bill
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WILSON. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. ( I shall be pleased to do
as suggested by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. StevensJ if it shall
suit the convenience of the Houm2. Therefore,
in order to test the sense of the House, I will
move that the further consideration of this sub-
ject be postponed until one week from to-morrow,
which i believe is the first day upon the Calendar
which will be unoccupied by any special order,
and that it he made the special oruor for that day.
There is no vacant day to which I can postpone
this subject until Friday of next week, which is
private hill day. I desire to suggest to gentlemen
who are interested in the Private Calendar that
to-morrow has been especially assigned for its
consideration. I hope the convenience of the
House will be consulted by postponing this sub-
ject till that time.
Mr. WEBSTER. I desire to say that there
has been no day devoted to the consideration of
private bills during this session.
Mr. liOLMAN. To-morrow has been set
apart for that.
Mr. WEBSTER. Very well. I will make no
objection to the postponement.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of this subject be postponed
till Friday of next week, and made the special
order for that day, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask leave to report
from the Committee of Ways and Means a defi-
ciency bill, for the purpose of stalling it here and
, have it go to the Senate.
The bill was road a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that this bill be con-
sidered in the House, and at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object, provided
the bill is considered, subject to the same rules
and the same points of order as in Committee of
the Whole.
No objection being made, it was ordered accord-
ingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the House will dis-
pense with the reading of this bill at length after
X have stated what it is. It is piecisely the bill
■which the Ilouseagreed to, including the amend-
ments of the Senate for the California and Den-
ver mints, &c.; all that we agreed to, except the
clause in relation to the House employes. I have
put that matter in such shape that it will not. I il
think, offend the consciences of the Senate. I un-
derstand that it will most likely pass that body
in the form in which it in now reported. All the
rest of the bill is precisely what we agreed to
before.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of the
section referred to by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
It was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. *Bndbcit further enacted, Thatthesumof §38.000
be, and the same i  hereby, appropriated, to be added to
the conunifnr land of the House, to enable the IJou e of
Representatives tofulilll its pledges and obligations hereto-
tote made; and the same shall be audited and settled on
&ne]i vouchers as shall be produced by the Clerk of the
ilouse.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the only alteration
made in the bill. Some of the Senators said that
when it was in the former shape they could not
help seeing it, and therefore they objected to it.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. According to the order of the
House this bill is subject now to the same rules
as in the Committee of the Whole. It is there-
fore inconsistent with that understanding to call
the previous question now. And 1 desite to move
to strike out the feature of the bill which has just
been read.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can move to
strike that out, and then 1 will call tho previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is not in accordance
with the order of the House, that this bill shall
be considered in the House subject to the rules
in force in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman wants to
debate the question for five minutes I have no
objection, and will withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out section
two of this bill. What I especially object to in
that section is the proposition that this'iTouse is
pledged to the payment of this additional twenty
per cent, to the employes of the Ilouse. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Silvlns,] in
discussing this subject yesteiduy, n-fened to
precedents which had heretofore occurred, by
which the House, by its own act, had appropti-
ated out of the contingent fund sums of money.
There uie probably such instances, but I think
no case can be found where so large a sum as
this has been appropi sated on the one hand, or
where, upon the other hand, it was so distinctly
and faiily a pioposition to increase salaries.
Here is an attempt on the part of one branch
of Congress to appropiiate #38,000, upon the
idea that it has a right to act independently of
the other branch of Congress in tho appropria-
tion of the public money. It is the most remark-
able statf of affairs that has ever presented itself
in tins House. I think the country owes some-
thing to the other branch of this Congress in le-
si.stmg this assumption of power on the part of
the House of Representatives. A pledge ! Why
the gentleman I rom Pennsylvania,[Mr. Stevens,]
it seems to me, insults the intelligence of the coun-
try and of tins House. A pledge on the part of
this House to give a certain sum of money ! If
gentlemen have been induced to go into the pub-
lic employment upon the assurance and belief
that they were to receive this additional compen-
sation, then it might all ba well enough. But,
ni fact, such is not the case.
On the other hand it is not to be presumed—I
do not care what piecedents may be referred to,
it cannot be presumed—that any intelligent citizen
believes that this House, by its own act, can in-
crease by twenty per cent., urany other per cent.,
the salaries and compensation of public officers.
1 regret that the subject of such an amendment
as this, involving a principle like this, .should be
deemed of so much importance on the part of the
House. Gentlemen do not seem to considerthat
the employes of this House, gentlemanly as they
are and as I have always asserted them to be,
who have performed their duties faithfully and
well so far as my experience has extended, are
extremely well paid, it seems to me, in compari-
son with other employes of the Government.
Let me mention usinglc case by way of illustra-
tion. One gentleman,connected with this House
as a committee clei k, who during this session will
perform service for the period of three months,
who is not required to remain here an hour after
the expiration of the three months, will receive
for his three months' service the handsome com-
pensation of $1,800; and yet the duties of a cleric
to a committee aie not, even during the session,
of the most laborious chaiacter. Yet some gen-
tlemen talk about the employes of this House
being unable to support themselves on the pay
which they now receive I
The compensation paid to the employes of this
Ilouse is in wonderful contrast with the salaries
paid in other departments of the Government.
Many of the departmental clerks, with" wives and
children to support, receive but §1,200 or $1,600
per annum, and this, too, for service, not during
only three months, but during the entire year.
Yet as a mere matter of favoritism—a favoritism
which is the more readily exercised because be-
stowed upon those with whom we are in daily
intercourse—members of this House are willing
to exhibit this remarkable spectacle of partiality
as legislators. I do not think, sir, that it is be-
coming to this House to so entirely fprget other
employes of the Government in a favoritism
toward the employes of this House, however
much these gentlemen may be entitled to our re-
spect^and confidence for the faithful performance
of their duties,
I trust, sir, that the House will strike out this
item of $38,000, and that we shall not set the
example of this partial system of legislation. I
hope, especially, that gentlemen upon this side of
the House, who have always, in their respective
States, protested against paiuality in legislation,
will not be found giving their sanction to a propo-
sition so abhorrent to every principle of Democ*
lacy.
Mr.RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to say only a single word in connec-
tion with this matter, for the subject was very
fully discussed yesterday, and the judgment of
the House on the question was very decidedly
expressed.
Sir, 1 do not, as the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] appears to do, regard this asa po-
litical question in any possible aspect. I have no
appeal to make to this side of the House on po
litical grounds. My appeal in favor of this appro-
priation is to justice and just men, irresppciive of
politics. These employes of the House are, I
conceive, entitled to the money which we propose
to appiopriate. The faith of this House has been
pledged to pay them this money, and I have no*
idea of allowing the other branch of Congress to
dictate to us in relation to matters which pertain
solely to this House, and which should be under
our own control. I am not acquainted with any
principle of Democracy that warrants me in doing
injustice. On tho contrary, the Democracy which
i have learned has taught me to be just to all men.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I only wish
to say that this is the same proposition which was
yesteiday sustained in this House by a vote of
two to one, except that it is now put m such a
shape as will enable the Senate, without incon-
sistency, to acquiesce in it.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] consent to an amendment?
Mr. STEV ENS. Let mc first hear wh'at it is.
Mr. SLOAN. It is to substitute for the sec-
tion as it stands the following;
That a sufficient sum b-1 appropriated to pay a!} the i m-
ployos ot' llie Government, in tlie civil and military sei vice,
twenty per cent., ni addition to the pay they are now re-
ceiving.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentlen )an from
Pennsylvania yield for the purpose of allowing
the amendment to be offered?
Mr. ST EVENS. I suppose the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] is in fun. [Laughter.]
Mr. SLOAN. 1 am not in fun. 1 think my
proposition is no more than just.
Mr, STEVENS. 1 decline to yield, and I
move that the debate now close.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that, if this bill is
to be considered as in Committe e of the Whole,
as the House has ordered, the gentleman cannot
i call the previous question, or move to close de-
I bate while any gentleman has an amendment to
| offer. That is the principle universally" applied
! in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is familiar
wuh llie rules, and knows that the committee
rises and goes into the House to close debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. That cannot be done while
an amendment is pending.
