THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED
J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1865.
New Series.i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
It is the practice every tiny for the committee to
rise and to go into the House in order to close
debate. It is true that a bill cannot be reported
while amendments are pending.
Mr. SLOAN. I think I have a right to offer
my amendment under the understanding of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman's amendment
is not germane even if he had the right to submit it.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Randall,
of Pennsylvania, and Spalding, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 6.
So the debate was closed.
The question then recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Holman and
Stkyens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes twenty-five; more than one fifth of those
present; so the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 76,not voting 69; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. All^v,Allison, Attics, Augustus C. Bald-
win, John 1). tSahhvui, D.ixter, licaniau, Blaine, Bioomall,
Amluo^e \V, Claik, Cobb, Fanmvorth. Gooch, Gunnell,
Harding. Higby, llolmiui, A^ahd W. Hubbard, Ingrisoli,
Juhau, KibMin, Kianeis \V. Keliojrg, OiJ.uido Kellogg,
Koriian. iMotiill, Daniel Moms, Noiton, Peiliam, Price,
John IL Itice, Ivihvaui II. Rollins, tiloan, Spahlmg, Up-
son, Elihu 15. Wushburne, William 15, \Vashburn, and
Wilson—37.
NAYS — Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Ashley,
Bail}, Boyd, Clianlor, Colo, Cox, Ctavens, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. D«ivi>, t)a\v^ou, Deiusou, Dixon, Don-
nelly. Dugcs Eckley, Eden, Ed£ < iton, Eldndjje, Eliot,
JFmck, Gannon, Garfield,Grider, lleinck, Ilotchkiss, John
11. Hubbard, Jenelcev, Kalblioiscli, Kelley, Knox, Law,
Lazcar, Liitlejohn, Loan, Long, Longyear, Mallory,Mar-
vin, McAllister, Mcfiudii, Mooihe.td, James 11. Moiris,
Amos Myeis, Lf-onaul Myer^, Nelson, Odell, Charles
0:Ni ill, John O'Neill. Pendleion, Kudibrd, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randall, ltoycK, James S llnilm*, lioss,
FIkuuioii, Sinuheis, Stair,John I). Steele, Htevens, Stiles,
FtuurtjTliayer, To\vn«end, Wadtwoith, Webster.Wbaley,
Wheelei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams,
Wmdorn, Wmtield. and Woodhndjje—76.
NOT VOTING—MesM-. James (J, Allen, Anderson, Ar-
nold, I lair, Bli^, Blow, Jiouiwell, Brandegcc, Brooks,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke,
Cla\, Coffioth, Cieswell3 Dawes, Deming, Ptimont. Eng-
lish, Fiank.Guswold, Ilale, Hall, flainngton, Benjamin (J.
IJaiiH, Charles M. Hani-, Iloopei, Ilulburd, Iliitchins,
Philip Johnson, Willuim Johnson, King, (Cu.ipp, Le Blond,
Matey, MeCluig, McDowell, Mclndoe, MeKumey, Mid-
dletoii, Samuel F. Millei, William H. Miller, Morrison,
Noble, Ouh, Patterson, Periy, Pike, Pomeioy. Pruyn,
Alexander II. Rice. Robinson, Schenek, Seoliold, Scott,
Smith, William G. Steele, Stiouse, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy,
Van Valkenburgh, Voorhee^, Waid, Wilder, Beujamiii
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woi thington, and Yeaman—69.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INSPECTORS OF STEAMBOATS—AGAIN.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged motion. I move to reconsider the vote
y which the House laid on the table House bill
No. 667, to provide for two assistant inspectors
of steamboats in the city of New York, and for
two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois, which
was reported from the Committee on Commerce
by the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
15URXE.] The motion was made by me under a
misapprehension of the character of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote by
29
E:
which the bill was recommitted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"WAGON ROADS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to amend an act granting
aid to the State of Michigan to construct wagon
roads for military and postal purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
GRANTS OF LAND FOR RAILROAD PURPOSES.
Mr. DRIGGS also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to extend the time for the com-
pletion of certain railroads to which land grants
nave been made in the States of Michigan and
"Wisconsin; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lards.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BURNING OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing; resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Giomtds be dueettd to inquire into the origin of the Ihc
by which the cSimthsotu.ui Institute building and the val-
uable deport-: therein were oti Tuesday last, in whole or
in part, destroyed, the approximators to the Government
ami piivate persons, the means necessary to preserve the
rem.tming poi uons, and such other facta m connection
therewith as may he of public interest; and to report by bill
or otherwise.
CLAIMS FOR QUARTERMASTER'S STORES.
Mr. HOTCHICISS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermaster's stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States, approved July 4, 1864; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by unanimous
conscnt, introduced a bill to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to incorporate the Metropolitan
Railroad Company of the District of Columbia;"
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. 1
TAX ON STATE BANK CIRCULATION.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution to tax State bank cir-
culation; which was rend a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SWEAT asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill to authorize the extension of the
Northern Pacific railroad eastward to Ontonagon,
State of Michigan, to provide for its connection
eastward with the Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and
Canadian system of railroads at Port Huron, De-
troit, Toledo, Fort Wayne, and Dayton.
Mr. ELDK1DGE objected.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous conscnt, presented
resolutions of the constitutional convention of the
State of Missouri, instructing the Senators and
Representatives of that State to vote for the con-
stitutional amendment for the abolition of slavery;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
NAVAL REGISTER.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohei, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers 01 this House twenty-live hundred copics of the Navy
Register.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved that the vote by
which the resolution was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table a
Senate bill for reference only*
No objection being made, the bill of the Senate
(No. 382) to provide for the better organization of
the pay department of the Navy, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 677)
to amend an net entitled " An act to provide ways
and means for the support of the Government
and forotherpurposes," approved June 30,1864;
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. STEVENS, I now insist that we proceed
to the regular order of business; and therefore 1
move that the House adjourn. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at four o'clock and ten minutes, p. m.)
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 27, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. V. M. Hurlbert, of Yonkera,
New York.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVES COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 23d
instant calling for a statement showing the amount
of collections in each internal revenue collection
district, and the amount of moneys deposited in
authorized depositories, as paid to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue by the collector of each
district, stating that the information culled for is
contained in the tabular statements accompany-
ing the annual report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, which will be laid before Con-
gress during the present week in printed form.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. SUMNER presented the credentials of
Hon, Henry Wilson, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Massachusetts a Senator from that
State for the term ofsix years, commencing March
4,1865; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Hol-
lenbeck & Zeigler, of Savannah, Georgia, pray-
ing payment for property taken by the military
force under the command of Major General Sher-
man; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, clerks in the War, Treasury, and
Interior Departments, praying for an increase of
salary; which was referred to the Committee ou
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, clerks in the Interior, War,
Treasury, and Navy Departments, praying for
an increase of salary; which was referred to the
Committer on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
medical officers in the several regiments compris--
ing the third division fifth Army corps, praying
for an increaseof the pay of surgeonsand assist-
ant surgeons in the military service of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWARD presentod the memorial of
Ernst Maurice Buerger, pastor of the German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, Washington city#
District of Columbia, and member of the German
