nn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. As the Committee on
Naval Affairs have intrusted the charge of this
bill to me, and as, if it now loses its priority, it is
obvious it cannot come up again this session, I
must go on to the end of the chapter.
_ Mr. Speaker, I had at the moment of interrup-
tion arrived at the very pith and marrow of this
case; that is, the changes ordered by theDepart-
ment. It will be remembered by the House that
these contracts were for iron vessels of a class and
type hitherto unknown in naval architecture.
That" queer looking cheese-box on a raft" which
steamed into Hampton Roads in the gray dawn
of tlmt memorable morning after an entire fleet
of wooden ships had been sunk or driven ashore
by a single rebel iron-clad, heralded the advent
of a new epoch in naval warfare. Her advent
marked a new era in ship-building, as distinctive
from its predecessor as in the pre-Adamic history
the era of the mammalia is different from the era
of the trilobite. When the sun went down on
that day's conflict, the age of wooden vessels for
war purposes had passed into history. The Lon-
don Times, at the news of that day's work, said
that the " boasted fleet of England now consists
of just four ships." The germs of the trilobites.
henceforth are laid up in ordinary, beneath the
"Old Red Sandstone." But the" little Monitor,"
though an original creation of the genius of John
Ericsson, was still not a perfect one. The first
creations of genius are rarely perfect. It is the
law of great ideas that they come forth rough
hewn; and the Monitor was a great idea. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] said the other
day in debate (quoting Carlyle) that " a ship-of-
war was a great fact." The Monitor was more.
She was a great idea. But she had many imper-
fections, and the test of battle showed them. Her
voyage around to the Roads, what time she was
led by the hand of Providence to our deliverance,
had also developed many inconveniences and
oversights in her construction.
The earlier class of vessels of that type, under
the test of ocean steaming and of battle, all de-
veloped objections. These were to be remedied;
and after these contracts were given out, and
when the work was partially completed, the al-
terations called far by time and experience were
ordered; and they were very substantial altera-
tions, involving very great expense, and, what was
worse, delay to these contractors. I have not
time now to specify these alterations in detail.
They are all set forth with particularity in the
report of the Senate Committee on Naval Affairs,
which report the House committee has adopted.
There is no dispute about these facts, for the very
order of the Department itself detailing the altera-
tions is printed with the report. They were very
many; they were ordered at different"times, and
they involved a very great delay in the comple-
tion of these contracts. And, Mr. Speaker, delay
then was loss; time was money then, if ever.
Owing to the peculiar causes I have before al-
hitled to, and within the recent recollection of all
of us, gold was going up day by day, almost
hour by hour, as the mercury mounts the tube
when exposed to the blaze of a fire. Of course
the market for materials hung trembling upon the
gold room, and the bulls in coin at their parlor
in the Fifth avenue affected by their operations
the price of ship materials as well as the price of
bullion. Twoor three months'delay—in a con-
tract for a §700,000 steamer—occasioned by the
Government, at a time when gold rose one per
cent, a day, and sometimes more, was the last
straw which broke down these contractors. The
result is to some of them relief or bankruptcy.
That is the whole question, just as it stands now
before you. They have worked calmly on until
now, patiently fulfilling their contracts, both in
spirit and letter, until the earnings of a lifetime
have been swamped in the operation.
And now, sir, here they are, and what do they
«sk ? Not to plunder your Treasury, not for a
(lobar of profit on their work, not, as some gen-
tlemen seem to think, to obtain additional com-
pensation for services rendered; but they simply
ask you to pay what these vessels have actually <
cost them, and you yourselves are to be the I
judges of what they cost. These American me- I
chanies stand here and ask you to pay the actual I
cost of the ships which carry your flag upon the '
ocean, and not one dime in addition? Sir, can [
you refuse them ? Did ever a Government since
the dawn of history obtain a navy upon such
cheap terms as these ? Will you refuse so rea-
sonable a request, and in one moment sponge out
of them the earnings of a lifetime? Mr.Speaker,
I know not how other gentlemen may feel, but
for myself I declare I could not read the history
of the splendid achievements of our gallant Navy
in the ears of my little children without a blush
of shame, if it is to be coupled with the recollec-
tion that its keels were laid on the wreck of the
private fortunes of the men who constructed it
—a Navy which has already saved you from foi-
eign war, and done so much and so well toward
putting down domestic insurrection.
Mr. ICALBFLEISCH. I should like to in-
quire how much is involved in this bill.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will state that in a
moment; and when I do come to that, and the
reasons urged for refusing to pay because of the
magnitude of the amount, I shall claim the atten-
tion of my very excellent and vehement friend
who sits in front of me, [Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois;] upon which occasion I trust I shall, as
now,have the honor of his attention while I refer
to some small matters of appropriation in which
his record is not quite consistent with his present
economical opposition.
But to proceed. Ruin and bankruptcy stare in
the face the men who have built the American
Navy, while you higgle about paying them its
cost. You say it is by no fault of yours that the
cost has exceeded thecontract price. I reply with
more truth, it is no fault of theirs. And if it be
not, and no one pretends that it is, is it fair that
they should carry the whole loss?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The bill does not propose
to pay them, but it proposes to raise a board and
to job out our legislation to the Navy Department.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. 1 thank the gentleman
for reminding me of an argument for the bill which
I should otherwise have forgotten. The objection
he raises is to my mind one of the main merits of
the measure, and this I will undertake to show
in a moment. My argument now leads me to
reply to the objection on the score of the amount
involved. But I will not forget the gentleman;
and if I do, I beg him to remind me of his point
before I take my seat.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard but one objection
deserving the name to the payment of these men,
and that is that the country cannot affort it, at
least not now. And it is with that view that in-
sinuations and innuendoes have been injected into
this debate as to the amount involved in its pas-
sage. That amount, like the three black crows,
has not diminished m its passage from mouth to
mouth. The committee findtheamountinvolved,
if all were paid, to be about four millions. The
gentleman from Maine immediately applies arith-
metical progression to the statement and an-
nounces it to be $6,000,000; while the gentleman
from Illinois, not to be outdone on tliisfloor by a
Maine mathematician, resorts to geometric cal-
culations, and insists upon it it is $20,000,000.
Whatever be the amount, it is said, it is too large
to pay now.
Air. Speaker, if it be too large a sum forthirty
million people to pay, I suggest it is too large for
these fifteen gentlemen to lose. If it will bankrupt"
your Treasury, in the name of Heaven what is to
become of theirs? Too large a sum to pay to the
men who have built yourNavy! Why, sir, I have
satin this Hall this session asilentand awe-struck
spectator at the facility with which you voted ap- j
propriations to every mendicant enterprise that
knocked at the door of your Treasury. I thought <
as I gazed upon this bewildering prodigality that j
your resources were inexhaustible, or, at any I
rate, that your generosity was. You cannot vote ;
$4,000,000 to pay for the hulls which in the com- j
ing day of ocean conflict are to dictate the law to
the nations, but you can vote millions upon mil-
lions of your imperial domain—the suiest foun-
dation of your credit—to a great scheme of west-
ern railroads. You can engage in an unseemly
quarrel with the Senate upon a vital appropria-
tion bill, to give to your clerks and messengers
twenty per cent, of additional compensation, but
you cannot afford the twenty per cent, provided
by this bill to save American mechanics from
bankruptcy. You can—without the opposition of
my most excellent friend, who was as dumb as tin
oyster—vote an enormous subsidy fornn oceanic
communication with the Emperor of China, and
his cousin-pagan, the great Khan of Tartary.
" Where, where was Roderick then ?
One blast upon hisbu«le-!iorri
Were worth a thousand men."
And you can and did, under the lead of the
gentleman from Illinois, vote thrice, yes, four
times, as many millions as this bill proposes, to
forcingan unnatural wedlock between the waters
of the Hudson and the waters of the Mississippi.
Yes, sir, $40,000,000 will have gone down into
that cavern of folly before the youngest child of
this generation will come to see an armed vessel
of depth sufficient to navigate the ocean carried
from New York bay by way of the lakes to the
Father of Waters. And to show that you are
consistent alike in things small and great, I ex-
pect to seS the House, before this week closes,
vote $1,000 mileage to the western gentlemen who
spend from thirty to forty dollars in getting from
their homes to the capital.
And now, sir, not to forget the promise to my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] across
the way, I come to the provisions of the bill itself.
What is it? What does it propose ? It does not
propose an appropriation. But as I am a frank
man and am not apt to disguise what 1 mean, I
have no doubt that it will involve an appropria-
tion when its provisionscome to be put in execu-
tion. The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Navy shall have authority to appoint a board, if he
shall deem necessary, to examine into the claims
of these parties, and to report to him what relief,
if any, is just and equitable. And upon their re-
port, if approved by him, he shall have authority
to pay the sum awarded to each out of the fund
provided for the construction of vessels; but in
no case to pay more than twenty per cent, in
addition to the contract price, nor in any case
more than the actual and necessary cost. That
is the Ions and the short of it.
Mr. YEAMAN. I ask the gentleman now
to yield to an adjournment.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The House is listening
to me in such good temper now after its storm
that I decline to yield. Besides,! am about-through.
I shall only explain a provision or two of the bill
and then find a good point to wind up on.
Mr. Speaker, if I understand the objection of
my friend over the way [Mr. Scofield] it is that
the respective merits of these various claimants
is not, upon the theory of the bill, to be determined
here, but by a board to be appointed by the head
of the Navy Department. Well, sir, I have al-
ready stated that I think that feature of the hill
will commend itselfto the judgmentof the House.
It is "jobbing out legislation" to the Navy De-
partment, and abdicating our privilege to it. For
one I am quite content to " let out this job," Mr.
Speaker, to the Navy Department for the simple
reason that it can be intelligently decided there
and cannot here. That is all. The very nature
of the questions to be decided makes a board of
experts the best tribunal and this House the
poorest tribunal to adjudicate them. What are
they? The cost of vessels, of vessels built in
different parts of the Union by different contract-
ors, of different types and sizes, and at different
times and prices. Such questions involve an in-
vestigation of the costof every material of which
they are constructed, of the prices of labor at the
different periods and different points, a very care-
ful examination of books and figures, a personal
inspection of the work and the manner of its com-
pletion. Will anyone pretend thatsueh an investi-
gation can be had here? Why, sir, I know of no
forum under heaven worse calculated for the con-
sideration of such questions than this Hall, and
I know of no way in which they can be so intel-
ligently decided and so well as by aboard of offi-
cers to be appointed by that Department within
whose purview such questions belong.
If it be objected, as has been hinted rather than
stated, tlmt the appointment ought not to be lodged
with the present head of that Department, I have
this to say, that there is where it legitimately
belongs. I have no reason, as the House knows
full well, to be either the admirer or the eulogist
of the Secretary. He has persistently, not to say
willfully, opposed himself to a great measure of
public importance, regarded by himself as vital
to the welfare oftne Navy, against the judgment
