THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
. J (V
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 1865.
New Series No. 77.
of the very board selected by himself to advise
him—against the judgment of the Naval Commit-
tee of this House, and of four filths of the naval
officers of the country—against l'le interests of
the State in which I was born and the district I
have the honor to represent. And so far as our
private relations are concerned, I have asked him
for but few favors and have received—none.
But I will do the Secretary justice. He is an
honest man. I have known him for fifteen or
twenty years, and I know his heart is as far from
corruption as heaven is from earth. I am willing
to trust the composition of this board, which is
to control the disbursement of $4,000,000, to him
—knowing that 110 dollar of it will cleave to either
his palms or theirs.
This very tribunal is limited to the measure of
relief; so that you, not these claimants, select
your own court, and then you prescribe the mode
by which you limit the relief to but twenty per
cent.,and to not only the actual but the necessary
cost. So that even by this bill they get scanty
as well as tardy justice, if they get relief at all.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say one word in
closing what might be called a peroration to a
less desultory speech. I believe my record on
this floor will show that 1 am not in the habit of
voting unnecessary appropriations. I have as
persistently opposed them, large and small, as
any other gentleman 011 this floor, always ex-
cepting my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wasii-
burne,] and 1 have kept pretty close to his heels,
except when he lias flown out of his orbit. My
record is clear and indisputable upon that point.
And it is so from education and instinct, for I
represent a constituency who arc a thrifty and a
frugal folk, and while they are content to pay of
their substance to all needed wants and for all
honest claims upon the Government, they have
no tolerance for the harpy crew who are feeding
and feasting upon her bleeding heart in this hour
of her trial. But I should be false to myself, to
my own sense of justice, false to my constituents
who believe in a fair day's wages for a fair day's
labor, false to the good name of the country, if 1
did not ask you to deal fairly by the American
mechanics who laid the keels of the American
Navy.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I call for the reading of the
140th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"1-10. Nu exHa compensation shrill he allowed to any
officer or uu"^eni><:t, page, laborer, or otlier person 111 the
service of tin* Ilou->e, or engaged in or about Ihe public
grounds' or building; and no pei.son filinll ho an oilicer ol
the House,or continue in it-, employment, who shall bean
agent for the prosecution of any claim against the Govern-
ment, or he interested in such claim otherwise than an
original claimant; and it shall bo the dutyol the Commit-
tee of Accounts to inquire into and report to the Ilou^e
any violation of thN rule."
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I charge
that there is an employe of the House upon the
floor who is acting as an agent for these claim-
tints. His conduct has been observed by me and
by other members of the House to-night. I have
Been him introduce persons on the floor who are
not privileged to the floor, and who are interested
in the passage of this joint resolution. I have
seen him prompting members and doing various
other indecent and improper things, and I ask
that that rule bo enforced. [Cries of " Name
him."] His name is Wilson, and lie occupies
the position of lobbyist under cover of employ-
ment under the Doorkeeper.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
raises a point of order,and makes a charge upon
his own responsibility. In 1842 the House adopted
a rule that 110 employe of theirs should be inter-
ested in any claim pending before the House ex-
cept as an original claimant himself. Ijf there is
any employe—the person suggested by the gentle-
man from Illinois or any ether person—who has
violated thatrule, he will beexcludedfrom the Hall,
and it is the duty of the Committee of Accounts,
under this rule, to examine into the case and report
upon it. The Doorkeeper will enforce the rule.
11
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask further
that the rule be enforced that excludes from the
floor all persons except those who are privileged.
I think it high time that we adopted some rule
here that shall be administered—either throw
open the doors and let everybody in or exclude
everybody who is not entitled to be here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
requires the enforcement of the rule in regard to
piivileged admissions to the floor. All persons
who are not entitled by the rules to remain upon
the floor will now retire.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I still hold the floor,
and in accordance with a promise 1 made, 1 will
now yield ten minutes of the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
L. Myers.]
Mr. PIKE. I object to the gentleman yield-
ing unless he yields absolutely.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to yield to any gentleman for explanation of the
pending measure.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I would remind the
gentleman from Connecticut, before he yields (he
floor, that he has not yet answered my ques-
tion.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will answer the gentle-
man's question. I understand from the statements
of parties who appeared before the committee (hut
the joint resolution will involve about four million
dollars if the entire amount shall be awarded; the
joint resolution proposes that the award of the
board shall appropriate any sum, within certain
limits, that they may find each particular party
entitled to, and the total may not amount to that
sum; but I am a frank man, and I do notdisguise
the fact that I believe, if this hill is passed,
#4,000,000 will be taken from the Treasury to re-
deem from bankruptcy the men who iiave made
this Navy.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mi. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
this resolution would pass without dissent, be-
cause it proposes a ju«t relief to a worthy class
ofettizens—men who hate contributed in no small
degree to sustain the honor of the country. Yet
1 scarcely expected it, and fiom the opposition
made to-night, as on several occasions of late,
the proper demands of the Navy seem to me to
find very little favor with some gentlemen of this
House. My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Hiian-
degke] has so ably explained the measure under
consideration that it is unnecessary to enter into
details. 1 shall content myself at this late hour
with taking a general and national view of the
matter. As I understand the'question—and 1
have done what probably agieat many here have
not: I have carefully read the Senate report upon
it—a number of well-known, some of them emi-
nent citizens, builders of armored and other ves-
sels, and steam machinery, owing to the war it-
self, the rise in gold, the increased cost of all ihe
materials and labor entering into their contiaets,
above all to the alterations in plans suggested by
a constantly-growing expei icnce,and oideied by
the Navy Department, would now be greatly the
losers if we kept them rigidly to their oiigtnal
contract pi ices. They are before the Congress
of the nation for relief, and I hope it will be cheer-
fully accorded to them.
Mr. GANSON". Will the gentleman specify
wherein the ehan^ein the contracts was made ?
Mr. L. MYERS. Certainly I will specify. I
find by looking over the Senate lepnrt that tier-
ing the progress of the woik many and material
modifications of plan were adopted. In some cases
the contractors were required to suspend work
until new plans and specifications could be pre-
pared.
Mr. GANSON. Will the gentleman please
explain ?
Mr. L. MYERS. I decline to yield further.
I am about to explain, and am now answering
thegentleman'squostion. A:;one instance, I fmd
in a letter addressed by Genetai Inspector Sti-
mers to Messrs. Secor & Co., one of these firms,
under orders from the chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction, the following:
"In conseqnencc of defects developed in the monitor
vessels now afloat In actual service at sea and in battles,
it has been decided to make the following changea In th®
iron-clad steamers Mahopuc, Tecumseh, aud Manhattan,
now building by you"—
with a minute description of the alterations re-
quired and a request for the calculation of the
d i(Terence in cost between the original and amended
plans, all of which the gentleman can read if he
sees fit.
J find also in this report that—
The delays occasioned in the woik by the changes of
the plan$ caused large losses to the contractors; first., by
leaving their l.tboi unemployed for the time upon their
hand-?; second, by requiring thorn to carry insurance and
interest; third, by the eonsiant ami rapid inciease of tho
eo-H of labor and materials, and tlio depieciation ot the cur-
rency, for which tho Department could not give adequate
and complete relief."
The committee state very fully that when these
various contracts were made the art of building
iron-clad ships-of-war was yet but an experi-
ment, constant modifications in plans becoming
necessary. To satisfy the gentleman from New
York [Mr. GaxsonJ I will read their conclu-
sions and the convincing reasons they give:
"The committee uic f.aiihflod that the petitioners have
sustained, .ukI ate sustaining, heavy losses, winch it was
not in then puwei to avoid aitei making their contracts.
Tin Ir connect* wi  <: gencially lor huge amounts, and re-
quited a long lime for their completion. It was impossible
toi them to make piovision foi all the material iequired,dr
to lore-ee and ptovidc against ilie gteat advance in the
piice of i.ihor. The demand lor lion ot peculiar and large
sizes and line quality was gieat,thc supply small, and the
means of piodueing it in the country limited. New ma-
chinoiy tor pn paiini: and rolling ii was necessary ; under
such circumstance^. buildeiso! won ships and heavy ma-
chinery could notconiMct in advance for such quantities
us would be reqinird, even could they advance the money,
«o that they ucie compelled to abide the fortunes of the
maiket. J)uiuigt!io pio;:ie«.*s of the work by many of tin;
petitioners labor and materials have advanced, perhaps,
one hundied per cent. Tins was not foreseen either by the
icekless or the most prudent. The incienycd cost of labor
aud mateiiaN ouiran the calculations of eveiy one. Ought
the los:-en resulting hom smelt a state ol t<u H to fall en-
tncly upon the petiiioitcis? The committee think not."
And, Mr. Speaker, I think not.
I am one of those, sir, who believe in the power
and efficiency of our steam, and especially of our
armored vessels. I think the Government should
facilitate in every honorable way, not only the
completion of those now building, but ihe con-
struction and perfection of enough more to make
us beyond question the most formidable Power
in the woihl; and I am willing to leave the ques-
tion of additional conpensation for these ship-
builders to the Navy Department or a boaid of
iis selection, limited, however, in the amount to be
paid as proposed by the lesolution.
What especially commends this resolution to
me is that, instead of hastily passing upon the
metits of these applications here, the whole sub-
ject is committed to those who best understand it,
and etui calmly, upon an examination of dates,
figure;:, and facts, do even-handed justice, allow-
ing, reducing, or totnlly rejecting a claim, as the
evidence shall warrant. Hut itappears to nic this
very leferen^c of the matter to the Navy Depart-
ment creates much of the opposition manifested
so warmly to-night.
1 know, sir, there are a few here who decry the
management of that branch of our service, who
speak lightly of the icsnlts attained by the uon-
clad and other vess< Is built bv its direction, and
omit no opportunity for attack upon it.
The Navy Department needs no defense from
me. We are passing through the greatest struggle
known to history. A peaceful people, we have
shown that patiiotism and a just cause know no
obstacles. An army of a million brave men this
day triumphantly carries forward the banners of
the Union.
But, Mr. Speaker, proudestamong the creations
of this war is the American Navy. In March,
3861, four wooden vessels within reach of orders
and twenty sent away by traitors; now a fleet of
six hundred and seventy-one vessels, seventy-one
of then: iron-clad; one hundred patrolling the
waters of the redeemed Mississippi, the Cumber-
4
jS
