452
Tip CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
AT3SENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Coliamer, Cowan,
Harding, Hicks, Howard, Laue of Katwis, >McDougali,
Kiddie,' Trumbull, apd Wilkinson—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. It was
ordered that the amendment be engrossed, and
that the bill be read a third time. The bill was
read the third,time., and passed.
RETALIATION ON KEBEL PRISONEKS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the, consideration of the joint resolution
(S. R. Ho* 97)i advising retaliation for the cruel
treatment of prisonersby the insurgents, the pend-
ing question; being on Mr. Wilson's motion to
recommit it to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs
and the Militia^
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, at the ad-
journment of the Senate yesterday I was refer-
ring to the fact that as far as I was then advised,
or, indeed, as I am now advised, there is not
before us any official evidence that the cruelties
practiced upon our prisoners which are mentioned
in the report of the 5th of May, 1864, have been
continued since. 1 was told by the honorable mem-
ber from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] that he had
it from one who had belonged to the Army, and
who was unfortunate enough, to be captured and
imprisoned in one of the prisons in South Caro-
lina, that there was, to a certain extent, at least,
cruelty as far as cruelty consists in failing to give
the prisoners a sufficient ration. What I meant,
however, was that we have no official evidence
other than what is contained in the report of May
5, 3864, that the outrages which are hypotheti-
cal^ stated, though stated as facts in the resolu-
tion reported by the committee, have been perpe-
trated since'that report.
The honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
who was one of the committee by whom the re-
port of May 5, 1864, was made, interrupted me
yesterday by saying that there had been an an-
tecedent report in which evidence was presented
to the Senate of other outrages of the same de-
scription. The purpose for which 1 referred to
the report of May 5, 18G4, is rather strengthened
than weakened by that fact, because it appears
that even prior to the 5th of May, 1864, the Sen-
ate, and of course the committee, whose business
it had been to examine into the facts, were ad-
vised that these cruelties had been practiced; and
yet from that time until a few days since, I am
not aware that any measures have been recom-
mended by the committee or any member of the
Senate^ looking to a resort to such a system as is
proposed either by the resolution introduced by
the honorable member himself, or by the report
made by the committee to whom that resolution
was referred. I suppose, Mr. President-—and
they had a right to rely upon it—that the mem-
bers of the committee, including my friend from
Ohio, were under the impression that the Presi-
dent of the United States would take all proper
steps to arrest these barbarous acts as against
our own men.
Now, assuming as I do,notwithstanding what
has fallen from the Senator from Connecticut, that
the barbarities spoken of in the resolution now
before the Senate were practiced some time ago,
that we have no evidence that they are now be-
ing repeated, I submit as a clear proposition of
national law that whatever may be the extent of
the right to retaliate in order to prevent continu-
ing outrages, it does not apply to a case of ante-
cedent outrages, because so to apply it is to
punish what is past and not for the purpose of
preventing the recurrence of the samo things in
the future. It is (if the honorable member will
permit me so to say) revenge and not retaliation.
Conceding for argument's sake, and I make the
concession only for that purpose, that there ex-
ists a right under the laws of nations to starve the
prisoners who are in our hands, to torture them
short of starvation, to subject them to the inclem-
ency of the weather and to kill them by force of
the elements, or to use as against them every pos-
sible mode of human torture to which the ingenu-
ity of man may resort, assuming that such power
exists under the laws of nations, I think 1 am safe
in saying that that power has never been exerted
for the purpose merely of punishing prior out-
rages of the same description.
in a case of that kind the law assumes that i
the belligerent who has been guilty of such out-
rages has waked up to a sense of duty; he has
dropped his character of savage and barbarian,
and he has reassumed that of a Christian or of
civilized men; he has since that, so far from pro-
moting the purpose which he had in view by con-
duct of that description furthering the advance of
his own cause, he has pursued a policy more fatal
to him than anything that the enemy could do;
and he must feel, or is supposed to feel, that in
the judgment of the civilized world he stands con-
demned, and that of itself is, in the case in which
the outrages have not been continued, supposed
to be the cause, and a sufficient cause for their
termination.
The honorable member says, and no one who
knows him doubts him, that he is as far from enter-
taining any inhuman feeling, or seeking to accom-
plish any inhuman purpose as any memberof the
Senate or any man to be found anywhere, I cer-
tainly do not doubt it. He thinks, however, that
a sense of duty in the case which he supposes
to exist would compel him to do what is against
his better nature, and to aid in the perpetration
of horrors at which his original nature would
stand shocked; but he would do it from a sense
of duty. Then in order to enable himself, or any
person who may be put to the discharge of a
function of that description to do itat all, he must
be satisfied that it is necessary to do it; and if in
the particular case the outrages of which he com-
plains are now no longer being perpetrated, and
we have no evidence before us that it is the pur-
pose of the enemy to perpetrate them in the fu-
ture, how can it be that he will forget the human-
ity which God has written upon his heart?
Mr. WADE. 1 think, if tlie Senator will read
the resolution that is now before- the body, and
the amendment pending, it will save him the ne-
cessity of making all that argument. There is
nothing in it about punishing or retaliating for
anything that has been done,and if there is noth-
ing of this sort doing now, then there will be no
retaliation. That is all there is about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will speak of that by and
by. What the honorable Senator himself pro-
posed was to commence the work of torture at
once. Whatthe committee proposed was to com-
mence the work of torture at once. The effect of
the amendment which he .suggests is to leave it to
the President to commcnce the work of torture at
once. That is a power I would not give to any
living man.
That 1 am right in the view I take of the ori-
ginal proposition of the honorable member, and
of that of the committee, and of the proposition
which he proposes in the amendment that he sug-
gests, 1 will show the Senate in a moment; but
i assume now that I am right; and the honorable
member's interruption—kind interruption, 1 am
sure—of mc shows that even he could not bring
himself to punish in this way for enormities in
the past, not being repeated, and without any
evidence that it is the purpose of the rebel enemy
to repeat them.
You punish, by your penal laws in a cas® of
murder, by hanging the culprit because he is the
guiity party,and because it is necessary that he
should be hungin order to guard against the repe-
tition of like offenses by others. But if, in point
of fact, it was possible to ascertain—a murder
being once committed—that no murders would
be committed in the future, and that the man
might be permitted to live, the law of nature and
of nature's God would say, and does say,let him
live. If we could read his heartand see that it was
entirely changed, that he never would repeat the
offense,and we could be satisfied, by reading the
hearts of the community, that such an offense
would never be perpetrated by any member of
the community, it would be cruelty in the ex-
treme to take the life of him who had offended,
and repented,under such circumstanccs.
Now, what is the resolution? My friend, say-
ing, no doubt, what he believed he could do un-
der such circumstances in the resolution which
he proposed, felt, and well he might feel, that the
duty which lie was about to impose upon those
to whose custody these prisoners wfcre to be sub-
jected was a duty hard, if not impossible, to per-
form; and he therefore provided that the officer
who declined to carry out the punishment pre-
scribed to the very letter should at once bestricken
from the rolls of the Army.
Mr. WADE. I perceive the Senator is going
u£>on a false hypothesis. I would stand now, if
1 could, for the original resolution, for I believe it
to be exactly right, and I only yield on account
of weak brethren. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. The " weak brethren" will
be able, 1 suppose, to take care of themselves
providing they will agree with the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio that they are " weak brethren."
I do not Ijnow what his idea of weakness is, but
I should think that my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] in relation to this measure, was
anything but a " weak brother." I think he has
gone to the whole extent that any man born a
Christian could go. I have not heard anything
from the honorable member from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] and who, 1 believe, is a member of
the same committee with the member from Ohio,
that induces me to think that in this particular
he can be considered a u weak brother." If they
do not go as far as the farthest, ihey go as faraa
any other man living, except the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio. He is farther than the farthest.
But I have referred to it, Mr. President, for the
pose of showing what the original proposition
was, and how my friend from Ohio, although
satisfied, as he has told us, that he could discharge
that duty, when he came to read his own heart
in the solitude of his own room, and then that
resolution, felt that there was something in the
nature of the duty which he was calling upon an
officer of the United States to discharge so revolt-
ing that he could not be made to discharge it,and
he provided for the failure to discharge it by cloth-
ing the President not only with the power, but
making it his duty to dismiss such an officer at
once from the service.
Having said as much as I propose to say of the
proposition first suggested by my friend from
Ohio, I come to the proposition as reported from
the committee, which is almost precisely the same
in words, and is substantially identical with the
original resolution offered by the member from
Ohio, except that it omits the provision that the
officeHs to be dismissed if he does not perform
his duty, and announces to the President that it
is not the purpose of Congress in passing the res-
olution to make it obligatory upon him; but we
are asked to say to him that it is his duty to re-
sort to this measure. We arc to tell him that a
resort to this measure is absolutely necessary in
order to put an end to the barbarities being prac-
ticed upon our own prisoners; and under some
doubt—I do not stop to inquire whether it was
well founded or not—of the authority of Con-
gress by legislation to interfere with the Presi-
dent at all in relation to such duties as are staled
in this resolution, it concludes with saying thatit
is to be understood merely as advising the Presi-
dent, and not as controlling him. Advising him
to do what? The honorable member from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Brown,] whom 1 do not now see in
his sent, the other day said that it was not the
purpose of the committee to suggest to the Pres-
ident the propriety of proceeding at once to the
execution ofthis duty of retaliation; and he found,
as he supposed, a reason for that construction in
the latter clause of the lesoiution which declares
that the resolution itself is designed to be merely
advisory to the President. That is true; btit
what is the advice? What are we asked to do?
What is every individual Senator asked to do?
To advise the President that in our opinion he
should proceed at once to starve, to torture, to
assassinate, to freeze to death the prisoners who
are in our own hands. The languageof the res-
olution, not the preamble, is:
That in the judgment of Congiess it has become justifi-
able and necessary that the President should, in onler to
prevent the continuance and recurrence of such bai ha titles,
and toinMire lite observance hytlie m&uigcnts of the laws
of civilized war, resort at once to mcasuies of retaliation;
that in our opinion such retaliation ought to be inflicted
upon thf insurgent officers now in our hands, or hereafter
to fall into our hands as prisoners; that such officers ought
to be subjected to like treatment practiced toward our offi-
cers or soldiers in the hands oi the ins=u gents, in respect to
quantity and quality of food, clothing, fuel, medicine, med-
ical attendance, peisonal exposuie.
And every other mode of dealing such as our
prisoners have been treated with in the hands of
the insurgents. The President is advised to do
that at once. My friend from Ohio, to assist his
" weaker bretliten," by the amendment which he
sent up to the Chair the day before yesterday, arid
which is now before us, makes it not a matter of
