1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1210
our private yards, in the language of Chief En-
gineer King, "not being equal to the first of
the great iron-ship-building yards on the river
Thames," many of the largest iron vessels hav-
ing been built for the Government by the Mill-
wall Company, the Thames Company, Napier &
Sons, and the Messrs. Laird Brothers whose
names will not readily be forgotten by the Amer-
ican people; all of their works more extensive
than any out of Great Britain. Chief Engineer
King adds:
"Under existing circumstances, the best of our private
yards could not construct one such vessel as the British
frigate Achilles within three or four years. Several iron
gunboats which wore contracted i'or more than two years
ago are not yet completed, and will not be for some months,"
No wonder that when the dread of the Merri-
mac was ail over the land and the presence of the
Roanoke sadly needed, it took many months to
get her a new crank-shaft—and then in the rough
only—in place of her broken one, our navy-yards
not being able to make it. No wonder that in
1862 the gunboat contractors, who had run their
works night and day, seven days in the week,
came to Congress for relief from their forfeitures
of §200 per day for being beyond their contract
time. No wonder that the Niagara when most
needed was detained fourteen months, and the
Cuyler ten months, for repairs, or that a manu-
facturer of reputation and ability was two years
beyond his stipulated time in setting up the turrets
of the Tonawandaand Miantonomah. No won-
der that so distinguished a citizen as Captain John
Ericsson, last June, had to ask Congress for relief
in his engagements to build the Puritan and Dic-
tator, the last named of which has been errone-
ously called a failure because she too had her
shaft broken. No wonder, sir, that when every
year, almost every month, experience is quicken-
ing our knowledge in this great new art of iron-
ship-building, and plans arechangedof necessity
by the Navy Department, when delays for the
causes I have stated are unavoidable and prices are
constantly enhancing, these contractors should
now knock at our doors for a relief which ought
not to be refused them. The British Admiral
Robinson, speaking of these difficulties, says, " It
is not, therefore, one contractor (for steam ma-
chinery) or one iron-ship-builder j butaZZ who have
failed in their agreements." Secretary Welles,
in his report upon the Albemarle affair, uses
almost precisely the same language.
Let us grant the prayer of these builders for
a proper hearing and determination of their
claims, and then go to work in sober earnest, at
once, to provide a national yard which will prove
a saving of millions in money and years in time
instead of the expense which some gentlemen
here dread so much.
In this view, if not in others, the Naval Com-
mittee of this House, to whom the matter was
referred, were unanimous.
Nor would such action do injustice to these
private ship-builder, who would still have much
of the Government work to do, at perhaps a fairer
chance of just remuneration than now.
in appointing Engineer King to visit the dock-
yards of Europe the Secretary of the Navy de-
clared that the want of such an establishment in
the United States had become a national misfor-
tune, and Mr. King after full investigation con-
curs in the opinion.
We have no proper wharfage or dockage room
for our wooden vessels even; but above all we
need a great constructive iron-ship-yard. The
workshops of Prance and England, and the ma-
terials they hurried forward, conquered Russia.
We want a place to make the largest anchors
and armor-plates, the most powerful engines and
ordnance and ordnance stores; a great foundery
owned by the nation, with basins and water
frontage more extended than ail we now have
combined—one, too, which will need little other
protection than the ships which lie there.
It is perhaps not strictly within the scope of
this argument to define what the requirements for a
yard of this kind should be, and yet it is not entire-
ly foreign to the question, for an unfortunate se-
lection would extend indefinitely the evils I have
mentioned, not to speak of the vast expenditures
it would throw away or the disaster it might
bring upon the country. Nor need 1 say to (his
House whore 1 believe such yard should be lo-
cated, although the gentleman from Connecticut*
[Mr. Brandegee.] who has kindly surrendered
to me a partof his time,expresses his regretthat
the locality urged by him was not the preference
of the Secretary.
Mr. SRANDEGEE. I do not object.
Mr. L.MYERS. Very well. Differing as we
do on that question,I give allcreditto myfriend,
who, waiving his personal feelings against the
Secretary, advocates the resolution before us be-
cause he deems it right. He has awarded the
highest praise to that officer in pronouncing him
an honest man; the best reason, too, for ourcon-
fiding to him the settlement of the claims of these
ship and engine-builders. Next to that praise let
me add that in urging a navy-yard where he be-
lieved the combined advantages weie greatest, he
has been national, not sectional.
Chief Engineer King, after a thorough exam-
ination of the great European dock-yards, de-
clares, as the Secretary has, that we need a yard
for iron ships "in an entirely secure position,
far from the sea, in fresh water, and within easy
reach of iron and coal." Such a j>lace—League
Island—was offered by Philadelphia to the Gov-
ernment,a free gift, combining all the requisites
to a degree presented by no other locality; the
skilled labor of the largest manufacturing city in
the Union on the spot; iron, conl, timber, in un-
rivaled quantities; fresh water, and that distance
from the sea which makes defense easy. Chat-
ham even had no such advantages, nor perhaps
any other place in the world. Yet the proffer is
still unaccepted, the resources of the country
in this respect rendered nugatory, and we con-
tinue to be thrown almost exclusively on the con-
tract system because a rival locality brought
shadows against us u to flight" the Ilouse44 fiom
its propriety."
I should rejoice if through the advantages lav-
ished on my native State hy a kind Providence
the city of Philadelphia could be the chosen spot
for such an establishment.
There is no time I fearforfurther action on the
subject this session. But I trust the next Con-
gress will determine upon a location wherever in
their judgment is best, and proceed in this great
work as a national necessity. Meantime, and at
all times, let us be just. No stronger claim has
been presented to us than the one under discus-
sion, and I hope the joint resolution will pass.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot,
of course, at this the hour of midnight, and after
making a speech myself, urge the passage of so
important a measure as this by any parliamentary
tactics that would prevent discussion. I am will-
ing therefore to consent to any arrangement that
may be proposed that will let tins subjectgoover
and come np to-morrow as the unfinished business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We camict
make any arrangement about the matter.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Well,! give way to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Rollins.]
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 46, noes 43.
So the House (at ten minutes after twelve
o'clock, a. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wedncsday, March 1, 18G5.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D.D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 25th of February last, copies of
all the orders, permits, licenses, and cone*pond-
enco in the possession of that Department con-
nected with the subject of ti^de in the southern
superintendency; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
! of the 3d of February, 1865, itiibimauon in rela-
j tion to the prmtm^of the argument')! the judges
t advocate on the trial of Franklin YV. Smith, and
in relation to the employment of agents or detect-
ives by the Navy Department; which, on motion
of Mr. Grimes, was ordered to he on the table
and be printed.
Mr. HALE subsequently said: I move to re-
consider the vote by which the answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate making certain inquiries of
the Secretary of the Navy was ordered to be
printed. My reason for so doing is that the pa-
pers ordered to be printed, instead of being an
answer to the inquiries of the resolution, consist
mainly of an inflated autobiography of the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy, and mainly intended
as an argument for making him a rear admiral.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion tore-
consider will be entered.
REPORT 01? SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate theannual report of the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution, showing the op-
erations, expenditures, and condition of that
Institution for the year 18G4; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion m connection with that report. It is the
usual annual resolution on the subject, and has
received the assent of the Committee on Print-
ing, and "need not, therefore, be referred to that
committee:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
leport of the Simths-otftan In^tuuiion lot 3884 be punted ;
throe thousand for the us-o ol the Senate ami two thou-
sand lor the u-o of fbe Smithsonian in^tmmon : Provided,
Thar the aggn'sate ntuuhei of page* contained in haul re-
poit ;-h< il not exceed torn handled and fifty, without wood-
cuts oi plate*, except tho -<; fuuii>hod by the institution,
and that the lepoit he stereotyped.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of the
American Medical Association, praying for an
increase of the rank and pay of surgeons in the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That Captain John R. Montgomery, United
States Navy, have leave to withdiaw his petition and
papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (S. It.
No. 110) creating a committee on damages, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr, DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis«
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a joint
resolution (S. R. No- 1*27) authorizing that the
time for revision of the laws of the District of
i Columbia be extended for and dunngthe Thirty-
Ninth Congress, reported it without amendment.
Mr. POWELL, from the Comniittee on Punt-
ing, to whom was refeired a joint resolution (S.
l>:No. G3) h pealing the joint resolution of Con-
giess providing for the distribution of certain
public books and documents, asked to be dis-
charged from its furlherconsideration, the Senate
having already passed a resolution on the sub-
ject; whi^h was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, lo whom was referred a joint res-
olution (S. R.No. 12'i) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to invest its funds
in Government securities, reported it without
amendment, and that it be postponed until the first
Monday in December next; which was agrc-ed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 691) to authorize
and aid in the coristi uetion of a railioad connect-
ing the Pacific railroad in California with the Co-
lumbia river tu O'-egon and Pugot sound, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, fiom the Committee on Mil-
itary AiKurs and the Militia, to whom wis re-
ferred a joint resolution (13. R, No. IG0),to Pro"
vide formusieringoutofthe military service cer-
tain non-commissioned ofHceis and privates who
enlisted to till old regiments, repotted it without
amendment and adversely.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committeeon In-
dian AU'airs, who wei c uuihmiz* d by a resolution
ji of the Senate of the 2d ol July, 1864, duiiug the
l| recess to inquue into the policy of providing by a
