1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
feneral law for relieving the public domain of the
foiled States of the possessory title thereto of the
several Indian tribes, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that five thousand
additional copies of the report be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
SUBSTITUTES FOR COTTON.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a letter of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture addressed to him, trans-
mitting the report of the commission appointed
under an act of Congress approved February 25,
1863," for investigations to test the practicability
of cultivating and preparing flax or hemp as a
substitute for cotton;" which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
five thousand copiesol the report of the commissioners ap-
pointed under an act of Confess appioved Fubiuaiy 25,
1863," for investigations to test the practicability of culti-
vating and preparing flax or hemp as a substitute for cot-
ton and that ten thousand copies be printed for the De-
paitment of Agriculture.
ARMY REGISTER,
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the action of the House upon the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. It. No. 169) to provide for the publication of
a full Army Register, to make a report upon the
subject. The House of Representatives have con-
curred in four amendments made to the resolu-
tion by the Senate, and disagreed to the fifth. The
Committee on Military Affairs recommend that
the Senate recede from that amendment, and I ask
action upon it at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will put the question. It is
moved that the Senate recede from its fifth amend-
ment to this joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
STAFF OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mktoe on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was icferred the bill (S. No. 476) to pro-
vide for n chief of staff to the Lieutenant General
commanding the armies of the United States, to
report it back without amendment, and 1 will ask
for ius consideration at this time. I think it will
lead to no debate. If it does, I will let it go over.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which provides that the President of the Uni-
ted States may, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint a chief of staff to the
Lieutenant General commanding the armies of the
United States, who shall have the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a brigadier general in the United
States Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENCOURAGEMENT OP IMMIGRATION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask ihe unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider Senate bill No.
403. It is important that itshould be considered
now. it is a bill amending the immigiation act,
reported from the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that the bill which the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. Sherman] introduced?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 feel it my duty to ask
for the consideration of the annual bill providing
for the establishment of poatroads. I endeavored
to get it considered yesterday morning, but could
not get it attended to, because the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] desired to put a
railroad bill upon it. I desire to move the sus-
pension of all prior orders in order to take up that
bill, and if the Senate reject it I shall be enabled
to show by the record that I have done my duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the bill indicated by him at the
present tio.e.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I move, if it is
in order, to postpone all prior orders with a view
to take up the bill. This is an immigration bill
of a general character which it is important to
pass. I make a motion to postpone ail prior or-
ders and take up that bill. #
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understand from
the chairman of the Committee on Finance that
it is not likely to provoke discussion.
Mr. GRIMES. I can sLate, I think pretty
certainly, that the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrili.] will discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can state to the Senator
that everything that my friend from Maine ob-
jected to in the bill was stricken out by the Com-
mittee on Finance. I understand the Committee
on Agriculture have oaly taken the bill as reported
from the Committee on Finance. Is that the
case ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir, without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas modifies his motion,and instead of ask-
ing unanimous consent, moves that all prior or-
ders be postponed for the purpose of taking up
the bill he has indicated.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let the title of the
bill be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A bill to amend the act entitled il An act to
encourage immigration," approved July 4,1864,
and the act entitled " An act to regulate the car-
nage of passengers in steamships and other ves-
sels, " approved March 3,1855.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand this bill is
to be debated. It is said that the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] desues to debate the bill.
So I understand from the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill as originally in-
troduced was objectionable and would have been
opposed; but I think every thing objectionable in
it has been stricken out.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the vote is taken I
should like to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Finance whether this bill now contains the
provision for legalizing contracts made out of our
country in other countries for labor, or whether it
has been amended in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is nothing of that
kind in the bill. All the provisions relating to
those disputed points were omitted by the Com-
mittee on Finance. The bill now called up by the
Senator from Kansas I am told is a House bill,
and is a copy of the bill reported fiom the Commit-
tee on Finance. If that is so, 1 do not think there
is a single thing in it to which any Senator will
object. I All the disputed items about contracts
for labof are stricken out. j
Mr. CONNESS. Are you sure of that?
Mr. SH ERM AN. 1 cannot be sure of it with-
out having the bill read.
Mr. CONNESS. ' It is a very long bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up the bill named. /
The motion was not agreed to; there being, qn
a division—ayes five, noes not counted.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up House bill No. 7G3, a bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
toad, which contains a few short amendments to
the Pacific raihoad act, to enable the companies
to progress with their work. It is essential that
it should be acted upon now.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that bill will be taken
up. it will take buta moment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to offer some amend-
ments to that bill before it is acted upon; but I
am not prepared to do so now. I hope, therefore,
it will not be taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the case, I
hope Senators will allow me to call up some biil.s
to which there are no amendments to be offered.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator who
threatens this bill with amendments was in the
committee now nearly a week sirvce, February 24,
when it was reported. We are approaching the
termination of the session lapidly. I think it was
due to that bill, and those who have it in clmige,
and those who.se interests are comprehended by
it, that he should have had his amendments pre-
pared; and I should like to know how long it will
take him, or whether this bill is to be defeated by
waiting for the Senator to prepare his amend-
ments.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 shall, of course, occupy the
first time I can appropriate which is notdemanded
for other business that I think equally important.
I will prepare them as soon as I can.
Mi. CONNESS. I ask for a vote on the motion
to take up the bill. It is true that there is not a
single act that 1 have undertaken to press upon
the attention of this body duiing this session con-
nected with California affairs that has not been
obstructed by the honorable Senator with all the
power and influence he has in this body; and if
our legislation is entirely barred by his action it
will be rather a hard proceeding to us.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the reflection made
by the Senator is unjustifiable, unless, in his
opinion, the Pacific railroad lies entirely within
the State of California. I had supposed that that
great work was intended to commence near the
States bordering on the Mississippi valley, and to
proceed some thousand miles or more before it
would reach his State; and as one line of the road,
or a branch road, terminates opposite the State I
have the honor in part to represent, I feel, I think,
if I can be intrusted to hold my own opinions,
as deep an interest in the success of the work as
the Senator from California probably can.
As to my having unwarrantably obstructed the
passage of any bill in which the State of Califor-
nia was particularly interested, I think the Sena-
tor will be unable to adduce the slightest proof.
When bills have been referred to the committee
of which I have been a member, I have given
them the attention they deserved, and have at-
tempted to consider them carefully and candidly,
and have acted in pursuance ofmy own judgment
as to their merits. It is true I have not always
accorded in opinion with the Senator from Cali-
fornia. That maybe my misfortune, but it surely
has not been my fault.
Mr. BROWN. The Congress of the United
States has been very liberal m its dealings with
these companies, and has shown a very great
desire to enable them to progress with their woik
and complete it as speedily as possible. The
desire at the present time is to take up a bill mak-
ing a trifling amendment, which will enable the
companies that are depending upon the use of the
bonds which are authorized to be issued by them
for raising money to negotiate those bonds abroad
more favorably than they can now do. If this
bill is taken up and acted upon it will facilitate
them perhaps one year in the construction of the
woik, or in the realization of their mines. I do
not think it will take more than one or two mo-
ments to pass it, unless the Senator from Iowa has
amendments to offer of a more serious character
than any I am aware of. I trust the Senator from
California will be gratified in his desire to take up
the measure. It not only affects the road in Cali-
fornia, but it likewise affects the eastern branches
of that road.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the Senate will take up
this morning the regular order of business, the
bills which interest the country everywhere.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that motion is not now in order. It will be in
order when the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to make a re-
port from the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will then submita motion.
I do not wish to waste this precious hour. I
move to postpone the pending business with a
view to take up the bill to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on postponing all prior orders arid taking up
the bill indicated by the Senator from California.
Mr, CONNESS. I think the honorable chair-
man ought not now to' antagonize this particular
measure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not antagonize any
particular measure.
Mr. CONNESS. It is equivalent to that;
because if gentlemen are forced to vote upon
