1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
Wrong, if I was wrong. I certainly would not
support this resolution ifl believed with the Sen-
ator from Maryland that the effect of it would be
to muster out of "bur service the God of justice.
L am very giateful for the favor He has shown
us so far during this controversy, and! certainly
do not wish to disband Him. But I do not believe
it. I think the mistake that arises, both in our
own contemplation of the subject and in what is
supposed to be His contemplation of it, arises
from the fact that we do not rightly consider what
the evil is which we wish to relieve.
This resolution has been debated from the be-
ginning on the part of those who have opposed
it as if it were a bill for starving human beings.
Now, I do not so regard it. F look upon itas
a bill to prevent the starving of human beings*,
and the two questions to be considered, therefore,
are, first, whether starving human beings is right?
and second, whether this measure is calculated
to put an end to it? I believe there is a very gen-
eral agreement on the part of the Senators who
have engaged in this debate that starvation is
not quite a proper thing. It is almost the only
subject on which I have ever known the Senate
to be unanimous, and I think 1 need not spend
any time to elucidate that point.
Will this measure proposed here have a tendency
to putan end to it? Ifit will, it is no use to call it
barbarous, for it is not. If it will put an end to
starvation, it is no use to call it cruel, for it is not. If
it will put an end to starvation, it is no use to charac-
terize itas inhuman, for it is not inhuman ;K is the
very height of humanity. What is the evil before
which we are placed, and which we must eradi-
cate? It is not that our soldiers have been ex-
posed; it is not that they have been starved; it
is not that they have been assassinated. That is
evil enough, God knows; but that is an evil which
we cannot redress; it is an evil which I am pro-
foundly grateful to know that He can redress,
and I am piofoundly happy to believe that in His
own good time He will redress it; and I agree
with the Senator from Maryland that to that re-
dress we should leave these enmos. Cut this is
the evil with which we have to do: that to-day—
not yesterday nor last year, but to-day—men who
have fought and bled for this Union and its flag
are exposed to suns and to rains, to heats and to
frosts, without shelter; that to-day they are with-
out clothing arid without food; that to-day they
are fed with food which poisons and which does
not nourish. This is the evil with which we
have to do; and how will you deal with it? That
is the question which the Senate is to determine.
The propositions are various. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] proposes to
pass a resolution, a joint resolution of the two
Houses of Congress, calling it naughty—u bar-
barous," I think, is his language—and to stop
thcie. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] proposes negotiation with the men who
perpetrate these enormities. The resolution be-
fore us proposes a different remedy. Itproposes
to say to the authors of these iniquities, to those
who continue them to-day, "Put our exposed
soldiers under cover, or the men who have fought
your battles shall be turned out to the stoim."
It proposes to say to them, " Give our starving
men food and drink, or we will take from the lips
of the men who have fought your battles food
and drink; do what humanity demands at your
hands, or we will do to yours what will compel
you to be human.'' This is all there is of it.
There is not a word that is retrospective. There
is not an idea that is punitive. It lets the past
alone; it deals only with the future.
Now, sir, what is the objection to saying this?
The Senator from Maryland who has just taken
his seat has argued thatitisinhuman to say these
things, to propose these measures; and why? Be-
cause the enormities practiced upon our soldiery
are so great, the cruelties are so monstrous, that
it would shock ourselves, it would shock civili-
zation, for us to assume to retaliate. He paints
the horrors which all admit are every day wit-
nessed in these pens and open fields where our
soldiers are confined. He holds them up to shock
us. He anticipates our Government practicing
like enormities toward prisoners in our hands, and
he demands to know what the world would say of
such conduct in us; nay, he asks what would
any man say who held the powers of the world.
Weil, Mr. President, I should like to know. The
Senator did not himself tell us what the world
would say, nor what a man would say under such
circumstances. I wish he were here now to tell
us himself.
But what is the fact ? If this resolution be
passed, we do not mete out rations to these pris-
oners. Why? Because our prisoners in their
hands are starving. We say to them, "Giveour
prisoners meat and give them bread, and here is
meat and here is bread for your men \ we do not
mete out these rations because our men in your
hands are not fed." What will the world say?
Will the civilized world tell us under those cir-
cumstances, " No matter what the rebels do, feed
the men in your hands; no matter that your men
are dying daily of starvation, deliver your rations
regularly to the prisoners in your hands?" Will
the civilized woild say that to us?
First, I do not believe it, and secondly, if they
did say it, it is a proposition upon which I would
light the civilized world as quick as any propo-
sition I ever heard stated. Tell us to turn indif-
ferently from the fact that starvation and death
from every form of exposure is the daily event
among our men—command us to that measure of
indifference ! No, sir, 1 could not be commanded
that far, and I rescue civilization from the suspi-
cion that such would be its decision. They would
say to these brutes, as they were forcibly called
by the Senator from Maryland, these brutes in
human form, "Cease to be brutes, which your
form does not permit, and begin to be men, which
your form demands at your hands; stop these
cruelties which have been your practice for years;
feed the men in your hands, and then the men
you care for will be fed; be human yourself, and
inhumanity ceases." That I think would be the
decree of the civilized world, and I am sure that
any human being who held m himself the powers
of the world would pronouwe such a judgment.
I did not mean to occupy any time in elabora-
ting this matter, and I shall not now. It seemt*
to me plain and simple. It is urged, not as an
inhuman measure, but it is urged in the name of
humanity.
One other remedy is suggested for this evil,
and that is that exchanges should be made of the
prisoners in our hands for the prisoners in the
hands of the enemy. Unquestionably, Mr. Pres-
ident, exchanges should be made as fast as they
can be made; but exchanges cannot he made
without the consent of the enemy, and when the
enemy consents, exchanges cannot be made in a
moment; and if to-day all the prisoners who now
languish in dens were returned to us, while the
war lasts the enemy is liable to take prisoners.
Throughout this debate those who have insisted
upon the necessity of making exchanges have
held up the present Administration as the cause
why exchanges have not been made. I do not
hold them guilty of that, Mr. President, and it
was more for the purpose of calling the attention
of the Senate to a few facts in reference to the
question of exchanges that I consented to speak
at ail on this occasion.
It is now assumed, not merely that the Ad-
ministration is the party which refuses to make
exchanges, but that if refuses to make exchanges
for no other reason than that the rebel authorities
will not consent to the surrender of the colored
soldiers in their hands. In answer to that, 1 say
that up to the 27th of December, 18G3, exchanges
were being made with considerable regulauty;
that on that day the agent of exchanges, as I be-
lieve he is styled, on the part of the confederate
States addressed this letter to Major John E.
Mulford, the assistant a^ent of exchange on the
part of the United States:
Confederate Statfs of America,
War Department, Richmond, Virginia,
Dcccmber 27, i863.
Sir: I have received your letter announcing your ar-
rival with confederate prisoners. I have thi> day for-
warded to you an equal or greater numhei of Fedeiul pris-
oners. , . . -
I received with your letter several communications from
Major General iiuticr. In no one of tlx-m i-> it stated that
the United State* Government is willing to resume the
cartel and deliver all of our prisoner* now m captivity,the
excess «u either *ule to be on parole, I have moio than
once expressed the enure willingness of the confederate
government to deliver the Federal prisoners now in our
hands, provided the United States authorities will deliver
the confederate prisonersm their hand'? Tins is the pro-
vision of the cartel, and we can accept tiotlnni* less. Un-
less this is the distinct understanding, no equivalent win
be deliveied to you for any confederate officers and sol-
diers whom you may hereafter bring to City Point. In the
hope that such is the understanding, I have directed that a
number greater than the total of your delivery shaii be sent
to you. ** ********
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
ROBERT OULD# i
Agent of Exchange,
Major John E, Mulford, Assistant Agent of Exchange*
Upon the authority of this letter, then, I say
that there was no difficulty with the rebel author-
ities about the exchange of colored soldiers; they
were willing to deliver all the prisoners they had
in their hands, if we would deliver all we had,in
our hands. The simple difficulty was that our Gov-
ernment, believing that the rebel authorities had
violated most grossly the paroles taken of the pris-
oners captured at Vicksburg, refused any longer
to take the paroles of prisoners. It was upon that
point that the authorities divided, and it was for
that reason thatexchanges stopped. " Unless you
will deliver them all," said the rebel agent, " all
in your hands, it will be useless for you to send
more to City Point, for no equivalent will be re-
turned for them."
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend allow
me a moment to give him information?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. In my remarks yesterday I as-
sumed that our authorities had had opportunities
to exchange white prisoners for white prisoners,
and that they had refused to do so because the rebel
authorities declined to exchange negro prisoners
and their officers. I will now read some author-
ity on that point. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, I suppose, holds in his hands the same
document fiom which I am about to lead, Sen-
ate Executive Document No. 17, Thirty-Eighth
Congress, first session, being the correspondence
between the authorities of the two Governments
in relation to the matter of exchange. 1 find in
this document an extract from a message of Pres-
ident Davis furnished by our own authorities in.
these terms:
"So far as regards the action of this government on such
criminals as may attempt in execution, 1 confine myself
t<> niloimmg you that 1 shall, unless in your wj- dom you
deem some orliei course moie expedient, deliver to the sev-
eral State authoimes nil ('oinnibsnmed officers ot the Uni-
ted .State.-* that may heieatu i be captured by om forces in
any ol the States embraced m the proclamation that they
may be dealt with in accordance with the laws of those
States piovidiug I'oi the punishment of criminals engaged
in exciting  eivilo in^uuoetion."
That has refuienoc to ufficei s who were endeav-
oring to recruit in the rebel States, and to induce
the slaves to abandon their homes and to join the
Ameucan Army. lie adds this other sentence:
" The enlisted boldtcrs I «haH continue to ticat as unwill-
ing in-uuuieriN m the eomnn-sion of these curries, and
shall direct their discharge and letuin to then homes on the
pioperand usual pajoie."
That communication of President Davis is dated
January 15, 1863. I will next read an extract
from a letter of Robeit Ould, the agent of ex-
change for the rebel authorities, to Colonel Wil-
liam II. Ludlow, the agent on the part of our
Government, dated War Department, Richmond,
Virginia, JuJy 26, 1S63:
" Tf, at tins time, you have any officer* nf the rank I have
declaied exchanged, or of any other rank, or if you have
ai:> paitieularoi unitization of privates or non-commissioned
officer* whom you wis-h exchang( d, juu have only to state
such fact and yout selection will be approved."
Colonel Ludlow was superseded and General
Meredith took his place, and here is a very short
letter from General Meredith to General Hitch-
cock on the subject of exchanges:
Office of Commission for Exchange,
Fortress Monroe, Virginia, August 7, 1863.
General: I have the honor to inform you that by to-
day's bont I have received a mo^t earnest and pressing re-
quest. fiom Mr. Ould to grant him a meeting as curly as
possible. J have not yet sought an interview with him, for
the reason that Colonel Ludlow has been quite reticent in
repaid to matters connected with his hue buMiiess ; nor did
T wish to see Mi. Ould until I had some specific instruc-
tions it om the War Department.
From what J can gather m Colonel Lud low's letter-booka,
1 suppose the following are points to be insisted upon:
1, The immediate exchange of Colonel Straight and his
command.
"2. An agreement that Dr. Green shall be held by the
United States Government as a hostage for Dr. Rucker,
other singeons to be exchanged.
3. That all ofliceis commanding negro troops, and negro
tioups themselves, shall he treated a  oilier prisoners of
war, and exchanged in the same way.
I leel constrained, however, for reasons stated above, to
ask fortuil instructions as soon as possible. You may rest
assured that X thai! enter into no unauthorized agreement
