1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
it, under the pressure that the Senator makes, of
course the vote will be adverse to this bill. I
notify Senators that the propositions contained in
the bill that wo desire to have taken up are very-
simple, and ye tare of the most vital importance,
perhaps not to the railroad interest represented
by the honorable Senator from Iowa, but I know
they are of the first consequence to us." Mr.
President, we are endeavoring to make the Pacific
railroad over the greatest natural barriers on our
continent. Shall we not have a chance to do that?
I hope we will takea vote on this Disposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 31; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 763) to amend an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to«secure to the Government
the use of the same forpostal,military, and other
purposes," approved July 1,1862, and to amend
an act amendatory thereof, approved July 2,1864.
The bill proposes to amend section ten of the
act of July 2, 1864, so as to allow the Central
Pacific Railroad Company and the Western Pacific
Railroad Company of California to issue their six
per cent, thirty-year bonds—interest payable in
any lawful money of the United States—upon their
separate roads; and the companies are author-
ized to issue, respectively, their bonds to the ex-
tent of one hundred miles in advance of a con-
tinuous completed line from Sacramento.
The second section proposes to ratify and con-
firm the assignment made by the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of California to the Western
Pacific Railroad Company of that State of the
right to construct all that portion of the railroad
and telegraph from the city of San Jose to the city
of Sacramento, with all the privileges and bene-
fits of the several acts of Congress relating thereto,
and subject to all the conditions thereof; but the
time within which the Western Pacific Railroad
Company are to be required to construct the first
twenty miles of their road is to be one year from
the 1st of July, 1865, and the entire road is to be
completed from San Jose to Sacramento, con-
necting at the latter point with the Central Pacific
railroad, within four years thereafter.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad reported
the bill, with an amendment in section one, line
six, after the word " California" to insert " the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, and all other
companies provided for in the said act of July 2,
1864;" so that it will read:
That seonon ten of said act of July 9, 1864, bo so modi-
fied and amended a.- to allow the Central Pacific Raihoad
Company and the Western Pacific Railroad Company, of
California, the Union Pacific Xiaihoad Company, and all
other companies provided loi in the said act ot July 2,1864,
to issue theii six per cent, thirty-year bonds, £cc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HO WARD. There is another amendment
which ought to be made, which is rather verbal
in its nature. It is on page 2, line fourteen, at
the end of the first section, to strikeout the words
"front Sacramento"and to insert the words iS of
construction," so that it will read:
And the ?aid companies are hereby authorized to iesue,
respectively, their bonds to the extent ot one hundred
miles in advance of a continuous completed line ot con-
struction.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIARLAN. 1 move to amend the bill by
striking out the second section.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 do not know what the ob-
ject of the honorable Senator can be in making
this motion. The section provides that Congress
shall ratify an assignment legally made since the
last session of Congress by the Central Pacific
Railroad Company to the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company for the construction of a part of
this road. The act of last year fully justifies the
assignment rna.de, and the parties are entitled to
all the legal privileges *nd benefits that the law
confers upon the original parties. The only ob-
ject of seeking this confirmation of the assignment
is this: the comp my are now engaged in construct-
ing twenty-five miles of their road as required by-
law.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask my colleague
to allow me one moment on a question pertinent
to the matter upon which he is now speaking.
Mr. CONJNESS. I prefer to go on with my
explanation to the Senate, because I do not wish
to consume time. I hope we shall come to a vote
without discussion, and i am making an expla-
nation to the Senate and not a discussion. It is
clear we cannot get action on this kind of meas-
ures at this period of the session unless we do it
by economizing time.
The object of seeking this confirmation of as-
signment while these .parties are building their
road is to enable them to negotiate better with
capitalists to obtain the money necessary to go
forward with the work. If application be made
now, they will have to furnish, through an attor-
ney, a legal exposition of roeir rights. If Con-
gress ratifies it, there is no such legal exposition
necessary prima facie. It improves their credit in
the market. There is no responsibility added to
the Government, not the weight of a hair.
Mr. HARLAN. This provision was consid-
ered maturely at the last session of Congressand
deliberately rejected by the committee of confer-
ence, and 1 think by the Pacific Railroad Commit-
tee of the Senate. It was in one or the other
bill—however I think in the bill passed by the
House—and was fully considered in a committee
of conference of the two bodies, and stricken out.
JVk*. CONNESS. I know the Senator does not
intend to make any misstatement, but he is not
stating the fact correctly, if he will pardon me.
Has he any objection to my stating to the Senate
what the facts were in that regard ?
Mr. HARLAN. None whatever.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the facts are
not as the Senator states them. The fact was
that there was an old assignment made by the
Central Pacific Railroad Company to the West-
ern Railroad Company , and the bill which passed
the House last year, if adopted by the Senate,
would have confirmed that assignment and ex-
tended the benefits of the Pacific railroad act to
the railroad known as the San Francisco and San
Jose railroad, fifty miles of road, I wish Senators
to understand, finished and constructed and run-
ning, and profitably so. i believed, with others,
that the policy of Congress was not to make a
gift to roads already constructed, but to make
grants to induce the construction of roads; and
therefore, among others, I objected to that con-
firmation; but this bill does not contain it at all.
The assignment that we propose to confirm here
is a totally different one. It is in all respects legal,
and authorized by thePacificrailroad act. Itdoes
not extend the bonuses of the Pacific Railroad
Company to one foot of the road lying between
San Francisco and San Jose, as the assignment
spoken of last year did; and therefore it is not
obnoxious to the objection of the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not occupy time. I
think I did not misstate the facts that I was at-
tempting to state. The committee of conference
of the two bodies took this view of the subject:
that in the charter, in the original act and in the
amendatory act, the Government held the com-
pany that acquired the franchise of the Govern-
ment to construct the road in pursuance of its
provisions in order to receive the subsidy in bonds
and in lands; that it was a matter totally unim-
portant to this Government what agency the com-
pany acquiring the franchise should employ in
the construction of the work; that if they chose
to employ some other corporate body to construct
the line of road, or any portion of it, and if it was
completed in accordance with the provisions of
the law, it was a matter totally immaterial to this
Government. They mightemploy a corporation;
they might employ an individual, a corporate ag-
gregate or sole; and if the work was done in pur-
suance of the charter they would be entitled to
the bonds and lands as piovided in the law; and
hence it was not a question that properly should
be submitted to Congress whether they had le-
gally under the laws of California made an assign-
ment of a franchise to another company or not.
if they have the right under the law, and have
made the assignment in pursuance of law, and
the assignee shall construct the work in accord-
ance witli the provisions of the law, then no par-
ties will be damaged; but this Senate and Con-
gress cannot know what the character of that
contract is.
This question was examined when I was pres-
ent, by the PacificRailroad Committeeof the Sen-
ate. 1 think it has been examined by no mem-
ber of that committee. They took the statements
of the Senator from California as true; and I
would not call in question his veracity. He
doubtless believes they are true; and if true, the
passage of this part of the bill is totally unim-
portant to him; it will not facilitate the work in
the least. But if this assignment is not in con-
formity to lav/, and has not been made to respon-
sible persons, a ratification of that assignment by
Congress will shift the responsibility from the
company that has acquired the franchise from the
Government, will release them from all respon-
sibility, and thus endanger, as I believe, the final
success of the work.
The Senator himself says that it will effect no
good unless it may be to increase the credit of the
assignees in the market. Their credit must be
good enough if the people of whom they borrow
know them to be valid. This Government gave
the franchise to a company, the character of which
they are supposed to examine, and with which
they are supposed to be satisfied; and there I am
disposed to let the matter rest. If they have the
right under the law, as I am disposed to believe
they have, to make the assignment, it will stand;
it will be binding on the parties; the contract be-
tween the Government and the original company
will still be valid; and they can offer the bonds
and the land under the law if this part of the
bill should not be passed. The organ of the Sen-
ate and of the House heretofore, after having
carefully examined the whole subject, reported
against it, and that report having been ratified by
the Senate and House, it seems to me it is not
right to spring the question on the Senate at this
period; and when a Senator rises m his seat and
says he wants to examine the hill with a view to
piesent amendments, to cut off the opportunity
of doing so and compel a vote on the question
that Congress has deliberately decided against,
I think is unprecedented in legislation, and im-
proper.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the Senator from
Iowa is somewhat wrong. My colleague and
myself differed during the last Congress on this
subject, and tha Senator from Iowa and myself
agreed. We agreed in this, that the original bill
contemplated building a road to the city of San
Francisco as the terminus in the West. He
thought, as I thought, that the original bill,
p'assed in the first instance—he having taken a
large interest in it, and being a member of the
committee—covered the whole line of road from
here to San Francisco. The fifty miles of road
to which my colleague refers was built upon the
faith of that legislation as much as any one line
of road in Kansas or California; but the right of
the parties building that fifty miles arid complet-
ing it and running it, which was first done as part
of the Pacific railroad, to the privileges of our
legislation was denied, and is ignored now. It
was ignored at^the last session. My colleague
opposed the proposition. I insisted that the bene-
fits of the law should be extended to San Fran-
cisco. I suppose that now they have no chance
of the benefit of this law, although they built the
first fifty miles of the Pacific railroad. But the
road involved here has not been constructed,and
it has to go through mountain passes. If there
is a doubt about the right of these persons to en-
joy the benefits of the law, as a doubt has be^n
made about the right of the persons who built the
first fifty miles to obtain money from the Gov-
ernment or to obtain its support, it will be almost
impossible to build the road. The support of the
Governmentin building the line from San Jose
to Sactamento is as essential as it is in going
across the Rocky mountains; for we have to cross
the Coast range, a heavy mountain barrier. I
think the Senator from Iowa is mistaken about
this matter. It charges the Government with
nothing, and he admits it charges the Govern-
ment with nothing, but is only giving character
to an operation that is sanctioned, and which he
admits is no damage to the Government.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to say that
in all essential particulars the statements made
by my friend from Iowa are not correct. The
assignment of which he speaks, which was not
approved, is not before the Senate. An assign-
ment made under the recexu act is before the Sen-
ate. it is not correct that no member of the com-
mittee has examined tins assignment. I have
examined every paper connected with the assign-
