1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ment, and there is nobody released by the adop-
tion of this ratification. The Central Pacific j
Railroad Company are held bound by it. The |
Western Pacificllailioad Company are held bound
by the teims of the assignment, and to all the re-
sponsibilities of the Pacific railroad act.
The Senator speaks, or hints, at irresponsible
parties engaged m constructing this work. Mr.
President, if theic are responsible parties engaged
anywhere in the construction of the great Pacific
railroad it is those who are engaged in it in Cal-
ifornia. Many miles of that load are now in
successful operation. Many more miles, passing
through a country pi eventing the greatest natural
difficulties in the world, are in process of con-
struction. These men have put their own cap-
ital in it. They have not up to this time drawn
a cent of money from the United States in the
shape of bonds; and yet they have boon operating
for neatly nine months past a line of thnty-ono
miles of that road, finished and completed. There
are twenty additional miles in process of com-
pletion. They desire now to put men on it over
the entire Sierra Nevada mountains. In the
mean time they provide that the Western Pacific
Company shall ( ngage in constructing the lower
link of the road; and in order that the parties that
they borrow money of, or seek to negotiate with,
may be precluded the necessity of a legal inves-
tigation to ascertain whether this assignment is
good or not we ask this ratification, i a.sk for a
vote of the Senate on the subject. I am perfectly
willing to trust ihe Semite with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator fiom
Iowa, to strike out the sccond section of the bill.
Mr.HARLAN and Mr. CONNESS called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ouleied.
Mr. II END RICKS. i should like to have the
section proposed to be stricken out read.
The Secietary lead it, as follows:
Hkc. '2. Jlnd be it further cn<u-lc<L 'I'll,it tho
made by the Central Pari lie li.ulro.u) ('onipanv < ; < *«• iifoi -
in a to tin' \V0f>tei ii L'aeifn lUiiio :il ('  Mp:u!\ oi' Stare,
ul'ihu to eoiiMUh'l all Hut |#>>jI'■    ui >,ml i.ulioad
ami Irom lh" eity ol'S.m .!.> i ■ > ih<- eitv o! .-5ac-
raiiicnto herek iimi'ieil ami conluue u m ilic West-
ern Pacific Uai!h)„i| Comp.uiy, y\ nil ..ii'lIi-- .lad
buicitrs «>i tht- r-- v< i il ,u r> oi Comju-s reJ.unm ihcicio,
and ;.nt>jeet Jo ail ihe eondnions theieol: PutnJftL Thai
Uie tiiii" wifiini winch the -aid YVeMcm INieife' llaiito.id
Company f-li.iii ! • )c<|unc<i jo coiiMiuef (in* lit -t tueniv
mile.- of theii • i.d load-hai! In-one Yi'iti* Iumu ifjc I I day
oi July, P-and Hsut I'ic eu'ne load hail be eoinpieied
lioin San Jo to Saei aaicnio. coniieetmif aiiin i.iUei point
with i!n- >.u,l („\ anal i'ueiiie ladioad, within loin je.us
thereafter. *
Mr. HOWARD. Tins bill was pretty care-
fnlly considered by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad only a few days since. They gave their
attention to this particul ir scciion which it is now
moved to stiike out. The commntee thought it
proper to retain the section, and i hopeit will not
be stricken out. It imposes no additional burden
upon the United States. The sole effect of it, as
the committee understood it, and which is un-
doubtedly the ease, is a iccoijuition <>>> the part
of the United States of tin1 \ ahdity of Il.e assign-
ment made by the Central Pacific Ruhoad Com-
pany to the Western Pa-ilic Railroad Company
of that State within the last year, and since the
close of the last session of Confess. The assign-
ment spoken of in the bill is not the assignment
to which the honorableS  natorfrom Iowa alludes,
jts i undcisiund it,ami as I believe to be the fact.
Tiie sole object of this clause is to preclude the
United States hencc forth from making any objc e-
tion to that assignment, which was made duung
the Inst sumtnei, and consequently to increase
somewhat the credit of the company, for (he very
reason that the United Smies waives all objection
for the fuktte to an assignment made by one rail-
road corporation to another. It toiecloses all dis-
pute and litigation as to the validity and legality
of that assignment; and that is all thcie is about it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
ifaulted—yeas 5, nays 29; as follows:
YCAS—Me.«srs, Cowan, Gr:xi)os, Ilailan, licadiick-^. and
Ten L'wk—3. '
IV .\YS—Me^is. Amhonv, I?rown. Cuckalew, C^nness,
Davis. Uj.vtn, Doohtth*. Fanvtll, Foot, Fo-rer, Iful*, tfow-
rud, johnson. Lane oI'Knr^iw, MeDnt,gaII,JJoiff«i j,MoiriU,
A'\ Palletuy , [Mnvii, RailJ^ej } rihcillldu, rf| l£li{Ue, Sfc\v-
air, Simmer, Tiunibu!!. Willcy. Wibou, and Wn-lif—2D.
AUriLXT—(.';uiiio, Chandler, Ckuk, OollanK-r,
ffardnjL'; Harris, Henderson, Uowc. La'ie of Indiana, Nres-
iiittn. itieliaid^on, ibddle, SauUbuiy, Vau Winkle, Wade,
tind Wxi'un^oa—iG.
So the motion who not agreed to,
Mr. BROWN. With the consent of the chair-
man of the committee I move to insert, in line
seven, after the word "company" the words
"the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division," simply for greater certainty in stating
the different companies.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. How will it read then?
Mr.BROWN. <( Union Pacific Ruihoad Com-
panyand Union Pacific Railroad Company,east-
ern division."
Mr. CONNESS. It is simply giving the full
name of the company.
Mr. POMEROY. Jhat is the name now, but
it is not the name known in the old bill. It is
known in that bill as the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Railroad Company.
Mr. BROWN. This will simply give the full
name of the company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
nnd the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engiossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to another important feature of this
bill, changing the character of the law as it now
exists. Under existing laws any one of tliese
companies, after building twenty miles of their
road or roads, may draw the number of bonds
indicated in the law, vaiying from sixteen to foi ty-
eight thousand dollars per mile, and may obtain
title to all the land opposite to and continuous with
the completed sections, and no more. This bill
provides that any one of these companies may
issue and sell its bonds for the construction of
one hundred miles of road in advance of any com-
pleted section. On the more difficult part of this
work such a sale would amount to more than four
million dollais. All the botids that are issued
under the lawas it now exists become a prior lien
on the woik to the Government bonds; that is,
the law subordinates the hen that it has on the
road on account of the bonds that it proposes to
issue to an equal number of bonds to be issued
by any one of thesii companies on a completed
section. This bill authorizes the issuing in some
cases of more than four million dollars in advance
of the completion of any section of the road. 1
do not deem it wise, and therefore shall vote
against the bill.
Tiie principle that controlled the committee of
the Senate at the last session of this body, and
also the joint committee of conference of the two
Houses, was to grant this subsidy m land and
money only as the read progressed, believing that
if any one of these companies had not sufficient
pecuniary responsibility to constructtwenty miles
of its road the Government ought not to be com-
plicated with its credit; that it should indorse the
ciedit of the Government only so far forth as it
showed its capacity to build twenty miles of road
from time to time. This bill throws that matter
all open, and will enable any company to whom
any one of these companies may transfer their
franchise, whether they had any pecuniary re-
sponsibility or not, to go kitingin the market. I
do not think that ought to be passed. I think it
will endanger the rapid constiuction of the work.
I know that the chairman of the committee and
the other members of the committee believe that
it will facilitate the construction of the work; and
that probably would be true if these companies
were all valid companies in a pecunnuy point of
view, and earnestly engaged in the construction
of the work; but I suppose everybody knows that
these railroad companies engage in these works
for the purpose of makmgnioney; and whenever
they believe they can sell their franchise and make
more money than they can by retaining it they
do transfer their rights; and every one of these
companies, if this bill should pass, is authorized
to do so by the bill now pending. It does not
seem to ine to be wise. 1 suppose that some-
thing in legislation oughtto be considered as hav-
ing been settled. The railroad committee of this
Senate and of the other House, and the joint com-
mittee, labored for weary days and weeks in ma-
turing the bill that became a law at the last ses-
sion. They did it with the idea of affording aid
to valid companies that have the capacity to raise
means to build at least twenty miles of the line
of the road for which they asked aid. This bill
proposes to unsettle that and allow them to go
kiting in the market with their bonds, in advance
of having constructed any part of their work.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope theSenator will listen
to my explanation in reply to the objection of the
honorable Senator. For the purpose of casting
reflection upon these companies, for it must be
for that purpose, or it has no purpose, he says
that we are to enable them to go " kiting in the
market." That is the flippant language of the
honorable Senator applied to men engaged, ay,
as earnestly engaged, in the performance and car-
rying out of the greatest work of this age as the
Senator can be in the great work of legislation.
Now, let me make a simple explanation to the
Senate, and I ask the attention of Senators, for
I will not occupy it long. The law as it stands
provides that when each company engaged tn con-
structing the Pacific railroad shall have built and
completed and putin running order twenty miles
of their road, they may then issue a proportionate
amount of their bonds for those twenty miles of
road, and they may, in addition, draw from the
Government its bonds for that twenty miles of
road. Let me show you the operation of it in
crossing the great Sierra Nevada mountains.
Thirty-one miles of the road from Sacramento east-
ward toward those mountains and among their
lower ranges of hills, are already constructed.
They are now engaged in constructing an addi-
tional section of twenty miles. Although they
have invested a vast amount of capital, more than
four million dollars, in the construction of this sec-
tion of the road, they cannot obtain any further
means to go forward beyond that point. Is it
wise to refuse them the privilege of issuing their
bonds so that they may at once let out contracts
for the grading of the entire distance to the line
of the State of Nevada ? Under the law they are
restricted to the construction of twenty miles be-
fore they can issue a dollar of their own bonds.
What is the condition of the State of Nevada?
They are paying $12,000,000 annually for the
produce and machinery hauled upon wheels over
the Sierra Nevada mountains. The amount of
freight that is paid upon that would yield a
profit to the railroad company, if completed, that
would make it one of the most profitable railroads
in the world. Now, shall these companies be de-
barred from the issuance of their bonds so that
they may let out contracts for the whole line of
the road, and thus complete the road over that
great natural barrier at the earliest possible mo-
ment of time; nay, before they are lequired todo
it by this act,for it is their determination to con-
struct it at the earliest moment? Nor does it, as
the honorable Senator says, increase the obliga-
tions of the Government one cent. 1 hope that
we shall get a vote on the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator if this bill applies to any other than that
portion of the country between California and
Nevada.
Mr. CONNESS. It does; and the Senator who
objects V> it aided in obtaining an amendment so
as to make it apply to the other roads.
Mr. GRIMES. It applies to the wholelength
of the road?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to ask the Senator
one question: whether we are to understand that
this is an authority to issue bonds of the com-
pany in addition to those to be issued by the law,
or whether it calls for the issue of Government
bonds.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; their own bonds.
The Government does not issue any until the
road is completed.
Mr. MORRILL. Does it give any rig-lit to
any additional issue of Government bonds in
addition to the law of last session?
Mr. CONNESS. JNotacent. It only author-
izes them to issue their own honds in advance of
the time fixed m the law of lost year.
Mr. MOIIRILL. I understood the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] to say as much as that.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg to assure my friend
from Maine that the rights of the Government are
left precisely the same as under the former act.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to ask what is
the difference between the present and the former
act.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. CONNESS. Nothing
in that respect.
Mr. COWAN. In what respect is d'
