456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 27,
With Ml. Ould, nor shall I discuss with him any point on
Wjiiet) 1 am not fully instructed. I Have the honor also to
forward yuu tile iiiejosecl froin Mr. Oulil, upbli Which I
should like to bear your views before seeing him.
1 am.iteiicral. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. A. MEREDITH,
Brigadier General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Major General E. A. Hitchcock, Washington, D. C.
General. Halleck., on the 13th of August, 1863,
from ,his headquarters in Washington, directed a
le'tter to General jMeredith, in reply to the note
from Which I have just read, in which there is
tHs paragraph, speaking of a demand of the rebel
commissioners: 
"This is certainly a most extraordinary demand, and
C?hhdt!b6 accedeiiHo. in order, however, to'avoid any
difficulty (in tills point. General Meredith will be authorized
ta a^ee with Me. Oyld, tliat ail paroles given by officers
ana men oil either side, between Hie 3d «f May and the 3d
of July, nrii in conformity with the stipulations of the car-
tel,'be Vegarded-as huil'Stiid void, a declaration to thai effect
betas published-lQ the armies of both belligerents.
."'file oilier three points mentioned in General Meredith's
letter of the 7th instant seem to be full} understood by him.
The 6oi/ernment of the United States'will, under no cir-
cumsunctis, yield either of these points."
It was to this third point that General Butler's
letter from which 1 road yesterday referred, and
tfiat point, was " that all officers commanding
negro troops, and negro troops themselves, shall
be treated as other prisoners of war, and ex-
changed in the same way." The rebel authorities
refused to make exchanges upon that proposi-
tion, and General Hallcck, in his letter of instruc-
tions to General Meredith, says, "The other three
point's," including the one I Inst read, " men-
tioned in General Meredith's letter of the 7th in-
stant seem to be fully understood by him. The
Government of the United States will, under no
circumstances, yield either of these points,"and
the point which 1 have just read was the great
ptftiH that prevented the exchange of private sol-
diMs on the part of the United States for private
soldiers held by the rebel authorities.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to print my speech in pamphlet form, and there-
fore there is no great damage done by the amount
that my friend from ICentucky has interjected
into-it. If such had been my purpose, 1 should
certainly expect him to bear some portion of the
cost of printing. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think 1 should have a recip-
rocal claim on the honorableSenator; for 1 never
ma0e a speech that he did not interrupt me re-
peatedly. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that we are
about even. [Laughter.] 1 Bhall certainly be
Yrijlipg to allow any just offset. A single word
will dispose of the information the Senator from
Kentucky has imported to me. All the questions
to which he has referred have been questions
uinder discussion between our authorities and the
rebel authorities. The points referred to in the
letter of General Meredith are points which our
Government have made, and which I am happy
and proud to say they have not yet abandoned,
agd I have faith in them that they will never
abandon them. The factisthatnotwithstanding
there were these difficulties and disputes about
■what ought to be done, between the two author-
ities, they did not interrupt exchanges. Ex-
changes went on; exchanges continued to go on;
exchanges never stopped until December, 1863,
months after all this correspondence took place,
when the rebel agent at Richmond informed our
agent, "It will be useless for you to send any
ttiore prisoners to City Point, unless you accom-
pany them with the explicit declaration that the
exoess of prisoners in your hands you parole."
That was the end of exchanges.
There was another point made on the same day
by the same agent. Having several times re-
ceived letters from Major General Butler and re-
plied to them prior to the 27th day of December,
1863, on that day he seemed to have discovered
that under a proclamation of Jefferson Davis,
Benjamin F. Butler, a major general in the Army
of the United States was an outlaw. Recollect
it was a discovery that he did not make until the
27th of December, 1863. 1 do not wonder at all
that he was so late in discovering it, for I have
not discovered it yet, but he having thought that
he made the discovery on that day he directs a
letter to General Hitchcock and tells him:
" You are doubtless aware that by proclamation of the
president of the confederate States Major General B, F,
Butler is under the law of outlawry."
It is a queer law to be under. It was a queer
origin for a law to spring from, it was queerly
discovered, at a very queer point of time, and an-
nounced by a very queer person.
" Although we do not pretend to prescribe the
agents your Government shall employ in connec-
tion with the cartel" modestly says Mr. Robert
Ould, " yet when one who has been proclaimed
to be so obnoxious as General Butler is selected,
self-respect requires that the confederate authori-
ties should refuse to treat with him or establish
such relations with him as properly pertain to an
agent of exchange. The proclamation of Presi-
dent Davis forbids that General Butler should be
admitted to the protection of the confederate gov-
ernment, and he cannot therefore be received
under a flag of truce."
This letter, as 1 said before, comes from Robert
Ould,dated December 27, 1863, and after hehim-
self had been in correspondence with Major Gen-
eral Butler. He was late in discovering that self-
respect required that he should hold General But-
ler under " the law of outlawry." There, as I say,
was the end of exchanges as I understand the
case. Upon that pointstood the rebel authorities;
and they never intimated a departure to my knowl-
edge to anybody in the world until the 10th of
August, 1864. On the 10th of August, 1864, this
same Mr. Ould directs this letter to Major Mul-
ford:
"Sir: You have several times proposed to me to ex-
change the prisoners respectively held by the two belliger-
ents, officer for officer, and man for man."
Ould says that Major Mulford, acting for our
Government, has several times proposed to ex-
change the prisoners respectively held by the two
belligerents, officer for officer, and man for man.
" The same offer has also been made by other officials
having charge of llie matters connected with the exchange
of prisoners. The proposal has heretoiore been declined
by the confederate authorities, they insisting upon the terms
of the cartel whieh requtied tile delivery of the excess of
either side upon parole."
That is the testimony of Mr. Ould, given on
the 10th of August last, as to the state of the ne-
gotiations up to that time. He then says, speak-
ing to Major Mulford on that day, as I under-
stand the letter, that they have concluded to assent
to the terms our Government had proposed. That
letter was not directed to General Butler, but to
Major Mulford. When it reached General But-
ler I do not know. On the 20th of August, sup-
posing that it might not have reached our au-
thorities, Mr. Ould addressed a letter to General
Hitchcock repeating the proposition. When that
letter reachcd General Butler I do not know, but
according to my recollection it was about the 5th
of September that the reply to the propositions
contained in these two letters was published in
the New'York Times, in the city of New York.
That letter I have not with me. 1 have looked
for it this morning,hut have not been able to find
it. As 1 recollect it, however, General Butler does
not refuse to make exchanges upon the very terms
agreed to here by Mr. Ould, does not recede from
the offer that our Government had before made,
but he hesitates upon the point whether he under-
stands the proposition of Mr. Ould, and he sub-
mits to him two direct interrogatories. Do you
mean—this is the substance of what he asks—to
make these exchanges without setting up a claim
that we shall parole the excess in our hands; and
do you mean to include colored soldiers in your
exchanges? He directs these two interrogato-
ries to the rebel agent preparatory to answering
the direct proposition himself. To those two in-
terrogatories I do not know that any answer was
ever made. If any ever was made I never heard
of it.
I am bound to say here that I think now, as 1
thought at the time, and as I took occasion to say
at the time, that General Butler instead of hesi-
tatingupon any such doubt as that,or taking time
to submit any interrogatories to the rebel agent,
ought to have taken him at his word, and gone
on making exchanges, and what he actually
meant by his proposition would have developed
itself soon enough, and then would have been
the time to divide upon it. That is what 1 think
was the properpohcy to have been pursued. He
seemed to think it better to have the matter clearly
understood before he assented to the proposition,
to know exactly what Ould meant by his own
proposition before he assented. Nevertheless.it
is a part of the public history of the country
known to us all that since that time the work of
exchanges has been resumed, and thousands upon
thousands of prisoners have been exchanged since
then, and it is still going on.
In view of this little history that I have recited
here,l hold that it is unjust to say that this Ad?
ministration is guilty of1 preventing exchanges.
When I tell you that we made exchanges as long
as the rebels would exchange with us; when I
tell you, and tell yofl from the record, that ex-
changes only stopped when they said it was use-
less to send prisoners to them unless accompa-
nied by the stipulation that we would parole the
excess,and when I show this upon the testimony
of their own agents, and especially in the absence
of any testimony or of any assertion from any
quarter thatever this Government was offered the
privilegeof exchanginga single human beingand
refused to make the exchange, I do not think it
just to assert that the responsibility for withhold-
ing these exchanges rests upon the skirts of this
Administration.
Since 1 am upon this point, I will not leave it
without alluding to one other very extraordinary
fact in the political history of the last year. I
have shown you that on the 27th day of ^Decem-
ber, 1863, they refused to make these exchanges
any longer with us. 1 have shown you thatthey
never intimated a contrary purpose or disposition
until the 10th day of August, 1864. I want you
to mark the time.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Presently.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. IIOWE. 1 will not refuse the Senator the
privilege of nn interruption now.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 avail myself of the very gen-
erous courtesy of the honorable Senator, and I
ask him to answer me if the confederate authori-
ties ever insisted upon anything except an execu-
tion of the cartel of exchange by both parties to it.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; so far as 1 know they
never did. I do understand that to have been a
part of the cartel,and I understand that our Gov-
ernment refused to observe it; but I understand
that they did so refuse upon the allegation that ten
thousand men, rebel soldiers, captured at Vicks-
burg and paroled, were put back into the rebel
ranks, and that our armies met them again and
fought them at Chattanooga. That is a good cause
or a bad one for not observing the cartel. To my
own apprehension it is a remarkably good one.
If my friend from Kentucky thinks otherwise,
that is only one more poimupon whict* wo differ.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me to put another question ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask him if both pnrtiesto thai
cartel had not the right by its terms to declare the
prisoners paroled mutually, to be exchanged; and
whether the rebel authorities did not insist that
they had declared exchanges to the full nnmbei-
of the paroled prisoners that had been taken aS
the capture of vicksburg and then paroled.
Mr. HOWE. I really believe the Senator from
Kentucky is right in point of fact, that they did
make just such declarations, it happened^ how-
ever, that our Government did  ot believe them,
that our Government did not choose so indorse
for them, knowing the contrary. If the Senator
from Kentucky sees fit to indorse these rebel dec-
larations, I cannot help that; I do not txieome his
coindorser; and that is another point upon which
we differ.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have not indorsed them myself.
Mr. HOWE. I understand not, and I trust
the Senator will not. I was about to say thai
fiom the 27th day of December, 2863, when we
were officially notified that we need send  o more
prisoners to City Point, until the 10th day of
August last, wenever wereadvised of any change
of purpose on the part of the rebel aathorities.
On the 10th of August this notice wss sent to
Major Mulford by letter. It was repeated on the
20th of August. I have already said that just
when it came to the knowledge of General But-
ler I do not know. But the curious fact to which
I wish to call attention is that on the 29th of Au-
gust, nine days after this letter was directed to
General Hitchcock from Richmond, Virginia, a
convention assembled in the city of Chicago to
nominate a candidate, not for the Presidency, but
who would like to be President, and I was sur-
