1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
prised to find in the indictment which that dis-
tinguished convention preferred against this Ad-
ministration this count:
" Resolved, That the shameful disregard of the Adminis-
tration to its duty in respect to our fellow-citizens wltonow
and long have been prisoners of war in a suffering condi-
tion, deserves the severest icprobation 011 the scoie alike
of public interest and common humanity."
I say I was surprised to find that count in the
indictment. Laboring under the belief as I did
up to that day that it was this Government which
had urged exchanges and it was the rebel author-
ities who Refused them, I was surprised to sec a
deliberative body, as I understand that was which
assembled in convention at Chicago—deliberative
Eart of the time—assert that this Administration
ad been guilty of shameful disregardof its duty
in respect 10 our fellow-citizens in these prisons.
Recollect this emanated fiom that convention just
nine days after that letter was addressed from Mi*.
Ould to General Hitchcock, in which for the first
time he notified General Hitchcock of their readi-
ness to exchange at all. I think it was-not only
peculiar that that convention should have consid-
ered this evidence of u shameful disregard," but
that it was very peculiar, indeed, that that con-
vention should have been so early informed of
that change of purpose itself. It did look to me—
I trust I ana not uncharitable; it seems to me a
man has no excuse for being uncharitable towai d
those gentlemen who assembled at Chicago—but
I cannot help saying that it did seem to me as if
this willingness to exchange prisoners originated
in the purpose of furnishing a little capital to the
very low stock with v^hich those gentlemen as-
sembled at Chicago, and that it was actually com-
municated to them before it was communicated to
the Government of the United States. If I have
done those gentlemen injustice m this suspicion,
or in the expiession of it, i shall be very glad to
apologize to them if they ever get together again;
and if I can be excuscd from making apologies
until such a convention does reassemble on this
continent, 1 shall not have to apologize fora great
while.
Mr. WADE. As in the course of this debate
there has been a question raised as to whether
the barbarities narrated in the preamble to the
resolution have been continued since the report
made on that subject in May last, I desire to
present to the Senate a deposition taken to-day
by the committee on the conduct of the war. It
is the deposition of a man who has just escaped
from the dungeon at Salisbury, North Carolina;
he escaped with those editors of whom we have
recently read. The deposition is here, and if gen-
tlemen would like to hear it, it can be read.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the paper will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington, January 27, 1865.
Sergeant C. W. Thurston sworn, and examined by Mr.
Loan.
Question. Will you state to what company and regiment
you belong?
Answer. I am a sergeant of company K, sixth New
Hampshne volunteers.
question. At what time and where were you taken pris-
oner L y the rebels?
Answer. I was captured on the 30th of September last,
at what I think is known by the name of Jong's farm. It
was the time the attempt was made to out the South Side
raihoad near Petersburg.
Question. To what place were you taken, and confined /
Answer. I was first taken, with oilier?, to Petersburg,
and kept over-night; then to Richmond, and put into what
is called the Peuiberton building, and then to Salisbury,
Noith Carolina.
Question. Clow long were you kept in Ivichmondr
Answer. Only over one mght.
question. IIow Ion? were you at Salisbury?
Answer. Until the 18th of la&t month, when I made my
ePCape.
Question. What number of prisoners were at Salisbury,
and how were they treated?
Answer. When I was fust taken there,there were com-
paratively few prisoners there; but within three or four
days theie vveie upward of ton thousand. I know that
when I had charge of the bakery for the prisoners I made
out requisitions for more than ten thousand six hundred
^Question. What kind of a place were ynu kept in?
Answer, At the time f went there there was a building
that was made to hold probably two thousand men. The
rest Lrnd no covei or shelter at all. The enemy had taken
awavlVom us our blankets and kitapsacksand a great deal
of our elothin". About the 6th of November the quarter-
master "eve us some tents m the piopouionof one Sibley
tela and one small wall tent to each one hundred men.
But not morp than fifty of the one hundred could gctm
and lie down in the tents. The rest had no covering, and
used to dig holes in the .ground with their pocket Knives
and plates,because they could get noshovelsor picks, and
they would crawl in those holes and lie down.
In regaid to the rations for the men, what was called the
regular ration was a pound of bread, made of corn and cobs
ground together, to each man for twenty-four hours. They
usually got only about twelve ounces even of that bread.
Then for meat the men usually received twenty-two
pounds of beeves' heads, tiipes, and gullets to each hun-
dred men ; but that was not received every day, only about
once in four days on an average. And then there was
usually given about half a pint of soup to each man a day.
The soup was made of nee and water; that is, a large
bucketful of rice would be put into a large kettle of water,
holding, say, twenty gallons ; sometimes a little salt, {some-
times no salt at all. They would dip out the water, and
but little oi the lice, and then fill up again and again, until
a thousand men had been served from the one bucketful of
rice. Upon the slightest provocation the rations would
be cut olf entirely ior a day or two. J have lost the prin-
cipal diary I kept while there; hut I find in a memoian-
dum hook which 1 have lieie, that on Friday, the 28th of
October, the moo received no rations; on Satuiday they
received nothing but soup; on Sunday they received bread
and meat; so that there were two days when thcyreceived
nothing but a little soup.
In regard to the treatment of our men in other respects,
f can illustrate it by an incident I saw myself. 1 was
standing one day by the hospital; I had been to see Mr.
Davis, one of the prisoners, who had been appointed super-
intendent of the hospital. One of our negro soldiers, cap-
tured at the tune of the explosion of the mine near Peters-
buig, was standing near by engaged in " skiimbhing," as
we piiaojiers call it, examining his clothes tor vermin. A
sentinel there, at whom I happened to be looking at the
time, drew up his musket, took deliberate aim and fired,
killing the negro on the spot. One of our hoys asked him
what he did that for, and he replied that he did it " to see
the damned black son of a bitch drop." That I saw done
myself.
Question. What notice was taken of that by the rebel
authorities there ?
Answer. None that I know. The report is that they get
thirty days' furlough for shooting a Yankee ; that it is en-
couraged. Mi. Davis, the superintendent of the hospital,
assured me that he has at the present time the names of
eighteen hundred of our men who died thcie betwee n the
Isl day ot October and the 15th day of December, Ihtil.
Question. Who i.s this Mr. Davis?
Answer* lie was the chief clerk of the Ohio Senate, so
I understand, and a correspondent of the Cincinnati Ga-
zette. lie escaped when 1 did, and 1 understand he is now
in this city.
Quesfisn. He was a prisoner at Salisbury?
Answer. Yes,Mr; andMr Richardson,oi the. New Yoilc
Times, and M). llrovvn, ol the New York Tuhune.
Question. What means had Mr. Davis to know thenum-
bei of death's?
Answer. He was the superintendent of the hospital, and
Mr. Rtchaidson was eleikot the ho-pital.
Question. Appointed by the rebel authorities ?
Ansu-cr. Ye&, sir. We made an attempt to break out
of the prison one day, in which we killed four of the
guards and wounded quite a number of them. They killed
Jittcen of our men and wounded fifty-seven. They fired
upon the boys for twenty-two minutes alter they had given
up and «one into their tents. They fired rightthiough the
tent-—they could see no one—riddling them completely.
Ami they dis-cluuged cannon several times loaded with
canister, or rathef with Intle plug* of iron punched out of
hoileis when they made them. We have kept account ot
upwaid of nine hundred Federal soldiei-. who have enlisted
in the rebel seiviee merely to avoid starvation, generally
for a day or two before they were enlisted they would he
deprived ot everything to eat but a little soup.
Question. What rations do the jebels furnish their own
soldieis?
Answer, They told me that they got a pound of tlour
and a half a pound of bacon or othei meat to a man. They
were put on short rations there, or " half rations," as they
call it.
Qtiestion. What else was furnished them ?
Ansv>cr. Very little of anything else than a little tobacco;
at least that is what they told me. They said they had to
have provisions sent them fiom home, tor they could not
live on their ration^ there.
Question. What became of the beeves, the heads, and
tripes which you say were given the prisoners?
Amwcr. 1 cannot tell. Sometimes ue would get a little
oi the beef, but very weldom. We got very little beef m pio-
portion to tiie heads and tnpes. I had twelve men oi my
own regiment who enlisted m the icbel service.
Question. Did much Mckm ss result from this diet?
Answer. The diairhea was the prevalent sickness, caused
principally by the water, I think. The boys did not have
what water they wanted. They had to go a quarter of a
mile to a little creek, twentv at a time, with a guard ; but
they did not Retail they wanted. Theie was water in the
yard, but so thick with mud that they could not drink it.
The only well that had good waterm itwa  closelyguarded
and kept for the hospital. The morning I escaped there
were seven thousand six hundred and three prisoners there.
We never received any of the clothing or supplies of the
Sanitarv Commission, which we understood had been sent
to um Before our soldiers would be enlisted in the rebel
service they would usually get nothing to cat for two or
three days. Then an ofheer would come in with a guard,
and when the prisoners were collected around him, he would
tell them that they would not be exchanged betoie the end
of the war; but if they would enh-t in their service they
would have plenty of food and clothing, and be placed on
garrison duty, and not be called upon to light. I have seen
men biought up lor that purpose who were so weak that
they could not walk without staj/genng.
Question. Were any threats made as to what would be
the consequences if they did not enlist.''
Anwer. No.sir; there was no need of threats; the boys
knew they would die if they staid thcie. The rations kept
growing poorer and poorer all the time  God only knows
what they are by this time, or how the- poor feMows-geil
along.
Question. State more fuliy about your being deprived of
clothing, &c., when you were captured.
Answer. When we are first taken' they generally; tofts'
from usall our money, watches,and other valuables*
we were taken to Petersburg an officer came in wttlna
guard where we were and took a great many of our; rubber
and woolen blankets. The guard kept coming in and steal-
ing our clothing, the men resisting, but of course resistance
was useless. They look our shelter tents and'overcoats
from us while we were in Petersburg. When we got toi
Richmond and put in the Pemberton building, we were
formed into line on each side of the building and made ic^
take off our knapsacks, haversacks, andcanteens, and pile
them up in the middle of the room, and then carried off by
them. They said they were going to search us for myney*
and wo were invited to give up what money we had vol-
untarily, and told that if we did so we should have a re-
ceipt for it, and it would be given back to us when we were
exchanged. But we were told that if we did not do that,
and any money was afterward.found on us, u would be
confiscated. Then they took us on to Salisbury, many of
our boys having nothing but what they bad on. Yvhen their
clothes wore out they had to do without. When I left not
one half of them had more than a blouse and pair of pan-
taloons, some nothing but a shirt and pantaloons, still oth-
ers nothing but pantaloons and a piece of old cloth about
their shoulders. Hundreds wore baie-footed and without
hats or caps; without clothing to keep them any way com-
fortable.
Question. Then they must have suffered much fiom
the inclemency of the weather?
Answeu Yes, sir. I understood that some of them froze
to death. I have no doubt that many perished m that way.
I have had men come to the bakery where I was, shiver-
ing and shaking with cold as if they had the ague, and
beg to be allowed to come in and warm themselves. I
would let a few in at a nine, and then, after a shoit time,
make them go out and let others come in. When prison-
ers died, they used to strip them of their clothing, which
they would sometimes give to the most needy of the living.
The dead were put in a dead-house, and then pitched into
a cart any way, just as many as it would hold, and, ad £
understood, carried off and tumbled into a ditch and cov-
ered up. This I was told by some of our m« n who were
detailed as grave diggers, and given double rations for that
duty.
Question. You-have no personal knowledge that any of
the prisoners froze to death?
Answer. No, sir; I saw none when they were freezing,
but I was told so; and I have no doubt of it. The men
would get very weak, and would crawl into these holes,
and I have no doubt they frosws to death there. One man
was taken out from under the-hospital who had been there
so long that he had begun to decay, and was all covered
with vermin. We supposed he had crawled under there
to get out «f the cold, and there died. I was told by a rebel
doctor thcie, I forget his name, that not one in ten of the
men who died there would have died if they had had proper
food and shelter.
Question. From all that you have seen, are yon satisfied
in your own mind thatour soldiers have died there in con-
sequence of not having proper food and clothing?
Answer. I know so, as well as I can know anything of
tkat nature. There was a snow-stot in there, which changed
to a cold rain and lasted tor two day*, and the morning
after I saw «ix men taken out of one liole, into which they
had ciawled ami had there died.
Question. How long were you in effecting your escape?
♦flnsircr. We left on the 18th of December, and reached
Knoxville on the J3th of January. From there I went to
Chattanooga, and was ordered by General Thomas to re-
poi there in Washmston, and I came right on here.
Questions You are here for the purpose of joining your
regiment?
- Answer. Yes, sir; I want to join it immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the motion to recommit the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to_ inquire
whether the question before the Senate is or not
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to amend
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be the
motion before the Senate if the motion to recom-
mitfails. That is the pendingnmendment. The
motion to commit takes precedence of it.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to make one
further inquiry: whether the amendment submit-
ted by the Senator from Ohio is open to further
amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the question now on
the reference to the committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then 1 take it that no amend-
ment can be made and no other motion can be
put until that is disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not submit a motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Senator
from Maine that tiie motion to recommit be mod-
ified so as to send to the committee the resolution
and all the amendments and proposed amend-
ments.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the mo-
tion made.
