458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J"anuary 27,
Mr, HENDRICKS. Then I submit to the
Presiding Officer whether that will not carry the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL. My only object in making
the inquiry is to see whether the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio can be so shaped as that,
in my judgment, it will obviate the necessity of a
recommitment, and therefore, with a view of an
understanding with him on that subject, I will say
that I propose for his acceptance to strike out, in
the twenty-eighth line of his proposed amend-
ment, the words " and kind," after the word
" manner," and to insert instead the words " in
conformity to the laws of nations;" so that it will
read:
And that the executive and military authorities of the
United States are hereby directed to retaliate upon the pris-
oners of the enemy in such manner, in conformity to the
laws of nations, as shall be effective in deterring him from
the perpetration in future of cruel and barbarous treatment
of our soldiers.
Mr. WADE. If I understand the amendment,
it does not vary the sense and efficacy of the oii-
ginal proposition, and I do notsee that I have any
objection to accepting that as a modification of
my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. MORRILL. Then, Mr. President, as I
understand the case, I do not see any occasion for.
a recommitment; and I say this from an attentive
observation of what has passed in the Senate,
both upon the amendments which are submitted
and upon the general course of the argument. 1
do not propose at the present moment to make
any further argument than will be nccessary to
justify this statement. I think the Senate now
are all agreed, with perhaps a single exception,
upon all that is substantial in the amend ment
submitted by the Senator from Ohio and the other
proposed amendments. I shall attempt to verify
and justify this statement by a reference to each
of the resolutions that have been submitted to the
Senate.
The resolution now before us starts out with
the assumption that the rebels have tieated our
prisoners with gross cruelty; that they have com-
mitted excesses that are not agreeable to the prin-
ciples of civilized warfare; secondly, that in the
judgment of Congress it has become justifiable and
necessary to adopt measures of retaliation; and
thirdly, and lastly, that the executive and military
authorities shall adopt measures of retaliation m
such manner, conformable to the principles of#
public law, as shall be effective in correcting these
abuses and excesses of the confederate authori-
ties. Those are the three propositions contained
in the resolution as it now stands as proposed to
be amended by the Senator from Ohio. I will
repeat them: first, that the rebel authorities have
been guilty of gross outrages; second, that it is
the judgment of Congress that measures of retali-
ation ought to be adopted; and, third, that the
President of the United States shall adopt such
measures, consistent with the principles of public
law, as shall be effectual in restraining these ex-
cesses.
From my observation of the course of the argu-
ment, every Senator on this floor who has spoken
on the subject, with a single exception, has af-
firmed and reaffirmed each of these three distinct
propositions.' Let me take the amendments that
nave been offered. I have in my hands, first,
though I believe it was not first in order, that of
the honorableScnator from Missouri, [Mr. Hen-
derson.] He affirms that the rebels have been
guilty of these outrages. He does not doubt it.
I now take that of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mt.Wilson.] He does not doubt
it. I now take that of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] which affirms
the same thing; and last, but by no means least,
because the honorable Senator gives a significance
to it by what follows, that of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I will read his
language:
That the treatment of our officers and soldiers in rebel
prisons is cruel, savage, and heart-rending beyond all pre-
cedent j that it is shocking to morals j that it is an offense
against human nature itself; that it adds new guilt to the
great crime of rebellion, and constitutes an example from
which history will turn with sorrow and disgust.
I need say no more, then, as to the first propo-
sition, than, in the language of the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, [Mr, Howe,] to congratulate
the Senate that they are agreed upon one thing.
We are all agreed without exception upon that.
The honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] who,to someextent, in his argument,
combats the idea of general barbarity, concedes
thai, as a general statement, the treatment of our
prisoners by the rebels has been cruel and bar-
barous in the extreme. We are then all agreed
on the main question.
Now as to the remedy. Each of these amend-
ments proposes retaliation, with the exception of
that to which I shall advert by and by, submit-
ted by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] Each looks to retaliation as a
remedy; each proposes it; and what is the limita-
tion ? The limitation is in their own phrase,
each one proposing some method peculiar to him-
self; but each and every amendment looks to
retaliation as the remedy for the conceded ill.
What then is the difference between us? We all
agree that the evil exists; we all agree that retali-
ation is the remedy. What is the limitation of
the Senator from Ohio ? He says that it is the
sense of Congress that the President shall retali-
ate; that it is his duty to retaliate. How? A
great deal has been said about starving, cutting
the ears of prisoners, &c.; a great deal has been
said about the barbarities which have been in-
flicted upon our soldiers, and that we are to do
the same thing " in kind;" but that phraseology
has been stricken from the amendment of the
Senatoi from Ohio, and it now stands that the
sense of the American Congress is that the Pres-
ident of the United States shall retaliate for these
barbarities to the end that these excesses may
come to an end. But how? According to his
own whim or caprice, or the whim or caprice of
any man or set of men? No; but according to
the' principles of public law. That is the limita-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. "Internationallaw" w&uld
be bettor.
Mr. MORRILL. I am willing to say " inter-
national law," or " the laws of nations."
Having established these first two propositions,
in which we all agree, for no Senator has spoken
on this floor who does not agree to them save and
exccpt only my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the logic of the thing is
that we will retaliate according to the principles
of civilized war. I am of course under no neces-
sity of arguing the question of the propriety of
retaliation, bccausc on that we are all committed,
if I am right m this statement, I submit that the
whole discussion is concluded by the amendment
which the honorable Senator from Ohio has at
length adopted. Whatever may be said of the
original proposition, by the amendment which he
has adopted he has at length brought himself pre-
cisely within the judgment of the Senate, within
sentiments uttered by eveiy Senator in debate,
with a single exception, and in harmony withall
resolutions that have been offered as amendments,
with the exception of different phraseology; and
therefore, unless we intend to back out from the
purpose of expressing to the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States the judgment of the American Congress
that measures of retaliation ought to be adopted,
it strikes me there is no occasion for this recom-
mitment.
I desire to say a word in regard to the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who dissents, and
his proposition is the only dissent from the gen-
eral proposition contained in the resolution as pro-
posed to be amended by the Senator from Ohio.
My only object in referring to the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts is to show that it
is an absolute unqualified dissent, and is a propo-
sition against any measure of retaliation whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. Read the first section.
Mr. MORRILL. The first section of the Sen-
ator's resolution reads as follows:
"Retaliation is harsh always,even in the simplest cases,
and is permissible only" 
Mr. SUMNER. Therefore it is permissible.
Mr. MORRILL.
" And is permissible only where, in the first place, it may
reasonably he expected to effect its object, and where, in
the second place, it is consistent with the usages of civil-
ized society j and that, in the absence of thes>e essential
conditions, it is a useless barbarism, having no other end
than vengeance, which is forbidden alike to nations and to
men."
If my honorable friend concedes that retalia-
tion is permissible, then I shall have no occasion
to make the argument I was about to submit to
the Senate. If it is conceded that the facts of
this case bring this statement within the condi-
tions of the resolution of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, then I have no argument to make upon
that portion of-the proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, I presume, did
not hear the remarks which I made in explana-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. I had the misfortune not to
be in the Chamber at the time. *
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator had been pres-
ent, he might remember that 1 expressly cited au-
thorities in regard to the law of retaliation and
recognized it as a law, but insisted that it hadits
limitations, that it was surrounded by barriers
from which we cannot escape,and those barriers
are those to which I refer in the first resolution,
being the usages of civilizcd society and the rea-
sonable prospect that the retaliation when em-
ployed wjll have a practical result.
Mr. MORRILL. I had not the pleasure of
listening to the argument of the honorable Sena-
tor, and therefore I was obliged to draw the de-
ductions which I thought could fairly be drawn
from the statement of the case presented in his
amendment. While it appeared to me that in the
first resolution the honorable Senator concedes
that under certain circumstances and certain limit-
ations retaliation is the right of a nation at war,
in the third resolution he negatives the idea of re-
taliation in the present case.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will be good
enough to read the introductory words of the third
resolution, he will see thatitis expressly limited
to this: that there can be no imitation of rebel
barbarism in the treatment of prisoners. The
whole argument is founded on that; it stands on
that; that is, that we cannot imitate what is bar-
barous. There I stand.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I should like to ask
the honorable Senator one question, and upon his
answer will depend whether I have another word
to say or not; as the question now stands on the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
the retaliation proposed is to be in harmony with
the principles of international law, and 1 ask him
whether that is allowable?
Mr. SUMNER. I have no doubt that retalia-
tion according to the principles of international
law is allowed.
Mr. MORRILL., Then, Mr. President, that is
precisely our position now. We have arrived at
that point precisely; and there I am content to
leave it. I do not combat, then, the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts. I
understand thfit the argument contained in the
third section of his amendment was addressed to
the statement in the original resolution, that we
were to retaliate " in kind;" we were to starve,
&c. That having failed, and the resolution now
standing that whatever measures are adopted are
to be in harmony with the principles of public
law, we are all agreed; even the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts himself is agreed to what
is proposed by the Senate now; first, that barbar-
ities have been exercised by the enemy; second,
that retaliation is proper; and, third, that the
measure of it shall be that measure which is meted
out by the principles of public law., I submit,
therefore, that we are agreed upon the? whole sub-
ject, and that there is no occasion to recommit this
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on recommitting the resolution reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, together with the
amendments and proposed amendments, to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WADE. It is perfectly evident from the
argument that the Senator from Maine has made
on this subject that the resolution cannot be put
in a form less objectionable than it is now, and
therefore I shall conclude that those who vote for
the recommitment of this resolution are really
against the principle of retaliation in any shape
whatever. It will result in that, and the country
may as well know it now as at any time.^f
gentlemen recommit this resolution, it is beojfcfse
they do not intend to retaliate. That is all that I
wish to say.
Mr. CLARIC. I cannot agree to the proposi-
tion put by the Senator from Ohio.. I am entirely
in favor of retaliation, and I am now at present
