1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1225
no resort except to issue bonds, and then we must
either adopt a new form of bonds and pay interest
of oui bonds in cuironcy, or we must issue them
in the usual form, with interest payable in gold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we no bonds bear-
ing interest payable in currency ?
• Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. The interest on
all our bonds is paid in gold.
' Mr. JOHNSON. This bill authorizes the Sec-
retary to issue currency-interest bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly it does; so that
the motion of the honorable Senator would sub-
stantially leave the Secretary no resource except
to issue bonds, which usually are an instrument
running a long period of time, with interest pay-
able either in gold or paper. I think therefore
the Senate had better take the bill as it is, with-
out any amendment, especially in a matter so
vital as this.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This measure is objec-
tionable for the reason that it complicates our
financial system. I undertake to say that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance cannot
enumerate the various kinds of securities that
have been issued by this Government since the
war. I undertake to say there are but few per-
sons in Wall street that can furnish with any
promptness the various different classes of secu-
rities that have been issued since this war. We
were informed at the commencement of the war
that if we would adoptafixed financial policy we
could have all the money wo required when we
had out business on a gold basis, and it could
have been done. I was then on the Committee
on Finance, and I informed the Secretary of the
Treasury that that was so, and he admitted it to
be so; but we were not ready for it. We have
been trying expedient after expedient, and chang-
ing our expedients without a policy; and now this
is another change, authorizing again,as the chair-
man remarks, a new form of Government bonds
payable in currency; that is, using our credit to
pay our debts, and then our credit to pay our
interest—a thing false in all political economy.
What are our long bonds worth payable in our
currency? They do not command any credit
whatever; and then we are to issue an interest-
bearing currcncy, for this amounts to a currency.
That interest has to be paid, and it has to be paid
ultimately in money.
Now, although I once did say in the Senate that
paper made by-the Government was money, 1
made a vast mistake when 1 said it; and I want
to.take it back now. I undertook to prove it, and
I did prove it by the books; but it was a mistake.
I did not know it at the time, or I would not have
said it. It can be technically and historically
proved to be money, but it is not money in fact.
This complication of our financial system com-
menced by having in the Treasury Department
a gentleman of eminent ability in his way, but
altogether ignorant of organizing finances, who
worked by expedients from day to day; and it
is being continued without any organized sys-
tem. The present Secretary of the Treasury,
(for whom no member on this floor has more
respect than I have,) when he went to New York,
on entering his office, to borrow fifty or seventy-
five millions, on being inquired of by the spokes-
man of the gentlemen nf finance of New York,
whom he liad called together as to what was his
policy, said lie had no policy. Sir, shall we never
have a policy, or are we unequal to a financial
policy in this country ?
Here is another complication of the matter. We
now have a system of laws as difficult to tread as
the labyrinth of Thebes. I undertake to say that
there is not a person, unless he is a man of great
skill and belongs to the money markets, that un-
derstands what our securities are, and what their
respective values are, and how they can be re-
spectively applied. We are wandering from ob-
scurity into darkness. I protestagainstthiskind
of legislation. I think the Senator from Illinois
is right, and the Senator from Pennsylvania was
right in his argument; but his argument proves
the unsoundness of this proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Illinois in section one,
line seven, after the word " bonds" to strike out
the words " or Treasury notes."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to stiike out all
of the second section after the word " theieof"
in the following words:
And Mil bonds or otliei obligations issued under this act
IkiI! he exempt from taxation by or under State or muni-
cipal authbrity.
I presume the Senate will not agree in the view
I take of this matter, but I feel it to be my duty
to present the proposition to the body. I under-
stand that the Government securities issued up to
this time are exempt from State and local taxa-
tion. 1 am not going to discuss the question of
the policy at all; but I think it must be known to
Senators that there is a growing discontent in the
country at the fact that so large a portion of the
wealth of the country is exempt from taxation.
In my judgment there is no feature in our policy
that contributes so much to excite a spirit in favor
of repudiation as this very provision. Itmay be
that we shall golhrough this whole financial con-
troversy, that we must meet in the future, without
any serious effort in the country at repudiation.
I hope so; but if we do, I tlUnk we must contem-
plate it now. The men who buy these bondsare
generallymen of greatwealth. {know that itisa
favorite remark of the chairman oftho Committee
on Finance that these bondsare purchased by poor
people all over the country. That is to some extent
true; but it is but as a drop m the ocean. The great
body of this capital will find its way into the hands
of men of large capital and into the vaults of the
banks. The people will constantly see these men
going to the Treasury and receiving their interest
m gold, nowequal to twelve per cent, pur annum,
and paying nothing back; and while upon the
ordinary labor and wealth of the State there is
the burden of supporting the State and local gov-
ernments and authorities, this large capital of the
counity is exempt from this burden. I think we
ought not to go further in this direction. For
these considerations I have proposed the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This question has been set-
tled since the foundation of the Government. The
first loan bill that was framed after the organiza-
tion of the Government contained this provision,
and it has been continued in every loan bill from
that day to this. It is manifest that if the Sena-
tor's amendment be adopted these bonds cannot
be sold. All those heretofore issued have been
free from tax. If those that are to be hereafter
issued should be subject to tax they could not be
sold, and it would defeat the purpose of the law.
I do not wish to prolong the argument. We are
already committed to this policy. Withoutgoing
into the merits of it, I simply ask that the ques-
tion may be taken.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state that I
shallvgive my support to this bill simply because
at this stage of the session I do not see that I call
get anything better. We have not time to enter
into the necessary discussion to get up a bill that
would suit my views; nor do I suppose, if we
had the time, that I could get one to suit me. I
shall have to give up my own opinions and views
on this subject and do something in order to pro-
vide the v/ays and means necessary to sustain the
Government; and I desire to state that it is only
that that induces me to support the bill in its
present shape.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. V ,
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. CLARK. I submit the following report
from the committee of conference on the legisla-
tive appropriation bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votesof"
tljc two Tlon-es on the amendment.- to the bill ol the 11 o 11 e
(No. 6-W) making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of tin; Government for the > ear
ending tbe 30th of June, 18GG, bavins met. alter full and
fiee conference have been unable io agree.
DANIEL (JLARK,
UtA H \RIIIS,
J. W. NESMITII,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
JOUIV A. KASSON,
H. WTNTEIl DAVIS,
ROBERT MALLORY",
Managers on the part of the House.
I desire to explain to the Senate the difficulty
we have in coming to an agreement, and then to
take some action ill the Senate upon the point.
This bill,it will be seen, is the legislative appro-
priation bill from the House. When it came to
the Senate from the House, the Senrtteattach^d
to it the deficiency bill and returned it to the
House. When it went back to the House, the
House amended the deficiency bill by putting
upon it this provision: *
And the sum of §40,000 is hereby appropriated, to be
added to the contingent fund of tlic House of Representa-
tives, for tile puipoae of paying foi stationery, papers, and
such other expenses as the House may have directed or
shall direct: Provided, That no part of said sun> shall be
applied to a permanent addition to tile salaries ot their
clerks or other employes.
They also put upon the bill a large number of
amendments, making an appropriation of over a
million dollars as additional legislation. This
provision to which I have called the attention of
the Senate isa provision making an appropriation
of $40,000 to the contingent fund of the House for
the purpose of paying the additional compensation
to the employes of the House voted at the last
session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the number of
that amendment?
Mr. CLARK. It does not appear to be num-
bered. It is perhaps the second amendment in
the bill. The committee of conference did not
feel themselves at liberty to departfrom the action
of the Senate, and to agree to an amendment
making an appropriation for that purpose. I may
state to the Senate that upon all other matters
contained in the bill the committee could arrive
at a conclusion. They went so far as to see that
they could arrive at a conclusion satisfactory to
themselves, and one which they think would be
satisfactory to the Senate, so that the bill could
pass; but we disagreed upon this point, and did
not come to a definite conclusion upon any other,
but only acted informally upon them._ I desire
now the instruction of the Senate, at this late day
in the session,as to what the committee shall do
in this matter. If it be the pleasure of the Senate
to recede from its former action, and to instruct
or direct or intimate to the committee that the
Senate will agree to an appropriation of this kind,
or advise it, then we can come to a satisfactory
adjustment, if they do not advise or consent to
a proposition of that kind, I can only say that the
committee of conference will disagree. The Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mi-.Nesmith,] who was upon
the committee, I think has a motion prepared to
submit to the Senate on the subject.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator will allow
me, I will move that the bill with the amendments
in disagreement between the two Houses be re-
committed to the committee of conference with
instructions to agree upon an amendment in the
following words:
And the sum of §43,000 is hereby appropriated, to he
added to the contingent fund of the House ot Representa-
tives, tor the purpose of paying such contingent expenses
as may be directed by resolution of the House. *
It will be observed by the terms of this prop-
osition that it is left entirely to the discretion
of the House in disbursing its contingent fund
without reference to previously existing laws. I
myself would be willing to vote for the repeal of
the law of 1858. I think the contingent fund
ought to be under the control of the two Houses
respectively. The House committee manifested
a disposition to yield any controverted point ex-
cept this; and at this late hour of the session there
js great danger of losing the bill. I think it is as
'small a concession as the Senate can probably
make, and I think it should be made, i was for
it on the committee of conference. I submit the
question to the Senate. If they concur in this
proposition, there will be no trouble about a con-
currence in all the other amendments.
Mr. CLARK. I think'the Senator should
state, 01-1 will state, that that proposition would
allow the money to be paid as the House desire
to pay it.
Mr. NESMITH. That is my understanding,
and it is drawn for that purpose.
Mr. CLARIC. This resolution will pro tanto
repeal the law of 1858, and permit the House to
make such disbursements of the contingent fund
as tlwy may see proper by resolution. I wilt
say further, while I am up, that there is no diffi-
culty about the additional $5,001) that is appro-
priated by this proposition. The old appropria-
tion was f,38,000, and this is $43,000; but the
additional ^5,000 is needed to pay for stenogra-
phers and other purposes on which no question
ansts.
