THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Arficlesof War which I have in my hand there are
certain regulations deciding what shall be done
with prisoners of war. X will read some of them:
" Prisoners of war will be disarmed and sent to the rear,
and reported as soon as practicable to headquarters," &e.
Then a return is to be made of them.
"The private property of prisoners will be duly rc-
eyfefctedy and each shall be treated "with tiie respect due to
his rank."
Then .they go on to provide that they shall
&bey! the necessary orders given and shall receive
for subsistence one ration each, without regard
ti> rank, and the Wounded are to be treated with
the same care as the wounded of the Army.
" Other allowances"—
That is, independent of this one ration, and the
treatment of the wounded—
"will depend on conventions with the enemy."
" Prisoners' horses will be taken for the Aimy."
" Exchange of prisoners and release of officers on parole
depend on the orders of the Commander-in-Chief under
the instructions of the Government."
These are a part of the regulations of war which
ore binding, as I understand, as a law, upon the
Army and its officers. Now, in order that the Pres-
ident should have power to treat these prisoners
in any other manner than is provided by the rules
and regulations of war, I am rather inclined to the
opinion, I repeat, that legislation may be neces-
sary. 1 confess for myself that the language of
the act of 1813, or the language of the act of 1799
would be more in accordance with myjudgment
as to the best form of words to be used in an enact-
ment on this subject. 1 think we should do by
law as our fathers did in 1813: we should confer
upon the President the authority, in case of any
violation of the rules of civilized warfare upon
our prisoners in the hands of the rebels, to make
full and ample retaliation upon the prisoners that
we hold in our hands.
Mr. President, I believe that retaliation may be
effective, and that it is in accordance with the
highest principles of humanity. I will state a
case that came to my knowledge through Cap-
tain Grant, of the State of Wisconsin, who was
captured near Petersburg, and as our armies were
making advances into different portions of the
confederacy was carried from place to place. In
the course of his imprisonment I believe lie was
in eleven different places of confinement. He
finally made his escape when they .were moving
him a short time ago from Charleston to Colum-
bia, in South Carolina, coming up through west-
ern North Carolina, hiding, and being protected
by the loyal refugees in the mountains there, and
has but a few days since arrived hero in Wash-
ington. He informs me that when confined in
Charleston, a part of the time with other prisoners,
he was put under the fire of our guns by the rebels.
They were under fire fora considerable time. Gen-
eral Foster, in command ofour forces, put an equal
number of rebel prisoners in his hands under fire,
and then our men in Charleston were released
from this condition. He saysanothertbing: that
when they were first placed in custody there in
the city of Charleston they were placed in an
open space without cover, exposed to the weather,
and had very poor rations, and were furnished
with no clothing except what was upon them, and
that had become very poor. General Foster did
in fact give notice, X think, to General Jones, in
command of the rebel forces in South Carolina,
that the treatment which he accorded to our pris-
oners in his 'hands would be the measure of his
(General Foster's) treatment to prisoners in his
hands; and as soon as this was known in the
city of Charleston, Captain Grant informs me
they were at once put into good quarters and
were furnished with good clothing. So it had its
effect.
As a principle, therefore, within the rules of
civilized warfare I am in favor of giving the au-
thority to the President to make the retaliations
which may be necessary to effect the purpose.
But when it comes down to details in the exer-
cise of the power, I might differ from some gen
tlemen on this floor. 1 do not believe I would
starve prisoners to death, or scalp them, or tor-
ture them. I would prefer to resort to some other
mode of retaliation, and to select,perhaps by lot,
officers of the enemy, beginning with the highest
in our hands, and give the enemy notice that on
a given day, unless this cruelty was abandoned,
a certain number should be shot to death, and
continue that mode of retaliation until the object
was effected; but never would I consent to the
slow system of destroying life by starvation or
by cruelty in any form. The details, however,
are a matter of military discretion when the au-
thority shall be given.
Mr. HENDERSON. Permit me to ask the
Senator under what authority the retaliation prac-
ticed by General Foster, of which he speaks, was
adopted before Congress acted upon the subject.
If Congress has entire power over the question
and Congress has not directed retaliation to be
exercised, how could an officer in the field under-
take to say that he would retaliate in the way the
Senator has stated?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He took the responsibil-
ity of doing it; that is all I can say on the sub-
ject. I confess I had supposed that discretion
was in the commanders of our armies; but now
I have doubts on the subject after hearing this
discussion, and seeing the laws which were passed
by our fathers and our forefathers in 1813 and
1799.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can tell the Senator
that the military commanders in the. West have
exercised the power since the beginning of the
war. It has never been doubted there.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise merely to express to
the honorable member from Wisconsin the opin-
ion that I have no doubt that Congress can, under
the constitutional provision' to which he has re-
ferred, legislate on the subject of the exchange of
prisoners and the treatment of prisoners, and
that is what Congress did by the acts of 1799
and 1813; and looking to those acts alone, not
having any other information on the subject than
those acts give, the inference which my friend
draws would be a legitimate one, that they were
enactedunderthe impression that retaliation could
not be resorted to except under the authority of
Congress. Now, I suppose nothing to be clearer
than that the retaliation spoken of in the books
is a retaliation to be exercised when necessary,
and that therefore it is a duty of the military
officer conductingthe war, unless he is restrained
by some paramount authority, to enforce it in
proper cases. One of the modes of making the
war efficient on his part is to retaliate on the pris-
oners he may capture what may have been done
toward his men who may have been captured by
the enemy.
Now, the honorable member refers to the arti-
cles Congress has adopted as rules for the gov-
ernment of the Army and Navy of the United
States. I am sure he will say that there are many
provisions in those rules and regulations that are
not at all necessary. One of the rules is that pris-
oners when they are taken are to be disarmed. I
suppose that could be done without the authority
of an act of Congress. Another is that they are
to obey orders. Nobody can doubt that they
would be compelled to obey orders, although
there was no actofCongress on the subject. There
is the same right to disarm prisoners after they
are captured as there is to capture them. I do not
suppose any legislation by Congress is necessary
to give the authority to capture them. The Army
have the same authority to capture them, no
greater authority than they have to carry on the
war upon the battle-field and kill the enemy if
they cannotcapturethem. Noregulation by Con-
gress is necessary to give an officer authority to
fight the foe and to kill him in fight, if killing
should become necessary.
The meaning of the clause referred to by the
Senator from Wisconsin is that Congress may
regulate the manner in which tl e Army shall be
organized, how it shall conduct itsgeneral duties;
but when once upon the field, the officer in com-
mand may do anything and everything that is
the duty of military officers, unless he is prohib-
ited by a superior authority. General Washing-
ton threatened retaliation, and to a certain extent
retaliation was practiced during the war of the
Revolution; but it was not neccssary to give him
that authority. General Jackson practiced retalia-
tion during the war of 1812. Nobody supposed he
hadnottheauthority to retaliate; theonly question
was, whether he had not abused the power. It
was not denied that he had the power to do what
he did, provided the case was one to justify re-
taliation to that extent. I have supposed that
power to be very clear, and on that ground I
thought it was unnecessary to legislate on the sub-
ject, provided we had confidence in the President
that he would perform his duty. I think it is the
President's duty, if he cannot protect our men
who have been captured except by retaliation
on the men of the enemy who have been captured
by us, to retaliate to the extent that the laws of
nations authorize; and all. that, I think, can be
done by the President without any legislation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very glad that this
debate has disclosed one fact, and that is, that !
many members of the Senate think there is some
limit to the powers of the Executive. I had sup-
posed, from the manner in which he has acted in
my State and in the State of Maryland, to say
nothing of his actings elsewhere, that he supposed
himself to be omnipotent. I am glad to learn to-
day that in the opinion of some of his warmest
friends there are limitations upon his power.
I shall vote for this reference; but I do not
know that 1 shall vote for any proposition that
may come from the committee recognizingor coun-
tenancing the principle of retaliation, for lam one
of those who do not believe that the American
people, either North or South, as a general thing
are so cruel, so wicked, as willfully to treat bar-
barously prisoners of war. I doubt not that there
are individual cases of great oppression and great
hardship. 1 doubt not that when those who have
never been used to wielding authority become
dressed up in a little brief authority they do <5n
some occasions not only play fantastic but very
cruel tricks; and I doubt not that there are Fed-
eral prisoners who have suffered cruelty at the
handsofsome wicked, cruel southern officers; and
I doubt not that there are confederate prisoners
who, when they have fallen into the hands and
into the charge of wicked and cruel northern offi-
cers, have been treated barbarously also. I sus-
pect that if the account was balanced, there would
not be much difference. I, for one, do not be-
lieve that people of the South or the people of
the North, in the main, are such cruel wretches
as that they would willfully treat prisoners of war
with cruelty, and for that reason do not believe
there is any necessity for passing any act or do-
ing anything giving authority to the President to
retaliate, or recognizing the principle of retaliation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to offer an amend-
ment that it may go to the committee, provided the
resolution and amendments heretofore offered
shall be recommitted. I will read it:
JlnH le it further rcsofvet!, That the President is directed
to take such proper measures as maybe necessary to ob-
tain the earliest exchange of prisoners at all times during
the continuance of the war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
will be received informally, to gd with the other
proposed amendments if the resolution shall be
recommitted.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. Let ua have the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Iowa to withdraw his motion, so that I
may offera motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
motion being received unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be re-
ccived except by unanimous consent.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. WADE. It cannot be received atall now.
Let us have the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I care nothing about it
myself. I only want toaccommodate my friends. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll on the motion to adjourn.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. Be-
fore the result was announced,
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask one ques-
tion: whether the Senator who made this motion
desires to speak on this subject?
Mr. HARLAN. I expected to address the
Senate for a short time; but I can go on to-night
if such be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the delay proposed
will be ernnted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the usual courtesy
ought to be extended to the Senator from Iowa, if
| he desires time. 1 change my vote to the Affirm-
I ative.
