1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. SUMNER. Is the motion of the Senator
from Oregon the proper motion to be made in
order to accomplish his purpose? As I under-
stand, he moves an amendment to the bill.
%Mr, NESMITH. No; this is an instruction
to the committee. If the Senate concur in this
instruction, the question will all be settled. That
is the point for the Senate to determine, whether
we will instruct the committee. With this in-
struction adopted by the Senate, all grounds of
difficulty will be removed and the committee of
conference can make a report to the two Houses.
Mr. CLARK. The difficulty is that after the
very emphatic expression of the Senate three
several times, the committee did not feel at liberty
to depart from that action without instruction from
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I understand the com-
mittee do not make a final report now.
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; the motion is recom-
mitted with instructions.
Mr. SUMNER. U seems to me that is very
proper, and i hope it will prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
instruction.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. JOHNSON, is the effect of that instruc-
tion to authorize the House to disregard, except
under the particular circumstances of this case,
the act of Congress of 183d?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will repeal the act of
Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to know whether it
repeals the act of Congress altogether, or whether
it repeals it so far as this particular appropriation
is concerned.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not do either.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; it does not do either as
I see. There aie circumstances connected with
this matter—as I collect from what 1 have seen in
the debates in the other House, and to which, 1
suppose, it is proper to advert—that have induced
the House to think that somehow or other they
are obliged in point of honor to make this allow-
ance to their employ^-. 1 do not know but that
they were of opinion that there was nothing in
the act of Congress which prohibited it; but cer-
tainly they were of opinion that they had a right,
either with oragainst the act of Congress, to make
that appropriation, and they have steadily ad-
hered to it thionghout. What I should desire,
however, would be to have the difference between
the two Houses accommodated without its being
done in such a wayas to repeal the ptovisionsof
the act which has created the difficulty; and 1
therefore asked that that instruction should be
read, in order to ascertain whether it does repeal
or not the act of Congress except pro kac vice. I
will ask the honorable member who offered it
whether he proposes by that section that the
I louse may appropriate hereafter just as much as
they please out of their contingent fund.
Mr. NESM1TH. I suppose this amendment
only refers to the appropuation in the bill for the
next fiscal year. It will have no force beyond
that. It only applies to this single appropriation.
Mr. HUCKALEW. 1 doSjro to offer the fol-
lowing amendment as a substitute:
That the committee he aurhonzed to agjeo to n provision
for the payment ot twenty per rent, additional compensa-
tion to iho officers ol both Houses foi the jueserit session.
Mr. FOSTER, I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I see no objection to the instruc-
tion proposed by the honorable Senator from Or-
egon, for it goes upon the giound the House of
Representatives need an addition to their contin-
gent fund; and if they do, I do not think the Sun-
ate should stand in the way of a sufficient appro-
priation to provide the necessary amount. That
is all that the instruction to the committee will do.
There will be time enough to meet other exigen-
cies when they arise, ii* the House undertake to
apply this money in the manner they have at for-
mer sessions, we shall be in the same condition,
aw between the two Houses, that we are in now;
for this money cannot, by law, be applied to the
increase of the salaries of the employes of the
House. Still, that is a matter which we neefl not
anticipate, i should be entirely in favor of agree-
ing to the proposition and giving the instruction
to the committee which is suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon, j'f'it goes as i under-
tsiand it, simply upon the ground that the House
mxti an addition to their piesent contingent fund
to meet theif ordinary legal expenses; and if so,
certainly we ought in right and justice to vote it.
Mr. HALE. The suggestions of the Senator
from Connecticut would be very well if we did
not all know better; if we did not know that it is
to meet expenses that are illegal and that are ex-
pressly prohibited by law, and upon which the
Senate have already voted three times.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
as 1 understand it, this money cannot be appro-
priated for such a purpose, because by law neither
House can use its contingent fund to pay an in-
crease of salary to theiremploygs. The addition
of $40,000 to the contingent fund of either House
for their legal contingent expenses will not alter
that law at all, as I view it. The honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire may, of course, under-
stand it differently,and his may be the better judg-
ment, but I submit the increase of the amount of
the contingent fund will not authorize either House
to apply it otherwise than as by law they may
now apply it. That is the point 1 make; and that,
it seems to me, is all there is now involved.
Mi. HALE. Thatis all true; every word of it.
Mr. FOSTER. And (if the Senator in his
couitesy will allow me one word more) if the
House under,,ike to apply this money to the pay-
ment of their employes the additional sums which
they have previously attempted to pay them, the
accounting officers of the Treasury will not pay it.
Mr. HALE. In other words, the Senate will
expect a single accounting officer of the Treasury
to maintain the standard of public virtue and pub-
lic law after the Senate has caved in. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. Not at all; there is no caving
in about this.
Mr. HALE. Every word the Senator has said
is true; but still it does not alter the case. I shall
vote " no."
Mr. SUMNER, if the argument of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is correct, will not the
Senate vote for this proposition with one under-
standing of its meaning and the House vote for
it with another undeis'andmg? Wiiere are the
two blanches then ? In disagieement always, it
seems to me this question ought to be settled on
grounds which both accept in the same sense.
Mr. FOSTER. The accounting officers will
settle that.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate r says the account-
ing officers will settle that. It strikes me we ought
not j.o go fbrwaid and make a question for the
accounting officers. Let us make our legislation
so that it shall not be construed in a double sense.
Mr. CLARK. I desire that this matter shall
be understood fully, frankly, and faaly by the
Senate. I have not the least doubt in the world
that this resolution is diawn for the very purpose
of meeting the case of the House employes. We
may as welt understand it.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator will permit*
me, it was so stated by the House committee.
Mr. CLARK. I am not at liberty to state what
was said in the committee, butl can state that my
understanding is that the resolution was drawn
for that purpose, and if the Senator from Con-
necticut will pay careful attention to the reading
of it, I think he will see a reason for coming to
the same conclusion. It is an appropriation of
$43,000 to the contingent fund of the House, to
be paid out according to a resolution of the House.
The House have passed a resolution that it shall
be for the additional compensation of their em-
ployes; and in my judgment the accounting offi-
cer of the Treasury will pay it.
Mr. HOWE. Is that the language?
Mr. CLARK. That is the language according
to the resolution. °
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the substitute moved by the Senator from
Pennsy Ivama.
Mr. CI, ARK. I understand what the question
is precisely; but I desire that the Senate shall not
turn its attention from what I understand to be
fully and frankly the intention of the resolution.
As to the other matter, the amendment moved by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, I hope it will not
be agreed to; for if it was wrong, as the Senate
pronounced three times over, for the House to
pay its employes an additional twenty percent.,
it would be equally wrong for the Senate to do it;
and it we arc obliged to yield this point to the
House to save the legislative bill, to save the de-
ficiency bill, yea, tQ save the Government, let us [
not do it by a wrong on our own part, voting our
own employes the same amount.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me this is a very
clear question, and we might as well ^ook it in
the face. The House want $40,000, contrary to
law, to appropriate to their employes. We have
resisted it until it is obvious that resistance is in
vain.
Mr. FOSTER. Not quite.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, it comes to this: we
shall lose the appropriation bill if-we do not yield.
Mr. FOSTER. That remains to be seen.
Mr. MORRILL. That is pretty apparent. I
take it for granted that the House have persisted,
intend to insist, admitting it to be illegal. I am
going to vote for it under duress; but I prefer to
vote it directly. Why not concur directly with
the amendment of the House, naming it? Why
all this thimble-rigging and this indirection?
Why not say that the House put the point di-
rectly to us, " We want §40,000; you must yield,
or the Government stops; we will not pay the
soldiers; we will not perform our duty to the
Government?" All argument on the subject has
been in vain for the last four or five weeks, and
the end will prove so undoubtedly; and upon the
confession that that is all there is in it. I am go-
ing to vote for it under duress, but I prefer to
vote for it direct as the House put it; to concur
with the amendment of the House.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
Senator wherein will it be an evasion if we agree
to the resolution of the Senator from Oregon? I
do not understand why it will be an evasion.
Mr. MOPcRlLL. 1 will answer the Senator
from California. I say the appropriation of the
$40,000 by the House was an evasion; not that
it would be an evasion if we assent to it.
Mr. FARWELL. I do not know but that I
shall regret it if a majority of the Senate vote for
this resolution. I shall voteagmnst it. I believe
that the independence of the two branches of Con-
gress is of more importance than the defeat of the
deficiency bill. I believe it would be better for
the country and more to the honor of Congress
if the President should be compelled to call Con-
gress together again, and theexpenseof it be paid
from the Treasury, than that the independence of
either branch should be stricken down and de-
stroyed. The theory of our Government is that
the two branches are independent branches; that
the assent of each branch of Congress shall be
given to every measure. Here comes a measure
to us which has not our assent. If we should
attach an appropriation as an amendment to an
appropriation bill originating in the otherHouse,
to which we could not get the willing consent of
that House, I should be ashamed of myself to
insist upon that appropriation, and to force it
through upon the ground that we would stop the
wheels of Government unless they yielded their
judgments to us. Now, shall the House of Rep-
resentatives, the popular branch of this Govern-
ment, say to this Senate, " Unless you yield your
judgment we will stop the wheels of Govern-
ment?" If they do that, I shall feel glad that I
am not to be a member of Congress more than
three days more. If the thing were reversed,
although I might believe it was right, and my
piide might concur,! would not stand as the ma-
jority of that House stand; and as one member
of this Senate I shall vote against yielding this
point. "
Mr. MORRILL. If it is in order, I move that
the Senate recede and concur with the House on
this amendment.
Mr. HALE. I am as unfortunately situated
as my friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill] with
legaid to this matter. I am going to vote under
duress; but it is a duress that was devolved upon
me when I took an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States. That holds me
in duress and prevents me from voting for this
measure which is insisted upon by the House.
Sir, this is one of the cases in which the wisdom of
the framersof the Constitution is manifested, and
if this body give up their own clear convictions
expressed over and over again, almost unani-
mously, on a question of expediency, it seems
to me the object of the framers of the Constitution
in making two branches of the legislature of the
Government of this country will be defeated and
destioyed. Here is a proposition which more
than nine tenths of the Senate believe to be wrong.
