462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
consent to be reported this day, it being a public
bill.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGIIT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate
bill No. 363, to amend the charter of the Washing-
ton Gas-Light Company.
The bill was read. It repeals so much of the
acts of June 25, I860, and July 11, 1862, as relate
to the price of gas furnished by the Washington
Gas-Light Company, and amends the act incor-
porating the Washington Gas-Light Company so
as to prohibit the said company from receiving,
on and after the 1st'of December, 1864, for the
benefit of its stockholders, a greater price for gas
than forty cents per hundred cubic feet, subject
to a discount of ten per cent, on all bills for gas
furnished to the General Government, and of five
per cent, on all bills for gas furnished to other
consumers, if paid at the office of the company
■within seven days after the rendition thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isthatapri-
vale bill?
The SPEAKER. It is, according to the usage
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it will
not be passed on now.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow the bill to pass. I am sure that
if he investigated the facts, he would not object.
The stock of the company has been reduced, as
Z understand, from above par to twenty-three per
cent, j and the company is losing from five to six
thousand dollars a month,and will be compelled,
inevitably, to close up its business unless tins bill
be passed. "1 know of some gentlemen who have
invested their savings for years in the stock of
this company, and who will lose their investment
if the bill be not passed. I donot think that this
is an overgrown, plethoric corporation, or one
that should be regarded with any vindictive feel-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to have
the bill put upon its passage; and after submit-
ting a few remarks, I will move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not insist upon the call for the
previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I withdraw the
call for the previous question, and yield to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DAWES addressed the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to.
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
for one moment, while I examine the provisions
of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I think, Mr. Speaker, that if
my fiiend from Illinois would examine the merits
of this case he would withdiaw his objection to
this bill. I am sure that at the last session 1 was
quite as much prejudiced against this measure as
the gentleman appears to be; and it is only after
.some patient, and I believe thorough and impar-
tial, examination of the merits of the case, that I
have come to the conclusion that we did injustice
to this company last year by refusing to pass this
or a similar bill. I believe tlmt any one who will
fairly investigate the matter will be convinced that
the present charter of this company limits the
price of gas below the rate at which it is possible
for them at this time to manufacture and distribute
it about this city. I do think that this company
are not now asking anything unreasonable in
seeking legislation that will allow them to charge
a remunerative price for the gas which they man-
ufacture.
I do not know anything about the provisions
of this bill in detail. I assume that the purpose
of the bill is simply to remove the restriction now
contained in the charter of this company upon
the price of gas. Now, sir, I do not think it
reasonable to make a discrimination against this
company, and compel them to manufacture gas
at a rate below that for which it can be manu-
factured elsewhere. I cannot understand why
this company should not be permitted to raise the
price of the article, when all the materials used
in its manufacture have greatly advanced in cost.
I do notsee anyjusticein legislation which would
prevent an advance in price proportionate to the
increased cost of manufacture.
It is certainly proper that we should retain our
control over this company, so that they may not
be-allowed to raise the price of gas beyond a rate
which would give a fairly remunerative compen-
sation to the stockholders. But to keep the lim-
itation of price at the same point at which it was
fixed before the war must obviously be to every
candid mind manifestly unjust. There is no
article of consumption in this country that has not
risen in price since the war began. The price of
many things has doubled, and the price of some
has trebled or quadrupled. I do not understand
why we should refuse to this company permis-
sion to raise the price of the gas which they fur-
nish, in proportion to the cost of everything else.
If there should be, in the details of the bill,
anythingobjectionable, I will cheerfully cooperate
with my friend from Illinois in strictly guarding
the rights of the public. But unless he can spe-
cify some objectionable feature, he should not, I
submit, oppose this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the argument made by my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] in favor of this bill would,
in its legitimate application, reach far beyond this
case. If we commcnce on this system we may
as well go through and raise our own salaries and
those of all the officers of the Government. That
is what the argument amounts to.
Now, sir, if this bill is to be passed, I propose
to offer some amendments, in which I have no
doubt the House will concur.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask my friend from
Illinois a question: does ho desire to compel this
company to manufacture gas for less than its
cost ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that I have any particular desire about it
one way or the other.
Mr. DAWES. I submit to my friend that he
ought to have.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This com-
pany can stop making gas at any time they please,
and we can (all back on kerosene, thus encourag-
ing the great petroleum interest of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. We can make gas a great
deal cheaper than they can.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And not
quite so good either, bad as this may be.
Now, sir, 1 do nnt understand from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] or the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,] that,
before the recent rise in the materials for the man-
ufacture of gas, this company svas not a paying
institution; and I trust that if this bili be passed
at all, it will be passed with the limitation which
we have placed on all such bills, that at a given
time hereafter the company shall go back to its
present status. But in the mean time 1 ask the
Clerk to read from the Washington Chronicle
of to-day a communication winch represents the
feelings of the people of the city of Washington,
who are paying for this gas.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I do not think
that we should have read here against this bill an
anonymous communication from an irresponsible
source.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
can take it for what it is worth. I ask the Clerk
to read it as part of my speech.
The Clerk read, as follows:
moiu: bad oas.
To the Editor of the Chronicle :
For-sovt'iiil d:iy-the miserable stuff palmed off on thw city
mid the Government by the Washington Gas-Light Com-
pany, which they call k*kgae," lias been ot sucli a noxious
character as will most certainly pioduce a pestilence uti-
les* the evil be speedily remedied. Some of our citizens
wore obliged, on Sunday evening, to vacate their rooms on
lighting up," and resort to kerosene and candles lor light.
In the city post office, where they are obliged to burn moie
or less gas day and night, the btench was indeed most hor-
rible.
Had this be.en the first time this nuisance has been in-
flicted upon us, we would have taken the apology 01' the
company, and us published promises to do better in luture,
as sufficient, and lemamed Mlent; butthesepiomiseshave
been biokcn time and again, and now that point has been
reached " where (orbeaiance center to lie a virtue," and
when duty as public journalists and a proper regard lor the
health 01' the people of this metropolis require us to speak
out.
The company is now asking authority from Congress to
increase the puce of gas about fifty per cent. This reminds
us of the fctoiy of the " Frenchman and the poker,'' and of
the stanza of Burns, in his famous lytic of " Death and
Dr. Hornbook," where "Death" is lamenting that his
power to kill had been uauiped by the doctor, who, al-
though hn dispenses such nostiums a*? result iu sendinghis
patients to their " lang hame," takes good care that he is
" weel paid" for his prescriptions. Death is made to say:
" That's just a swatch o' Hornhook's way;
Thus goes' he on from day to day;
Thus "does he poison, kill, an* &lay,
An's weel paid for't;
Yet stops me o' my lawfu' prey
* VVi' his d—d dirt."
Now, we object, in the first place, to taking poison, but
if compelled to swallow the dose, we enter our solemn
protest against paying two prices to any individual or cor-
poration that has the power to force down our throats the
fatal prescription.
This company has a perfect monopoly of gas in this city,
and manages to prevent the introduction of other gas by an
organized opposition to the chartering of any other com-
pany on just and equitable principles. We are, therefore,
compelled to use whatever it thinks proper to furnish, or
go without light. In other cities such things would not ex-
ist a single day. Why cannot Washington be relieved from
the oppression as well as if it were located fuither north?
It remains for Congress to decide,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
add the following proviso to the bill, and on that
amendment demanded the previous question:
Provided, That the provisions of this bill shall not be
extended beyond the 1st day of July, 1866.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, I hope that the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
mcnt allows the operation of the bill to the 1st
day of July, 1866, one year and a half, and by
that time we hope that the -cost of materials will
go down so that the'eompany can go on as for-
merly.
Mr. KERNAN. I wish to puta question. If
the amendment is adopted will not the company
be entirely unrestucted as to the priceof gas after
the 1st of July, 1866?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to offer another amendment to cure that objec-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. 1 see that this bill refers back
to the month of December last. Now, is it in-
tended that we shall pay this additional price
from December last, or only from the passage of
this act?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The bills up to
January have all been paid.
Mr. WILSON. Then that part of the bill
ought to be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I now demand
the previous question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
New York, having reported the bill, was entitled
to the floor to close the debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, the
bill which is now presented before the House is
entitled to the fair, candid, and just consideration
of members. It is not, us alleged by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] a monop-
oly that we desire to benefit; it is simply to do
an act of justice, as this body with the Senate is
the legislature for the District of Columbia, and
to which all interests here must appeal for aid
and protection.
In the year 1860, before the war broke out, by
the laws of Congress the gas company, for furnish-
ing gas to the city and the District, was author-
ized to charge $3 50 per thousand feet. That was
when coal was five dollais a ton, when labor was
one dollar a day, and when all the materials which
went toward the production ofgas were far lower
in price than they are to-day. They have ad-
vanced since 1860 nearly three hundred percent.
In 1861 Congress reduced the price of gas some-
what. We find that coal has been advancing,
labor has been advancing,and that iron and lime
and everything consumed by this company have
been advancing in price, so that the compensa-
tion which this company is entitled to receive,
under the laws of the United States, for gas fur-
nished to the Government and citizens of this
District, will not pay the cost of production.
And this is without reference to taxes, the capi-
tal invested, and the salaries paid to thoseengaged
in the management of the corporation.
I beg leave to call the attention of the House
to the fact that in 1662 coal was selling in this
city to this company at $8 50 per ton, and to-day
it costs §16 50 per ton at the yard of the com-
pany. Labor, too, hasgone up to twenty shillings
per day. Iron has gone up from one and a half
cent per pound to four cents per pound, and so
on with reference to all the other materials which
enter into the production of gas. The advance
