1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
Mr. NYE. 1 should like to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin who has this matter in
charge in which State, Nevada or Oregon, are
there the most Indians. Here is an appropria-
tion of $45,000 to Oregon for incidental and trav-
eling expenses, and to Nevada nothing is appro-
priated. I think Nevada contains more Indians
in her territory than Oregon, and I should like
to know the reason for this difference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator how
he can get a larger appropriation for Nevada. If
he will divide Nevada into two States he will get
the same appropriation for each that is now given
to Nevada. For instance, Idaho has been divided
into Idaho and Montana. We formerly appro-
priated $20,000 for Idaho, and now we have ap-
propriated $20,000 for Idaho and $20,000 for Mon-
tana. If the Senator will allow his State to be
divided he will get twice $20,000; and I do not
know of any other way.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator will excuse mc,we
do not propose to divide it. Wepiopose to add to
it; and then we should not get any more, I sup-
pose. If Oregon is a little larger than Nevada, I
do not sec why she should have twice as much
appropriation for the same service; neither do I
propose to ask any more for Nevada.
Mr. NESMITH. If it is a matter of any
interest to the Senator from Nevada to under-
stand why the appropriations in Oregon are larger
than in Nevada, or the reason for the amount of
the appropriations embraced in this bill, I can
state it very briefly. I do not know as to the
comparative number of Indians in Oregon and
Nevada. I know that there is quite a distinction
as to the characteristics of the Indians inhabit-
ing the two States. Those in Nevada have not
been driven from their usual fishing places and
hunting grounds, and their appropriation of the
country occupied by an agricultural population,
and consequently the Indians in Nevada have
not been disturbed. They live there in a sterile
country and get the usual amount of bugs, grass-
hoppers, crickets, and perennial grasses, upon
which they feed; and their condition has not
been disturbed. They have had no such wars
there as we have had in Oregon. I think they
have had but one or two. The wars in Oregon
have grown out of the occupation of the agricul-
tural lands and the possession of the fisheries,
together with other circumstances; and it is ne-
cessary, in order to protect the settlers there, to
collect the Indians upon large reservations, where
they are being partially supported by the Gov-
ernment and being civilized; at least, the Gov-
ermneutis making efforts in thatdirection. Con-
sequently there is a necessity for a greater amount
of money there than has been spent heretofore in
pioteetmg and providing for the Indians who have
not been assembled upon reservations. The Sen-
ator from Nevada of course knows more about
the necessity of their being sent into reservations
there than I do. It is a matter of necessity with
us in Oregon. We cannot permit the Indiana to
roam at large through the countiy; and the con-
sequence of that condition of affairs has been
that we have jiad two or three exterminating wars
in (hat country. The Government has adopted
the policy of assembling the Indians in reserva-
tions, some of them under treaty stipulations
and some of them without, and in order to main-
tain peace in the country these appropriations are
made. That is the only reason that I know of
for the distinction between Oregon and Nevada
in the appropriations.
Mr. NYE. I do not desire to be captious about
this matter, but I see unusual provisions applied
to this appropriation for Oregon and Washington
that are not applied to any other State that is
quite as much exposed; as, for instance, insur-
ance, transportation of annuity goods, &c. We
have annuity goods to transport in the State of
Nevada, but we are required to pay for it out of
this general appropriation of $£25,000.
The Senator from Oregon is quite mistaken in
one thing. There is perhaps no State or Terri-
tory in this Union where greater havoc has been
made upon the meansof living and subsistence of
the Indians than in the State of Nevada. Their
principal item of subsistence was what is called
the pine nut, and the miners have cut down all
the trees of that character in the localities where
they formerly resided, and hence that portion of
their subsistence is taken away. Ail I desire is
that there shall be some equality in regard to these
Indian appropriations.
I see also quite a striking inequality in regard
to the appropriations for the State of California.
Nevada has more Indians within her borders than
the State of California, and yet her appropria-
tions—1 speak without examining them closely—
are not half as much. The Indians of California
can be sustained much cheaper than the Indians
of Nevada. They live in a productive country, and
where, if they have to purchase provisions, they
are far cheaper than they are in Nevada; for we
have to purchase ours and draw them from Cali-
fornia to Nevada to feed them, and I think that is
somewhat so in Oregon. I desire that there shall
be at least a fair quality in these Indian appropria-
tions. We have treaties to carry out in the State
of Nevada with the Shoshonee Indians that were
made last year by the superintendent of Indian
affairs of Utah and the superintendent of Indian
affairs of Nevada, and yet I see no provision here
in this bill for those treaties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The appropriation is con-
tained in the part of the bill which has not been
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that there is no motion
pending.
Mr. INYE. I asked the question for informa-
tion, because if there is any good reason existing
for it 1 do not propose to make a motion; but if
there is not, I shall feel bound to make a motion
to ascertain the reason of this inequality.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 46 the honora-
ble Senator from Nevada will see the appropria-
tions that are made to pay the Shoshonees, Doth
the eastern and northwestern and the Goship
bands of Shoshonees. Although no motion is
pending, 1 desire to say a singie word to my friend
from Nevada. Owing to his good judgment, and
the good judgment of his friend associated with
him, who is superintendent of Indian affairs of
Utah, in the negotiation of the treaties in Nevada,
the provisions of those treaties were wiser and
better, 1 think, both for the Indiana and for the
Government of the United Slates, than many of
the old treaties that were negotiated years ago in
Oregon. At ail events, the annuities that are to
be provided for under the treaties made with the
Indians of Nevada are not as large as they were
made in Oregon and Washington Territories.
The Indians are a different kind of Indians, liv-
ing in a different country. But, sir, I will not
take up time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be proceeded with.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of the bill the following:
Chippewas of the Mississippi and Pillagers and Lake
Winnebago*hi h bands of Chippewa Indians in Minne-
sota.
Foj this amount to be applied in payment toward the
.settlement of elaims for d< piedatioris committed by Mid
Indians in 1862, per third ai hole of the tieaty, May 7, J864,
lor the piescnt fiscal year, $20,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Befoie this amendment is
adopted 1 wish to make an inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I have
been told that, since this amendment has been
reported by the Committee on Finance, there is
an amendment to these treaties which has notyet
been concnned in bv the Indiana. Is that so?
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I believe there was an
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I allude to the treaty with
the Pillagers and Lake Winnebagoshish bands
of Chippewas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The only amendment to
the treaty was an amendment authorizing cei tain
portions of one of the bands at Sand Lake to re-
main there until the President should direct or fix
the time when they should remove. It was an
amendment entirely for the benefit of the Indians,
and was put in at the instance of a delegation of
Indians who were here at the time. They have
assented to it as I am informed by the Depart-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of the bill the following:
For tints amount to be paid to the chiefs of the Missis- :
sippi upon the ratification of tins treaty, per thud aiticle
treaty, May 7, 3864, for the pie&ent fi.-cal year, $10,000.
For this amount to be paid to tliecliief Hole-m-the-Day
for depredations committed in burning bis house and fui-
niture in 1862, per third article treaty,May 7,1864, for the
present fiscal year, $5,000.
For clearing, stamping, giubbing, breaking, and planting
on the reservation hereby set apart for the Chippewas of
Mississippi, m lots of not icss than ten acres each for the
five bands of Indians, per fourth article of treaty, May 7,
1864, for the pie&eiu fi>ca! yeai, $7,600*
For this amount to be expended in building for each of
the chiefs of the five bands of the Chippewas of Missis-
sippi^ provided for in the fourth article of the treaty ofMay
7, 1804, one iiouse each, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Intenoi, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, §5,000.
For fu t of ten installments to furnish said Indians with
ten yoke of good work oxen, twenty k>g-ehains? two hun-
dred grubbing hoes, ton plows, two grmdhtomis, one hun-
dred axes, handled, twenty spades, and other farming
implement, per fifth article treaty, May 7,1864, tor the
present fiscal yeai, $1,500.
For the t^aine object for the fiscal year endrngJune 30,
18G6, $1,500.
For the employment of two carpenters, $1,800, and two
blacksmiths*, $1,800 j lour farin labmers, $2,400; one phy-
sician, $1,200, and medicine lor sick, $500, per fifth arti-
cle ueatv, May 7, 1884, for the piesent fiscal year, $7,700.
For the wine object for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, $7,700.
For this amount to be applied toward the support of a
saw-miil to be built for the common ute of the Chippewas
of Missibbippi, and the Red Lake and Pembina bands of
Chippewas, so long as the President may deem it neces-
saiy, per sixth article treaty, May 7, 1864, for the present
fiscal year, $i,0U0.
Forsaine object for the fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1866,
$1,000.
For this amount to be expended in building a road,
bridges, &c., to their new agency, per MAtlj article treaty,
Mav 7, 1864, for the pirsent fiscal year, $7,500.
For new agency buildings to be located by the Secretary
of the lutcrio'i loi the common use of the Chippewas of
Mississippi. Red Lake, and Pembina, and Pillagers, and
Lake Winnebagosh^h bands of Chippewa Indians, per
sixth aiticle treaty, May 7, 1864, for the fiscal year ending
Juue 30, ]866, $25,000.
For pay of sei vices and traveling expenses of a board of
visnois, to eom-ij-t of notmore than five persons, to attend
the aummy payments to the Indians, &e., and to inspect
the fields, building-!, mills, and other improvements as .stip-
ulated in tiieseveiiih article tieaty May 7,1864, not exceed-
ing any one yeai more than twenty clays' service, at five
dollar pei day, oi mine than three bundled miles navel, at
ten cents per mile, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1866,
$6.50.
For expenses of the removal of eleven hundred Chippe-
was, ot Mississippi, to their new home*, per twelfth article
tieaty May 7,1864, at ten do]bus each poison, for the fiscal
yeai ending Jane 30, 18GG, ,$11,000.
For the expenses of Mib&iotenec of eleven hundred Chip-
pewa^, of tiie Mississippi, jor six months, at their new
homes, at thirty-eight cents per day for each peison, por
twelfth aiticle tieaty May 7,1864, foi the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1866, $75,210.
For transportation of subsistence for Indians, for six
months, to then new homes, per twelfth aiticle treaty May
7, 1S6-1, being four hundred and thirt3'-fivc thousand six
hundred pounds pork and flour, in packages, at seven cents
per pound, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1866, $30,492.
For the payment of female teachers employed on the res-
ervation to instinct Indian girls in dome-tie eermomy, per
tlnrteenih aiticle tieaty May 7,1864, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1806, $l,0u0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 51, line twelve
hundred and forty-three, after the word " sixty-
five,"! move to inset i the words44 of the Cherokee
national fund,"for the purpose of identifying the
appropriation; so that the clause will read:
Foi payment of interest on $68,000, abstracted bonds, for
the lineal year ending June 30, 1865, of the Cherokee na-
tional fund, $4,080.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 53, after line
twelve hundred and ninety-six, I move to insert
the following:
To enable the ag"jnt of the Yancton Sioux to restore to
the friendly membeis ot said tube the goods and propeity
and ptovKions taken Irom them by tne troops of the United
States, $10,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like an explanation
of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. WhcnSulIy'sexpedition
went West, making.this grand expedition of
which \\ e have road so much, and which has cr>st
the Government from fifteen to twenty million
dollars at the least, they passed in the neighbor-
hood of the Yancton Sioux agency, who are
friendly Indians, and the soldieis and those con-
nected with the expedition took from these Yanc-
ton Sioux the provisions, &c., &c., which they
had raised,and which were necessary to their own
support. The agent reports these facts to the De-
partment, and the Secretary of the Interior recom~
mends the appropriation. If the Senator from
Ohio could read this report he would be satisfied*
and he would laise no question as to the propriety
of this appiopriution.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the date ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The report is a very Iat&
