THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
Samuel P. Miller, Daniel Morris, Norton, Odell, Orth,
iPfvtfcersonrPerham, James S. Rollins, Sloan, Spalding,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Vaii Vaikenburgh, Wadsworth,
and Ehhn i3. VVashhurne—36.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Ames, Ancona,
Anderson, iiady, John D. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Blow,
ISoyd, Brooinali, James S. Brown, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox,
jCresweli,-Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Deirung, Denison, Dixon, Driggs, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, EJiot, Finck, Ganson, Garfield, Goooh, Grider,
GriswoJd, Cliaries M. Harris, Herrick, Higby, Hooper,
Asahei W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Jenckes, Plulip
Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, Keliey,
Keman, King, Knox, Law, Lazear, Le Biond, Loan,
Long, Longyear, Mallory, Marvin, McCIurg, McDowell,
William H. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, James It. Morris,
Morrison, Leonard Myerss, Nelson, Noble, Charles O'Neill,
John O'NeiH, Pendleton, Prwyn, William H. Randall, Alex-
anderll. Rice,)iobinson, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins,Ross,
Shahnon, Smith, Smithers, Starr, Johu B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steeie, Stevens, Stiles, Stuart, Swe.it, Thayer,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Wheeier.Jo-
sepli W. White, Williams, Wilson, Windom, Winfield,
Fernando Wood, and Woodbridge-—103.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. William J. Allen, Allison,
Blaine, Brandegee, Brooks, Coffroth, Dumont, English,
Grinned, Hale, flail, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, IIul-
burd, Hutchins, Kasson, Knapp,Littlejolm, Marcy. MeAi-
lister, Mclndoe, McKinney, Middleton. Amos Myers,
lJerry, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
John H. Bice, Schenek, Scofield, Scott, Strouse, To# n-
send, Voorhees, Ward, Cinlton A. White, Wilder, Benja-
min Wood, Worthington, and Ycaman—43.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bili was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question Was seconded, and thfe
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged motion. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. ASHLEY, i ask the gentleman to allow
me one moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. ASHLEY. I want to make a proposition
that the House meet to-morrow for general de-
bate.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it be de-
sired that there shall be a session to-morrow for
debate, with the understanding that no business
shall be done, I withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
suggests that to-morrow be set apart for debate
on the pending constitutional amendment only,
and that no business shall be transacted. Is there
objection?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY. I hope not. There are a
number of young members here who have pre-
pared speeches,and who desire an opportunity to
deliver them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Well, in
that case, I withdraw the objection.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Does the gentleman
propose that debate shall be closed to-morrow?
Mr. ASHLEY. Oh no.
No further objection 'was made, and it was
ordered accordingly.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr, HALE. Then I move fo proceed to the
consideration of private business on the Speak-
er's table; so that the bills to which there shall
be objection shall be referred, and that those to
which there shall be no objection may be put upon
their passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the proper motion would be to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. On Fridays and Saturdays
the motion to proceed to private business on the
Speaker's table takes precedence of the other
motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Hale's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act(H. R. No. 709) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1865, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorporate the
inhabitants of the city of Washington,fi passed
May 15, 1820, approved May 5, 1864; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
MARY SCALES ACCARDI.
The first private bill on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of
Mary Scales Accardi; the question being on the
following amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the words " with the date of the
docease of her husband," and insert " July 1,
1862;" so that it will read:
Place the name of Mary Scales Accardi, the widow of
Salvador Accardi,upon the roll of widows ofinvalid pen-
sioners, and that slie be paid a pension, at the rate of six
dollars per month, commencing with July 1, 1862.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HALE moved to rcconsidcr the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table
was an act (H. R. No. 622) to amend an act en-
titled an act to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, in the District of Columbia, ap-
proved July 1, 1864; the question being on the
Senate amendment to strike out" ten" and in-
sert "thirty;" so that it will read 44 that the line
from Seventeenth street to the Capitol shall be
completed, equipped, and running, within thirty
days from the passage of this act."
The amendment was concurred in.
POTOMAC FERRY RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table
was an act (H. II. No. 186) to incorporate the
Baltimore and Washington Depot and Potomac
Railroad Company, with amendments by the
Senate.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the Senate
amendments be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
ISAAC R. DILLER.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table
was an act (Ii. R. No. 94) for the relief of Isaac
R. Diller; the question being on the amendments
of the Senate reducing the appropriation from
$3,655 55 to $3,000.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REUBEN CLOUGII.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table was
an act (H. It. No. 316) for the relief of Reuben
Clough; the question being on an amendment by
the Senate.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that the amendment
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
REBECCA S. HARRISON".
The nextprivate bill on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 347) for the relief of Rebecca S.
Harrison.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCIIA.
The nextprivate bill on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 281) for the relief of Alexander J.
Atocha.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
EDMUND S. ZKVELEr.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table
was an act (S.No, 395) for the relief of Edmund
S. Zeveley.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
SPENCER AND HUBBARD.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 136) for the relief of A. T
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
HENRY A. BRIGHAM.
The next private bill on the Speaker's table,
was the bill (S. No. 212) for the relief of Henry
A. Brigham.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to pay to Henry A. Brigham $2,000,
being the amount of his check drawn in favor of
the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York, on the 7th of November, 1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. This is an appropriation
bill, and if any member objects, must be consid-
ered first in the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to its consideration
now, and move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I should like to explain
the circumstances connected with this bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House, it having been referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims on the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman/) The gentleman can
make his statement by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. The reference of the bill is
simply in accordance with the usual practice. The
amount proposed to be appropriated is considera-
ble.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I am sure that the House
w*uld not hesitate to pass the bill if the circum-
stances were fully understood. But I will not
debate the measure now, if the gentleman from
Indiana desires that it shall be examined by the
Committee of Claims.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The nextprivate bill on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized and directed, in adjusting the accounts
of John Hastings, as collector of the customs at
the port of Pittsburg, to give him credit for
$9,956 62, the amount of the public money of
which he was robbed on the 10th of March, 1854,
while acting in the aforesaid capacity.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that. J
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate amendments
to a joint resolution (H. R. No. 99) "reserving
mineral lands from the operation of all acts passed
at the present session granting lands or extending
the time of former grants." 1 desire that the House
shall concur in the amendments, which are unim-
portant.
Mr. HALE. Will the matter give rise to de- *
bate ?
Mr. DRIGGS. No, sir.
There was no objection; and the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate; which were read, as follows:
Strike out the words " present session" and insert " first
session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress," and add to the
resolution " unless otherwise specially provided in the act
or acts making the grant;" so as to make the resolution
read :
"That no act passed at the first session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress granting lands to States or corporations
to aid in the construction of roads, and lor other purposes,
or to extend the time of grants heretofore made, shall be so
construed as to embrace mineral lands, which in ail cases
shall be and are reserved exclusively to the United Statea,
unless otherwise specially provided in the act or acts mak-
ing the grant."
Strike out in the title the words "present session" and
insert "first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] will ex-
plain this matter.
