1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WILSON, (at
fouro'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 28, 18G5.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D.,Chap-
lain to the Senate.
The Jo urnal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting;, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of June 17, 1864, a copy of the record of
the proceedings and findings of a naval general
court-martial in the case of C. W. Scofield,a naval
contractor; which was ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE BILLS ItEFEllRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives, were severally rend
twice bv their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 714) supplemental to the act
entitled "An net to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims,,5&c., passed July 4, 1804;
A joint resolution (Ii. 11. No. 150) to referjhe
claim of Selmar Seibert back to the Court of
Claims;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 151) to refer the
claim of George Ashley, admimstiator de bonis
non of Samuel Holgate, deceased, back to the
Court of Claims; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 152) to refer the
claim of Danlord JMott back to the Court of
Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of members
of the Senate of the State of Ohio, praying that
the rank and pay of the hospital stewards of the
United States Army may be increased to that of
brevet second lieutenant of artillery, to take rank
next after the graduates of the West Point Mili-
tary Academy, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of the
officers of the seventh and fourth regiments of
Rhode Island volunteer infantry, now serving be-
fore Petersburg, asking for an increase uf pay
corresponding with the price of all the ncccs-sanes
of life; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affair? and the Militia.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of citizens
of Rhode Island, prayingthat a fog signal capable
of being heard two ortinee miles from the shore
be placed at Nayatt Point; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE. 1 ask leave to present the peti-
tion of E. R. Watlsworth and sundry other citi-
zens of Wisconsin, for the enactment of a general
bankrupt law. As I understand that subject has
been reported upon by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, i move that the petition lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohic?, praying for an amendment to the
Constitution of theUnited States recognizing the
Christian religion; which was referred to the se-
lect committee on slavery and the treatment of
freedmen.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the petition of four
hundred and twenty-five citizens of Petaluma,
Sonoma county, California, praying that Con-
gress may pass an act authouzmg the city ofPeta-
lumato enter at the pioper land office ail the lands
within the corporate limits of that city which may
be upon the lands of the United Stales recogniz-
ing the present official plat of that city, i also
present a map to accompany the petition; arid I
desire also to introduce a bill in accordance with
the request of the petition. I move that the peti-
tion with the map be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask my colleague
■whether that same subject is not now before the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no knowledge that it
is. This is a memorial of citizens of that city;
and I have no knowledge that the same question
is before Congress.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest whether the
subject had not better all be before the same com-
mittee.
Mr. CONNESS. I prefer to have itgo where
similar questions are now, to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
41G) to giant the rightofpreemption to the trustees
of the city of Petaluma, Sonoma county, Califor-
nia; which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NESMITIi asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
417) for the relief of Jean M. Lander, widow of
F. W. Lander, deceased; which was read twice by
its title, and, with the accompanying papers, re-
ferred to the Committee oil Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, feave to introduce a bill (S. No.
418) supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress," approved August 16, 1856; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the following resolu-
tion is before the Senate:
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of War be directed to an-
swer a resolution of the fcsenate, of December 22, 18U-1, m
the following wouls:
'• ]ia>oivctl, Tli.it the Secretary of War be dneeted to in-
form the Senate whether volunteer* lorthuty ami loi
one huiidted day* weio called I'm by oidei of hi-. Dep.ut-
ment at any time pieeedinj: ihe last t\\ o di.ui* in the Ht.ue
ol Delawaie, lioiu lli.U State, and, jf s o, lot what puipo-^.,
and under what authouty <>t law; whether mic!i volunteer
weie piomif-ed, as an inducement to volunteer, exemption
lroni s-aid dMUfj whether -aid volunteer weie exempted
' from «:ud diaits \\ hen they vohmieeied ; whethei they weie
kept within the limits of said Shite; and whether they
weie ps oniised, as a Juither inducement, to volunteer, that
they should not be. sent without the limits of *aid State, or
that ihey should not be employed in active service in the
field."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask that that He on the
table for the present. I have not seen the report
of the Secretary of War, m answer to the origi-
nal resolution, yet. It was notpnnted yesterday,
i The V ICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
I made.
1 BENJAMIN VREELAND.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it 10 in order, I move
that the Senate take up the bill for the relief of
Surgeon Vreeland, which was laid over the other
day at the suggestion of the Senator fiom New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who was not aware of
the general law on the subject, which I have since
found.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 412) for the relief of
Benjamin Vreeland, surgeon in the Navy of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that the al-
lowance made by this bill is the merest gratuity
in the world, it is not for any service rendered,
as I undeistand.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is for services rendered.
I explained the case when the bill was up the
other day, but perhaps the Senator does not ie-
member. This officer was sent to sea, and was
at sea at the time when he was entitled to be ex-
amined for his promotion, and when all the other
officers of his rank and of the same dare weie
examined, lie could not be examined of course
until he returned from sea. Then he was ex-
amined and passed; and on file with the papers
is a certificate of the board that he wouid have
passed at the time when he was entitled to his
examination if he could have had it, but he could
not have it because he was absent on service.
Now he asks for the pay of the advanced grade
from the time when he was entitled to his exam-
ination until the time when he passed it. A gen-
era! law has since been passed covering all such^
cases; I will read it; it is the sixteenth section of
the act of July 17, 1SG2:
ajlnl be it jwthcr oxadctU That whenever any officer of
the Navy, of a class subject by law or regulation to exam-
ination before piomotion to a higher giade, shall have been
absent on duty at the time when he should have been ex-
amined, ami shall have been found qualified at a subsequent
examination, the increased rate of pay to which lie may
be entitled shall be allowed to him from the date when lie
would have received it bad he been found qualified at the
time when his examination should have taken place."
The trouble is that this law is not retroactive.
This case occurred before the law was passed. '
There have been repeated instances of this kind,
and I believe the allowance has been made in every
case. The justice of itis very apparent. Other-
wise the officers who go abroad upon distant ser-
vice would bo placed under a positive disability
compared with those who get leave of absence and
remain at home.
Mr. MORRILL. Still I believe it is strictly
what I supposed it to be, a gratuity. This officer
got the pay of his rank; there is no doubt about
it; but being on foreign service he could not bo
examined for promotion to a superior rank at a
particular time, and therefore did not get the pay
of that rank from that time, but only from the
time he was actually examined. That was not
his fault, nor the fault of the Government; it was
simply the misfortune of the officer. It seems to
me this bill is establishing a very bad precedent.
If the absence was for a year or any number of
years the same principle would apply.
Mr. ANTHONY. The rule does apply; itis
a law; and the only reason why this case comes
here is that the law was not made retroactive.
Every other officer has this privilege, or this gra-
tuity, as the Senator calls it. I do not think it is
a gratuity, but it is a strict provision of law ever
since IS62, and previous to that time these appli-
cations wei e constantly made by officers, and were
always granted by Congress. 1 do not thinlc
theie ought to be an exception made in the ease
of this man.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely call the attention
of the Senate to the principle involved.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
bo engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Library have directed me to report a joint reso-
lution 111 relation to the publication of the papers
of James Madison, and I wish to have the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider the joint
resolution at the present time. I will state the
situation of the case. Congress passed an act di-
recting the Committee on the Library to publish
the correspondence of James Madison, and ap-
propriated,! think, $8,000 for the purpose. They
were to publish one thousand copies, which would
be four thousand volumes, as the work is to be
in four volumes. The committee entered into a
contract under the law. In the first place they
employed Mr. Rives, of Virginia, to make the
compilation, and the papers which had been pur-
chased of Mrs. Madison some years before were
put into the hands of Mr. Rives to make that
compilation. He did make the compilation and
returned the copy here, and was paid for his
work out of that appropriation $3,000. After the
copy was furnished by Mr. Rives, acontractwas
entered into with Mr. Wendell to make the pub-
lication, and Mr. Fendall, of this city, was ap-
pointed to prepare the index for the work and to
supervise the proof-sheets. The thing went on;
but the change of circumstances, the increase of
prices, &c., distuibed it, so that at last Mr. Wen-
dell failed altogether; he could not perform the
work, and he gave up the contract. We find that
we cannot get the work published to the amount
of one thousand copies or four thousand volumes
for the money in hand; but we are of opinion that
five hundred copies, two thousand volumes, will
be sufficient to enable Congress to make all the
distribution and exchanges that have been made
of the works of Mr. Xlamilton, and we can prob-
ably make a contiact securing the publication of
that number of copies for the money already on
hand at the present rate ot materials and labor.
The committee are of opinion that it is advisable
to finish it, and to receive the five hundred copies
instead of one thousand as originally provided by
law. This resolution is to carry that idea into
effect by authorizing the committee to contract
for live hundred copies instead of ono thousand.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 103) respecting
