THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 1865.
New Series.....Ko. 78.
1 " '' III"^MTT~ ,,MI II i.TnH
are all trespassers on their right, as they underh
stand, and it is a right that we have recognized
heretofore—not a right to the soil in fee simple,
but a right to the use and occupancy of the land.
Heretofore we have extinguished this claim of
theirs, which we have admitted to be valid, by
entering into a contract with them to abandon
certain portions of it for the use of white people
who may desire to settle near them. I under-
stand the Senator from Ohio proposes to prohibit
all treaties hereafter being made with any of the
Indian tribes. I desire consequently to be in-
formed by him by what process he will propose
hereafter to extinguish their supposed right to
the use of the lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to enter into
a discussion of this Indian question now; but my
own idea is that the control of Indian affairt
ought to be put on an entirely different basis*
thut they should begathered into reservations by
a general system; that in the States they should
be put under the State governments, leaving to
the State governments their regulation, and ifi
the Territories they should be put on reserva-
tions under some general system of discipline,
and they should be protected and defended for
the time being. I object to making treaties with
them, to treating these wandering Indian bandi
as independent Powers. 1 have no objection td
providing the necessary food and clothing, care,
maintenance, and nurture for them; I have no
objection to gathering them into reservations,;
but the idea of treatmgthem as independent na-
tions ought to have been abandoned years ago.
I believe that is the conclusion of nearly all those
who have had much experience in our Indian af-
fairs, and I believe it is the opinion ofthe honor-
able Senator himself. I object to continuing
treaty stipulations which are made sometimes
without reflection and without supervision, and
which we are compelled subsequently to carry
into execution, although the Indians themselves
disappear.
M r. HARLAN. The question is not as to the
pojjcy that ought to be adopted in relation to the
Indians. I have no doubt that their possessory
right ought to have been extinguished to a part
of the soil before the territorial governments were
organized. Unfortunately this was not done.
Congress in its wisdom proceeded to organize ter-
ritorial governments embracing the Indian lands
without first having extinguished their title. That
they ought to be gathered together on smaller
portions of land i believe is conceded by all.
How are they to be collected ? You have to treat
them as rational beings with volition, et as ani-
mals. You must either run them down and by
physical force collect and confine them on the
reservations, or you must induce them to go, per*
suade them to go, make them, believe that it is
their interest thus to abandon a part of their lands
and collect together on smaller tracts of country.
What are denominated treaties with the Indians
are nothing more nor less than bargains made by
the Government agents with the Indians tbatthe
Indians will abandon their supposed right to a
portion of the land and take something as a con-
sideration. I do not know of any other way of
accomplishing this end unless we attempt to run
them down by the employment of soldiers and
others as we run down wolves and other wild
animals. How can you induce them to go on
to these reservations voluntarily unless you make
them feel that it is their interest to go §How
can you make them feel that it is their interest
unless you treat them as voluntary agents, people
who have w^lls of their own, who must be con-
sulted in any arrangement of this kind ? If they
are to be consulted as to where they will go and
the part of their country they will abandon to the
occupancy of white people, and we do thus con-
sult them and write down the result of this un-
derstanding, it becomes in the common legal par-
lance of the country a treaty^with that particular
Indian tribe; and that is all there is of it. This
amendment proposes to make a small appropri-
ation to enable the proper agents of the Govern*
go to individuals, but goes to the administration
of the Government for the purpose of carrying
out a Government contract.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomis-
roy.) The Chair will take the sense of the Sen-
ate whether this amendment shall be received
under the rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered, and being taken
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Conness, Dixon,
Doolittle, Faiwell, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Lane of Kansas, McDnugall, Nesmith, Nye, Ram-
sey, Richardson, Kiddle, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle, Wilson,
and Wright—22.
NAVS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Grimes, Hale, Howe,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sprague, and YVilloy—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Cowan,
Davis, Harding, Harris, Howard, Johnson,Laneot Indiana,
Morgan, Powell, SauUbury, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilkinson—18.
So the Senate decided to receive the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move the follow-
ing amendment for the Shoshonees of Ruby val-
ley, to come in on page 46, after line eleven hun-
dred and thirteen:
Western bands of Shoshonees:
For the first of twenty installments in such articles, in-
cluding cattle for holding or other purposes, as the Presi-
dent shall deem suitable for their warns and condition
either as hunters or herdsmen, per seventh article of the
treaty of October 1,186U, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1865, §5,000.
For the second of twenty Installments for the same ob-
jects for the fiscal year ending June 3j, 1866, $3,000
Mr. SHERMAN. I should likea littleexpla-
nation. This is not included in the estimates.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that it was
by mistake omitted in the estimates. There were
four of these treaties; one with the eastern Sho-
shonees,one with the northwestern bands,one with
the western Shoshonees, and one with theGoship
bands of Shoshonees—treaties which were nego-
tiated by the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] in
association with the superintendent of Utah.
These items were not in the estimates, but the
Secretary of the Interior sent in a communication
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs with his
recommendation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following
amend mentfor the Territory of Montana, to come
in after line twelve hundred and eighty-four, on
page 53:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to negotiate a
treaty with the Black Foot and other tubes of Indians to
relinquish &o much of their reservation as lies south of the
Missouri river, $15,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that. Itis for another Indian treaty. I shall
not take time on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. f do not know but that
it is n misfortune that our country is extending
as it is, and our Territories are being opened as
they are; but wilhin a few years the Congress of
the United States have organized a large number
of Territories, and the discovery of the mines in
all those Territories, and perhaps, too, the exist-
ence of war in the United States, led thousands of
men to go into them. Perhaps many men have
not gone for the purpose of escaping the draft,
but they find them to be very convenient places
when the drafts occur in the States. I have no
doubt that some are there for that reason. All
these facts have thrown a large emigration into
the Territories, and they are going 111 amene; the
Blackfeet Indians, and the Assiniboins. ihese
Indians are of a very different character from some
Indians lower down. They live in the higher
regions; the colder regions. They are stronger
men, and bolder men, and more difficult men to
deal with if you get engaged ill a conflict with
them.
Mr. President, it is a question of economy as
well as a question of duty, in my judgment,
whether we shall not by the expenditure of a
small amount of money induce the Blackfeet In-
78
dians in the Territory ofMontana to come across
the Missouri river and occupy the country which
is on the north side of the Missouri river. These
Blackfeet and the Assiniboins range from the
British possessions on the north down into our
Territory ofMontana, mingling up with the miners
and citizens who are going into that Territory,
exposing us to constant danger of conflict, and
you may have Indian wars on your hands grow-
ing out of the fact that the miners rush into the
valleys and take possession of the fertile spaces,
open the mines, and you cannot resist it. The
Government may as well acknowledge the facts
that it cannot control. I say there are laws gov-
erning this emigration, like the laws of trade or
the laws of the winds or the laws of the seas, that
human legislation cannot control. We must rec-
ognize these great facts. It is our growth, our
development, our being brought in contact with
these great tribes, that compels the necessity of
entering into some kind of arrangement. I am
not in favor of negotiating a treaty providing for
paying to them money, but for inducing them by
offices, by something in the shape of agricultural
implements i&you please, presents, or whatever
you will, to keep the peace and persuade them to
go to the north side of the Missouri river. There
is country enough for them there.
I hold in my hand a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior which recommends this appropriation in
the very strongest terms. It is, however, a question
for the'Senate to decide. If we do not make any
arrangements of this sort we must run the chance
of difficulty with the Indians,and we mustrun the
risk of an Indian war and its attendautexpenses.
I think you can negotiate with them at a great
deal less expense than you can fight them. There
is not much honor in Indian wars at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have been negotiating
with the Indian tribes for about fifty years, and
every year we have an Indian war. The more
treaties we have with them, the more wars. The
question with me is where the poor Indian will
go. You make a treaty with him to have him go
west of a range of mountains, and next year a
treaty to make him go still further. The scheme
ought to be abandoned. It has been discussed
often in the Senate, and I think a majority of the
Senate are opposed to any further treaties with
Indian tribes. I simply want a vote to be taken
by yeas and nays, and if the Senate are in favor
of authorizing new treaties, as a matter of course
I shall make no further resistance, and the Sen-
ator may have as many treaties made next year
as he chooses.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] asks me how many bands of In-
dians we propose to treat jvith. There are four,
the names of all of which I cannot pronounce.
One is the Blackfeet proper. I do not profess
to know all these Indian names, but there is a
very large number of them, and they are a really
powerful set of men; and I think it better to have
peace with them and to negotiate. Men with
provisions in their hands will secure peace much
more readily with Indians than men wearing blue
coats and carrying swords and guns. I am sat-
isfied ofthat. The undertaking, by meansof war-
fare, to have peace with tiie Indians, is not the
best policy. Sometimes,it is true, it isnecessary
to show your power, to let them know that you
have power, but as a general rule it is much bet-
ter to negotiate and feed them rather than fight
them. Our people are rushing into Montana.
You cannot hinder their going there. By organ-
izing the Territory ypu in substance invited them
to go there and develop it. You are projecting
railroads through it. Our people are on their way
there, and they flow there from all those laws
which control human events and human action,
like, as I said, the laws of nature.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to one
fact. These Indians claim to have a right to all
that country. I believe no treaty has been made
extinguishing their title or supposed title to ny
of it. The white people who are going in there
