1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
March 1,
rnent to enter into an arrangement with the In-
dians in Montana Territory to abandon a part of
it for the use of white people and to occupy by
their tribes a smaller portion of the whole of the
Territory. I know of no other way of doing it.
If this is not done they will.of course claim that
they have a right to go everywhere and occupy
the whole of it, and conflicts will grow up be-
tween tlietn and the white people.
The question being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Btiekaicw, Chandler, Oonncss, Davis,
Dixon,Doohule, Farwoll. Hat lan, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Nye, Pomeioy, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Su mner,Vaii
Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wihon, and Wnght—27,
"NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Foot,Foster, Gaines,
Lane of Indiana, Sherman, Sprague, and Ten Eyek—-9.
ABSENT — Messrs. Garble, Olaik, Coliamer, Cowan,
Hah', Harding, Howard, Johnson, Morrill, Richardson,
Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Oar committee 1ms re-
ceived a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in which he states that by mistake an
omission was made in the regular estimates in re-
lation to the insurance and transportation of goods
and provisions for the Flathehd Indians. His
letter is here and can be read if desired. I offer
in conformity with it this amendment, to come in
on page 39, after line nine hundred and twenty-
eight:
Insurance and transportation of annuity goods and pro-
visions for tlip Flathead Indiana, per fifth article of treaty
of July 16, 1855, for tiie piosont fiscal yeat, $11,920 41.
Insurance and transportation of annuity and pro-
visions, per fifth article of the treaty of July Ifi, lSo5, for
the fiscal year ending June 3D, 1866, $11,1)20 41.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The next amendment is
to come in after line four hundred and twenty-
four, on page 18:
Omahas:
For pay of miller and assistant miller, farmer, black-
smith, and assistant; fur iron and titrel; supplying smith
shop with tools, and keeping the s:uiu  in icp:ur; keeping
in repuii giist and saw-mill; and lor pay of engineer and
assistant engineer tor the liscal year ending June 30, 18G6,
$4,810 : Provided, That all tolls or piofits arising from the
woiking of the null or shops shall he accounted for to the
uqont and by hnn applied to tho use and benefit of said
Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to insert after line
four hundred and thirty-six, on page 19;
Oitoes and Mis^ourias:
For pay ot miller, blacksmith and a^irtant, and for iron
and steel for smith shop; for pay of farmer; lor repair of
grist and saw-mill; supplying Mnltlfs shop with toots, and
keeping the same in repair; and for pa\ of engineer, $3,940:
iVornic*/, That any tolls or piofits unpins fnmi the working
of the mill oi shops shall bo accounted lor to the agent arid
by him applied to the ute and benefit of said Indians.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whether the provisions of the treaty with those
Indians in regard to a miller, &c., have not ex-
pired.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tho provision in the treaty
has expired, but tho mill is still there for the benefit
of the Indians, and this appropriation is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior, and I
have no doubt it is a wise appropriation. It is
nota very large one. It is to keep this mill going
for the bencfitof these Indian tribes,although the
treaty requiring it lias expired. We are not now
compelled to keep up the mill, but it is there,and
perhaps it is better for us to continue it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The next amendment is
to insert after line six hundred and ninety-nine,
on page 29:
For the payment ofgooda purchased for the Winnebagoes,
Mississippi Sioux, and Yancton Sioux, to replace, thewe loct
by th&burning ot the steamer Welcome, at St. Louis, on
the loth of July, 1834, $34,771 63; and to replace tho goods
destroyed for Indians in New Mexico winch were buincd
on the steamer Welcome at St. Louis on the 15th of July,
1854, $2,74o S3; and to replace the goods destroyed for In-
dians in the Territory of Utah, winch were burned on one
of the wagons transporting the same from Nebraska City
to Utah, oil the of Augu-t, 1«51, .$6,331 38: Provide*.
houcLcr, Any money5? to be recovered lortftsurance upon
said goods shall be refunded to the Treasury of the United
States.
The facts are, as appears to the committee and
as is stated by the Commissionerof Indian Affairs
and the Secretary of the interior, that on the 35th
of July last, at St. Louis, the steamer Welcome
was burned, with goods amounting to $64,086.
They were insured, and protest was duly made,
and the wreck being taken possession of by the
underwriters, a considerable amount of property
was recovered, and the sum of $9,314 72 has been
received at the Indian Office on account of the
loss. A demand for reimbursement of the bal-
ance was made on the insurance company, and
upon failure to comply with the demand suit was
commenced.
Mr. GRIMES. -Where was the property in-
sured?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the city of New York,
I am informed; I do not know the name of the
company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee instruct
me to offer the following amendment, as an addi-
tional section:
Jlnd be it fvriher enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to pay m gold arxf silver com such
of the above annuities as may be necssaiy to fulfill the
ticaty obligations of the United States to the friendly In-
flians, upon fpeeifie lequisitions made upon him by the
Secretary of the Intel mr for the &ainc, with the approval of
the President.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend that by
inserting, fi wherever by said treaties the money
is to be paid in com." The appiopriation is in
coin now made in such cases, I believe, and there-
fore this section is not necessary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I accept the modification.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think tha^t in all cases
where there is a specific requirement to pay in
coin, the money is so appropriated by this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. All 1 ask is that where
you agreed to pay in coin you shall pay in coin;
but the provisions of the bill as it is do not allow
it to be done.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move the following as
an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That to provide for the usual
diftubution of medals among tho duels of the Indian tribes,
$5,000 is hereby appiopriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is an amendment
proposed by the Secretary,of the Interior to which
I would especially call the attention of the Sen-
ators from West Virginia. There is no appro-
priation of money in it. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to enter into arrangements with
the State of West Virginia to exchange with her
her share of the bonds of old Virginia that are
held by the Government. The amendment is to
add as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
tetior is hereby authmized to surrender to the State of
West Viigmia the bonds and obligations of the State of
Viiguua held by the Secretary of the Interior in trust for
vauous Indian tiibe.% for a like amount of the obligations
ofthes-aid State of West Virginia, to be issued in nceoul-
ancc with the eighth clause of the eighth article of the con-
stitution of Wcr-t Vngnua.
Mr. WILLEY. Of course that imposes no
obligation on the State of West Virginia now.
It only authorizes an arrangement to be made.
A little reflection will convince the Senator from
Wisconsin that it would be entirely nugatory at
this time. West Virginia proposes at a proper
time to assume an equitable proportion of the
public debt of Virginia. She has bound herself
to do so by her fundamental law, and it is right
and proper that she should discharge that obli-
gation; but what her due proportion is cannot be
ascertained at this time. There must be an ar-
rangement with the State of Virginia; there must
be some process resorted to for the purpose of
adjusting what will be the equitable share of the
public debt of West Virginia. The amendment
at this time will amount to nothing practically,
and I respectfully suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin whether it is necessary for him now
to offer it. I should have been glad to have been
advised of the intention to do so. It is sprung
upon us just at this moment without notice. X
remember very well the provision in the consti-
tution of West Virginia, and know very well
that West Virginia proposes to pay and dis-
charge her proper share of the public debt of
Virginia; but no arrangement has been made
between the State of West Virginia and the State
of Virginia for the purpose of ascertaining what
that just share of the public debt of Virginia will
be. It cannot now be ascertained; hut when it
is so ascertained it is very likely the Senator from
Wisconsin will find it proper to modify the legis-
lati'on which he now proposes to adopt. There
can be nothing gained on the part of the Uni-
ted States Government by present action on the
matter, that I can see.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In addition to what my
colleague has said, I will state I have just seen a
report of the Secretary of the Interior sent to the
House of Representatives and laid on our tables
to-day. I think it rather remarkable that neither
the Secretary of the Interior nor the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs should have
thought it worth while to ask us something about
this question. I was going to say that I perceivo
in that report that the United States hold not only
bonds of the State ofVirgmia for which we might
be in some sort implicated under this provision
of our Constitution, but certain guarantied bonds
of the State of Virginia. With these of course
we have nothing to do until the remedy against
the parties making them has been exhausted. I
notice a certain amount of bonds of the city of
Wheeling, which I believe were guarantied by
the State of Virginia, and were secured by a pledge
of stock of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany. Of course we shall never have anything
to do with them.
I will state further that/we proposed in our
constitution to pay an equitable proportion of
the debt of the State of Virginia. The debt on
the 1st of January, 1861 was perhaps forty million
dollars, of which considerably upward of thirty
millions had been contracted for the construction
of railroads and the James river canal, and other
internal improvements. After we had separated
from old Virginia and came to look about us we
found that there was not within the whole terri-
tory of West Virginia one mile of railroad, ono
mile of canal, a single public building, or any thing
of the kind, for which any portion of the debt had
been issued. Ail we have there is a few dirt turn-
pikes and a very insufficient and common canal,
indeed a mere sluice navigation on a part of the
Big Kanawha river. The gentleman and the Sec-
retary of the Interior may calculate how much
of that thirty or fotty millions our equitable pro-
portion would be.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had no purpose to press
the passage of this amendment if it was opposed
by the gentleman from West Virginia. It con-
tains nothing but a provision authorizing the
President to enter into that negotiation when the
State of W est Virginia shall be ready to do it. I
do not suppose it is of any great practical moment
to pass it at this session; but it is supposed that
before any arrangement can be made by the
United States, which holds some of these bonds
in trust for the Indians, we must give authority
to the President to make the arrangement. 1 will
not insist upon it agninst the objection.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If we are liable for
any portion of the State debt, we are liable only
for our proportion; and most certainly we shall
make no arrangements to pay any holders any-
thing if they are not able to give us a release on
paying our equitable proportion of the whole
debt. I think, therefore, any legislation on the
subject at this time is perfectly nugatory. Until
the State of Virginia is in a situation to appoint
commissioners to meet commissioners from our
State and settle what that debt will be ft is utterly
impossible to do anything.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer an amendment in
relation to the Stockbridges and Munsees of Wis-
consin that does not contain any money appropri-
ation. It is to add, as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further cnacted, That each of the chiefs, war-
riois, and heads of families of the Stockbridge and Mun-
see tribes of Indians rending in the county of Shawano
and State of Wisconsin, may, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, enter a homestead and become
entitled to all the benefits of an act entitled "An act ta se-
cure homesteads toactual settlers on the public domain,"
appioved March 20, ISGU, fiec from any fee or charge what-"
ever. Any part ot the lands being a part of their present
resei vaiion, which may be abandoned under tho foregoing
provision^, may be sold und«r the dnection of the Secie-
taiy of the Intcuor, and the proceeds applied (or the bene-
fit of such Indians as may settle «n said homesteads to aid
them in improving tne.same. The said homestead thus se-
cured shall not be subject to any tax-levy or sale whatever,
nor shall the same be t oid, conveyed, morrgaged, or m any
mannci inouinbosod, oxccpt upon the Ueeiee of tho dls-
