1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
trict court of the United States as hereinafter provided.
Whenever any of the said chiefs, warriors, or heads of
families of s.atd tribes, bavin? filed with the clerk of the
district court of the United States a declaration of his in-
teution to become a citizen of the United States, and to
dissolve all relations within any Indian tribe, two years
prior thereto shall appear in said court and prove to the
satisfaction thereof, by the testiuionj of two cstzens of the
United Suites, that for five years last past he lias adopted
the habits of civilized life; that he has maintaiuedhimself
and family by his own industry; that he reads and speaks
the English language ; that he is well disposed to become
a peaceable and orderly cuizen ; and that be has sufficient
capacity to manage hb own affair*—the court may enter a
decree admitting him to ail the right? of a citizen of the
United States, and thencefouh he shall be no longer held
or treated as a member of any Indian tribe, but shall be
entitled to all the rights and privileges, and be subject to
ail the duties of other citizens of the United States; but
nothing herein contained shall h« construed to deprive
them of annuities to wluch they are or may be entitled.
Mi*. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the Senator
from Indiana that if there is any opposition to
this measure, I shall not insist on its going upon
this bill. I will state to the Senator from Indiana
that the reason why I offer the amendment here
is, that the measure has been pending before the
House of Representatives, and unable to pass
there. It is a question of legislation, it is true, in
relation to the Stockbridge tribe of Indians in the
State of Wisconsin. They are a tribe very far
advanced in civilization. By an arrangement
which was formerly made with them the reserva-
tion which was made for them on Lake Shawano
is a very poor reservation, and this authorizes
them to go and take homesteads like other settlers,
and theie is also a provision which, I admit, is in
the nature of legislation rather than appropriation,
which provides that on their proving certain
things ihey may become admitted citizens df the
United States, and cease any longer to be mem-
bers of Indian tribes. I did not wish to present
them to raise discussion, nor will I press it to a
vote if it is resisted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not rise with a view
of opposing it, but to make some inquiry of the
chairman as to its merits. It seems to me that it
is a measure which ought to be considered by
some other committees as well as the Committee
on Indian Affairs. It is a modification of the
homestead law, and in that respect it ought to go
to the Committee on Public Lands. It also ic-
lates to a question of citizenship, which I think
ought to go to the JudiSiary Committee, But if
the Senator will declare that his committee have
bo thoroughly examined it in connection with the
land system, which I know from his location he
is familiar with, as to say it is all right, I am not
going to interpose an objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no doubtthe pro-
visions are ail right as applied to these Indians.
The only objection i see is that itis something in
the nature of legislation on an appropriation bill,
which I desire as much as possible to avoid. If
there is no objection to it, I would like to have it
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
"Wisconsin will proceed as lapidly as possible.
I have given way on the tax bill for the Indian
bill. 1 have no objection to thisamendment if the
Senator desires it to be put on, but I know nothing
about it. I hope he will press forward, as time
is very precious.
Mr. HE"NDRICKS. I aslc the Senator from
"Wisconsin what consideration this measure has
received; how thoroughly has it been examined
by his own committee in connection with the ques-
tion of the public lands to which it relates in part?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has been discussed
several times in our committee, and so far as I
know meets the unanimous approval of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HARLAN. It will not affect the home-
stead law ot all, excopt in relation to these par-
ticular Indians. There are" very few of them.
They are pretty well civilized. Their annuities
have all expired, except about five hundred dollars
to the whole tribe, payable annually. They have
settled on a piece of land that is very poor, and
on which itis impossible for them to make a living.
This is to enable them to get land they can cul-
tivate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I see the chairman of
the Committee o  Public Lands understands the
measure and approves it. Of course 1 shall make
no opposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 19, after line
four hundred^and thirty-six, I move to insert:
For the balance due the confederated tribes of the Kas-
kaskias, Peorias, Weas>, and Piankeshaws, arising from the
sale of their trust lands by William Brtndali, late receiver
of the land office, as reported by the Commissioner of the
General Laud Office held by said late receiver Brindall,
unaccounted for and not deposited in the United States
Treasury, $6,818 30: Provided, That when said sum shall
be received it shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the decision of the
Chair if that is not a private claim.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Iowa
has given his special attention to this, and will
explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make no objection to it,
but simply wish to know whether it is a private
claim.
Mr. HARLA.N. It is not a private claim. It
is an amount of money due by the Government
to these Indians for their land held in trust for
them. This portion of the proceeds of sale has
been held by the receiver, and which he claims is
due to him for extra services, and the Govern-
ment has not yet recovered it from him; but it is
due to the Indians, and the Committee on Indian
Affairs propose that it shall be taken from the
Treasury temporarily, and if the Government
recovers it from him the money will go into the
Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is a private claim.
It is for the Chair to decide.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This money belonged to
these Indians by treaty. The lands were to be
surveyed arid S'.ld, and the proceeds go to the
Indians. This man whom we have employed
pockets the money, and what is to be done with
the Indians? That is the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair it is not a private claim within the
meaning of the rule. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will now present an ad-
ditional section in relation to the clerical force of
the Indian Office, which, upon the statement of
the Secretary of the Interior, reduces, in fact, the
expense of the clerks in the office by $3,200. It
is a reorganization of the cleiks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committeeon Finance
have examined that matter thoroughly, and re-
jected it already. There has been a proposition
to reorganize several bureaus of the Treasury De-
partment. All are postponed to the next session
by the action of a committee of conference. I
trust, therefore, this will not be acted on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Committee on Fi-
nance have rejected it, I shall not insist on its
passage; but these papers were handed to us with
no information that they had been considered by
that committee, and as it appeared to be a better
organization of the Indian Office than now exists,
and costs less money, our committee recom-
mended it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It increases the grade of
clerks, and we were not prepared to act now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall notpress the amend-
ment if the Committee on Finance have discussed
this question in committeeand rejected it, because
it would raise a question for discussion and divis-
ion upon a matter which is not of sufficient im-
portance. I therefore withdraw the amendment.
I was not aware of the fact that it had received
any consideration in thatcommittee. I now offer
another amendment. 1 am not,in myown mind,
quite clear whether it can be objected to on the
ground taken by my friend from Ohio as a private
claim or not. I will state precisely what itis.
In 1856 
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read first.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Insert at the end of page 18:
For refunding to Jacob White Crow, and others, the trus-
tees or stewards of the VVvandotte mission of the Methodist
Episcopal Church of the'Wyandotte nation of Indians in
Kansas, foi lb* destruction of their church buildings, par-
sonage, and Iibraiy, §0,000, to be applied in the rebuilding
of said building and Improvementof said parsonage for the
use of the said Wyandotte tribe of Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These church buildings
and parsonage belonging to this mission of the
Wyandottos were on their lands in the State of
Kansas. We were undertreaty stipulations with
them to prevent them from being depredated upon
by the white*. The border ruffians went in there
and burned them down, and they have been from
that day to this deprived of them, and the money
honestly belongs to them and should bo |pai«f.
They are not our own citizens, private individ-
uals making claims against the Government; they
stand in the nature of an Indian tribe through
their stewards representing their mission. I stale
just the facts.
Mr. POMEROY. I know very well the facts
of which the Senator from Wisconsin has spoken.
The treaty was not made when Kansas wa^ a
State, but when we were a Territory. When I
first went there I found these Wyandottes the most
loyal and radical anti-slavery men I could find
anywhere, and they incurred early the hostility
of the pro-slavery party, who came tfver there
and burned their church. Thatis a simple state-
ment of the facts. I havo always hoped and
prayed that the time would some time come when
they could be recompensed. They suffered im-
measurably, as wealldid,butonaccountof there
being treaty stipulations wi th them, it was'thought
the Govcrnmentshould pay them for their church.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not this a private claim?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it is a private claim.
Mr. GRIMES. Then it comes within the rule,
and cannot be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not ftr the
Chair to raise the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to stand here
as a perpetual objectqr. I am disposed to let the
Senator from Wisconsin put on this bill, if he de-
sires,all the Indiana and all the burnt houses and
burnt churches. I do not want to raise any ob-
jection, because I know one or two of this Indian
tribe, and they are worthy people, and I know
somethingaboutthese depredations because l.hap-
pened to be in Kansas at the time they were com-
mitted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not look upon ltoa
a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it is a private claim, but it will be re-
ceived if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection'being
made, the Chair must rule that it is a private claim,
and therefore the amendment cannot be received.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to insert after lina
twelve hundred and seventy-six, on page 53, theae
words:
All tliat part of the public domain it) the TcrrUaW' of
Arizona lying wi'-t oi'n direct ime from Half-way Henil to
Corner Itock, on tile Colorado river,containing nboutflev-
enly-five tliousitnd acres of land, (shall be set apart as an
Indian reservation lor the Indians of said river tuid its trib-
utaries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to tny htmor-
able friend from Ohio that there were two othe 
propositions in relation to this appropriation bill
as to which the Committee on Indian Affairs have
not determined precisely upon the amount they
will propose to offer as amendments. We sup-
posed the bill would come up to-morrow morning,
and this morning our committee had a meeting
and concluded upon the various propositions
which have been offered, and they Were com-
pelled to offer so many amendments from the fact
that these matters were not acted upon in the
other House. There is one other amendment in
relation to refugees in the Indian territory and
one in relation to Arizona which I am not pre-
pared to offer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this bill may be
closed to-night. I gave way on the tax bill to
take up this hill, so that it might be got ready for
enrollment. Wo are now so near to the closftof
the session that we must'look at the clerical labor
of preparing the bills. t-hope, therefore, the Setw
ator will offer his amendments and let us act'oa
the bill now.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE* T-here is one otherr amend-
ment which I will offsr now:
For balance?due claimants under the third article of the
treaty of September 10,1853, with the Rogue river Indians
for lmpiovemeiiti made by the claimants on tiis Indian
reserve,$814 82.
Mr. SHERMAN, Is m>t that a private claim?
If so, I object to us gdtng on the bill. If it is not,
I have nothing to say.
Mr. NESM1TH, , I beg to call the attention
of the Senator from Ohio to the third section of'
the treaty of Septemlxjc^lOj 1853, which provides
