1865.
fHfi €rOKGKBSSIQHAL &LGB1.
mm
ance of the condition on which tho land and land
scrip authorized by the act were granted.
ENROLLMENT LAWS.
Mr. 'VJffLSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 678) to amend the act entitled
"An act further to regulate and provide for the
enrolling of and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," approved July 4, 1664,and
the other acts relating to enrollment dtld draft, re-
ported it with amendments.
military and naval asylum.
Mr. WILSON. As I'have to be out upon a
committee of conference this evening I desire
now to call up a little bill to which there can be
no objection. Itis abill to provide for a home
or asylum for totally disabled volunteers. It
costs the Government nothing. 1 move that it be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
479) to incorporate a national military and naval
asylum for the relief of the totally disabled offi-
cers and men of the volunteer forces of the United
States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate. ,
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
is in the bill. It has not been read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We ought to know what
is in at.
Mr. WILSON. The first section simply makes
a hundred eminent citizens of the country a body
politic and corporate. I do not think anybody
will wish to take up time with reading them; let
the rest of the bill be read.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to dispense with the
reading of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
The residue of the bill was read. It provides
that the corporation shall consist of one hundred
members, with power to fill all vacancies created
by death, resignation, or otherwise, and to make
by-laws, rules, and regulations; but these by-
laws, rules, and regulations are not to be repug-
nant to the Constitution or laws of the United
States. The business of the corporation is to be
managed by u board of twelve directors, who
shall elect from their number a president, two
vice presidents, and asecretary; and seven of the
directors, of whom the president or one of the
vice presidents shall be one, are to forma quorum
for the transaction of business at any special
meeting of the board of directors.
The board of directors are to have authority
to procure for early use,at a suitable place,a site
for a military asylum for officers and men of the
volunteer forces of the United States who have
been or may hereafter be totally disabled by
wounds received or sickness contracted while in
the line of their duty during the present rebellion;
and to have the necessary buildings erected, hav-
ing due regard to the health of the location, fa-
cility of access, and competency to accommodate
the persons provided for.
For the establishmentand support of this asy-
lum there are to be appropriated all stoppages or
fines adjudged against volunteer officers, soldiers,
or seamen, by sentence of courts-martial or mil-
itary commission, over and above the amounts
necessary for the reimbursement of the Govern-
ment or of individuals; all forfeitures on account
of desertion from the volunteer service; and all
moneys due deceased volunteer officers, soldiers,
or seamen, which now are, or may be, unclaimed
for three years after the death of such officers,
soldiers, or seamen, to be repaid upon the de-
mand of the heirs or legal representatives of such
deceased officers, soldiers, or seamen. The di-
rectors may receive donations of money or prop-
erty, made by any person or persons, for the
benefit of the asylum, and hold or dispose of it
for its sole and exclusive use.
- The selection of the site for the asylum, and
the plan of the buildings, and the rules and regu-
lations for the general and internal direction of the
asylum are to be made by the directors, and
they may do all other acts necessary for its gov-
ernment and interests; but no selection of a site
or adoption of any plan of buildings is to be
agreed upon until after the sum of $500,000 shall
have been first subscribed or donated and paid
iBto the treasury of the corporation.
The officers of the asylum are to-be a governor,
a deputy governor, a secretary, and a treasures,
and these officers are to be appointed from the
pensioned officers of the volunteer service, and
they may be appointed and removed from time
to time, as the interests of the institution may
requ ire, by the board of directors.
The following persons only are to be entitled
to the benefits of the asylum, and may be admit-
ted upon the recommendation of the board of
directors: all volunteer officers, soldiers, and sea-
men who have served during the present war,
who have been or who may be totally disabled
by wounds received or sickness contracted in the
line of their duty, and such persons on becoming
ifTmates of the asylum are to assign thereto their
pensions during the time they shall remain therein
and receive its benefits.
The directors are to make an annual report of
the condition of the asylum to the War Depart-
ment, which shall be communicated to Congress
on the first Monday of every January. The di-
rectors are to examine and audit the accounts of
the treasurer of the asylum quarterly, and to visit
and inspect them at least six times a year.
' All inmates of the asylum are to be subject to
the i-ules and articles of war, and will be governed
thereby in the same manner as if they were in
the Army or Navy of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I move this as an additi&nal
section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That Congress may at any
time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. One provision seems to
be omitted, which I suppose the committee in-
tended to insert. I think that after the words
" body corporate" the words " in the District of
Columbia" should be inserted. I suppose it is
intended to make this a corporation in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. If it is intended to make it a
corporation for the whole country, it is rather a
new proceeding on the part of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator thinks we have
not the power to make a general corporation for
this purpose, a matter of benevolence, let him put
in that it shall be for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed the committee
intended to do that. 1 did not suppose the com
mittee intended to assert power to establish a
corporation of the United States for this purpose.
Mr. WILSON. This itf a corporation of a
hundred individual's in different parts of the coun-
try for a purely charitable object, the relief of
totally disabled Soldiers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The purpose I do not
question. It is simply a question of power.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Let the words proposed
be inserted, because I have serious doubts about
our power to incorporate anything outside of the
District.
Mr. HALE. Let me suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that two years ago we created on
institution called, I believe, the National Acad-
emy of Sciences, covering the whole country, and
we have printed their reports.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They had their seat of
operations here in Washington, I understand. I
do not wish, however, to raise a discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. Have we not created the Pa-
cific railroad corporation by act of Congress ?
Tha PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi;. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] moves to amend the bill by insertingafter
the worft" corporate," at theend of the first sec-
tion, the words " in the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
ARMY PAY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. FOSTER. There are two or three little
bills from the Committee on Pensions which I
should like to have passed. They will not take
long.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business. I object to anything else being en-
tertained unless the Senate decide to postpone it.
Mr. FOSTER. It will not take long to pass
the bills which I desire to call up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every other Senator has
bills which he desires .to have passed.
Mr. FOSTER. If any gentleman offers an
amendment or.makes opposition to the bills whieh 1
I wish to call up, I shall withdraw the applied
tion. " - '
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to get rid of 'th#
Indian appropriation bill and the tax bill. '
Mr. FOSTER. In one or two of these castes
there are amendments merely to correct names,
which will cause the bills to go back to the other
House; and whether the Indian appropriation biif
is passed at half past seven o'clock or at thirty-
five minutes past seven o'clock is of very little
importance, but whether these bills pass or hot
is important to the parties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished:
business is called for. It is the bill (S. No. 419)
for the better organization of the pay department
of the United States Army, the question being ou'
its passage.
Mr. POWELL. I object to taking that up.
That was not the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
so informed by the Clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator from Ohio. Is the bill
about the pay department of the Army the bill
which he designed to call up?
Mr. SHERMAN. I called for the unfinished
business. I want to proceed with the order of
the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair hag
called up theunfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill was only called
up informally, subject to be laid aside at any mo-
ment. It Was taken up informally by consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Wecan passit while we
arc discussing this question.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill had better be con-
sidered; otherwise it will interrupt legislation from
this time until Congress adjourns. It is a bill
that has been considered in committee and before
the Senate. It is understood thoroughly. There
can be no objection to it. All 1 ask is a vote upon
it. I wish, however, to perfect the bill in one
respect, by striking out the word " infantry" in
one place and inserting the word "cavalry," to
conform to all the other bills of the same charac-
ter that have been enacted by Congress from time
immemorial. It only occurs in one place.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe the present oc-
cupant of the chair was not in the chair at the
time the recess was taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant was not in the chair, and depends upon
the Clerk as to what was the unfinished business,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When that bill was asked
to be taken up this afternoon, I addressed myself
to the President and said that if it came up I sup-
posed it would be by unanimous consent, so as
not to displace the Indian appropriation bill, and
I received hh affirmative response.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chairun-
derstands that when a bill comes up by unani-
mous consent, it is as if everybody voted totals
it up, unless the other bill be laid aside merely
informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that I
believe is in order. I move to postpone all pend-
ing and prior orders, with a view to take up th^
tax bill. I will state, before the question is put,
that I gave way with great reluctance for the In-
dian appropriation bill, supposing it would take ,
only about an hour. I know now that it will
take much longer. I must, therefore, insist upon
going on with the regular business, which is the
tax bill, which I agreed for a time to waive for
the consideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 hope that motion will not
prevail. I have endeavored, without any per-
sonal interest whatever, to obtain the considera-
tion of the Senate to this bill, not private, not
personal, but concerning the whole people of the
United States. It affects a portion of the military
departmentmoreimportantalmostthan any other,
the officers who disburse the money to your sol-
diers; and if there is any department of this Gov-
ernment that in my opinion should receive the
attention of the Senate, it is a department that
comes so closely to thesoldiers who have received
more of the attention of Senators, who have re-
ceived more of the attention of the country inlegis-
lation, and in every other respect, as they deserve,
than anybody else. I do not know the reason
why this obstruction should be put in the way of
the passage of this bill. Personally I have no in-
terest in it; and when I assumed to be the advocate
