1865.
THE CON"G-IIESSIOXAL GLOBE.
471
shown that this is impracticable, because the rebels
refuse to carry out the cartel or to adopt any other
just rule which could be agreed to by our Govern-
ment without dishonor. If these prisoners have
not been thus exchanged, it is not the fruit of the
Administration, but is the wrongful act of the rebel
authorities. Now, how will you coerce them?
They persistently retain these prisoners of yours
and inflict on them inhuman punishment; they
apply to them unchristian treatment. You can-
not obtain possession of the persons of the identi-
cal parties who perpetrate these wrongs. You
therefore have no other alternative but to permit
them to waste away your armies by this cruel
treatment, or resort to some effective system of
retaliation. But, then, if they were to throw no
impediments in the way of a fair exchange every
Senator knows that it is often impossible, imme-
diately after prisoners have been captured, to se-
cure an exchange; they arc frequently, on account
of the condition of the contest, retained m custody
for weeks and months. If, during this necessary
delay in bringing aboutan exchange of prisoners,
cruel and unusual treatment is applied tothepris-
oneis of war in their hands, how will you coirect
the evil for the time being unless you admit, and,
if necessary, resort to, retaliation?
I did state, in the outset of this discussion, that
I was of the opinion that this refusal on their
part to make exchanges was not disadvantageous
to us in a military point of view; I still say so,
because I think so. It was not disadvantageous
to us, first, because we have had constantly an
enormous exccss of prisoners. When they have
had from thirty to forty thousand ot Union troops
as captives of war m their hands, we have had a
number ranging from eighty to ninety thousand,
bo that when they lefuse to return to the caitel
and exchange man for man as far as they have
men, and then receive the excess under parole,
they damage their own and not the Union cause.
But then, again, if the number of troops held
as prisoners of war by each of the belligerent
parties was cxactly equal, 1 attempted to show in
the brief remarks then submitted, that an ex-
change, man for man, in the present condition of
the contest, would not be advantageous to us, be-
cause they are now fighting inside of strongly
built works, where one man is equal to three or
four lighting on the outside. This is too clear to
require elucidation, unless some one will maintain
that one is greater than four. My allusion to this
condition of the contest was the occasion of the
charge made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
IlEvmitcits,] of a departure from humane and
Christian sentiments, that induccd him and an-
other Senator [Mr. Henderson] to favor me with
several quotations from the Sciiptures. For this
kindness they arc entitled to and have my thanks.
"While I have great confidence in the opinions
of that Senator when questions of law are in-
volved, especially any question involving a clear
understanding of the land laws of the United
States, and have an equally high opinion of the
legal acumen of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Dams,] who also expresses astonishment at my
opinions, and would rely on his judgment with
great confidence in all legal questions involving the
use of clear mental perception, patient reseat ch,
and inflexible purpose, as well as ability, I say,
with great respect to both of these Senatois, that
if I desired an orthodox exposition of the holy
Scriptures, I would not apply to either of them.
It may be that I have an incorrect apprehen-
sion on this subject. I think that is possible.
But I have attmpted to consider this subject, as
J have all others during my short caieer in life,
according to the rules of common sense. I sup-
pose these rules are applicable to the holy Scrip-
tures, and necessary fur a proper comprehension
of them, as well as international law. I know
there are such passages as those Senators recited,
requiring us to love our neighbors as ourselves,
to love our enemies, and to do unto others as we
would that they should do unto us. But I sub-
mit with great.rcspect for the opinions of others
that those passages ought to have a common-sense
interpretation; and that seems to me to have been
the opinion of the Sauour of the world. I will
read a brief passage to illustrate this:
"And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted
•mil, !-a\ui", JVKistci, what shall I do tomfient eternal mo.'
" Ho said unto ium. What i* wutun in the law ? how
feadcot thsu :
"And he answering said, Thou slmlt love the Lord thy
God with at! thy heat Laud with all ihy toul, and with all
thv sttength, and with all thy muid ; and thy neighbor as
thyself.
''And lie said unto him, Thou has>t ans>wcicd light: tins
do, and thou shalt live."
But the lawyer not to be put down, proceeded
with his cross-examination, and asked, "Who
is my neighbor?" This, it seems, induced the
Saviour to narrate the following " little story:"
"And Jesus nnsweting said, A certain man went down
fioin Jetur-akMn to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which
stripped Imn oi his raiment, and wounded lnm, and de-
parted, leaving Imn hait'dewd.
"And by chance there came down a certain piiest that
way; and when he s-aw Imn, he passed by on the other side.
u And likewise a Levite, when he w;e- at the place, came
and looked on hint, and passed by on tin* other side.
But a eeitain Sainautan, as hejourne>ed,enme where
he wa^ : and when he ^:nv him, he had companion on imn,
And vv eni to him, and bound up hi* wound-1, poui mg in
oil and ume, and set him on Ins own beast, and brought
lnm 10 an inn. and took eare ot lnm.
'• And on the monow when lie departed, he took out two
pence, and g.ivo iheui to tins Ium, and Kiid unto bun, Take
cine of him ; and w haUocvei thou spondee more, when 1
come a«'ain 1 will lepaythee.
Winch now ol tlieM- thiee, tbuik«\«? thou,waancighl)oi
unto Ium lhat felt among the rlnevet>
And the lawyer answered, the Samaritan. A nd
I ask, is not that in accordance with the teachings
of common sense? And if a man would not love
such u neighbor, would ho not deserve the exe-
cration of mankind? Well, then, " Thou shalt
love thy enemy." How much ? What is to be
the degree of affection you are to exercise for
your enemy? Surely not that degree of affection
which you wouid exetcise for such a neighbor ar>
the Samaritan, nor the degtee of affection that one
would be supposed to feel for a parent, or a child,
or a friend; but you are to love him merely as a
member of the human family, and avoid inflict-
ing on him aclsof cruelty or ihrowmgm his road
obstacles to reformation or advancement, in
other words, you are to treat him m a common-
sense mode, just as his conduct merits.
Now, I am m favor of loving rebels just in
the same wny, not as I love my neighbor or
friend, but as I would be reasonably expected to
love an enemy, a party who is using all the power
that God and nature have clothed him with to
ruin me and mine. I would not " set down ayght
in malice," and I would leform him if U werein
my power. Individually, ifhe had his hand on
my throat, I would retaliate in some humane way
until he released his grasp; and so I would treat
the rebels, not cruelly, not wantonly, not in a
levengctul spirit, but I would mflici on them just
that degiec and amount of puni.shment necessary
to compel tiiem to observe the rule*-* of civilized
warlYue. That is in accordance with my under-
standing of the teachings of the holy Scriptures.
But the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son,] as is usual with him when ho intends to
in/lict a severe blow—I mean of course in a logi-
cal way—complimented me by stating that I had
cited the law of nations correctly on tins subject,
that we were under no obligation accoidmg to the
practice of international law to exchange prison-
ers, that it was optional and discretionary on our
part; but that we were under the strongest obli-
gation morally to do so, and if we failed to use all
the power placed in our hands to bung about such
an exchange we should commit a moral offense
akin to a great crime. Well, sir, this is moie
plausible than sound. Let us see if thatSenator,
with all his legal learning and force of logic, can
maintain that position, even if it were logically ap-
plicable to any position assumed by me, whtch I
do not admit. That is as a corollary to the rea-
soning, international law will tolerate a nation m
doing that which violates the strongest motal ob-
ligation, so strong and overwhelming that to re-
fuse to carry it out amounts to a great crime I
Then I submit, if that be true, that the interna-
tional code is itself in shocking conflict with the
moral lav/.
1 know it. may be said that while we would not
be under obligations to other nations to truat our
own subjects humanely, and we would not con-
sequently be held responsible by foreign Powers
foi any such departure from the moral code, yet
I submit the exchange of prisoners must be mu-
tual. and that one belligerent cannot refuse per-
sistently to make these exchanges and leave it
possible for the opposing belligerentto secure the
return of its subjects, servants, or employes.
Then is it true that one belligerent during the
continuance of the war may do that in retaliation
to its own subjects which is shockingly in con-
flict with the teachings of morals, which will at
the same time render it impossible for the oppo-
sing Power to fulfill its obligations to its subjects
without violating international obligation? As
it seems to me, nothing could be more absurd.
But what is this law of nations that is referred
to; this international code that it is said may be
in conflict with the teachings of morals? Who
enacted it and who enfoices U? You do notUnd
it in any statute-book, for there is no legislature
on earth, and never has been, that can enact it.
And there is no tribunal on earth having power
to try a nation for violating it. The international
code, therefore, was never enacted and never has
been and never can be enforced against an inde-
pendent Power. Then what is this law of nations,
this international code? Nothing but the com-
mon understanding of mankind. It is a code of
morals applied to communities by the common
sense of mankind, just as what is callcd moral
law prescribes the rule of conduct to individuals.
No one will maintain that in this country, or any
other country where justice prevails, you can
enforce a merely moral obligation. You cannot
enforce what is called the international code. It
has no existence except in the minds of men, in
the common consent of mankind. It is there-
fore a rule of morals us applied to organized
communities.
Now, then, the Senator maintains that the code
of morals as applied to communities in their or-
ganized capacity may be in shocking conflict
with morals or the code of morals as applied to
individuals; that is, to my comprehension, as ab-
surd as to say that truth is m shocking conflict
with truth itself; that justice is in shocking con-
flict with justice!
The Senator from Indiana charged mo with
cruelty in suggesting that if an exchange of pris-
oners could be secured on just terms, and could
be carried into effect, man for man, thatjn a mil-
itary point of view its wisdom might he doubtful.
1 attempted to illustrate it in this way: that if a
thousand men were in a fort—and the rebels arc
now in fortified places—it would require four
thousand men to capture them, if military science
teaches us anything.
I will suppose, then, that the rebels have a
thousand Union prisoners, able-bodied men, and
we hold a thousand rebel prisoners, able-bodied
men. An exchange is agreed to, and the thou-
sand aie tianslnppcd from one party to the
other. The thousand rebel prisnnei s sent South
go into this fort, and the thousand Union pris-
oners sent North arc added to the army that is
investing the stronghold. If the contest was ex-
actly equal in a military point of view before the
exchange took place, if it required four thousand
men to carry the work and capture the one thou-
sand, if the chances of life and death were then
equally balanced, and the chances were about
even that the one thousand in the fort would kill
the four thousand outside to the chances that the
thousand inside would capture or kill the four
thousand outside, and you thoM thiow another
thousand into the fort and add but one thousand
to tho investing force, you lack three thousand
men to enable ywu to prosecute the campaign,
and must necessarily resort to what the Senator
from Indiana, at the last session, was pleased to
denominate the hoirois of a druftm order to raise
those men. I suggested that probably, even on
principles of humanity, it might be better in that
stage of the contest to allow the thousand pris-
oners on either side to remain a little longer in
captivity until the battle should he over; that
probably it wouid not he more cruel to allow a
prisoner to remain m prison a little longer than it
would to expose him and three others m front of
battle to the missiles of the fim, unless the other
Scripture of winch I will remind the Senator is
not applicable to this <>ase, which says, "It is
better for one to suffer than for many."
If in this stage of the contest they refuse to re-
turn to the cartel and exchange and parole all on
their side, I have a right, 1 submit, to console
myself that this wrong on their pait is a greater
damage to them than it is to us, without being
justly subjected to the charge of cruelty.
Jf, then', the retaliation proposed m this reso-
lution which is now pending does not violate the
international code, if we have a right to resort to
