1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
that man said to mo, "For the last five months,
Mr. Clark, there was not a morsel of meat in
any ration issued to us; wo lived upon cob meal
or corn meal and sorghum, except I could buy
something else. Now, sir,55 said he, " there are
men in that prison wholuue so suffered that they
have forgotten their own names, and they sit
around on the ground chattering like so many
monkeys.'5 The ration is the same as at Salis-
bury.
Then go down into Georgia to Andersonville,
and you find the same thing, Mr. President,pre-
cisely the same thing. From the best informa-
tion, no less than thirteen thousand men have
found their graves from the treatment in that one
solitary place, Andersonville; and yet this is an
accidental thing, they would have you believe.
And if you could catch the men who do it you
might punish them ! Sir, the rebel authorities do
it, and I would visit it upon their army.
Mr. President, we owe it to the men who have
v gone forth to fight our battles that these tilings
should not be so. We owe it to the friends of
the men who have gone forth to fight our battles
that these things should not be so. "We owe it
to the country that these tilings should not be so,
jf they can be prevented; and this brings me—
for i shall not be long—to the question, can these
enormities be prevented? I believe they can. I
believe the lesolution, if adopted and earned out,
will be effectual. Among our rebel pnsoneis, we
have pel sons from almost eveiy section of the
confederacy, and those persons are allied to al-
most every family in the confederacy. I would
take those rebel prisoners, and I would give no-
tice to the confederacy, " The measure that you
mete out shall be measured to you, full measure,
pressed down and running over, and it shall de-
pend exactly how it muiII be done upon you;
there aie your pnsoneis; how do you want ihem
heated r" ""Well." "Then treat ouis well.
Jus* as you house our prisoners, just so will we
house yours; just as you clothe them, we will
cluthc youis; just as you feed them, we will feed
yours; just as you care for them, we will care
for youis. Now, how shall it be done? What
do you say?55 My word for it, they will not
say, " Starve,'5 if you only stand up to it, and let
them know you are determined; but if you pass
the resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
and say that whatever they please to do, you will
not do anything, they will continue it.
Mr. SUMNER. My resolution says no such
thing.
i\li, HENDERSON. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator fiom New liampriliiie a question. lawk,
unless we have a commissary ol prisoners 111 ihe
lebol oMtrs, to visit those prisons and to see the
treatment of our prisoners, how is it possible for
us to meie out measure for measure?
Mr. CLARK, My God, sir, every returned
prisoner is a commissary bringing back word!
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator, though, that all exchanges may beahut off.
Such a thuig js possible as that the exchanges may
be cut off cntiu.ly, and then there will be no pris-
oieM s returning.
Mr. CLARK. All exchanges, perhaps, may
bo cut off, hui the reeoitU will show in the end;
a:'d if you p!ea.>e, go further, and say to the con-
fedeiucy, " Unless you let us see how these men
ate treated we will take it for granted that you
are mistreating them,55 and hold your men ac-
cordingly.
Mi\'HENDERSON. That is exactly what I
want to do. My proposition is to send an agent,
a commissary of piisoncrs, a thing done between
two nations for a bundled years. The Senator
fiom Ohio called them "commissioners." Not
at all. They go there for t lie purpose of superin-
tending and seeing the condition of our pnsoneis;
that is just what i design to do, and in case they
aie refused permission to go, then I take it for
granted that the treatment is as represented.
Mr. CLARK. And my objection to the Sen-
ator's proposition is not that it is not good in
its* If, but that it does not go far enough. It is
only fur a commissary. I want to go fuitherand
put ojio the Pit,: ieur.j ham's and direct him to
use e\ cry means 111 his power known m civilized
war to do tins.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is exactly my res-
olution.
Mr. CLARK. Then you and I can vote together.
Mr. HENDERSON. The objection is that I
am not in favor of letaliation in kind; nor is the
Senator. He says he would mete out to rebel
prisoners the measure they mete out to ours.
Now, I ask him this question: if they sell our
prisoners, as they have sold some negroes, and
inflict on them other cruelties, would he sell their
prisoners ?
Mr. CLARIv. I need not discuss that ques-
tion. This resolution does not propose retalia-
tion in kind, as I understand.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
Senator is urging now before the Senate that we
should mete out the same measure precisely.
Mr. CLARK. I would if it became necessary.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 say it is never neces-
sary.
Mr. CLARK. Then we shall not do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. CLARK. But if it becomes necessary, I
would do H, and I would make the trial the test
whether it is necessary or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator be-
lieve it would be necessary to sell their prisoners
into everlasting slavery?
Mr. CLARK. I do not. Neither will it be
necessary to starve them or strip them. The
moment you tell these fiends that you are going
to do to them what they do to you, they will de-
sist m self-defense. That is exactly my idea
about it. I want to bring them to the trial, and
that is the object of this resolution, in my judg-
ment. I want to bring them to the trial,and give
them the opportunity; I would say, " There, it
depends on you yourselves what you will do,
and if you will visit these cruelties on yourselves,
it is your own fault; but you pile them on your
own head for your conduct.55
Mr. President, 1 say that I believe it will not
be necessary, and 1 will tell you why 1 believe it
will not be necessary. First, because experience
shows that, when we have retaliated we have
never had to go to an extreme. Take the case at
Ciiai Ic&ton. They thought to deter us fiom firing
on Charleston by seleoting six hundred of our
officers and putting them where, if we did lire,
we must fire upon them. 1 suppose some of
these gentlemen would have stopped the cannon,
plugged up its mouth, and said, " It will not do
to fiie;'5 but some person having that matter in
chaige selected nx hundred of their officers and
put them by oui woiks under the lebel fire, and
then said to the rebels, " Now,ihe away." They
did not iiie. It brought about an exchange very
quick. So when they took three men m Rich-
mond whom they were going lo hang fur some-
thing we had done, our authorities just took the
son of General Lee and two other men, and said,
" Now, begin." They did not hang them.
It wants nerve, sir, and we ought to have had
nerve when we began the war and all the way
through. There is something ineffably mean in
asking a soldier to go and fight for you when you
ha\ e not nerve and backbone enough to Blond by
and prottct him. You ask him lo go and fight;
you ask him to run the ri"k of being taken piis-
oner; and when they get him, you have not nerve
enough to pay, "Ti eat lum well,"and enfotee it!
No, sir, I v ant to direct that that t-hall be done;
that he shall be treated well; and I will guaranty,
Mr. President, 1 would almost guaianty it with
my life, that when you take the men you have
got ill your power and put them to this ticatment,
your men will be Heated well. It is because we
have, not dene it that this treatment has gone on
for the.-c eight and twelve months, unrebuked
aimoet, wit"!; jut an effort to prevent it.
Now J want to caU the attention of the Senate
and of the country to another thing. We arc
dealing with facts; we are dealing with the case
as it is her<~; we aie not dealing with a suppos-
able ease; we are dealing with the ease as it is;
and the ewdence is that your men who arc pris-
oners are taken into their hands and staived until
they will eelirst and fi^ht for the rebels. I want
to a>k tins qurrtion, Who is responsible in a great
measure fc t! > o t, treason :*5 " Wre," says the Sen *
ator from Ohio, end I ag'-ee with him. You let
a men go into these lebel piisone; they starve
him day after day; his ihtell'ct b"comes treble
with his body; you do not clothe him, you do not
viMt hmi; the rebels come <md hold out to htm
the idea of (bod and Wotiiini' and comfort if he
will enlist for them. The intellect and the suength
of the man are overcome, and left in that destitute
way he enlists to fight you, with tears in his eyes
it may be, and with prayers that he may be deliv-
ered; but for the sake of something to eat, (and
" hunger will go through a stone wall,") he turns
traitor to your country because your authorities
left him there to starve. "Whose treason is it, I
pray you? Let us not shirk this responsibility.
Let us look at the thing as it is and see if wc can-
not deal with it; let us at least make the trial, be-
cause we owe it to ourselves, as I said, to these
soldiers, and to their friends and to the country,
that we should do it.
Why, Mr. President, a few days ago I received
a letter from aclergyman. He said to me, " Sir,
my son is in a rebel prison; he is starving. When
he went to the war I and his mother gave him to
the country; but the idea is dreadful that that
country, when we had given that son toit,should
let that boy starve. Cannot," said he, "I ap-
peal to you,sir; cannotsomethmgbedono?" And
that is not a solitary caso. Every father who has
a son in those prisons will appeal to his Senator
in the same way; he will inquire every hour, can-
not something be done to ameliorate this condition
of affairs? And what are you going to say when
you go home? That " nothing could be done."
" But, did you try?" " No, sir; we would not
pass any resolution about it; we concluded to leave
that to the President." "Had not Congress tho
power?" " Yes,undoubtedly wc had the power,
but wc would not do it." You tell me the conn-
try will not bear this retaliation! I tell you, sir,
they will not bear such an answer as that, nor any
inaction at our hands; it is theothersidc that they
will not bear. They demand at our hands that we
should remedy this difficulty if we can; and for
me not another eight long months—nay, sir, not
another single month, not a week, nor a day—
shall go past, if 1 can prevent it, that I do not give
my vote for a measure that 1 think will afford
relief.
Mr. SUMNER. As I have listened to this
debate, and noted the various propositions which
have been brought forward, especially as i have
observed how the original resolution of the com-
mittee has disappeared m the process of amend-
ment, i have been reminded of the story which
is told by Eyron of Henry S. Fox, the same who
was afterwards British minister here, and who
now lies in the Congressional Burial Ground. Mr.
Foxj;aid of himself,afteran illness in Spain, that
he was "so altered that his oldest London cred-
noi would not know him.55 Eut no illness could
work a change greater than has been wroughtin
the resolution of the committee. Its oldest sup-
porter could not know it in the form which it
now hoars. The ancient legend of the ship Argo is
revived. That famous ship, after us return with
the Golden Fleece, was piously preserved in the
arsenal of Alliens, where its decaying timbers
were renewed, until, in the lapse of time, every
part of the original ship had disappeared, and
nothing but the name remained, if! would be
difficult to say that anything more of the original
resolution was now before the Senate.
The resolution in its original form, as so earn-
estly maintained by my inends from Ohio and
Michigan, called for ictalnuion in kind—an eye
lor an eye,a tooth for tooth, death for death, star-
vation for starvation, freezing for freezing, ci uelty
forciuciiy. The President was commanded to
imitate rebel barbarism m all respects, point by
point. It was this resolution which i felt it my
duty to resist. The resolutions which I offered
as a substitute were intended as a sort of " earth-
work55 in support of this resistance. Perhaps
they have already accomplished their purpose, in-
asmuch as Senators have evacuated their original
position.
The question is solemn enough, and yet, as I
think of the original resolution, 1 am reminded
of an incident more comic than serious which oc-
curred at Pans wh^o it was occupied by the Prus-
sians in 1814. A Prussian soldier was brought
befoie the governor chared with unmercifully
beating a Fienchman, with whom he was bil-
leted, for not supplying a bottle of Berlin iceiss
bier which i he Prussian had insisted upon dunk-
ing. The gctM'rai spoke of the unreasonableness
of the demand, and declared that he should be
obliged to n. 11 a t severe punishment, when the
Tunisian soldier Ret up the law of retaliation.
" When I was a little boy,5' aaid lie, "a French
