'474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
■dragoon beat my father because he was unable to
get a bottle of claret in our whole village, and I
then swore that if I ever got to France 1 would
beat a Frenchman for not getting me a bottle of
weiss bier. -Am I not right?" This was a case
of retaliation in kind, and retrospective in its
operation, like that of the original resolution.
But much as the original resolution has been
changed, so that it no longer requires retaliation
in kind, I think it might be changed still further.
It is not enough on such an occasion, and espe-
cially after the avowals which have been made
in this Chamber, to say that retaliation shall be
according to the principles of public law. Mon-
tesquieu, in his Spirit of Laws, (book 1, chap. 3,)
has shown us the uncertainty of this language.
These are his words:
"Every nation has a law of nations; even the Iroquois,
Who eat tlicir prisoners. Tlicy send arid receivu embassa-
dors ; they know the laws of war and peace. The evil is
that their law of nations is not iounded oil true principles."
The resolution, therefore, for the sake of cer-
tainty, and to give double assurance that humanity
shall not suffer, ought to be still further amended
by limiting the retaliation to the usages of civilized
society. This amendment becomes the more
needful since Senators have argued that by the
principles of public law the intolerable cruelties
of the rebellion might be retaliated.
I desire to repeat my unalterable conviction
that these cruelties cannot be retaliated in kind.
And herel venture to call attention to the opinions
of an illustrious citizen who was recently re-
moved from the duties of this world. I refer to
the late Edward Everett, who, in a speech at
Faneuil Hall only a few days before his lamented
death, thus testifies in what may be called his
dying words:
" I believe that the host way in which wc can retaliate
upon the South for the cruel treatment of our prisoners, is
for us to continue to treat their prisoners with entire hu-
manity nml oil reasonable kindness and not only so, but to
seize evcryopportunity like the present to go beyond this.
'' Indeed, it is no more than our duty to heat the prisoner
well. The law of nations loqunes it. The Government
that refuse* or neglects it doe.-, not deceive the name of
civilized. Even inability is no justification. If you aie
yourself so exhausted that you cannotsupplyyourprisoner
with a Miftioient quantity ot wholesome food, > ou ai<; bound,
with or without exchange, to f-ot him free. You have no
more right to starve than to poison him. It will,howcvei,
bo borne in mind that while the hard fare of our prisoner
is dctumled by the southern leaders, on the ground th.it it
is as good a* that of their own soldtpis, at tin: same tune
they maintain that their harvests are abundant and their
armies well led. There is no merit in treating a pufconer
wilti common humanity; it is simply infamous and wicked
to treat him otherwise."
You will observe, if you please, how positively
the opinion is expressed on the limits of retalia-
tion. And here it is proper to remark that Mr.
Everett was not only a patriot, who, in the lat-
ter trials of the Republic, had devoted himself
ably, purely, and successfully to the vindication
and advancement of the national cause, but he
was a publicist who had studied profoundly the
law of nations. Few persons in our history have
understood it better. His last labors were de-
voted to this important subject. At the time of his
death he was preparing a course of lectures upon
it. Therefore, when, in the name of the law of
■ nations, he speaks against any imitation of rebel
barbarism, it is with the voice of authority—an
authority now, alas! echoed from the tomb.
From one eminent publicist I pass to another.
On a former occasion I took the liberty of intio-
ducing a familiar letter on this question from Pro-
fessor Lieber, once of South Carolina, now of
New York, The Senator from Michigan, not
content with attempting an answer to the learned
professor, proceeded to use language with regard
r to him which I am sure his careful judgment can-
not approve. ProfessorLiebercan neednopraise
from me as a practical writer and thinker on ques-
tions of international law. It was on account of
his acknowledged fitness as a master of this sci-
ence that he was selected as the commissioner to
prepare the instructions for the armies of the Uni-
ted States, constituting a most important chapter
of international law. Those instructions are the
evidence of his ability and judgment. So long as
they are followed by our Government, it will be
difficult for the Senator, learned as he unques-
tionably is, to impeach their distinguished au-
thor. There is no Senator, not excepting the Sen-
ator from Michigan, who might not be prond to
point to such a monument of fame. But he is no
mere theorist. It was on the Held of battle, where
as a youthful soldier he was left for dead, that he
began his practical acquaintance with these laws
of war which he has done so much to expound.
And now let me read a commentary on the law
of retaliation by this authority. I quote from an
article which has already appeared in the New
York Times:
" No mawkish sentimentality has induced the writer to
express his views. He lias had dear friends in those south-
ern pens, which have become the very symbols of revolt-
ing barbaiity, but he desires, for thl* very reason, that the
subject be weighed without passion, which never counsels
well; especially without the passion of mere vengeance.
Let us bring down this geneial call for retaliation to prac-
tical and detailed measures. It is supposed, then, that re-
taliation is resolved upon; what next? The order is given
to harass, staive, expose, and torture, say twenty thousand
prisoners in our hands until their bones picrcc the skin,
and they die idiots in their filth. Why should things be de-
manded which every one knows the northern man is inca-
pable of doing?
" If, however, by retaliation be meant that captured reb-
els in our hands should be cut off from the pleasant com-
foits of life which northerners subservient to the South love
to extend to them, then, indeed, we fully agice. Tins trea-
sonable over-kindness ought never to have, been permitted.
It has had the worst effect on the arrogance of our enemy,
but prohibiting it is not and cannot be called retaliation.
"Let us not be driven from the position of manly calm-
ness and moral dignity; and let us, on the other hand, be
stern, so stern that our severity shall impress the prisoners
that they are such. But let us not follow rebel examples.
It is too sickening, too vile."
Such is the testimony of Francis Lieber in en-
tire but unconscious harmony with the testimony
of Edward Everett. As authority nothing fur-
ther can be desired. And yet the question is still
debated, and grave Senators take counsel of their
feelings rather than of the law.
The earnestness which has characterized this
discussion attests the interest of the question, and
the interest here is only a reflection of the interest
throughout the country. When you speak of our
brave officers and soldiers suffering, languishing,
pining, dying in rebel prisons, you touch a chord
which vibrates in every patriot bosom. He must
be cold, sluggish,and inhuman, who is not moved
to every possible effort for their redemption.
I am happy to see that the Secretary of War
has not been insensible to,this commanding duty.
Here is an extract from a communication which
he sent to the House of Representatives under
date of Januaiy 21:
te On the ir>th of October the subject of exchanges was
placed under the dneetion ol Lieutenant General Grant,
with full authority to take any steps he might doom proper
to effect the release and exchange of our soldiers, and of
loyal persons held as prisoners by the lebel authorities.
He was in&tiuctcd that it was the desire of the President
that no efforts consistent with national honor should be
spared to effect the piompt release of nil soldiers and loyal
persons in captivity to the rebels as prisoneis of war, or on
any other grounds, and the subject was committed to him
with full authority to act In the piemisesas lie should deem
right ami proper. Under this authmity the subject of ex-
change has from that time continued in his chaigc, and
such efforts have been made as he deemed proper to obtain
the release of our prisoners. •#« arrangement was made
for the supply of our prisoners, the articles to be distributed
\tnder the tin action of our oirn otficas, paroled for that pur-
pose, and the conespondtnz <ptivitc c was extended to the
rebel authoi itics. In order to ail'oid every facility for re-
lief, special exchanges have been offeied whenever desired
on behalf of our pri^oncis. Such exchanges have in a few
instance-- been permitted by theiebel authorities, but in
many others they have been denied. A huge number of
exchanges, including all the sick, has been effected within
a leeent period. The comtms&aiy general of prisoners
has been directed to make a detailed lepoit of all the ex-
changes that have been accomplished since the general
exchange ceased. He will fut ni-=h it to the [louse of Itep-
lesentatives as soon as completed. The last communica-
tion of General Grant gives reason to believe that a lull
aixl complete exchange of all pusoncrs will speedily be
made. It aho appears fiom his statement that weekly
supplies arc lurm&lnxl to our pusouers and distiibuted by
ofiicers of our own selection."
Let those instructions be followed, and it is dif-
ficult to see what remains to be done. Exchange,
retaliation, and every other agency " right and
proper," are fully authorized in the discretion of
the commanding general. There is nothing in the
arsenal of war which he may not employ. What
more is needed? But this brings me again to the
proposition before the Senate.
The committee, not content with what has been
done—distrustful, perhaps, of the commanding
general—have proposed that Congress shall in-
struct the President to enter upon a system of
retaliation, xohcre we shall imitate as precisely as
possible rebel barbarism, and make our prisons the
same scencs of torment which we denounce.
Why, sir, to state the case is to answer it. The
Senator from Michigan who advocates so elo-
quently this unprecedented retaliation attempted a
description of the torments of the rebel prisons;
but language failed him. After speaking of their
" immeasurable criminality"and " the horrors of
these scenes," which he said were " absolutely
indescribable," he proceeded to ask that we should
do these same things; that we should take the lives
of prisoners, even by freezingand starvation, or
turn them into living skeletons—by act of Con-
gress.
Sir, the law of retaliation, which he invokes,
has its limits, and these are found in the laws of
civilized society. Admit the law of retaliation;
but you cannot escape from its circumscription.
As well undertake to escape from the planet on
which we live. What civilization forbids cannot
be done. Your enemy may be barbarous and
cruel, but you cannot be barbarous and cruel.
The rule is clear and unquestionable. Perhaps
the true principle of law on this precise question
was never better expressed than by one of our
masters, Shakspeare, jurist as well as poet, when
he makes Macbeth exclaim—
" I dare do all that may become a man; '
Who dares do more is none."
So with us now. We are permitted to do all that
may become a man*, but nothing more.
But surely nobody will argue that the " bar-
barities of Andersonville" and all those torments
which we deplore can become n man. As well
might wc undertake, by way of retaliation, to
revive the boot and thumb-screw of the Inquisi-
tion, the fires of Smithfield, " Luke's iron crown
and Damien's bed of steel," or to repeat that ex-
ecrable crime which is pictured by Dante in one
of his most admired passages, where Ugolino and
his children were shut up in a tower, without food
or water, and left to die slowly,cruelly, wickedly,
by starvation:
" Thou modern Thebes! what though, as fame hath said
Count Ugolino did thy forts betray—
His sons deserved not punishment so dread."
Thanks to the immortal poet who has blasted for-
ever this sickening enormity, and rendered its im-
itation impossible. Thanks to that mighty voice
which has given new sanction to the mandate of
public law. And yet in this terrible case there
was retaliation, and the famished victim is re-
vealed as gnawing the skull of his tyrant. But
this was not on earth.
It is when we consider precisely th^ conduct
of the rebels, as it has been represented; when
we read the stories of their atrocities; when wo
call to mind the sufferings of our men in their
hands; when we gaze on the pictures introduced
into this discussion, where art has sought to rep-
resent the living skeletons; when the whole scene
in all its horror is before us, and our souls are
filled with unutterable anguish, that we confess
how difficult,how absolutely impossible, it is for
us to follow this savage example. And just 111
proportion as the treatment of our prisoners
tianscends the usages of civilized society, must
the example be rejected. Such is the law which
you cannot disobey.
Do not, I pray you, consider me indifferent to
the condition of those unhappy prisoners. I do
not yield to the committee or to any Senator in
ardor or anxiety for their protection. Whatever
can be done I am ready to do. But, as American
citizens, they have an interest that wc should do
nothing by which our country shall forfeit that
great place which belongs to it in the vanguard
of the nations. It cannot be best for them that
our country should do an unworthy thing. It
cannot be best for them that our national destiny
should be thus darkened. Duties are in proportion
to destinies, and from the very heights of our ex-
ample I argue again that we cannot allow our-
selves, under any passing passion or resentment,
to stoop to a policy which history must condemn.
There is not a patriot soldier who would not say,
" Let mo suffer, but save my country."
Mr. President, it is with pain that 1 differ from
valued friends on this occasion, whoso friendship
is among the treasures of my life. But I cannot
help it. I cannot do otherwise. It is long since
I first raised my voice in this Chamber against
the "barbarism of slavery,5' and I have never
ceased to denounce it in season and outof season.
But the rebellion is nothing btU that very barbarism
armed for battle. Plainly it is our duty to over-
come it; not to imitate it. And here I stand.
Mr. IrMLE. Mr. President, I was pleased
and instructed by the reference which the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, who has just
