1865.
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
1241
sum a depreciation of ten per cent. The bank
will say to a man who brings home that paper,
Yes, we will take it, deducting the penalty to
which we are liable." After this provision is
adopted, a farmer goes to the neighboring bank
in Indiana with an Indiana bill, which to-day has
better credit than your greenback or your na-
tional bank paper, and he says, " I want to pay
off my note; here is $100 of State bank paper."
The bank officer says " We cannot r-eceive it at
the bank; it is not upon our branch; we cannot
receive it unless at the rate of ninety cents on the
dollar; we cannot afford to give you any more,
because it is not bankable paper any longer;"
and yet the Government makes nothing outof it.
Jt is a loss to the people, makes no money to the
Government, arid gives the field to the national
banks who are to-day making money more rap-
idly than the true interestsof the country justify.
1 simply ask, Mr. President, that now when
the State banks are reducing as rapidly as they
can, we shall decide, as we did at the last session,
that equality is justice and right.
The amendment of Mr. Ramsey was rejected.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous conserttof
the Senate to be allowed, at this time, to submit
a report from a committee of conference.
No objection being made,
Mr. C'LARK, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No, 649) making appropiia-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, J866, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (U. R'.
No. 649) making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1886, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
tUek respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
first, second, fifth, twenty-seventh, thirty-fifth, forty-fifth,
and foity-eigiuh amendments of the Senate, and agree to
the wiiiu.
That the Senate recede from their amendments to the bill
of the House numbered thirteen, lourteen, fittcen, twenty-
eight, and twenty-nine.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to their third amendment, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out all of &aid amendment of the House, and inscit in heu
thereof the following: "Provuled, however, That any Sen-
ator who has already, as a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, received a portion of a set of the Congres-
sional Globe, shall only be entitled to receive, as such Sen-
ator, the additional volumes required to complete one full
get."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: add at the end of said
amendment the words "so much thereof to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior as may
be necessaiy for the erection of said addition."
That the Mouse recede from their disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same, with
an amendment,as follow?: strike out the woul " ninety"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "seventy-five."
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to their twelfth and twenty-
fourih amendments, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twentv-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: insert in lieu of the
words btrickcn out the words "for legal assistance, and
other necessary, and special, and extraordinary expenses in
the disposal of private land claims in California, $10,000."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
forty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out of said amend-
ment all nfter the word " appropriated," in the eighth line,
and insert m lieu thereof the following: "and for the pur-
pose of furnishing and fitting up suitable rooms for the of-
fice of the Attorney General, if it shall be necmaiy for him
to remove from the Treasury Department, the sum of $10,000
is hereby appropriated, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary."
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to so
much of the amendments of the House to their forty-sixth
amendment as is contained in the last two sections of said
amendment of the House, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
forty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: add to the end of
said amendment the following: "and the sum of $43,000
fc hereby appropriated to be added to the contingent niud
of the House of Representatives, for the purpose of paying
such contingent expanses as may ho directed by resv/iutwu
of the House." DANIEL CLAItK,
IRA HARRIS,
J. W. NESMJTH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
K. MALLOllY,
H. WINTER DAVrS,
Mcenager* on the part of the House.
Mr. CLARK. I am ready to explain the ac-
tion of the committee on the amendments seria-
tim or to answer any question of any Senator in
regard to any particular amendment, just as may
be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to know what
was done with the appropriation for extending
the printing establishment.
Mr. CLARK. It was kept as the Senator de-
sired it.
Mr.STEWART. Whatwasdone with Judge
Field's mileage ?
Mr. CLARK. He was kept as the Senate left
him.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 745) granting land to the
State of Michigan to aid in building a harbor
and ship-canal at Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point,
Lake Superior; and
A joint resolution (H. R. "No. 178) to author-
ize the continuation of the Joint Committee on
Commerce of the Senate and House after the
4th day of March, 1865, to complete their inves-
tigations and make their report on the subject of
trade with the rebellious States. .
INTERNAL REVENUE. \/
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
744) to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1804, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance to strike out the fifth section
of the bill, in the following words:
See. 5. Ami he it further enacted, That every national
banking association, Stale bank, or State banking asso-
ciation, shall pay a tax of ten percent, on the amount of
notes of any Suite bank or State banking association paid
out hy them aiier the ls-t day of January, 1866.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question before the
Senate, I suppose, is whether they will concur
with the amendment suggested by the Commit-
tee on Finance; for, although we hear from the
chairman of the committee that a majority of the
committee were in favor of retaining- this nfth sec-
tion, their report shows that they were against
retaining it, lor they have suggested to us the
propriety of rejecting the section altogether. The
question, then, I suppose, before the Senate is
whether that section is to be stricken out or not. I
think I am right as to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
That is the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is too late in the session,
and therefore would be altogether improper, to do
more than state the objection which I entertain
on this question as to the reason why I shall vote
in favor of the amendment. I think it involves
a constitutional question, free, in my judgment,
of all real difficulty. From the beginning of the
Government to the present time the authority of
the States to establish banks and to clothe these
banks with the authority to issue notes has never
been seriously questioned. When thecharterof
the original Bank of the United States was before
Congress, and when the subsequentcharter of the
bank of 1816 was before Congress, and when its
constitutionality was before the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of McCulloch vs.
The State of Maryland, the only question about
which thpre existed any difference of opinion was
whether Congress had a right to establish a bank.
The discussion tn both branches and the argu-
ment in the Supreme Court conceded that the au-
thority exieted'in the States. But when the Su-
preme Court affirmed the authority of Congress
to establish a bank, and Maryland imposed (what
she had not the authority to do) a tax upon the
exercise of that franchise within her limits, the
Supreme Court, by & unanimous opinion, and
they reaffirmed it in a subsequent case from Ohio,
declared that the State had no authority to impose
that tax, not because the particular tax in that
instance would have been any serious impediment
to the business of the bank or its office of dis-
i count and deposit in Maryland, but^because it in-
volved a principle, which, if carried out, would
be fatal to the right of Congress to establish a
bank at all.
I have said that neither in Congress nor in* the
court has the authority of the States to establish
banks been questioned. This section on its face
assumes the rightof the States to establish banks.
It is not a provision declaring that it shall not be
in the power of the States to establish banks and
; to give them the authority to issue notes, but it
professes to tax the notes, so far as the particular
section is concerned in this bill, for the purpose
of raising revenue. The bill itself upon its face
is a supplement to th.e original act, which was an
act to raise revenue exclusively. But I under-
stand the honorable member, with the frankness
which characterizes him, to say that the purpose
of the friends of this section is to drive out of ex-
istence Suite bank notes; in other words, to deny
to the State banks the authority to issue notes by
imposing upon them a tax which will render that
authority absolutely futile. That is precisely the
question upon which the Supreme Couit of the
United States unanimously declared that the tax
proposed by Maryland upon the Bank of the
United States could not be maintained. I shall be
compelled , therefore, upon constilutional grounds,
to say nothing of the question of policy, to deny
my assent to this section upon the ground of art
absolute want of power.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to de-
tain the Senate more than a few moments; butaa
the State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent is very deeply interested in this matter, I
will say a few words. After the very able speech
of the Senator from Indiana, and the pointed re-
marks of the Senator from Maryland, it is not
really necessary indeed to say anything.
The sole object, and I suppose uis on all hands
the avowed object of those who desire to place
this ten per cent, tax on the State banks, is to
drive out their circulation. No person contends
that it is for the purpose or raising money. That
purpose is clearly in my judgment unconstitu-
tional. Mr. President, if 1 were not in council
chamber with grave Senators, I should suppose
that persons who desired by legislative enact-
ment to drive out a better in order to substitute
a meaner currency, were a council of persons
who had probably taken leave of their wits; but
of course the surroundings forbid my enteitain-
ing any such notion as that. I dare say gentle-
men have good reasons for this measure, but I
regret to say they have not made them manifest.
This proposition is to tax all the State bank
issues after a certain day in January next ten pep
cent. What is the condition of these banks ? I
am not accurately advised about the condition of
the State banks throughout the country, but I do
know that the banks m Kentucky, every one of
them, are much better and safer institutions than
any of the national banks. The bank issues of
every bank in the State of Kentucky to-day com-
mand a premium over the issues of the national
banks, or the greenbacks, as they are commonly
called, and I will say further that there is not a
State bank in Kentucky that, if the law was
repealed authorizing greenbacks to be a legal-
tender, could not to-morrow resume specie pay-
ments. They never did suspend specie payments
until the passage of that law, and then they
availed themselves of course of it to pay green-
backs instead of coin when their notes were pre-
sented for redemption.
The distinguished Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, has changed
his views, I think, somewhat, about this national
bank system. I remember distinctly, when the
first national bank bill was under consideration,
that the Senator spoke most earnestly and most
ably in its favor, and he declared over and over
again that it would be the best currency in the
world, the best in the Union certainly, and 1 be-
lieve he went so far on one occasion as to say it
would be better than coin. The Senator night
before last, however, in some remarks he made
seemed to have changed his views somewhat,for
he announced to the Senate that the Government
had now to pay more than twice as much in this
paper money for articles it was necessaiily com-
pelled to purchase than it would have to pay if
the currency were gold, and hence he desired
heavy taxes to pay off the debt now.
It is, as I remarked before, strange indeed that
