m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Qner, I cannot forget that there is sympathy due
to the white soldier, and an obligation growing
out of that sentiment.
Let me suppose the case to be now as it was
at one tune as proved by the testimony before
us: starvation is going on; cruelty of every de-
scription is going on; our white men are dying
in consequence of that treatment; they are dying
by the scores; and those who have not been re-
lieved from suffering are sustaining a punishment
a great deal worse than death; an appeal is now
made to the honorable member from Ohio, who
has tens of thousands of white soldiers from New
Hampshire in those prisons thus being tortured,
and he is, told, u You can get them out if you will
give in exchange for them ten thousand white
men; but we have ten thousand black men whom
we will not exchange; we think they are not en-
titled to the privileges due to a state of war, to
prisoners; they are not prisoners according to
our view; they are slaves; and we will notextend
to them thedoctrineofexchange;" would he suf-
fer his ten thousand New Hampshire white men
to lie in prison until they died because he could
not get a proportion of blacks? Would he not
say, " I am willing to exchange, my object being
to get an entire exchange, but failing in that lam
willing to exchange man for man; 1 say that the
black soldier is as much a soldier as the white
man, and I will hold on to the prisoners that I
have in my hands sufficient to meet the number
of black soldiers that you may have in your
hands?" But if they are willing to exchange the
rest would he refuse it? Could he face his own
people and refuse it upon the ground that those
poor black men are more defenseless than the
white men? In that situation the white man is
as defenseless as the black; they have alike fallen
into the hands of the barbarians; they are sub-
jected to all the tortures known only to a savage
nature. You can relieve a part, but you refuse
it upon the ground that you cannot relieve all. I
submit—and I am perfectly willing that the judg-
ment of the country shall be pronounced upon
that; lam perfectly willing that the judgment of
the white soldiers and the black soldiers shall be
pronounced upon that—1 submit to the honorable
member from New Hampshire whether the duty
is not an imperative one to rescue from the thrail-
dom in which the white soldier is, as many of
them as it is possible to rescue, keeping m our
hands as many as enn be made to answer for the
refusal to exchange the black soldiers.
Wedded as the honorable member is (and I
am far from blaming him) in attachment to the
black, in a disposition to place him in all respects
on the same footing with the white, perhaps so-
cially for aught J know, but, politically, in the eye
of the law to give him all the rights to which the
white man is entitled, i suppose he has not gone
to the extent of saying that he is rntitled to more
rights; that he will punish the white without ne-
cessity in order to prevent the black from being
punished. Let me reverse it, and what would
be hisanswer? If I understand him he wants i he
black man out. Suppose the rebels say, "We
will let him out, but wc will not exchange the
white man; our antipathy to the white race of the
North is so great that him I will hold, him I will
starve, but you may have the black soldier,"
would the honorable member be for taking the
black soldier out and leaving the white man to
sudor? I presume he would. 1 think his heart
would tell him that he should. If he would pur-
sue that course in a case of that description, why
is it that he will not obtain the release of the white
man because the rebels refuse to exchange the
black man? The obligation in each ease is pre-
cisely alike, as X submit to the honorable member.
Mr. DAYIS. The honorable Senator from
'Maryland has stated very distinctly the position
which I have always occupied in relation to this
question. I frankly admit that if negro captives
and white captives belonging to the Army of the
United States are in rebel prisons I feel a deeper
and stronger sympathy for the white prisoners
than I do for the negroes, because 1 feel more
affinity and more interest to and for the white
race than { do for the black. It is my lace. I
make this avowal: that if there were ten thousand
negro soldiers and ten thousand white captive sol-
diers in the rebel prisons,and { had the option to
save one prisoner, he should be a white prisoner;
if I had the power to save half of the whole twenty
thousand, none of the white prisoners should per-
ish. I would endeavor to save the negro prison-
ers also, but not until the deli veiance of the whites
was accomplished. Whenever and wherever
either the white or negro races are to be destroyed,
and I can save either one and not the other, all my
instincts would impel me to rescue the white.
Other men might make a different election.
But upon this question of negro prisoners I
have always distinctly avowed, even as long ago
as December, 1863, the position that, when a
negro is admitted by the United States Govern-
ment into its armies, it is the duty of that Gov-
ernment to do everything it can for the protection
and preservation of the negro soldier, whether he
be at the time serving in the ranks of our armies,
or languishing in the prisons of our enemies; and
I make the same declaration now. But here was
the point which I endeavored to make yesterday
and tho day befoie, and which I made distinctly
in the Senate in December, 1863. The Secretary
of War, in his annual report of that year, por-
trayed the condition of things in Libby prison,
and he then brought to the attention of Congress
and to the nation thevery condition, to some very
considerable extent, of our prisoners that has
been portrayed in the report read by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan; that our prisoners
there were in want, that they were insufficiently
fed; that they were not sufficiently clothed or
housed; that from the scarcity of food and dis-
ease consequent upon it, and the want of medical
attention, and exposure, they were perishing;
and that report, which I now have before me, ad-
mits in effect that our Government was not pros-
ecuting this work of exchanging prisoners, and
the reason was, as I understand the statement of
the Secretary, because the rebels had refused to
exchange colored troops and their officers for
white rebel soldiers who were prisoners. My
position was that if the authorities of the United
States had the overture, the option, the opportu-
nity to exchange white Union soldiers who are
in rebel prisons suffering such tortures, and dying
rapidly from day to day, and refused to make
the exchange because the rebel authorities would
not exchange the negro prisoners they held for
them, our Government, m that respect, was de-
linquent,and it was little less delinquent and hor-
ribly delinquent than the rebel authorities who
thus doomed our unfortunate and brave soldiers
to such a dreadful fate as death by starvation. 1
maintain that position now. I have maintained
it ever. It is the dictate of my reason and of my
heart, and 1 boldly advocate it here and now, as
1 did fourteen months since.
Now, Mr. President, what was and is my com-
plaint? 1 called the attention of the Senate to it
by a resolution offered in December, 1863, ask-
ing the War Office for all the correspondence be-
tween the two Governments and their authorities
on the subject of the exchange of prisoners; and
that correspondence was in a few weeks after the
adoption of the resolution sent to the Senate. I
propose to read some extracts from it. l?ut, sir,
that was the apt time for the interposition of Con-
giess, for the operation of deep and humane and
stirring sympathies, for the eloquent denunciation
of rebel cruelty with which this Chamber has re-
sounded for the last three or four days. Why
was not the Executive and the Secretary of War
and the nation then invoked to come to the con-
templation of tins subject, and to act upon it as
duty, justice, and humanity demanded—to take
action that would avert the continuance of the
inhuman wrongs that were being done to ourgal-
lant but unfortunate soldiers in rebel prisons'
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] and myself differ upon one point. I main-
tained that the authorities of the United States
had opportunities, had overtures, had offers to
them by the' rebel authorities to exchange the
white prisoners who were privates, man for man,
fut their soldiers captured and held by the United
States. My honoiable fuend contioverts that
position. 1 am here with a little authority con-
tained in this report of the War Office to sustain,
yea, to maintain tt. I here avow that my senti-
ment and judgment in relation to this matter is
this, and i will state it in terms so distinct, that
gentlemen cannot misunderstand me—1 state'd it
as distinctly m December, 1863—rthat, if the au-
thorities of the United States had or could make
i the opportunity of having all the negro soldiers
exchanged, and the rebels refused to exchange
the white soldiers belonging to the United States
Army who were in rebel prisons, it was the duty
of our authorities to agree to such exchange, lim-
ited as it would be to our negro soldiers.
1 also made the converse proposition, that if
our authorities had or could make the oppor-
tunity to exchange white Union soldiers held in
rebel prisons, to the whole or to any extfent what-
ever, it was their duty, not to the rebel govern-
ment, but to the Union patriots who were lan-
guishing and dying in such horrible prisons, to
make exchanges to the whole or any extent of
their numbers, even though the rebel authorities
refused absolutely to give in exchange negro sol-
diers and their officers, and would give only white
men who had never had negro commands.
I will state the proposition in another form.
Suppose that in all the rebel prisons there were
thirty thousand soldiers in captivity; that one tenth
of them were officeis, and the other nine tenths
private soldiers, and-from any motive whatever
the rebel authorities offered that they would
exchange the private soldiers, but not the offi-
cers; I submit to gentlemen this question: after
reasonable efforts made by our Government to
induce the rebel authorities to exchange for offi-
cers as well as private soldiers, and after all these
efforts had failed, if the option was still left to
them to exchange for the private soldiers, nine
tenths of our countrymen who weic perishing
from starvation and exposed to the wintry ele-
ments, would it not be the imperative duty of our
authorities to exchange for these nine tenths?
Or should they be left to the horrible fate of the
other tenth because the rebels would notexchangc
for them? What claim of justice or humanity
would such course satisfy? What alleviation of
the horrid sufferings of the inevitably doomed
one tenth would it be for their common Govern-
ment to refuse to rescue nine times as many of
their comrades from such a dreary death, because
it could not force a cruel and inexoiable foe to
deliver up from it the other tenth? Misery is •
said to lovo company; but believe me, the noble
and brave American soldier, if loft himself to de-
cide the point, would never invite his comrades
to be company to such a havoc of death.
Now, 1 make a proposition another step in ad-
vance: that if a few hundred, or a few thousand,
or any number of negro soldiers were in rebel
prisons, and their officers aho, if you please, and
the rebel authorities weie unwilling, upon some
principle of right or policy, or fiom any cause
whatever, to exchange those negro soldiers and
their officers, but were willing and were to offer
to exchange their other white prisoners, the au-
thorities of the United States, after having ex-
hausted all reasonable effort to obtain a full ex-
change, comprehending each class and the whole,
when such an effort as that had failed, and the
only choice left was to exchange for the white
private soldiers and officers who had not com-
manded ncgioes or permit them ull to remain and
all to penah by starvation and exposure, it would
be the duty, however painful, of our authorities
to accept the proposition m the form in which the
rebels had made it.
Now, Mr. President, let me read a little from the
report of this correspondence between the Uniied
States and the confederacy, to show some of the
propositions that were made and rejected by the
parties in relation to the exchange of prisoners.
1 propose to show that the United States authori-
ties had the option offered to them again and again
to exchange for all the white private soldiers be-
longing to our Army held by the rebels in cap-
tivity, and that our authorities refused to accede
to it. As long ago as January, 1863, what did
Jefferson Davis, the president of the confederacy,
say in his proclamation from which this difficulty
about exchanging negroes first originated ?
"The enlisted soldiers I shall continue to treat as un-
willing instruments in the comtm-sum of these ennies,
and hli,iH diiect their di^ehmye and return to their homes
on the pioper and usual parole."
He did not even require an exchange for the
common soldier, but whenever there were white
men prisoners in the confederacy lie here declares
his purpose to treat them, even when they were
stirring up slaves in the confederate States to unit-
ing p gainst their masters, and the government of
their masters, as they contended as unwilling in-
strumentsjand to liberate them upon their proper
