'1-865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfeE.
IMS
cial ruin. Yet the Government has determined
to inaugurate the policy, and now, to make it suc-
ceed against the fixed judgment of the people, it
is proposed to drive out of existence all rival sys-
tems. The new system cannot live on its own
merits. It cannot brook competition. Hence the
strong arm of the Government must be brought
up to the rescue—not to sustain by favors and
privileges the new system, butto crush oattheold.
Let us see how these principles proposed to be
established wilt operate. Peace will come after
awhile. When it does come it will find a large
public debt to be liquidated. Each section, with
more vigilance even than now, will endeavor to
protect us peculiar and local interests against the
burden. In order to do so, as revenue must needs
be had, each will find excuses for placing the tax
upon the interests of the other. It may also be
safely assumed that each will use, as it may prop-
erly do, the conceded powers of the Government
to bring the wealth of the country to itself.
That being the case, the West may say that its
tobacco and whisky are taxed several hundred
per cent, on its value, while the maoufactures of
'the northern States are taxed but six per cent,
and protected by increased tarifF duties of at least
fifty per cent., thus enabling the manufacturers to
feel that the excise tax is a blessing to them and
a curse to the country. It is easy for us to believe
what we want to believe. Were this not the case
few persons would think it proper to drive out
the issues of State banks, bad as they may be,
to give place to the irredeemable circulation pro-
posed by the national currency. It may be easy
and very convenient for the West to believe that
northern affd eastern productions and manufac-
tures should pay more of the public burdens. 1$
may be equally as convenient to believe it just
and constitutional to divert a partof the accumu-
lated capital of the East to seek investment in the
West.
If I believed, as some seem to believe, why
could I not in my legislative capacity hereafter
say to our western friends, "There is a large
amount of capital in Massachusetts, an immense
amount in New York and other States; let us tear
it down, make it remove out West, settle upon
our rich and teeming lands, and there prosperand
build up our States; we want it to dig out the ore
from the Iron mountain; to draw out the native
ore of the Pilot Knob; to go to Newton county in
my State and dig up the lead ore of that country."
How can we do it? Put twenty-five per cent,
instead of six per cent., as proposed by this bill,
on the manufactures of New England and the in-
vestments of New York. Can you oppose it on
constitutional grounds? What objections have
you to it? Did you not tax out of existence a
bank in the State of Missouri? Did you not crush
the banks of Iowa and Wisconsin? It was no uni-
form or ordinary tax you levied; it was a tax of
ten cents on every dollar they issued. You levied
no such tax on national banks. Why cannot I
say twenty-five per cent, on you ? Is it not an
analogous case? What right have you to say I
tuft restrained or forbidden to do this thing? Why
cannot I do it? Cannot I lawfully put even fifty
percent, on your manufactures? If this should
not destroy your business we can repeal the tauff
and give you no drawback when you export. I
think you would pick up your capital and go to
farming or digging lead and iron in my State and
others of the West. Will you not? Surely so. I
think Senators ought to think what theyare doing.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow mcto
ask him a question?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to put a question to
the Senator because 1 cannot compiehend the
kind of argument he is making, as though the East
was forcing this system on the West. If I under-
stand it, and 1 ask the Senator if it be not correct,
the policy going against the State banks has been
from the beginning a policy against the eastern
Stales and has found its strongest supporters in
the western States. It is a measure that we have
supported for the good of the country peculiarly
against our section and in favor of the West.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from Mis-
souri will allow me to make an appeal to him. He
and I are both members of the same committee, and
1 am no more responsible for this bill than he is.
It is manifest if these various propositions are dis-
cussed at great length we shall never get through.
Mr.-HENDERSON. I assure the Senator that
I shall not speak many minutes longer. In an-
swer to my friend from Massachusetts I will say
that if he understands me as speaking against the
New England States, or as being hostile to them
in any particular, or if he understands me to be
otherwise than friendly to the New England
States, he is very much mistaken. I am only
endeavoring to show the dangerous conclusions
ofourpresentlegislation. I am exemplifying what
I think may be improperly done on this prece-
dent. When I say that 1 am friendly to all the
interests of the New England States, I do not
express my true feelings. I am more than friendly.
I admire as much as the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and perhaps more, the sacrificing spirit of
those States since this war commenced. 1 have
always admired the energy, the industry, the
learning, the greatness of their people. No Ameri-
can should feel otherwise than proud of the New
England States. He cannot speak of his country
and forget them. They constitute a large part,
and perhaps the noblest part, of the American
Union.
I cannot give point to my argument so well in
any way as by showing the great enormity that
might be perpetrated upon the industry and earn-
ings of an active, energctic, and frugal people, by
mere force of numbers. Their shield is the Con-
stitution. If we disregard it in one case, others
will come after us ready to use the precedent.
But I cannot delay.
Now, Mr. President, I say in the first place,
thisthingisunconstitutional; in the second place,
itdoesnotaid theGovernment. Tell me wherein
it aids the Government. If some Senator will
tell me I willgive up my opposition. If Senators
see no constitutional objection, and have no fears
that dangerous legislation may bepredicated upon
it, I am willing they may urge it; but no such
radical change should be made in the business re-
lations of a country, whether the act be constitu-
tional or not, unless the highest considerations of
public policy can be urged m its behalf.
If the -Government proposes to borrow money,
I presume each system of banks will loan if the
loan be thought advantageous. Capital seeks in-
vestment wherever dividends can be assured. The
mere conversion of State bank capital into na-
tional bank capital will not induce it to serve the
Government without fee or reward. State banks
invest in Government boi^s because of the hope
of profit. National banks, or rather those who
control them, are operated upon by the same mo-
tives. Senators seem to admit this view of the
case, butinsist that the State banks are continually
inflating the currency, and a wise policy demands
that bank circulation be curtailed.
Let us look at this argument. On the 1st of
January, 1863, the State bank circulation,in round
numbers, was $173,000,000; on the 1st of January,
1S64, it was #169,000,000, and on the 1st of De-
cember, 1864, according to a report which the
honorable chairman of the Finance Committee
has just received from the Treasury Department,
it was $136,965,902. Is not the State bank cir-
culation being decreased instead of being in-
creased? Unquestionably so. But if it be the
desire to decrease the circulation, I submit to Sen-
ates why it was that they sat here this morning
and contentedly permitted a bill to pass author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury in his dis-
cretion to issue $600,000,000 more of Treasury
notes. Do you dare to tell me that you want to
curtail the circulation? Is there any Senator here
who raises his head this evening and says so?
Why then did he vote for the proposition that
was passed authorizing the Treasury Department
to issue $600,000,000 more of Treasury notes ?
But aside from the Government issues which
we have authorized without a division, and for
which excuse may be rendered, we are asked,
under pretense of contracting the currency, to
foster and encourage a system which can do
nothing but expand in bulk and depreciate in
value. The argument in favor of curtailment may
be good, but I fear it is only urged against the
State banks.
I will state the result of the contracting process
in several States. The bank capital of Missouri
is $8,999,220. The circulation of the banks of
that State on the 1st of January, 1863, was about
$4,000,000; on the 1st of January, 1864, about
$2,000,000; on the 1st of November, 1864,,
$1,460,000, and on the 1st of January, 1865, only
$965,372. The object now is to drive all' that
capital into national banking associations, and
when you do it what will be the result? You tell
me that you are attempting to curtail the circula-
tion, but the very moment you do what you pro-
pose you actually put in circulation $8,026,298
instead of the $965,000 now outstanding. And
yet you tell me that you wish to decrease the cir-
culation, and thereby enable the Treasury De-
partment to get along with its financial affairs.
Now, let us look at the great State of New Y ork.
It has a banking capital of say $108,000,000.
What is its circulation? It was $28,000,000 until
you went there with your national banks, under
the pretext that you intended to curtail the circu-
lation, and you have issued $13,000,000 more, so
that, including both State and national hank cir-
culation in New York, there are now $41,500,000
circulation in that State.
How is it in Massachusetts? On the 1st ofDe-
cember, 1864, there was $20,000,000 of circula-
tion in that State. You were not satisfied with
that; you said you wanted to curtail the circula-
tion in the State of Massachusetts, and you au-
thorized national banks, and now you have there
$19,958,050 of national bank circulation, making
a total circulation of $40,303,486. You have in-
creased the circulation nearly $20,000,000,and yet
you tell me you are trying to decrease it, and that
unless you succeed the Government will be greatly
injured.
Pennsylvania was complained of for increasing
her bank circulation. How is it in that State?
Pennsylvania, on the lstofDecember, 1864, had
a State bank circulation of $20,323,390. You
wanted to decrease the currency, and through
your national bank system you have authorized
$16,544,160 of national hank paper in that State,
making a total circulation in Pennsylvania of
nearly $37,000,000 instead of the $20,000,000 that
existed there previously, and you tell me that
you do it in order to decrease the circulation!
How is it in "Vermont? On the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1864, the banks of that gallant little State
had a circulation of $5,415,600. You wanted to
curtail it. 1 remember well that it-was stated
upon this floor less than a year ago that Vermont
was expanding her circulation, that Maine was
doing it, that all the New England States were
doing so. In order to curtail the circulation in
Vermont you have established your national
banking system, and authorized to be put in
circulation by the national banks in that State
$1,579,200, making now an aggregate circula-
tion of $6,994,800. All this is done under the
plea that you must curtail the circulation of the
country!
How is it in Wisconsin? That State, too, I
remember, was complained of. Wisconsin, on the
lstof January, 1863, had a circulation of $2,235,-
105, and on the lstof December, 1864, $2,248,492;
just about the same at each date. But you wanted
to curtail the circulation in Wisconsin, and you
have authorized to be issued to the national banks
$840,000 more, and still the work goes on, You
have nowan aggregate circulation in the State of
Wisconsin of $3,088,492.
You have already m circulation $96,000,000
of the national bank currrncy, while the State
banks have decreased $33,000,000, and you hav©
authorized by a law of the last session $300,000,-
000 to be issued, and yet all this is done under
the plea that it is necessary to curtail the circula-
tion! If the real excuse were givefi for this le-
gislation I should not object so much, but it ig
monstrous, in my view, to give such reasons as
have been urged upon the floor of the Senate in
favor of it.
Then look at the great State so ably represented
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance-—
the great western State of Ohio. I find that on
the lstof January, 1864, the State banks there
had a circulation of $5,936,333. 1 recollect that
some time ago the Senator said the State banks
in his State had expanded their circulation. I
find on the 1st of December, 1864, instead of hav-
ing expanded their circulation since the 1st of
January of that year, they had decreased it to
$4,135,439. Since the Senator has got the na-
tional banking circulation in operation they have
not only $4,000,000of State bank circulation, but
in addition thereto $8,579,870 of national bank
circulation, making an aggregate circulation in
