12U
that State of ^12,/l5-,309* nearly three times as
much circulation as existed before we began the
national bank system; and yet we are told the
objectofthatsystem is to decrease the circulation!
Mr. President, the State banks, as I have said,
are bound at some time to redeem their issues in
coin, and they have the coin with which to re-
deem them. The coin accountin the State banks
to-day is much larger than the circulation, taking
them altogether throughout the Union. How is
it with the national banks? How is it with that
system which you have established and now de-
clare shall override everything else in this coun-
ty? I should like to see the coin account of
the national banks, having already a capital of
$190,000,000, and rapidly increasing. 1 dare Sen-
ators to tell me how much coin theie is in those
banks. I said, when the national banking sys-
tem was established, the word "coin" is not
known in the act, and coin will not be known in
their vaults.
How do the national banks in any other way
benefit the operations of the Government? Will
some Senator tell me? I want that question an-
swered this evening before this vote is taken. We
have been told that if we drive all the State banks
out of existence the Government will then o-et
along with its financial operations. Will some
Senator tell me how it facilitates the operations of
the Orovernment? Shall I be told that individuals
will purchase the bonds of the Government pro-
vided you authorize those individuals to deposit
them with the Treasurer and to receive circulat-
ing notes to the extent of ninety percent, of then-
par value? Is that the answer? Then I have
already declared, and I reassert it, that the State
banks in this country hold to-day more of the
bonds of the United States than do the national
banks. Then why not let capital alone ? I have
said that you have no constitutional power to go
into the States, and to tear down their institutions
banking, any more than I have the right to go
into New England and tear down the cotton fac-
tories. You have no more authority by your act
to do thiij thing than I have to break up the man-
ufactories of New England, the su-ar-growing
interests of Louisiana, or the agricultural interests
of the West.
I am well aware that this proposition is going
to carry. I feel perfectly confident that it will
prevail. 1 am unable to give any aiguments
against it which will have any weight with those
whose opinions are fixed. 1 can but submit and
teavc the future to furnish that conviction which
in some cases experience alone can brinp*. I am
no advocate of bank issues, even the besu>f them
But among systems of bankingxliere is a choice"
and the issues of some are infinitely better than
those of others.
Sir, this is not the first time that a banking
Systern ot this sort has been forced oil a commu-
nity. linglarid went crazy about banking on one
occasion. 1 he trouble is that when a nation
commences a career of wild and reckless banking-
no man knows the end thereof. The limit can
never be reached. New issues stimulate specu-
latmn, and speculation croates demand for ad-
dmonal circulation. Destroying the State banks
concentrates the money power and makes it stron°-
in its demands. After the amount now authorized
is issued will you not authorize more? Do you
suppose you will ever stop the issue of a circu-
lating medium on the public securities of this
country? No; you have already passed the point
at which yon can do it. In less than five yeairs
from to-day the legislation of this countrywill
be greatly warped by a moneyed powe? called the
national banking system. You and I will live,
It wo live but a few years more, to see it a power
wi 1®"^' stlalt ^e unable to resist it.
When they come to Congress to make a demand
that their circulation shall be increased, that their
capita shall be increased, that new and more fa-
voiable acts of incorporation shall be passed, you
and and all of us will have to bow down and
acknowledge the superiority of the money power
Nations once were jealous of it. We have ceased
to he. We have trampled under foot all such
fears. We imagine the nation was once weak
We want it stronger, and to make it so we will
give the Government to the money power
I said there was a rage for banking mice in
pigland immediately preceding the South Sea
bubble. I hey got their satisfaction of it. There
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
March 1,
was a rage for banking in Franee upon one occa-
sion, and John Law gave the French satisfac-
tion. There is a rage for banking in America,
and the national banking system will nauseate
the stomach of every man in less than ten years.
Every dollar of the public credit of this country
is to be made capital upon which you are to issue
paper. The public debt of the country is to be-
come the substratum of a circulating medium.
The old prejudice in favor of the precious met-
als is to be abandoned. Money is the same as
public debt. Debt therefore is a public blessing
and not a calamity. But for the war we should
have had no debt and therefore no safe and sound
currency. This new era of prosperity and wealth
proposes to give each holder of public indebted-
ness ninety per cent, ofits par value in circulat-
ing notes, and by ostracizing all other circulation
force the community to take it. During the prev-
alence of the disease in the English mind on this
subject, and before the public debt was created
which shortly thereafter gave the South Sea bub-
ble its origin, it was supposed that the lands of
the kingdom constituted the proper capital for
banks. The rage for bank issues demanded
more than the precious metals could redeem,and
learned statesmen yielded to the fascinating idea
that the Government impress on a piece of pa-
per gave it the intrinsic value of metal, and that
wealth increased as bank issues expanded. They
did not abandon the thought that the paper should
be the representative of something valuable.
Having no considerable public debt, each man
was to be called on to put in his land as bank
capita], and this entitled him to its appraised
value in circulating notes. In our case we take
the public debt as bank capital, which instead of
being wealth or money is the want of either, and
to each holder we give circulating notes. Eng-
land was luckily saved from the consequences of
this humbug,^ only to be tempted into a system
scarcely less fatal—I mean the system of issuing
notes on the public debt. The assignats of
France were based on the confiscated lands of the
nobility and clergy falling under the penal de-
crees of the Revolution, and were a failure.
The land-bank system proposed by Briscoe
and Chamberlayne, 111 England,was ridiculed by
Macaulay in one of his essays, as follows:
" Pree'ininemly conspicuous among the political mounte-
r", )yhus'! bU!-Jl Ku'l's we'« sce" every day 111 Hie lobby
01 ibe House ot Comraoiis.wcre Jolin Briscoe and Hush
Ohainberlayne, two projector.- wonhy to have been mem-
ber Ot that academy wlucli (Jullivcr found at La ado.
Inese men affirmed that the one cure lor every disteinner
of the State was a land bank. A (and bank would work
(or England miracles such as had never been wrought for
Israel, miracles exceeding the heaps of quails and tile
daily shower of manna. There would be no taxes, and
yet the exchequer would he lull to overflowing. There
would be no poor rates, (or there would be no poor. The
Incoine of oveiy laud-owner would be doubled. The prof-
its ot cveiy merchant would bo increased. In short,the
Island would, to u e finscoe's words, lie the paradise of
110 world. The only losers would he the moneyed men
those worst enemies of the nation, who had done more
injury to the gentry and yeomanry than an invading army
from I-iance would have bad the heart to do.
" Hiese blessed effects the land bank was to produce
simply by issuing enormous quantities of notes on landed
security. 1 he doctrine of the projector was, that everv
per.,™ who had real property ouglu to have, besides that
property, paper money to the full value of that property,
f hus, if tus estate was worth £-2,000, he ought to have
Ins estate and £2,000 in paper money." w
We have only deducted ten per cent.
" Hoth Buseoe and Chamberlayne treated with thegreat-
est contempt the notion that there could be an over issue
of paper as long as there was for every £10 note a piece of
J.uid in tilo country worth £10."
Our political doctors now tell us that there is
no danger of an over-issue provided the national
banks make the issues, and in order that the
national banks shall have full sway, you must
remove the State banks. You will not foragreat
while maintain any limit on the national bank is-
sues. Are they any better than the issues of the
banks of my State with a capital of upward of
eigJ'^£^n£: an<J only S965>°00 of circulation,
and fed,000,000 of com in those banks with which
to redeem their circulation?
stop payment. -This difficulty they got over by proposhtr
that the notes should be inconvertible, and that eveiybody
should be forced to take them."
. Nobody, they said, would accuse a goldsmith of over-
issuing as Jong a* his vaults contained guineas and erowiw
to the lull value of all the notes winch bore his signature.
?o(.^ I"!1 in hla vaults guineas and crowns
to tile full value of all his paper. And was not a square
m e 01 ricii (ant! m Taunton Dean at least as well entitled
to be called wealtn as a bag of gold or silver? The project-
ors could not deny that many people bad a prejudice in
mvm ot the precious metals; and that, therefore, If the
land bank were bound to cash iio notes, it wouitJ very sooit
That was a necessary consequence; and now I
submit in all reason, that if the object of gentle-
men be to stop the inflation of the currency they
should commence somewhere else than upon th 
pitiful amountissued by the State banks. Thos 
banks, with a capital of $400,000,000, have a cir-
culation of only $136,000,000; and they are. re-
ducing if all the time. They have reduced it
#33,000,000' in the last twelve months; and yet
gentlemen say they do not reduce it fast enough.
It 1st very much like the wolf in ^Ssop's fables,
that eomplained of the lamb for muddying th®
water above him. It should be confessed that we
are determined to sell Government bonds at par.
If they fall below that standard, the Government
wants the power to pour in upon the country ad-
ditional circulation until the bonds can be floated
It is upon the same principle that the canal-boat
is floated through the lock. The bond can be
sold for fifty cents in gold. It is true that the
fifty cents will purchase as much as the one hun-
dred cents in paper, but it is thought better to sell
ttfe bond for paper apparently at par, but really
at a discount. If the bond had always been sold
for gold, the Government credit would have been
at par to-day; but a vicious system was adopted,
whereby we purchase on Government account at
currency prices, agreeing ultimately to pay-in
gold. A great Government, the most powerful
on earth, ashamed to sell its bonds at a discount
of perhaps five per cent, for gold, is led into a
false position, and forced to pay two prices for
the subsistence and transportation o^its armies
$nd the construction of its navies, because it ha&
to seek a short credit.
But the error is to be continued. I have no
power to resist it. This banking system is the
legitimate fruit of the first mistake. It will havs
to run its course. Some things never cease to be
used until they blow up. Avieious banking sys-
tem is one of them. Every system that does not
redeem its issues in coin is vicious and corrupt.
Every such system will fail. It will bring dis-
tress and bankruptcy; but the world will move
on. Storms come and darken the skies, but the
sun shines again. All will be well at some time.
Looking at this banking system I feel as the
prophet felt when he gazed on Hazael. Hazael
committed his crimes, but the world lived on.
This is my consolation now. I hope the world
may be wiser when one more attempt to make
something out of nothing shall have failed.
The question being taken by yeas and naya-
resulted—yeas 20, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckntew, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon, Dooiittle, Foot, Foster, flams., Henderson, Hend-
nclts, 11 owe, Johnson, McDougall, Powell, Kiddle, Ten
Eyck, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown. Chandler, Cloik, Conness Far-
,<rriVles' IIarl!m! Howaid, .Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye. I'omeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague, Stew-
art, Sumner,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and VVdson—22
ABSENT-Messrs. Cariile, Cow.ln. dale, Harding,Lana
of Indiana, Nesuuth, Richardson, and Saulsbury—8~.
So the Senate refused to strike out theseetioft.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 raoie after the word
"association" in the second lino of the section
to insert the words " or broker "
The PRESIDING OFF1CER. The Chair will
entertain the motion if the Senator makes it
though it has been thus far the understanding
thauhe amendments proposed by the Committee'
on Finance to the bill were first to be gone-through
with. "
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not insist on i*
JJ,e.*£E- '?,Na OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be continued and the amendments
of the committee will be acted on as chey are
reached m their order.
_ The next amendment was in line four of section
six,to strike out " six"and insert "two;" so as
to make the tax on crude petroleum two cents a
gallon.
The amenefment was agreed to.
^ The next amendment was in line ten of section
six, to strikeout" five" before*4 days'*and insert
ten. *
The amendment was? agreed to.
The next amendment was-in line nine of section
seven, after "oil"to strike out the words 4t pro-
duced and also the number of gallons," and to
insert " barreled or."
The amendment was agreed to.
