1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
slitution; and it was established for the purpose
of common defense, for the purpose of giving to
the States under that General Government such
local powers as the General Government saw fit
to give; and they could not exist as separate and
independent Slates except by virtue of the Gen-
eral Government which the people established.
Under that Government, the States could have no
separate, independent sovereignty.
Now, sir, two of the Articles of Confederation
explain the object of the establishment of that
form of government. The third article contains
virtually the preamble; it declares the objects and
the purposes of establishing; that Constitution.
It reads thus:
" The said States hereby severally enter into a firm league
of friendship with each other, for their common defense,
the security of their liberties, and their mutual and geneial
welfare, binding themselves to assisteaeh othei against all
fnjee offeied to,orattacU>* made upon them or any of them,
on account of religion, sovereignty, trade, or any other pie-
tense whatever."
In this article is embraced a declaration of the
objects and purposes for which this Government
was established; and it was under this as the
Government of the United States that each State
had whatever local government it could possess
secured to it.
But, sir, in order to understand the full object
and intent of that form of government, it is ne-
cessary to read the last or thirteenth article:
  "Eveiv State shall abide by the determination of the
United States in Congre&sassembled on all questions which
by this Confederation is submitted to them; and the Ar-
ticles of'this Confedcuition bhall be mviolablyobseived by
eveiy Stare, and the Union shall he peipetual ; nor shall
any akeiation at any lime hereafter be made m any of
them, unless .such alteration be agieed to m a Congress of
the United .State*, and be afterwaid confiuned by the Le-
gislatures of every State."
It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that this ar-
ticle corresponds with one portion of what we
find in the preamble of the present Constitution:
"The Aitieles of this Confcdeiatiou shall be inviolably
obseived b) cveiy State, and the Union shall be perpetual."
Now, sir, the third article which I have read
and this last one embrace all the objects and pur-
poses for which this first Constitution was estab-
lished, " for their common defense, the security
of their liberties," and to make a Union that
should be perpetual.
This instrument was used for a few years as
the one through which the General Government
was operated. But, sir, it was found to be weak
and imbecile; it was found that there was not
power enough at the center, and that the vitality
at the extremities was so great that the danger was
the breaking up of the Union and the defeat of the
objects for which the Government was organized.
A convention was called, delegates being sentfrom
various States of the Union; and the resultof the
work of that convention was to give us the pres-
ent Constitution under which we are operating our
Government. Now, sir, let us see how long the
rule which was prescribed for the amendment of
the Articles of Confederation was regarded by the
men who established that foim of government
when it had been found that it did not secure the
great objects for which it was created, and how
long a constitution was allowed to stand in the
way of preserving the Union and securing the
liberties of the people.
The result of that convention was the Consti-
tution which we now have, with the exception of
the twelve articles which have since been added
as amendments. What is very singular, is that
the last article of the present Constitution reads
thus:
'•'The latification of th* conventions of nine States shall
he snfueient foi the establishment of this Constitution be-
tween the States, so ratitjmg the same."
That article of the Constitution is in complete
violation of the last article of the first Constitu-
tion, which required that any amendment should
be sanctioned by every State in the Union before
it became a pait of the Constitution; but under
this article of the present Constitution, when nine
States had ratified it, it should be established as
the Government of those nine States.
What was the object of establishing this new
Constitution ? JNTow, sir, there is something a
little singular, something marked, something that
is worthy of attention, that had reference to the
Articles of Confederation. The States united in
making them, while the preamble to the present
Constitution declares that—-
  Wc, the people of Uie United States, in Older to form
a more perfect union, &c., do ordain and establish this
Constitution for tlnvUnited States of America."
The Articles of Confederation declared that the
Union should be perpetual, but when they who
established it found that it would not answer,
they framed another Constitution, and announced
their purpose in the preamble. The pieamble
declared that t£ We, the people of the United
States, in order to form a more perfect union, es-
tablish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and es-
tablish this Constitution for the United States of
America." It was to establish a more perfect
union than the original one. The Articles of
Confederation could not stand in the way of the
accomplishment of these declaied purposes. The
old frame of government was swept away, and
another was substituted in its place. That was
in entire violation of the original instrument. The
liberties of the people made it necessary, and the
matter could not be referred to the people except
by pursuing such a course.
It is said, sir, in this House that the Constitu-
tion cannot be amended m the manner proposed
in this resolution and m regaid to the subject-mat-
ter embraced, notwithstanding the Constitution
piovides the mode and method by which it may
be amended. There is but one method provided
for amendment. It is the mode attempted by this
joint resolution. The Constitution provides that
a two-thuds vote of both branches of Congress
shall be required to pass a proposition for amend-
ment; and it is further provided that it must be
ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States before it shall become a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States. It is the method
now adopted in the proposed amendment.
I lay down this pioposition, sir, that when the
States latified the Constitution they yielded and
subscribed to all the provisions of that instru-
ment, among which provisions is the method by
which the Constitution could be amended. What
does a State subscribe to when it ratifies the Con-
stitution? It subscribes to the objects and pur-
poses declared in the preamble. Itsubscribes to
what is contained in the first article. It subscribes
to every article in that instrument, and among
otheis H subscribes to the one which provides for
an amendment to the Constitution. There is no
exception. I say that whenever the States finally
ratified the Constitution they subscribed to the
piovision by which that Constitution could be
amended.
But, sir, the objection is raised that certain arti-
cles of the Constitution pi escribe the powers that
ate granted to the General Government and the
rights reserved to the States, and which are not
gianted to the Geneial Government. I ask the
gentlemen who raise this objection where in the
Constitution they find it. 'fhey do not find it
anywhere in the first seven articles of the Consti-
tution adopted by the Convention and ratified by
the States. They do riot find it there, but they
say that we will find it among the amendments.
I turn to them and find certain rights are reserved—
articles nine and ten are the ones they refer to.
Article nine provides that "the enumeration
in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be
construed to deny or disparage others retained by
the people;" and article ten provides that " the
powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
arc reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people." Here is where they find ground for
their argument. Mr. Speaker, until these amend-
ments were added to the Constitution there were
no rights reserved to the States. I do not think
that will be disputed.
Now, sir, where did these amendments origin-
ate ? If they have not come to the Constitution
by virtue of this power of amendment they do
not belong to it. Tf any rights have been reserved
to the States they have been reserved by these
express words of the Constitution, and these
express words arc given to the Constitution by
a two-third vote of the House and Senate, and by j
the ratification of the Legislatures of three fourths
of the States, and these are simple amendments
of the Constitution by the method which the Con-
stitution proposes, and by pursuing precisely the
same process we are trying to pursue in order to
make this amendment.
Again, sir, is it pretended that anywhere in the
Constitution it has been expressed that it requires
the assent of every State to an amendment, or
that we are required to pursue any other course
than the one that is prescribed and expressed?
These amendments have been made by this same
process; and in those amendments it is not de-
clared that to take away any one of these lights
will require the assent of every State of the Union.
These amendments have not attempted to amend
that portion of the Constitution which instructs
us how amendments shall be made, but simply
express and declare the reservation of those rights
to the States or peoples of the States not enumer-
ated in the powers granted; and, sir, whatever a
two-third vote in Congress has proposed, and the
ratification of the Legislatures of three fourths of
the States have added to the Constitution, a two-
third vote of Congress and a ratification of three
fourths of the States can take away. And will it
be pretended that there is not the same power,
and by precisely the same process, to remove from
the Constitutipn articles nine and ten?
And if that be true it is in the power of Con-
gress and of these States, by precisely the same
process, indirectly to reach any question which
might be the annihilation of any portion of the
Constitution, under the same process. I will,
Mr. Speaker, suppose for a moment, for the sake
of argument, that we have no power under the
Constitution to propose in this body, to be rati-
fied by three fourths of the States, an amend-
ment taking from the States any one of the rights
reserved. I suppose that for the sake of the argu-
ment, and for thfe purpose of presenting another
point, and under that supposition I will submit
to members this question: what are rights re-
served? The preamble of the Constitution de-
clares certain purposes for which the Govern-
ment is established. The States and the people
of the States have given in their adhesion to
that instrument, and they have united together
for that purpose. Now, sir, what are rights re-
served? Are they rights to establish institutions
or to do anything by their local governments
that should destroy the force and effect of the
powers granted ? Or are the rights reserved those
only which would aid to carry out the objects and
purposes of the General Governmcntitself? Why,
sir, the commander of an army who divides his
forces and sends a portion of them against the
enemy does not keep his reserves back to war
against those he has sent in advance. They all
go to the aid and support of the portion sent in
advance provided the enemy is too much for those
in front, and when the commander, with practiced
eye, observes that it is necessary for the reserves
to go forward, they go forward to the same kind
of work that those arc engaged in in advance.
Those in advance and the reserve both cowork
and do battle together for one common object,
the conquest of their common enemy.
Rights reserved! Why, just look at these
amendments which have already been made, and
you will find that they were all for the purpose
of securing liberties to the people, and not for the
purpose of giving to them power of oppression
and despotism. Rights were reserved, fearing
tiiat the General Government might be too strong
or too weak; if too strong, thatit might trample
under foot the liberties of the people, might es-
tablish despotism; rights were reserved, if it proved
too weak, for the purpose of keeping vitality in
the General Government, that Jtshould be admin-
istered for the purpose of securing liberties to the
people, insuring domestic tranquillity, providing
for the co.T.mor. defense, and promoting the gen-
eral welfare. Reserved rights! Were any rights
leserved that any State should nourish within itself
institutions of any character which should create
turmoil, tumult, war, and bloodshed through-
out the whole land? Why, sir, one of the very
objects for which this Constitution was estab-
lished is being violated by an institution cherished
by State governments. It has been the sole cause
of -the four years' rebellion and war, and we are
told that we have no power to amend the Consti-
tution, to aid in getting rid of the evil.
if such was the case we might as well surrender
and say that we have no Government at all, be-
cause this institution which we are taking steps
according to the Constitution to remove is the
very one which lies at the foundation of the whole
struggle, bloodshed, distress, and desolation,
