1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
The next amendment was in lines eighteen and
nineteen of section seven, to strike out the words
""produced and also of the number of gallons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word " re-
moved" in line twenty of section seven, to insert
u barreled or.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of section
nine to strike out " tank" before i% or," and after
or" to strike out " other."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The word " tank" is
-proposed to be stricken out in several places in
that section. I suppose on« vote will answer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
understood, and that word will be stricken out to
make the bill consistent*
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 51, section
twelve, line eight, to strike out the word " act"
and to insert the word " law," and in line ten to
insert the word "competent" before "jurisdic-
tion;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 12. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all persons md
severy person who shall engage or be concerned in tne
■business of a lottery dealer without having firet obtained
a license so to <lo, under such rules and regulations as shall
-l>e prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall for-
feit and pay a penalty of £1,01)0, to be assessed by the as-
*esspr of the proper district and collected a* ass-e^sed taxes
arc collected, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of
this law relating to erroneous assessments, and shall, on
conviction by any court of competent jurisdiction, suffer
Imprisonment for a period not exceeding a year, at the dis-
cretion of tiie court. And it shali be the duty of all man-
agers and proprietors, and their agents, to keep or cause to
be kept, just and true books of account wherein all their
transactions shall be plainly and legibly *M t forth, which
books of account shall at ail reasonable tunes and hours be
subject to t(yj inspection oi the assessor, assistant assessor,
revenue agfcnt, and inspector of the pioper district; and
any manager, pioprietor, agent, or vender under this act,
who shall refuse orptolulnt such inspection of his or their
books, as aforesaid, shall pay a penally of §1,000 or suffer
impiisonment for a term not exceeding one year for every
such offense.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, section
thirteen, line three, to insert the word " ceased"
before the word " or," and after the word " has"
to insert the word " been;" m lines four and five
to strike out the words " was intended to be and
shall be assumed to be;" and in line six, after
the word "amendment" to insert the words
"shall be assumed to be;" so that the section
will read:
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That the capital of
any State bank or banking association which has ceased
or shall cease to exist, or which has been or shall be con-
vened into a national bank, for all the purposes of the act
to which ibis is an amendment, ehall be assumed to be the
capital as it existed immediately before such bank ceased
to exibt or was converted as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, at the
end of section thirteen, to add the following:
And whenever the outstanding circulation of any bank,
association, corporation, company, or petsoii, shall be re-
duced to an amount not exceeding five per cent, of the
chattered or declared capital, said circu'ation'shall be free
from taxation. And whenever any ritate bank or banking
association has been convened into a national banking
association, and such national banking association has
assumed the liabilities of tuch State bank or banking asso-
ciation, including tne redemption of its bills, such national
banking association shall be held to make the required re-
turn and payment on tiie circulation outstanding, so long
as such circulation shall exceed five per cent, or the capi-
tal before such conveu-ion of such State bank or banking
association.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend this
amendment by striking out " five," wherever it
occurs, and inserting " ten;" and also by insert-
ing after the word "capital, "in the eleventh line,
the words "existing at the time the same was
issued." The effect of the amendment will be
this: when a State bank shall have reduced its
whole circulation to an amount not exceeding ten
per cent, of its capital then the tax is not to be
assessed, and the tax is to be upon the amount of
the capital existingat the time of the assessment.
The State Bank of Indiana, for instance, has
within the last three years decreased its circula-
tion three fourths, and its capital has decreased
precisely the same amount. It certainly would
not be proper to tax the capital that existed three
years ago, and which does not now exist at all;
and it seems to me, when they reduce their cir-
culation to an amount not exceeding ten per cent,
of the whole capital stock, the tax should not be
imposed; and that is the effect of theamendment
that I now propose.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on striking out " five" and inserting " ten."
Mr. GRIMES. I confess that I do not see the
propriety of the original proposition as it comes
from the committee. It is not the capital the com-
mittee propose to tax; it is the circulation of the
banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain to the Sen-
ator, and he will see the necessity of it. This
section only applies to those State banks that are
going into the national system. By the present
law, in taxing circulation, we put a tax of one per
cent, upon the circulation to the extent of ninety
per cent, of the capital, and three per cent, on all
above that; and where a bank has become a na-
tional banking association,and consequently has
ceased to exist as a State bank, except for the pur-
pose of closing up the old bank, the question arose
whether the State bank was entitled to pay one
per cent, or three per cent, on ninety per cent, of
its capital; whether the capital was in existence
for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of the
tax. That is the only thing in the section. The
lattSr clause of the section is to require a national
bank, when it takes the place of a State bank, to
pay the taxes and assessments imposed on the
State bank. A case occurred, I am told, in Mas-
sachusetts where a State bank ceased to exist,and
the bank claimed, after having ceased to exist,
that it was no longer subject to tax, as it had gone
into the national association. The purpose of this
section is to make the national association pay the
tax on the outstanding circulation of the State
bank.
Mr. GRIMES. The latter part of the amend-
ment may be all well enough; but as I read the
first clause it directs that where a bank which has
had, say half a million of circulation, shall under-
take to wind up, and $25,000 of that circulation
is still outstanding not collected, that bank, al-
though it may be deriving a profit from this cir-
culation, shall not be compelled to pay any tax
upon that amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason of that I neg-
lected to explain to the Senator,and it is this: it is
presumed, from longexperience, thatfive per cent,
of the circulation of a bank of ten or twenty years'
standing is about the amount that has been lost
or destroyed in the process of business, and there-
fore it would be unjust to tax circulation which
really did ncw^exist. That was the theory of it.
My friend from Indiana thinks that five percent,
is too little. I do not think it is. I think five per
cent, would cover the average outstanding circula-
tion of a bank which has been lost or destroyed,
and which is therefore no longer m circulation.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the bank gets the
advantage of this £25,000 that is lost; and I do not
think it would be any very great hardship for
them to pay five per cent, on it to the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. How long?
Mr. GRIMES. For a reasonable length of
time; until after an opportunity for further legis-
lation on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the effect of thisamend-
ment, whether you make it five or ten per cent.,
is to say tlftxt the State banks may issue five or
ten per cent, on their capital without any liability
to tax it. It does not follow that they are to wind
up because the circulation is reduced.
Mr. GRIMES. Take, for instance, the Bank
of Commerce of the city of New York that we by
special legislation invited into the national sys-
tem or to take a national charter. If my recollec-
tion is not in error it had a capital of $9,000,000,.
and the whole amount of its circulation last year
was but $1,700.
Mr. SHERMAN. Really they had not any.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; but under this pro-
vision I suppose they can issue five per cent, or
ten per cent, (if the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana shall be adopted) upon that
$9,000,000 of capital, and they will not be com-
pelled to pay any tax on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If they have a circulation
not exceeding five per cent, of their capital they
do not pay a tax; but they are taxed for every
dollar over five per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; and if the amend-
mentproposed by my friend from Indianashali be
adopted they will be allowed to issue ten percent,
on their capital; and ten percent, on $9 >000,000
will be a very considerable circulation for a bank;
or it would be in my State. I am not disposed
to enact anything into a law here that will enable
that bank to have a circulation to the amount of
$450,000 without paying; any tax on k,
Mr. FARWELL. By an amendment which
has been adopted to this bill by the Senate, if this
bank shall pay out one of their bills tliey are to
pay ten per cent, upon it. That is tax enough
to keep them from paying it out. No other banks
can pay them out, and of course the bank muat
redeem its own notes as fast as they come in.
This is only providingfor those cases where they
do not come in. The bills cannot circulate an#
go to the bank if they are not in existenoe; thai
is certain.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa is all obviated
by a simple statement. By the fifth section ot
this bill these banks after the 1st of next Janu-
ary will be charged ten per cent, upon all their
issues. Now, the Senator seems to suppose thai
if they are exempt from taxation to the amount
of ten per cent, of their capital they may issue to
that amount; but there is no danger of that, be-
cause they are taxed ten per cent, for every dol-
lar they issue after the 1st day of January next;
and that will obviate the difficulty. 1 suppose
that when a bank has reduced its circulation t@
ten per cent, of its whole capital, with a view to
go into the national banking association, it ought
to be taxed; but I think the other branch of the
amendment more important, that they shall only
be taxed upon the amount of the capital existing
when the issues are made; and I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is willing
to agree to that. I do not know whether five per
cent, is too little, or ten too much, to cover the
loss of notes not in existence, which have gone
out of circulation, been destroyed, or obliterated;
but the idea that this proposition may authorize
a large increase of circulation is obviated entirely
by the fifth section, because the bank has no in-
ducement to issue when they are taxed ten per
cent, for every dollar they do issue.
Mr. JOHNSON. But I ask the honorable
member whether he is perfectly certain that that
would be the effect of the fifth section if the elev-
enth section is adopted. The fifth section pro*-
vides:
And be it further enacted, That every national ban&tng
association, State bank, or State banking association, shaU
pay a tax of ten per cent, on the amouut of notes of any
Sure bank, or State banking association, paid out by theifc
aftpr the 1st day of January, 1866.
Then this provision is, that when the circula-
tion is reduccd to five per cent, of the capital, the
circulation shall be free from taxation; that is*
free from taxation under this act.
Mr. GRIMES. The fifth section only applies
to notes paid out after a certain time.
Mr. JOHNSON. But that does not apply t®
this. The effect of this will be to exempt from
taxation circulation not exceeding five per cent.,
or ten per cent., if the amendment suggested is
adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know the Senator from
Iowa would not wish to do an unjust thing. It
is not the purpose to tax the banks that are trying
to bring their circulation in. They cannot bring
all m; for some is lost, some is destroyed, some
not piesented. I am informed by a banker of our
State, in whom I have great confidence, that in
winding up the old Bank of the State of Indiana
there was ten per cent, that could not be got in;
and the bank had to make provision by making a
contract, taking a bond from certain parties run-
ning far into the future, to redeem about that
amount, which 1ms never come in, because it is
lost. Ten per cent, is about the amount that the
winding up of that bank showed. It would be
outrageous to charge them upon that. This
amendment is a very fair proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out" five" wherever it occurs in the
committee's amendment and inserting " ten."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The Yf^JE PRESIDENT. The question now
ison the second amendment proposed bytheSen-
ator from Indiana, in line eleven of the commit-
tee's amendment, after the word "capital" to
insert44 existing at the time the same was issued.4®
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
