480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
which have prevailed all over the land for the last
four years. We have a practical illustration.
When the Constitution is turned to for the pur-
pose of showing a limitation of time within which
certain subjects should not be interfered with, we
find that up to 1808 it was claimed that the States
could employ themselves in the slave trade; but
after that time Congress could legislate, without
any amendment of the Constitution, and prohibit
it. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that it was
believed by the framers of the Constitution that
when Congress could reach the question it would
put an effectual stop to the slave trade, and that
that would be the end of the institution^itself.
The slave trade was a constant feeder of the in-
stitution until that time. It was supposed that it
must have this great sourcc of supply or it would
become exhausted and wear itself out; and no
doubt such was thelogicthat influenced the minds
of the men who framed the Constitution, that
when Congress could reach it by its power after
the year 1808, it would deal an effectual blow to
slavery, and that it would finally become extinct.
But with the great experience that they had, there
has been the experience of yeais since, and such
ari experience as shows that instead of its wast-
ing away, even with the checks that this Govern-
ment could put upon that trade, slavery has been
increasing with great rapidity, and slaves have
increased in number faster in proportion than the
white population of the country. That, therefore,
would destroy the proposition they advocated and
the conclusion to which they came. I have no
doubt if they could only have looked into the fu-
ture and seen the results as time has developed
them, they would have made a provision in that
instrument by which Congress could have exer-
cised control over the institution of slavery forits
ultimate extinction.
To my mind there Is no question, not the least,
in relation to our power. We have the power.
This cannot be a right re-served to the States.
When we see the evil which it generates, when
we see its effect upon the welfare of the country,
when we sec how much of internal commotion
and turmoil it has occasioned, we must see at
once that it is a disturbing, a destructive element
everywhere; not only in the States where it ex-
ists, but in the States where it does not exist. It
affects the general interests of the entire country
and the nation. There is no domestic tranquillity
now, and there never will be while this institu-
tion remains in the land.
This question of expediency it seems to mo is
but a mountain of frost which an hour's sun will
entirely annihilate. There never was a time when
the expediency was so great. Expediency or in-
expediency does not enter into tins question for
a moment. Now is the time, this session of Con-
gress, as speedily as we can act, for us to pass
this measure, and then State after State will take
it up and act upon and ratify it.
And in conclusion, for J do not propose to oc-
cupy the time of the Llouse much longer, 1 will
venture the assertion that if this resolution passes
this body by a two-thirds vote, some State that
either now has, or within the Inst four years had,
this institution of slavery within its borders, will
be one of the first and the swiftest to ratify this
amendment to the Constitution, and if their Legis-
latures can meet we will find State after State do-
ing the same, and if those in rebellion should lay
down their arms, and ask to be allowed to come
back into the Union, they will come with con-
stitutions lemodelcd, and with this amendment
ratified along with their constitutions. Ami we
would get more than a three-fourths vote, even
in the fifteen slave States. The revolution in pub-
lic sentiment is going forward, and as those States
come, one after another, and knock at the door of
Congress and ask that their Representatives be
again admitted upon this floor, they will come
with free constitutions, and will accept this prop-
osition as it goes from Congress, and will cheer-
fully ratify it. They will accept the terms joy-
fully, as contributing to their domestic happiness
und prosperity, as well as to the national welfare.
We find the most strenuous opposition to this
measure coming from free States. The Repre-
sentatives fiom free States are the most urgent
and vehement m their opposition to this propo-
sition. What a sad picture is thus presented.
While the great mass of those who come here
from the slave States arc asking that this great
boon be given them, and that they may be enabled
to get rid of an institution which pfesses upon them
directly, and indirectly upon every State in the
Union, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] is taking still stronger ground,
arid in advance of others who oppose this propo-
sition. His position, among others, is that the
true condition of the African race is slavery. He
is one of the Representatives of a State that has
over four million inhabitants.
Now, let us see what his State has to say against
the proposition that he lays down here. 1 read
from the constitution of the State of New York
—mark the language. Section one of article two
of that constitution is as follows:
"Every male citizen of the age of twenty-one years,
who shall have been a citizen for ten days, and an inhabit-
ant of tin? State one year next piecedmg an election, and
lor the la&t four months a. resident ol" the county whcie he
may offet to vote, s-hali be entitled to vote at bitch election, in
the election district of winch he shall at that time be a
resident, and not elsewheie, for all officers that now are,
or hereafter may be elective by the people ; but such citi-
zen fchall have been foi tliitly days next pieeeding the elec-
tion a re&iderit of the district lioin which the officer is to
be chosen lor whom lie ofleis 10 vote. l>iu no man of
color, unless he shall have been for tlnee yeai< a citizen
of tin* State,and foi one year next preceding any election
Miali have been seized and possessed of a liceiiold Obtate
of the value of ,$£350, ovei and above all debts and inoinn-
bianees charged thereon, and shall have been actually
rated and paid a tax thereon, shall be entitled to vote at
sneh election, ami no peison of color shall be subject to
direct taxation unless he shull be seized and poasubjied of
i>ueh leai stale as atorcsaid."
Now, if the true condition of the African race
is slavery, the great population of New York, in
its sentiment and in its action, in the establish-
ment of its organic law, must have been insane,
for they provided by their constitution that the
colored man of the age of twenty-one, and pos-
sessed of a freehold estate of the value of $250
over and above all indebtedness, and who should
have been a resident of the State for three years,
shall be entitled to a vote.
Will that gentleman or any other say that a
slave ought to go to the polls and vote ? Will he
pretend to say that the true condition of that man
who does go to the polls and vote is slavery? If
he does, he stands alone in his declaration; and
all 1 can admire m the man is his boldness and
firmness in supporting a proposition that so pal-
pably outiages humanity.
Mr. Speaker, but one wish possesses me in re-
gard to this subject: ltis that this resolution may
pass. I hope that the obstacles which have been
uused by members upon the other side of the
House will in their own minds melt away, and
that they will realize the true condition of the
country and see that the only way to restore the
peace that the country needs is to pass this reso-
lution and submit it to the action of the Legisla-
tures of the several States. I have no doubt as
to the conclusion at which the States will arrive.
1 feel confident that we shall have the ratification
of at least three fourths, if not more, and thus
settle fotovera question that has caused so much
painful anxiety to every lover of his country.
Mr. CRAVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have been
requested by my colleague, Mr. Voouiiees , to say
that he is still detained from his seat by the sick-
ness of Ins wife, who has been dangerously ill.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to announce that my col-
league, Mr. McKinwey, is detained at home by
a death in his family.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
under consideration has been discussed so fully
that 1 shalloon tent my selfwith staling very briefly
some of the reasons why 1 shall vote against its
passage. I do not propose, Mr. Speakei, to enter
♦nto any discussion with regaid to the power of
Congress to pass this resolution, or of lluee foui ths
of the States to ratify it as an amendment to the
Constitution. Sir, there are considerations out-
side of trie rnero question of power which will
control my action. It seems to me that gentle-
men have mistaken the true issue involved when
they argue that opposition to this resolution is to
favor slavery. Sir, I know that for myself 1
am not the fi icnd or advocate ofslavery. 1 know
that the Democratic party of the North is not now
and has never been a pro-slavery party. In a
speech which 1 delivered on this floor at the last
session, I took occasion to say that " I do not
defend slavery. I am not its advocate or friend.
1 have no interest whatever in the institution. If
it must die, as the legitimate result of the organiza-
tion of the rebellion, let it perish." I lepeat that
to-dav.
This is not a question whether slavery is right
or wrong. It is not a question whether slavery
oughtto be continued orabolished ; but it involves
the question whether we are willing to surren-
der to thi Federal Government the power to in-
terfere with and regulate the domestic affairs of
the States. I will not consent to aggregate new
poweis in the hands of the Federal Government
at the sacrifice of the States. This proposition
rises to such importance, that in n)y judgment,
if in a time of profound peace it was adopted, and
attempted to be enforced by three fourths oi the
States against the protest of the remaining one
fourth, it would produce war; and if this be true,
how unwise is it now, when we are engaged in
this most unfortunate war growing out of sec-
tional rivalries and prejudices, to add this new
element of discord to the strife.
Sir, the commotions always attendant on civil
war and revolution are not adapted to that calm
and deliberate thoughtand investigation so neces-
sary in making changes in the fundamental laws
of a nation. In times like these, unfortunately,
men are more apt to take counsel of their passions
than of the true glory and welfare of the Repub-
lic. I believe the adoption of this amendmant will
postpone peace, and obstiuct the return of the
States to the Union. It will intensify the strife,
and add new troubles to the adjustment of ques-
tions, which sooner or later must be committed to
the hands of peaceful negotiation.
There was no question discussed in the Con-
vention which framed the Constitution more care-
fully considered than that of the divison of powers
between the States and the Federal Government.
It was upon thisgreatquestion that parties in the
Convention wore organized, and the plans pro-
posed in that Convention, giving to the General
Government the power to supervise and control
the legislation of the States, were rejected by a
large majority. The Convention was firmly op-
posed to a strong national Government, and m
favor of a Government with limited and well-de-
fined, specific powers, with a reservation to the
Stales an d people of all the powers not delegated.
And an examination of the proceedings of the sev-
eral conventions of the States called to jatify the
Constitution, will show how anxious the people
were to guard the reserved powers of the States
from any invasion by the Federal Government,
and that they insisted on an amendment which
declares that—
"The powen not delegated to the United State* by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, arc lcsei ved
lo the State* respectively, or to the people.
Gentlemen in this discussion have seen proper
to denounce what is denominated " State rights."
I do not precisely understand what they mean by
this couise of argument. If it is meant that the
States have no right to secede and destroy the
Union, I will agree with them in that, because I
deny the existence of any such right. But if it is
meant that the States do not possess ceitain well-
defined and understood leserved powers, which
aie sovereign in their character, and which can-
not be invaded or subordinated by the Federal
Government, then I take issue with them. The
United States, under the powers delegated to it by
the Constitution, is supreme m the exercise of all
powers thus delegated. The Constitution is the
life of the Federal Government; it cannot exist
without it, and outside of that instrument enjoys
no powers. Within the powers delegated to it by
the Constitution it is supreme; but the Staus aie
also supieme in all their leserved powers. Both
the Federal and State Go\ernmcnts aie supiemo
each in their own respective and constitutional
sphere. Dues any gentleman controvert this prop-
osition? Even Alexander Hamilton, the ablest
and strongest advocate of centralized power, ad-
mits this much. In a speech which he delivered
m the New York convention he said:
"The, Jaws of the United States aie supreme as K> all
then proper constitutional object*. The laws oi the States
are nupiem? in the same vvav. Pnppobo both Governments
lay a tax of a penny on an amcle; had not each an uncon-
ttoilable power to coiiectiu own tax ? The meaning or the
maxim, tncie cannot be two supremes, is simply tins two
poweis cannot be supreme over each other."
And, speaking further oil the same subject, he
says:
11 [ maintain that the word supreme imports no more than
this, that the Constitution, and luvvs made in purcHUince
