1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The next amendment was to add at the end of
section fifteen, page 54, the words " unless other-
wise provided by this act;" so that it will read:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be
in foice and effect on and alter the 1st day of April, in the
year 1*65, unless otherwise provided by this act.
.The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing at the end of the bill as a new section:
Sec. —. JInd he it further enacted, That all persons
licensed under provisions of this act or the act to which
this is an amendment, and who are engaged in the sale of
goods, wares, or merchandise, or of articles produced or
manufactured, whether foreign or domestic, shall, within
ten days after the 1st day of eacli and eveiy month, make
return, under oath or affirmation, of the amount of goods
wares, and merchandise, or articles sold riming the month
preceding, and thall pay theicon a tux of one half of one
per cent.; and all 5-uch persons, in the assessment and col-
lection of the tax impoMid by this section, shall be subject
to the provisions of law relating to the assessment and col-
lection ot taxes of manufacturers unnjunued in the <>i«hry-
second section of the act to which tills, is an amendment
as far as the same are applicable. And the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, with the approval of the Sccietarv of
the Treasury, is authorized to make all needful mles and
regulations for the assessment and collection ot tiie tax
imposed by this scction.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment in iine nine by striking out the word " half"
and inserting the word " fourth," making the tax
one fourth of one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to debate
this question. This is the tax on sales. We
have put the tax at one half of one per cent, only
on the sales of persons engaged in tiade. Itdoes
not apply to all sales, but only to the sales of per-
sons engaged in trade. This was as near an ap-
proximation ot the view of the House as it was
possible to obtain. I think a tax of one half of
one per cent, is small enough. One fourth of one
percent, might in many cases be too insignificant
to collect, i hope, therefore, that amendment will
not be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is this tax to be imposed
on all sales?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it is to be imposed
on all sales made by persons who have to take
out a license under this law. There is no mini-
mum.
.The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the amendment to the amendment, and declared
that the " noes" appealed to have it.
Mr. GRIMES, i think this question import-
run enough to have a division of the Senate upon
it. I am satisfied that a tax of onelmlfof one per
cent, on sales will be the most onerous measure
ever passed by Congress; but I think a tax of one
fourth ot one percent, could be home by the peo-
ple of the country.
«?r" wou't' not pay for collecting.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Senator ever made
any calculation as to the amount that would be
derived from a tax of one toui th of one per cent. ?
Will he tell us how much it would be upon all the
sales that are made by the persons who are re-
quired to take out licenses in this country '
Mr. HOWE. You tell us.
Mr. GRIMES. More than fifty million dol-
lars would be leaiized. 1 know that these gentle-
men who are members of the Finance Committee
imagine that any calculation or any statement
Iimde by gentlemen who are not connected with
it is necessarily unsomid; but I tlnnka lax of one
fourth of one per cent, on ail sales made m this
country is just about us much as the people are
prepared to stand.
Mr. POWELL. I am opposed to the adop-
tion of this section. I concur with the honorable
Senator from Iowa that it would be one of the
most odious measures that could possibly be
passed. It is not my purpose to make any ex-
tended argnmenton the subject. Thisis simply
a tax on sales. It is a revival of the doctrines
that prevailed in Spain some two hundred years
ago under the rule of Philip II. 1 believe there
aic but two nations on the lace of the earth that
ever indulged in such a tax as this: one was Spain,
and the other was Naples; and they have both
abandoned it. The proposition of the Commit-
tee on !• mance is this:
oi^le'a^ to wlUo','C,fSed Un<tCr th6 provisions of this net
01 tJie act to whic.i this nan amendment, and who aie
eiigapil in uic sale of goods, waits, oi merchandise or of
much;- produced or mamitactured, whether loroi-n ir Jo
.nestle, shall, within ten days alter the 1st dn " of each
nud every month, make return, under oath or affirmation
ot tile amount of good., wares, and muchauihse, or am-
cies sold during the month preceding,and shall pay there-
on atax of one half of one per cent.
That provision would send the tax-gatherer
once every month into the house of every busi-
ness man in this whole country. The whole doc-
trine is odious, and one that never should be per-
mitted to exist for one moment on the statute-
book of any enlightened commercial people. I
am aware that this tax was recommended in the
report of the honorable Secretary of the Treasury,
a gentleman for whom I entertain the most pro-
found respect; and I regret, for the fame of that
distinguished man, that he ever made such a rec-
ommendation. I believe it was recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives, but was voted down by that
body. At this late period of the session I will
not attempt any elaborate argument upon it. I
know that under it articles may be taxed twenty
times before they reach the consumer. Those
who buy from the importing merchant will have
to pay the tax. They sell to the wholesale deal-
ers, and they will have to pay it. They sell again
to the jobbers, and they will have to pay it; and
then when the consumer buys, he will have to pay
one half of one percent.; and at last the whole
tax falls on theconsumer. Every commodity that
comes from one of your manufacturing establish-
ments and is sold has to pay this tax. Then the
wholesale dealer pays it when he sells it. The
various merchants throughout the country to
whom he sells it have to pay italso; and so, per-
haps, the tax may be paid twenty times over on
the same article before reaching ffie consumer.
Senators who desire the commercial prosperity
of this country should not entertain for one mo-
ment such a proposition as this. I will read to
the Senate the opinions of two or three men on
the subject who I suppose are entitled to some
consideration; arid 1 beg Senators to listen to
what these men say. I will first read an extract
from Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations. Speak-
ing of a tax on sales, Mr. Smith says:
" Jn conscqucnce of the notion that duties upon consum-
able goods weie taxes upon the protits Of merchants, those
duties have m some countries been repeated upon evciy
successive sale ot the goods. Ifthe prohtsol the merchant
lnipoucr or merchant manufacturer were taxed, equality
seumed to require that those of ail the middle buyers who
intervened between either ot themand the oonsmnervhnuld
likewise he taxed. The lainoub alc.ivalaot .Spain seem.s to
have been established upon this principle. It wa- at fiiM
a tax ol ten per eenf P aherwaid nl fourteen percent., and
is at present only percent., upon thebaic or" every sort
or propeity, whether movable or immovable; and it is re-
peated eveiy time the piopcrty is t-old.
" i he Iev>iny of thi> tax icq aires a multitude ot revenue
ofliceix, sufficient to guani the transportation of goods, not
only irom one province to another, but from one shop to
another. It subjects not only the dealers in some sorts
ol goods, hut those in all sons, every lannet, every manu-
facturer, every inei chant and bhopkeepei, to the continual
visin and examination of tlr«  ta,\-gailieieis. Through the
greater part of a countiy in which atax of ihis kimMs es-
tablished, nothing can he prodoecd lot distant sale. The
produce ot every patt of the country must he propoitioncd
to the consumption of the neighhoi hood. It is tothealca-
vala, acooidmgly, that Itanutz imputes the ruin of the
manutactuiesot Spain. He might have imputed to it, like-
wise^ the declension of agriculture, it being imposed not
only upon mauuiactures, hut upon the rude pioduceofthe
land. r
'• In the kingdom of Naples theie is asimilartax ofthree
per cent, upon the value of all contracts, and consequently
upon that ot all contiacts of <s:de. Jtis both lighter than
the Spanish tax, and thegreatei part of towns and parishes
are allowed to pay a composition In lieu of it. They levy
this composition in what mnntier they please, gem-tally In
a w.-iv that gives no interruption to the interiowcommcroe
ot the place. The Neapolitan tax, therefore, is not near
so rumoiiM as the Span^h one."—idam Smith's Weallhof
Nations, vol. 3, page 493.
Now, sir, we are about to enact that odious
policy of Spain. It is a fact, I believe, that
during the whole time that tax existed m Spam
they had no bank of issue in that country; their
commerce was stricken down; their Agricultural
wealth destroyed; and they became poorer and
poorer every day. It is further true that when
the cruel Duke of Alva attempted to enforce this
policy oil the Netherlands the Hollanders re-
volted against it more than against any other im-
position attempted by that cruel and narrow-
minded bigot. They resented the imposition of
this law more fiercely than they did the attack
on their religion. The Hollanders were then the
wisest commercial people oil the face of the earth,
and they understood the ruinous and destructive
policy that was sought to be imposed upon them
by their Spanish rulers.
Ail. Say, another eminent ^uthor, in his work
on political economy, speaks quite as pointedly
against the imposition of such a tax as this. He
says:
" Taxes upon transfer, besides the mischief of pressing
upon capital, are a clog to the circulation of property. But
lias the public any interest m its tree circulation? So
long as tlie object is in existence, is it not as well placed
in one hand as in another? Certainly not. The public
has a perpetual interest in the utmost possible freedom of
its circulation, because by that means it is most iikely to
get into the hands of those that can make the most of it."
—Say's Political Economy, page 259.
Thus speaks M. Say, an eminent political
economist, on this subject. I will now, with the
indulgence of the Senate, read a very short ex-
tract from another distinguished writer, John
Stuart Mill, who is certainly one of the greatest
intellects that has written on this or any other
subject in this century. Mr. Mill says :
" Of taxes on contracts, the most important are those on
the transfer ot property, chiefly on purchases and sales.
Taxes on the sale of consumable commodities are simply
taxes on those commodities. If they affect only some par-
ticular commodities they raise the prices of those com-
modities, and are paid by the consumer. If tile attempt
were made to tax ail purchases and sales, which, how-
ever absurd, was for centuries the law of Spam, the tar,
if it could be enforced, would be equivalent to a tax on all
commodities, and would not affect prices; if levied fiom
the sellers, it would be atax on profits; if from the buyeis,
a tax on consumption ; and neither class could throw the
burden upon ihe other."—Mill's Political JStotiomy, book
5, chapter jp
I do not believe there is a writer on political
economy of any note whatever but what has de-
nounced in the strongest terms this idea of a tax
upon sales. It is utterly at war with the free
circulation of property. It is utterly at war with
the commerce of any nation on earth. The Senate
are now about to trick themselves out in the old,
effete garments that were worn by the Spaniards,
that destroyed their commerce, destroyed their
agriculture,and destroyed all their industrial pur-
suits. Why, sir, all other nations have long since
abandoned it; and yet we are recommended here
to assume this policy. I shall never cast my vote
for such a proposition, or for any bill that has such
an odious feature in it. We are evidently a great
commeicial people as well as a great agricultural
people, and we should foster those great inter-
ests. We should not with such an odious tax as
this ruin our commerce, ruin our agriculture, and
rum all our industrial interesls.
I know this taxis said to be small. Itis smaller
than those the Spaniards imposed, a great deal
smaller than those the rulers of Naples imposed;
but ihe wise commercial nations of the earth have
long since abandoned all such taxes. Why, sir, if
you collect that tax strictly (but that would be
impossible) you would get tribute from one single
article perhaps twenty times within one week.
It is utterly wrong; it is wrong in principle, and
will work injuriously to the country. I could
not allow it to pass without entering my protest
against it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask what is the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on Striking out " one half" and inserting " one
fourth. '
Mr. POWELL. I understood that question
was decided. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asked for a division, and then the question
came up.
Mr. POWELL. I made my remarks against
the whole section.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. CONNESS called for
the yeas and nays upon the amendment to the
amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the yeas and nays are
called, I desire to say a word. 1 do not defend
tins tax on punciple; but if we are to collect it at
all, I believe one half of one per cent, is the least
sum that it is worth while to collect. This tax
will be universally distributed over a vast num-
ber of persons, and if we reduce it to one fourth
of one per cent, it would then be only one forty-
eighth of one per cent, per month, as it is to ba
collected monthly, and it would be too insignifi-
cant to collect. It is deemed best to collect it
every mpnth; but a tax of one forty-eighth of one
pel cent, would be too small and too insignificant
to collect. I hope therefore the Senate will try
the experiment with a tax of one half of one tier
cent. * t
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to make an in-
qun-y of the Senator. I understand this section
