482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Three of these Democratic Senators made speeches
in favor of the resolutions of instruction. Hon.
Murray McConnell, of the Morgan district, one
of the oldest and ablest Democrats in the State,
and known as the " war-horse of Democracy of
Illinois," made a bold and able speech in favor of
the resolutions—-a speech which will be considered
as the crowning act of a long and eventful life,
nearly all of which has been spent in Illinois, for
1 believe he has resided in the State ever since it
became a State; and he has ever been one of the
firmest and strictest Democrats we ever had in the
State. The other Democrats who madespeeches
for the resolutions of instruction were Messrs.
Scofield, of Hancock county, a brotherof thedis-
tinguished member of our House of that name,
but different politics, and Mr. Lindsey, of Peoria
county, in the congressional district of my col-
league, Mr. Ingersoll. A tribute of respcct is
due to all these Democratic gentlemen in our
Legislature who declared by speech or vote their
determination to permit the people of the United
States to amend the Constitution, to wipe out the
institution of slavery, so wicked and infernal in
itself, and which has broughtsuch untold horrors
upon the nation.
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Speaker, the
dominion of force is giving way to reason. The
rightful relations of men to each other are being
understood and acknowledged. Mutual reliance
is a law of civil society, and there is no such thing
as absolute independenceamong men. Whatever
is beneficial to a portion, says the political phi-
losopher, is beneficial to the whole community;
and whatever isinjurious toa portion is injurious
to th£ whole. Every individual is therefore in-
terested in the welfare of every other individual,
and this without limitation or qualification. The
obligation to render justice is as wide as the uni-
verse, and neither nation nor individual can over-
ride it with impunity. This rule has been recog-
nized by the more enlightened Governments in
their action upon the subject of slavery. Much
has been done within the last century to destroy
this acknowledgedevil,and the United States has
not lagged behind in the work. She wan the first
to discard distinctions of blood, which all history
proves to have been fruitful of oppression. She
was the first to proclaim to the world the inalien-
able character of the right to liberty, and this in
the face of powerful opposing inti rests. She was
the first, also, to pronounce the trade in slaves
upon the high seas to be piracy. Boldly taking
the lead of older nations, and while yet in her
infancy, like Hercules, she strangled white sla-
very in the Barbary States. She planted colonies
on the coast of Africa in the very paths of sla-
very and the slave trade. The example she has
presented of popular government has shaken the
foundation of every throne in existence. She
has done far more than other nations to under-
mine oppression everywhere, and is doing more
to-day than ail of them combined. She had greater
obstacles to overcome in the peifbrmance of this
high duty, but she hesitated not to grapple with
tyranny in all its Protean shapes; and, by the
favor of God, single-handed and alone, if need
be, she will utterly destroy it from the face of
the earth. Whatever other nations may have
done against slavery has been done under the
constraintof the example set them by the United
States of America, The grand old monarchies
of Europe have followed, not led, in this matter.
Their course in our present, and it is to be hoped
final, struggle shows that their sympathies are
with the oppressor. But justice will triumph,
freedom prevail,and liberty,exalted m this proud
capital, will exert its proper sway over the whole
world and forall time.
Other views of this question have been fully
and ably discussed already. I only wished to
vindicate our national reputation In this regard
against the too often repeated aspersions of for-
eigners. 1 am done.
Mr. STARR. Mr. Speaker, after the lengthy
and thorough discussion of the question before
the House by the many able gentlemen who have
preceded me, an humble individual like myself
cannot hope to say much with reference thereto
ahat will be new, neither can i expect to influence
the opinions of any gentleman upon the floor of
this House upon this important subject. It is
therefore with neither of these expectations that
I shall occupy the time of the House, but rather
that I may, in as brief a manner as possible, set
forth some of the reasons that influence me in the
vote I shall cast when the question is put to the
members of this House for their decision.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that I shall not attempt to discuss the constitution-
ality of the proposed measure of amending the
Constitution. That, in my judgment, has been
most ably and thoroughlydiscussed already, and
it would indeed be a great presumption for me to
attempt it. I am, however, quite willing to say,
that if the people of the United States have the
power to amend the Constitution as proposed,
then we are proceeding in the proper manner to
enable them to exercise that power if they choose
to do so; that they should have the opportunity
to determine for themselves whether or not they
desire such amendment, and that I envy not the
man who, professing to represent a free people,
is at the same time unwilling to accept their judg-
ment upon the institutions of the Government.
And just here, Mr. Speaker, allow me to say,
that in my judgment it is not a question of vital
importance, in considering the adoption of these
resolutions, whether or not the people have the
right to amend the Constitution as proposed;
That is a question to be settled by the Supreme
Court of the United States—rather let us, there-
fore, submit the proposed amendments to the
people for their action, and then the friends of
slavery can have that issue tried before the only
tribunal that can authoritatively determine it.
And there also can they try that other point
upon which my colleague [Mr. Rogers] seemed
to lay so much stress when he said—
"You must remember that it is proposed by this amend-
menttli.itthe States in which slavery exists shall have no
vote, because they aie not in a position to exercise the
lisjht to vote upon this question. But it is proposed that
three fourths of the States—State* wherein slavery does
not exi:«t; States which have no interest in that species of
pioperty—shall get together, and by the action of tluee
louithsof them deprive of their pioperty the citizens of
the loyal border States."
Now, sir, by this statement of the intention of
the movers ofthese proposedamendments, which,
though not entirely correct, yet is perhaps as near
so as he could make it; and by his objections
thereto, I understand my colleague to assert that
the power to amend requires the concurrence, not
only of throe fourths of the States represented in
the Government at the present time, but three
fourths of the entire number of States which com-
posed this Governmental the time of the breaking
out of the rebellion. This issue can also be tried at
the same time by the Supreme Court and a decision
rendered upon both. And yet, Mr. Speaker, I am
at a loss to discover any disadvantage in this par-
ticular respect my colleague, or rather those re-
bellious States for whose rights and interests he
displays so much anxiety, wiilexperience by their
" not being in a condition to exercise their right
to vote," us he calls it, but which really means
bring in rebellion; even though it should be de-
cided by the Supreme Court that they must be
included in estimating the number required for
approval of amendments, inasmuch as their par-
ticipation m the vote upon the amendments could
make no difference in the result, unless some of
them voted in favor thereof, and consequently
aided in doing that thing my colleague depre-
cates so much, "depriving the citizens of the
loyal border States of their property"—property
in slaves—ah act which, by the way, these loyal
border State men themselves seem very intent
upon doing, and thus anticipating our action in
reference thereto. Perhaps they do this out of
regard for the feelings of my colleague; perhaps
the fear that, owing to the opposition to the meas-
ure in this House, we shall not be able to secure
the abolition of slavery throughout the nation
may have induced these loyal border State men
to abolish the institution m theii States for them-
selves. I am, however, inclined to believe that
they did it because they had realized the evil as
well as the wrong of slavery; and that they de-
termined to get rid of the institution and its in-
separable evils at the earliest practicable moment.
Bur, sir, it is not necessary for me to attempt to
explain why they have done this; it is done, and
in nothing more than m this is exposed the false
philanthropy of these northern conservators of
slavery. These Pietists who, claiming that sla-
very is a divine institution piotected by the Con-
stitution, and best suited to the temporal and spir-
itual interests of both races, are told by thege ex-
perienced men of the border States that it is a
curse alike to whites and negroes, and that they
will have it no more.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is one point in my col-
league's remarks with which I can agree, and that
is the patriotism of the loyal men of the border
States; and in my judgment it shines out the
brightest and best in this great tribute they have
just paid to the cause of human liberty; for we
see them, while suffering from the devastating
effects of the war upon the soil of their States,
setting us an example of sacrifice and duty that
will be recorded in history with undying honor.
ThePe is, however,another point in the remarks
of my colleague, in which, if I understand him
aright, we can never agree, and that is, that the
States in rebellion, while in rebellion, must be
included in estimating the number of States re-
quired for approval of amendments to the Con-
stitution; that those States that have rebelled,
separated themselves from, and attempted to de-
stroy this Government, do nevertheless still hold
within this Government, under the Constitution
thereof, a controlling power with reference to mak-
ing amendments thereto; that they, taking up
the sword and bidding defiance to the Government
and its military forces, do at the same time hold
such rights underand within the Government they
are seeking to destroy as to prevent the people
of the United States, during the willful and deter-
mined absence of these rebels, and without their
consent making any change in the Constitution
itself. This, sir, is so gross a perversion of rea-
son that I can never agree to it, and I therefore
desire to submit it to the judgment of the people
of the United States, and their courts, in order
that right here, at this time, when this monstrous
claim of the right of rebels to control, through
the provisions of the Constitution, the legislation
and courts of the Government they are seeking
to destroy, may be met at once and settled for-
ever.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to make a brief
reference to the speech made by the gentleman
from New York city, [Mr. Fernando Wood.]
in his defense of the institution of slavery he
cited the cruelties of the negro race in their na-
tive wilds as a justification for enslaving, or rather
continuing the enslavement, of that portion of the
same race who are living under the influences of
Christianity and civilization. Now, I do not
propose to discuss that proposition, it is too ab-
surd for serious discussion, but I refer to it to
commend to his enlightened wisdom and philan-
thropy the consideration of the disposition to bo
made of that people who so recently, in a locality
with which he is so familiar, a locality claiming
and possessing a high degree of Christianity and
civilization, enacted scenes of cruelty and barbar-
ism upon a civilized Chnstian people that rivaled
anything he can liixl in stones of African travel.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, while I
yield my convictions to the more experienced,
judgment of other gentlemen upon this floor with,
great deference upon most questions, I must be
permitted still to entertain the opinion that debate
upon the resolution before the House was, in the
outset, injudicious. For it necessarily kindled
party prejudices and feelings by fanning the em-
bers of old issues destined soon to be buiied be-
neath the ashes of civil war. But while i think
it would have been belter to have "given our
thoughts no tongue," but simply a vote, yet,
" being in," we must so conduct the discussion
that our acts may not shame our words, if our
Government were purely national, a majority of
the people could amend the Constitution; if purely
federal, it would requne a concurrence of each
State of the Union; but being a combination of
both, a majority of the votes of the Legislatures
or conventions of three fourths of the States was. i
fixed upon by the framcrs of the Government as
a compromise method of amendment. Here, I
apprehend, is the cause of our divergence upon
this overshadowing question. We take the one
side or the other accoiding as our reading and
habits of thought have led us to give prominence
to the federal or national element.
The bold and impressive speech of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] made a little
time since, filled my mind with mingled regret
and admiration. His treatment of the subject
evinced not only unusual discipline and acqu«si-
