1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
tions, but extraordinary logical power. Clearly,
sir, 1]e has sat at the feet of the great South Car-
olinian till he lias himself become a master, pre-
pared not only to teach but to originate new refine-
ments and tn enlarge the body of subtle sophisms
in that torrid and pestilent school of political phi-
losophy. Admit the gentleman's premises, and
you will reject his conclusions with difficulty.
If our Union is simply a confederation of inde-
pendent and sovereign States, and not a Govern-
ment de facto; if it is only the agent of State
governments, exercising for their convenience and
advantage certain powers delegated by them-
selves, for specified ends, then clearly no change
in the instrument into which such powers are
framed can constitutionally be made as will en-
large or limit the legitimate scope and functions
of the General Government by encroachments
upon the reserved powers of the States. The
high contracting parties would never have con-
sented to conditions by which their agent might
gradually absorb all their reserved rights and
transform the confederacyintoacentralizedunity
of Government. They would authorize amend-
ments to the Constitution looking to the realiza-
tion of the original purposes of the Government,
but would notauthonzeany powerto trench upon
the reserved rights of an independent State. If
ttie Union is wholly a compact, the gentleman is
right, for the creature cannot claim of the cieator
or wrest from his grasp new powers by virtue of
the limited powers which have been bestowed
upon it; for if this were possible, it might by
gradual encroachments, through factious combi-
nations, ultimately absorb all power into itself
and annihilate the very sources of its being.
Assuming that the States had an independent
existence and an unlimited sovereignty previous
to the foundation of theGeneral Government,and
that the General Government rests upon certain
powers voluntarily surrendered for the purpose
of securing the objects specified in the preamble
to the Constitution, it will follow as an unavoid-
able sequence that neither three fourths nor any
number of States can constitutionally take from
a State any part of the independence and sover-
eignty not voluntarily surrendered up.
if, on this theory,the right to amend the Con-
stitution given to three fourths of the States covers
that reserve of powers, then it follows that three
fourths of the States have the right to establish
slavery, an autocracy, or idolatry in New Hamp-
shire, against the will and the moral convictions
of every citizen of the State, and in violation of
her sovereignty.
If the gentleman's theory is correct, there can
be no treason of individuals against the General
Government, for States only and not individuals
owe allegiance to that Government; andasStates
cannot be imprisoned or executed, not only does
the language of the Constitution become mean-
ingless and absurd, but the fatal crime itself
shirks the retribution which the voice of human-
ity and outraged justice demand.
Davis and Lee, et omne genus, are not traitors,
but patriots, fulfilling the highest and most sacred
duty of loyalty to the only government to which,
as citizens, their allegiance is due, and we are
constrained to pay them, not only a meed of
praise, but a uibute of heaitfelt respect, for the
dangets they have encountered and the sacrifices
they have made m the terrible struggle through
which they are passing for the defense of the
rights of suveieign States. In a word,sir,in the
masterly sectional debates which for a quarter of
a century rang out from these halls ot national
council, in the great political struggles of the past
and in the present bloody arbitrament ot arms,
the South have been right and the North wrong.
If the Government is a league of sovereignties,
subordinate to the States, and holding in trust at
their will a few delegated powers, secession is a
right, and the Union but a gilded bow upon the
political atmosphere, without substance or reality,
and ready to perish in our gaze on the slightest
movement of insensible forces; and we who sit
here are clothed with none of the attributes of
nationality, but represent independent Govern-
ments, whose interests are liable to fall into an
irreconcilable antagonism, with no regnant head
to harmonize the discordant elements.
Sir, 1 commend the gentleman's logic. I ad-
mire his feailess advocacy of his principles. I
am touched by the pathos and classic beauty of
his eloquence, but I utterly repudiate his political
creed as destitute of anyhistoue basis, and de-
structive of good government and civil liberty.
Our national Government was revolutionary
in its origin, and drew its powers, not from the
States, but from the people, the original source,
under God, of all political power. The States
were never supreme and unlimited in their sover-
eignty, never possessed as political organizations,
and therefore could never delegate, the privileges
which belong to the national Government. On the
contrary, they received their existence as States
independent of the British Government by an act
of the national Congress of 1776. The people
created and exercised the functions of a national
Government before they severed the dependent
colonial governments from their allegiance to the
Crown, and made them independent in, their in-
ternal and local affairs. The sovereignty of the
people is the fountain of political prerogatives,
and the right to make war and peace, to make
treaties, and to emit bills of credit, to raise armies
and regulate trade, and other kindred powers,
were never in the possession of the colonies or
the States to delegate to another. But the habits
of thought and the political predilections spring-
ing fiom their antecedent colonial condition, and
the apprehended danger of suffering the revolu-
tionary government to exercise undefined and
discretionary powers for a period of years amid
the hazards and temptations of war, led to the
establishment of the Confederacy. That, in its
practical operation, if not in theory, was a pure
political agency shorn of all the attributes and
powers of a national Government, by being made
dependent in its legislative, judicial, and execu-
tive action upon the opinion and will of the States,
jealous of each other and of their independent sov-
ereignty. Legislation was not allowed to lay its
authority upon individuals, but terminated wall
the States, and could only be executed by mili-
tary force. And here, too, it was powerless; for
it could raise neither men nor money, except at
the discretion of the States, which, by combina-
tion, could defy its authority. Any attempt to
enforce its acts against a recusant State would
have been a perilous revolution.
Why, sir, the fatal policy had hardly been
planted ere us legitimate harvest of ruin had been
garnered in the very spung-time of our national
existence.
The earnest remonstrances and solemn warn-
ings of Washington were constantly interposed
to sustain the courage and harmonize the efforts
of the people in their unequal struggle, yet the
system which some gentlemen still cling to with
the devotion and blindness of an eastern devotee
engendered such confusion of counsel and ineffi-
ciency of administration that the national energies
were paralyzed, and union and liberty rescued
from an impending catastrophe only by the help
of foreign troops and foreign money.
The political anarchy and utter prostration of
every material interest that followed the peace of
1783 have been drawn with such matchless power
by him whose comprehensive and philosophic
gemus has rendered his name peerless on theioll
of statesmen who adorned that splendid era, that
for us to linger upon it would be vain as an effort
to add darkness to night or luster to the sun.
Now, sir, it was while the nation lay powcilrss
in that Serbonian bog, that the Convention of 17b7
met "to foim a more perfect Union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote thegeneial welfare,
and secure the blessings of hbeity to themselves
and their posterity." Would they attempt this,
sir, by repeating the folly of a league of States,
the essential defects of which they had learned by
a bitter experience, and the inevitable results of
winch Madison, one of their own number, has
depicted with surpassing skill and illustrated by
familiar examples stretching along the path of
history from the Amphictyonic Council to the con-
federacy of the United Nethei lands? They did no
such thing. They were engaged in reconstruct-
ing their political institutions for the express pui -
pose of establishing a Government which should
not be obliged to act through State interposition,
and the Constitution which they fiamed, when
adopted became the paramount expression of the
popular will.
The old Government, as Curtis has said, was
" destitute of the essence of political sovereignty,"
but the new possesses the essence, and exercise®
the functions, of a sovereignty. To it has been
given the rigid, through its Supreme Court, to
define and limit itsown powers, and it is made, by
virtue of its being the direct legislation of the peo-
ple in their original and united capacity, the su- ,
preme law of the land, the whole land, State laws ,
of every description, and however enacted, to the ,
contrary notwithstanding. " If a number of po-
litical societies," says Story," enter into a larger
political society, the laws which the latter may
enact pursuant to the powers intrusted to it by
its constitution must necessarily be supreme over
those societies and the individuals of whom they
are composed." No evidence can be more con-
clusive upon this point than the records of the
Convention. It will be recollccted that three lead-
ing systems of government were propounded—a
federal system, by Patterson, of New Jersey; a
mixed system, by Randolph, of Virginia, and a
purely national system, by Hamilton, of New
York. That finally adopted was a mixed system,
in which the national element largely predomi-
nated. " Can we, as representatives of independ?
ent States," says Patterson, " annihilate the es-
sential powersof independence?" After arguing
the question* he continues:
It therefore follows that a national government, upon
the piesent plan,is unjust, and destructive of the common
principles of reciprocity."
How different from this is the language of Ham-
ilton :
"I have well considered the subject, and am convinced
that no amendment of the Confederation can answer the
purpose of a pood government so long the State sover-
eignties do, in any shape, exist."
He even doubted the efficiency of the Vfl^inia
system. But it was finally adopted by a decided
majority, and Mr. Randolph spoke, as follows:
"The tosolutions from Viiginia must have been adopted
on the supposition that a fedeial government was unpiac-
ticnhle, ami it i<= saul that power is wanting to institute
sueh a government; hut when our all is aUtake I Will con-
sent to any mode that will pieserve us."
In view of such evidence can there be a doubt
that the Convention that framed and the conven-
tions that adopted the Constitution regaided it as
the charter of a government mainly national in its
character? Where, then, does this vagrant, trans-
cendental sovereignty of which gentlemen speak
with bated breath and trembling reverence reside ?
By what authority does it utter its dicta against
the supremacy of the people, which underlies the
entire framework of government? Does not the
same right that authorized the people to legislate
the organic law into existence reside with them
still to amend or abrogate that law by such meth-
ods as they themselves have designated?
Sir, there is but one conclusion which can be
logically reached on this question. If our Gov-
ernment were purely confederate, the consent of
each party to the contract would be necessary to
an amendment of the Constitution. If it were
purely national, a major vote of the whole people
would make it binding upon all, though the
unanimous vote of entire sections were against it,
for the organic law is their legislation. But being
u mixture of both, the people have made it the
law that the major votes of three fourths of the
States, however'given to any amendment, shall
be binding upon all. That is the Constitution,
and New Hampshiie, and Kentucky, and every
other State must be bound by an amendment so
ratified, though the unanimous votes of the State
should be cast against it. And the nghtof Con-
gress to recommend amendments by prescribed
methods is as broad as the right of amendment it-
self. i do not deny that a State, under these cir-
cumstances, may repudiate the plighted faith of
the fathers, and elect a revolution rather than sub-
mission. But, sir, when any one of the old sister-
hood of thirteen, or any daughter since born into
the family of States and reaied into a vigorous
and prosperous maturity by the fostering care of
the Government, shall thus prove recreant to the
original bond, let her notcomplain if she is forced
to dunk the cunof bipod and desolation to its
very dregs, and let the unhallowed footsteps of
no man desecrate these Halls consecrated to
liberty who would justify oi palliate "the deep
damnation of her taking off."
And now, sir, aie there any limitations except
those specified in the Constitution to the right of
amendment? One gentleman asserts that limita-
tions are " to be found in its intent, and its spirit,
