1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•487
In view, therefore, of the erroneous adjudica-
tions of our courts, to which I have alluded, and
in consequence of a perverted public sentiment
induced therefrom, prudence dictates that our
safety in the present as well as in tho future re-
quires the insertion of an express clause m the
Constitution forever prohibiting slavery in any
State of the Union. I say the present and the
future safety of our country requires this, for
under our Constitution as it is now written man
has been held as property, his civil rights have
been wantonly trampled under foot, God's law
openly violated, and our country has been brought
to the verge of ruin.
One question remains. Is this amendment ex-
pedient? 1 will not insult this House or the coun-
try with an argument upon this point. I should
as soon expect a hearing in the demonstration of
a self-evident proposition; forjf it is expedient to
do right, if slavery is wrong, if " righteousness
exalteth a nation," if " sin is a reproach to any
people," if obcdiencc to the commands of God is
a duty, if national prosperity and the unity and
the perpetuity of our Government are desired,
then is this measure expedient. lis adoption in-
volves all of these, and its rejection imperils all.
There is nothing partisan in this measure; it
will serve all interests. Hence, why honorable
gentlemen will oppose it, and thus invoke the
judgments of God, and defy the will of the peo-
ple as recently expressed, and dig for themselves
ignominious graves, is beyond my comprehen-
sion.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] says " the Democratic party were al-
ways opposed to slavery." I will not, I have
no inclination, to controvert this at a time when
such nnghty interests are involved. But I will
say, that true Democracy never had and never can
have any sympathy with human bondage; and if
the Democratic party is now opposed to slavery,
as the honorable gentleman avers, the country
may take heart, for all parties now haimonize
upon this question, which has heretofore divided
and distracted the councils of the nation. I can-
not see why any one who believes slavery to be
wrong can wish to perpetuate it. May we not
do in fact what the universal judgment of all men
approves? The honorable gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Voorhees] says " slavery is dead." So
said my colleague from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
If tins is true, and who will dispute their veracity,
can any one complain if we clinch the nails that
hold the lid of it* coffin?
Therefore I hope to see the Democrats unite
with the Union men in this act, which will for-
ever prohibit an institution which all deplore and
condemn. The fruits of this act are not partisan
but they are national.
Mr. Speaker, I apprehend there are very few
of those who are actively participating in the
great national drama now being acted who real-
ize the importance of the part they are severally
performing1. There are times when " words are
things." The events as well as the utterances
of the last four years shall have a future. They
will be scrutinized by those who shall come after
us, and their influence will affect the destinies of
the Governments of the world. The United
States, the respective corporate members thereof,
and the several citizens of each, ore making his-
tory. A record will be kept for future reference,
and " woe betide"the man who neglects to improve
the present. The legislator who only contem-
plates the present moment is strangely remiss.
He who provides solely for the necessities of the
immediate now is criminally negligent. Such a
man would hesitate to plant a tree lest he might
not gather of its fi uit, or to build a house fearing
he miyht not enjoy its continuous shelter. The
sordidly selfish live not in the future. The ben-
edictions of posterity never greet their ears or
gladden their hearts. They are conservatives
extreme.
Had Genoa's navigator acted upon this prin-
ciple we were without a western continent, and
civil liberty without a soil m which to germinate
and mature. Had the Pilgrims only considered
their own privations and perils, Plymouth Rock
weie without its immortality, and our represent-
ative Government without a place among the
nations. Our ancestors had learned that Chris-
tianity was more than a ceremonial, and their
descendants have demonstrated that democracy
(I mean democracy in its generic sense) is more |
than a name. They are principles, handmaids,
coworkers, integral and essential parts of a free
Government. They are known by their works.
From the hour the morning stars first hymned
their song of praise they have harmonized in plan
and in purpose; and when they shall finally tri-
umph, as triumph they will, then may we ex-
pect the blessings for which my colleague [Mr
Brooks] so devoutly and earnestly prays, "Peace
on earth and good will to men." Till then he
need not hope. And allow me to assure him that
a democracy that does not harmonize with true
Christianity and freedom is essentially false.
Had the patriots of 1776 considered the sacri-
fices only which would follow their acts, we were
yet dependents and vassals of the British Crown.
Had their descendants in 1861 looked only to their
personal case, we were now a permanently de-
spised and a degraded nation.
I cite these instances, not to lecture, but to ad-
monish those who are actors in the present drama.
The past has its lessons, the present^its duties,
and the future its application of the teachings of
history and experience. There is a tide in the af-
fairs of nations as well as in men, which, when
taken atitsflood, leads to prosperity. Be it ours
to watch its ebbing. The Puritan as he stood on
the bleak shores of New England, saw a wilder-
ness give place to cultivated fields, rude dwellings
to comfortable mansions and populous cities, and
savage life to civilized joys and culture. They saw
the outlines of a Government winch, when ma-
tured, '* like the dews of heaven," would shower
its blessings alike upon all. They saw the stone
cut out of the mountain of freedom increase till
it filled the entire earth. The vision inspired their
hearts and nerved them to sacrifice and suffering.
Shall we who enjoy the fruit of their privations
and toil do less? 1 believe before God the hour
has come in which, if we would avert the judg-
ments of Heaven and save our nation from ruin,
we must render our organic law explicitly affirm-
ative on the great question of human slavery.
This being done, we may hope for that pence for
winch the friends on the other side of this House
so agonize and pray.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I did not expect to
take part in this discussion. A question so
thoroughly argued before the country for a gen-
eration, and one on which political parties have
pivoted so long, did not seem to me to need fur-
ther elucidation. And 1 do not lise now, sir, so
much to discuss and argue as to express my
gratification at the ptospect of the early and final
settlement of all questions pertaining to slavery
by the entire destruction of the system.
When, something more than a quarter of a
century ago, just commencing active life,! made
myself conspicuous in a limited sphere by attack-
ing slavery, I had no expectation of taking part
here and now in the grand consummation of its
utter demolition.
I had no idea then, sir, that it would live so long.
As it could be demonstrated to be wrong, con-
trary to natural right, and tending always to the
practice of cruelties and barbarisms of revelling
character, I thought it would die and the country
be rid of it speedily.
But I was mistaken. Argument and demon-
stration had apparently but little effect upon it.
Allying itself to the political parties of the coun-
try, it grew strong and rich and flourished vigor-
ously in the face of opposition. It dictated terms
of adjustment of political differences, and every-
where was felt as the most powerful element of
government in the country.
Starting out with friends who apologized for its
existence as one of the necessary evils of society,
something to be tolerated for a time only, it soon
came to assume the bolder position of light. It
left off accusing the English of fastening the sys-
tem upon their colonies at a time when they could
not resist, and thus placing the descendants of in-
voluntary slaveholders in the condition Mr. Jef-
ferson described as having the wolf by the ears
and able neither to hold him or let him go.
The pro-slavery men threw away supplication.
They asked no consideration on account of their
history. They no longer deprecated the exist-
ence of slavery. Mr. Ililliard, of Alabama, and
other frank and intelligent advocates, stated dis-
tinctly that their grounds of supporting the sys-
tem had chansred/ Tfeev now advocated it because
they believed it to be right. For the same reason
they wished it more widely diffused. It was a
proper relation between the two races, and where
ever there were white men and black men there
should be slavery.
But the extension of the system required the
consent of the General Legislature. The estab-
lishment of new territorial governments and the
admission of new States must be done by Con-
Should this consent be given ?
Upon this question parties were arrayed. The
discussion became general. Political conventions
declared themselves on the one side and the other.
Few side issues were tolerated. The main ques-
tion involved interests, social, religious, pecuni-
ary, political, greater than were ever submitted
to a popular election before.
It was decided against slavery. But the de-
cision was simply that it was not such a blessing
as should be extended. Yery mild, surely ! The
organization which prevailed took great care to
say that it would not object to the retention of
existing slavery. It knew the extreme sensi-
tiveness of the friends of the system, and would
do nothing and say nothing that indicated a pur-
pose to interfere with local authorities. Mr. Lin-
coln, as its organ, declared this with great empha-
sis in his inaugural address.
But this would not answer. The decision of
the popular election, however softened in terms,
was against the new pretensions of slavery. The
people of the country had said, in accordance
with the proper forms of law, that slavery was not
one of the institutions to be cultivated, cherished,
and boasted of.
And slavery accepted the decision as final. The
discussion had gone on for a generation with
great activity and been attended with much acri-
mony. The effort at repressing it with violence
had failed. Opposing argument had failed. What,
then, the use of another trial r No new evidence
could be adduced in its favor. No law of God or
man could be cited that was not already familiar.
No new threat could be held high in menace over
the action of the people in their primitive assem-
blages, or of the Representatives in their official
character.
Slavery had failed in argument, failed in menace,
failed in the popular vote.
But it would not yield. It did not believe in
popular majorities. It had been contending
against then! for years. When it saw the coming
decision it proclaimed long in advance that it
deemed it invalid.
The only other resort left was that of violence.
The ultima ratio of kings must be tried. It would
establish itself as a Government, and would de-
pend upon war to vindicate its right to be recog-
nized among the Governments of men.
We all know the result. It had an infernal
strength greater than any of us supposed. It has
destroyed hundreds of thousands of the beet and
noblest of our youth. It has rendered desolate
homes in every village and hamlet in the land.
It has loaded our labor with burdens that it shall
carry so long as the Government has an existence.
It has subjected us to insult from abroad that we
have been unable to repel. It has encouraged for-
eign nations to prey upon our commerce, and we
have been unable to prevent the wrong or retali-
ate in kind. Stunned, blinded by the blows that
it received in the contest, it thought, like Samson,
if it must die, it would lay hold of the pillars of
our temple of liberty,and mustering all its gigan-
tic strength, it would perish m the common luin.
But, thank God, we come out of the fierce con-
test victors. Bruised, bleeding, carrying wounds
which shall be visible for centuries on the body-
politic, as they now are in our streets on the per-
sons of thousands and tens of thousands of noble
men who had the patriotism and devotion to coun-
try which impelled them to the contest where the
fight raged fiercest, still gloriously victoiious,
we may say with Isaiah,44The terrible one is
brought to naught,and the scorner is consumed !"
And now, what shall be done with the demon
that, after a career of lust and wrong unex-
ampled in Christian countries, has added to the
crimes growing out of its nature the wide-spread
desolation which has been expeiicncedevery where
m all the States of this Union?
Does any one hesitate to say let it die? Has
it not deserved death and damnation for Hs crimes ?
