7
865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f89
of Maine, praying that steam whistles be placed
upon Cape Elizabeth, Matinicus Rock, and&uod-
dy Head, for the purpose of conveying informa-
tion to vessels approaching these points m thick
and fo^gy weather; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 present the memorial
of William Cornell Jewett, communicating to the
Senate of the United States certain facts of which
he professes to have knowledge. Of course I have
no knowledge of these facts and express no opin-
ion as to the propriety or impropriety of the
prayer contained in the memorial. Regarding the
right to petition as a sacred one, a right to. which
every ciiizen is entitled under the Constitution of
the United States, I present the paper as I would
any other petition or memorial handed to me
which was respectful in its terms. 1 ask that it
be read and lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks that this paper be read. Is there
any objection ? The Chair hears none.
The Secretary proceeded to read the memorial,
as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Yom memorialist begs leave io present to your honora-
ble body loi consideration the fact that the Singleton and
J31air misfions have anally failed, and there is theiefore
jio hope of peace through negotiation ; that it has now be-
come apparent that Fiance, Au-Uia, i?p.iin, and the Pope
intend rero'fnmn? the eonlVdetaoy after the minaugura-
tion of Prer-ident Lincoln ; that to that end Fiance and Aus-
tita have enteied upon a division or the Mexican Status
with a view to a s-poedy acquisition of California, and the
lobulation of power upon this continent, under the policy
th.it has contiolled in Europe lor the last ccntmv; tii.it
the issue now between the Noith and South is independ-
ence or exteiinination, und'-i which banneis the people
must divide and lally ; that it is folly to take any othei View
ot our national position, and likewise foil} to talk of the
South a> now bum; elicited, fioni alone c* hei spuit even
moie lonmdable than hei ariius''' from her ability to pm-
chase independence tSisoituh slavery, ami coupeiation in
e\tet!(h;m European rule, upon the Ai'in lean continent, and
fmm a late declaration niadtj by Gcmna! Sheiman, that
instead of the South being eonqueied the war had haidly
commenced.*5
Your itiemoriah-t theiefore piays that immediate steps
be taken for the leeo^intion of the independence of the
confedei ac\, and with a view to securing those great com-
ineicial leiations so highly impoitant, and wlncii will mine
to the hem fit of liuiopean Powei.-> unlets friendly lelatioun
of commerce, and an alliance offi nsive and detensive is en-
teied into;ond secured lor the benefit of tlic United States,
befoie Mieh advantages shall have been aequlied by Euio-
penn Powers.
To pto\ i^e against a misconstruction of motive,} our mc-
mou.di-t iK'iehy declares God and man, th.it lie sui-
ceielj believes such action nidi-pen-able to prevent a wai
with Em ope and to snecesMuliy defend, preserve, and pei-
petuate the Ainencai: Republic.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it usual to reail petitions
at length ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, but the
Senator from Delaware asked that this memorial
should be read, and the Chair said it would he
read if theie was no objection; the Chair put the
question, and no objection was made.
Mr. JOHNSON. AVhose petition is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know. It is one which was presented by the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. SH ERM AN. It is not usual to read such
papers at lenglli; and 1 object to its reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that it is signed by a man named William
Coi nell Jevrett.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I care nothing about
having the paper read.
The V1C{3 PRESIDENT. If there be objec-
tion to its reading, it will be for the Senate to
determine.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
Mr- SHERMAN. I'object, not because I
know what it contains, but if we get in the habit
of reading petitions, the whole morning hour will
be consumed in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
th<j Senate refused to allow the paper to be lead.
The memorial was laid on the table.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO A SENATOR.
Mr. NE3MITI-I. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to give my colleague
[Mr. Harding] leave of absence for the remain-
der of tin' session.
The motion was agreed to.
UEPO'lTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and tile Militia, to_whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 408) in addition to several
acts for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred the
letter of the Secretary of tile Interior transmitting
a copy of the supplemental report from the chief
engineer of the Washington aqueduct showing
the condition of the work and the present state of
the appropriations authorized and provided for by
the act of July 4,1864, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 141) reducing the duty on printing
paper, unsized, used for books and newspapers
exclusively, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred the
petition of William Hughes praying payment for
an "improvement of the grounds surrounding Ar-
mory square hospital, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 184) to facilitate proceedings in admiralty
and other judicial proceedings in the port of New
York, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
419) for the better organization of the pay de-
partment of the United States Army; which was
read twice hy its title, and leferred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 574) for the
relief of Alexander P. Piatt, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTORY.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Jlcsnh-cd, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into llie oi onhinu;a
!)u (-(Amy to be t <nm>iled and furnished to Congie&s in the
early pait of each session.
PAPEIIS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, it was
Ordered That the Committee on IVumouk be dHchar^e.d
noiii ihe tuiilier consuli'iatioii nf the petition of Mi.--. Har-
riot O Ite.Hi, and that tile petltiouei have leave to with-
draw hei petition and pupeis.
MESS AG K FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had eoncimed in the resolution of the
Senate in relation to the appointment of a com-
mittee to ascertain and report a mode of exam-
ining the votes for President and Vice President
of the United Slates, and had appointed Mr.
Tiiaddf.us Stf-iens of Pennsylvania, Mr. E. li.
WAiiir.uRNt of Illinois, Mr. Robkut Mai.loiiv
of Kentucky, Mr. Henry Winter Davis of
Maiyland, and Mr. S. S. Cox ot Ohio, the com-
mittee on the part of the House.
IIOCSE BILL REFEIIKKD.
The bill (II. R. No. 574) for the relief of Alex-
ander F. Pratt was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
COMMITTEE ON CORRUPTIONS.
Mr. WADE. As there seems to be nothing
else on hand, I move tiiat the Senate nowprocecd
to the consideration of the unfinished business of
Saturday.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask what is the regular
order of business before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the morn-
ing business is disposed of, the regular order will
be the unfinished business of the morning hour
of Saturday, that being the fullowmg resolution
offered by the Senator himself:
Resolve,', Tlut the special JUlJ of the Senate, No. 31,
be amended by adding these words: "A committee for the
investigation of the corruptions of the Oovernn*int In all
its departments and offices, to consist of five members."
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment to that resolution, which 1 desire to-have
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
other resolutions to be offered, the next business
in order will be the subject which the Chair has
just stated; and to that the Senator from Kentucky
submits an amendment, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
to add to the resolution these words:
Which committee shall be appointed by the Presiding
Officer of the Senate. Whenever there is a party political
Opposition to the executive administration of the Govern-
ment in the Chamber, the chairman ami majority of the com-
mittee shall be selected from the Senators in such Opposi-
tion. And said committee shall have power to continue
its investigations during the recess of the Senate, to send
for persons and papers, and to adjourn from tune to time
and from day to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this resolu-
tion the Chair is under the impression that the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale} is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. This subject came before the
Senate unexpectedly, and I, having some sug-
gestions to make upon it, was brought into the
debate very unexpectedly; but as I have com-
menced, 1 will proceed with what I have to say,
I have said that I was utterly opposed to the
creation of any more committees on frauds until
we had dealt with some of those which had been
presented to the consideration of the Senate. I
hold in my hand the report of the select commit-
tee of the Senate that sat last year, and I will read
to you the conclusions to which that committee
came:
{tAn examination of the evidence has satisfied your com-
mittee that tin3. Government lias suffeied as much by pur-
chases made diroetly by the chiefs of bureaus as in any
other way. This tact fs illustrated by the case of the pur-
chase ot a crank for the steamer Cambridge, an account of
which may be found in the conespondence of Admiral
Smith with the Navy agent at Charlestown, where nearly
or quite twice as much was demanded by Lazelle, Perkins
& Co. lor the aiticie furnished as it could have been pro-
cur* d for by the Navy agent 111 the regular course of business
as regulated hy law.
"At a time like the present, when taxes are so high,and
the burden of the war latin so heavily on the people, they
have an httoe.\pect and demand from those intrusted with
the disbursement of tiie public money fidelity, vigilance,
and economy.
'•In conclusion, your committee submit the following as
the result of the examination they have made:
"1. In the matter of contracts tor naval supplies last
year the Government has been mossjy defrauded.
These fraud* could not have been perpetrated with-
out aid ftom those in the employment of Government in the
buieaus.
< I). These remtuk^ apply to the Bmeau of Steam Engi-
neering, the I>uieau of Construction, £*c.,und the Buieau of
Yaidoi and Docks."
Not to be tedious, let me call the attention of
the Senate to a single one of these cases, the case
of the contracts for oil; and if the Senate will
give me their attention for a moment, I think they
will see that wc have something to do before we
raise any more committees to investigate frauds
in that Department:
" One of the tnon remarkable features of these very re-
markable transactions is the eontiaet.s loi sperm oil, under
the advertisement of February i:t, ISWi. at tin- several navy-
}aids. all made \\ith if. I) Stovm, fit New Yoik. At the
kitterynavy \aidtheie was noeontiact; at Chailestown
the puce was".*!. b5 per gallon. IJuinet Forbes was the
m-\t lowest biddei, at $1 per gallon. At Nbvv Vork tho
roniraof \va< awatded to Stovei, at $1 G8 per gallon ; 'lie
next lowest bidder was Burnet Fojbcs, at $1 7U. At Phil-
adelphia it was awiiided to Stover, at§2 35. The next
lovvc-t bidder \v,v Sroijeid, at .$5 40 per «nlion. « At
Wa^hmcton tin; contract wa- avvaidcd to Stover, at $2 A\
per gallon; the next lowest bidder wa* VV. A, Wheeler, at
Tim* Mr Stover took the contract for sperm oil at all
the navy-yards at tin- letting, at puces raniiing from £1 Pj
per gallon to 44 per gallon; and in no eas-e does the
pjico ot oil as awaided in the eomiactwiih Stover tall
more than five cents Immow the tuwt bidder, and m two of
the ca^es but two cents below, although the pnees range
from fcl ()>> to .-^2 44 per gallon; wnd what renders thi-5
coincidence the moie remarkable is, th.it while several
alterations m the puce* are made, the one most signifi-
cant is in the puce of i-penn oil delivoied at New York,
the puce of which wa^ ouginally put, in at .$1 40 per gal-
lon, and subsequently alteied to £l CS per gallon, just
two e.ent^ below the next bidder. Now, the committee
witn eontiilenee Mijmesi that it is haidly to be believed
that it lull- within the irmge of human sagacity hu any
in.in to he able so to gaiiiie ins bids for aiticie? to he de-
livered at (hti.'ient places, difieung so widely in amountas
thr*-e do, a- to fall in two instance" two cents and m two
uthei-i five cent-, below thu ne.u bidder; and credulity on
tin- subject is<til! fmther taxed when it is known ihatone
of those buK oiisiually §1 40, has been laiscd to #1 6^,
still keeping the bid tue lowest by two cents.
