1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
tons, and the whole requisition of the country is
not over three hundred and forty or three hun-
dred and fifty thousand tons. In addition to that
I know the fact that three or four mills within my
knowledge, one of them so large as to cover al-
most ten acres of ground, one half of whose fur-
naces are now going out of blast.
Mr. COX. I ask the consentof the committee
to make a statement of fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee cannot
give consent) they are acting under order of the
House.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Stevens were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 69.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The fourth section was read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That section fifteen of an act
entitled "An act Increasing, temporarily, the duties on im-
ports, and for other purpust's," approved July 14, 1862, be,
and the same hereby is, amended so as to impose a tax or
tonnage duty of thirty cents per ton in lieu of " ten cents,"
as therein mentioned.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by adding to this
section the following:
Provided, That the receipts of vessels paying tonnage
duty shall not be subject to the tax provided in section one
hundred and three of uAn act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay the Interest on the pub-
lic dobt,«end for other purposes!," approved June 39, 1864.
Iknow that the Committeeof Ways and Means
are not disposed to add to the burdens already
borne by the tonnage of this country. There is
this peculiarity about tonnage: the man who
builds a vessel pays largely of the tariff duties
upon the materials that enter into its formation—
the iron, the copper, and other materials. In ad-
dition to this, which is computed to amount to
$9,000 in gold upon every thousand-ton ship, the
ship-builder is obliged to pay a manufacturer's
tax like other manufacturers of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means are not opposed to this proposition;
but itought probably to be inserted in the internal
revenue bill. I do not sec, however, that the
adoption of the amendment will do much harm.
We do not intend, therefore, to oppose it.
Mr. PIKE. If the Committee of Ways and
Means do not intend to oppose it, let it be adopted,
and let the matter go to a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I rise to oppose
the amendmentof thegentleman from Maine,and
I do so simply for the purpose of making at re-
mark on another section of the bill. I yesterday
stated the grounds of my opposition to the provis-
ion of the tariff bill in respeet to duties on rail-
road iron; and I founded my remarks upon what
I supposed to be the actual condition of the iron
market at this time. I have since learned, on an
investigation of the subject., that iron rails, instead
of being held, as I supposed, at $IG5 per ton, are
reduced in the market to $115 per ton, and that
sales are offered even at a lower price. In the
opposition which I made to the provision my
object was not to inflict any injury whatever upon
the manufacturers of my country. 1 desire to
give them every protection which their interests
and the interests of this country demand, and
which shall be justified by the condition of the
country. I believe it to be our duty to adjust
our internal revenue and our foreign tariff in such
a manner as'to give the greatest possible amount
of protection and revenue to the country. I desire
to say that, with my present views, enlightened
as I have b^en by the investigations to which I
have referred, i shall sustain the proposition of
the committee.
The amendment of Mr. Pike was agreed to.
The fifth section was read, as follows:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, Tiiat the term statuary, as used
in the laws now in force imposing duties on foreign impor-
tations,shall be understood to include professional produc-
tions of a statuary or of a sculptor only.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire some explanation of
this section. I should like to know what this
unprofessional statuary is. Has this provision
reference to those people who import leaden
statues of Liberiy, &c. ?
Mr. MORRILL. I may state, in brief, that it
has been found that parties have in many cases
evaded the payment ofduties by importing articles
in the form of statuary, when they could not le-
gitimately rank as such. In some instances lead
has been thus imported to a large extent. We
had a law by which statuary was admitted free;
and statues of the " Father of his Country" and
of the "Author of the Declaration of Independ-
ence" were brought over in that way. I believe
that the gentleman is answered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know from
the gentleman from Vermont whether this docs
not refer to one particular firm. I want to know
whether this does not refer to Phelps, Dodge &
Co., and that firm alone. *
Mr. STEVENS. When statuary was admitted
free we had statues of Webster and Clay and
others in copper and lead imported, and so soon
as they were landed and taken out of the custom-
house they were melted down. It was a fraud
upon the revenue.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What firm did that?
Mr. STEVENS. Phelps, Dodge & Co.
Mr. WARD. I desire to move a new section,
and I think it will be appropriate here. It is as
follows:
That the Secietary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
directed to refund to the proper parly or parties the tax of
Jorty cents pt>r gallon collected upon all spmts imported
prior to the 7ih day of March, 1864, under and in pursu-
ance of section seven of an act entitled "Ail act to in-
crease the internal revenue ami for other purposes," ap-
proved March 7, 1864.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order.
This is a revenue bill, and the amendment makes
an appropriation, and is, therefore, not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opinion
that the point of order is well taken. This is a
proper amendment, not to this, butto theinternal
revenue bill.
The Clerk read, as follows: s
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all ca«5fts whore
there is or shall he imposed any ad valorem rate of duly on
any goods, wares, or merchandise, imported into the Uni-
ted States, and in all cases where the duly imposed by law
shall be regulated by, or directed to he estimated or based
upon, the value ot the square yard, or of any specified quan-
tity or parcel of such goods, wates, or merchandise, ii iihall
be the duty ot the collector within whose district the same
shall be imported or entered, to eau^e the actual maiket
value or wholesale puce thereof, at the period of tin* ex-
portation to the United fc5uto, in the principal markets <>f
tin1 countiy fiom which tin; same shall have been unpolled
into the United State*, to be appraised, and such appiai&ed
value shall be consideied the value npon which duty slmll
be assessed. That n shall he lawful lot the owner, con-
signee, or agent ot any goods, wares, or merchandise, which
shall have been actually puicha^ed or piucuied otherwise
than by purchase, at the time and not afterward, when ho
shall produce his original invoice or invoices to the col-
lector, and make and verily his written entry of his goods,
wares, or merchandise, as piovuied by section thirty-hx,
of the act of March 2, 1799, entitled An act to legulate
the collection of duties on iinpoib and tonnage," to make
such addition in the entry to the co>i or value given iu the
invoice as in Ins opinion may iais<  the same to the actual
maiket value or wholesale puce of such goods, wares, or
merchandise, at the pencil of exportation to the United
States, in the principal markets ol the country fiom which
the same shall have been imported, ami it bhaii be the duty
of the collector within whose di&tiict the same may be im-
ported or entered to cause such actual maiket value or
wholesale price to he appiabcd in accordance with Hie pro-
visions of existing laws, and if such apptaised value shall
cxceed by ten per cent, or more the value so declared in
the entiy,then, m addition to the duties imposed liy law on
the same, there shall bo levied, collected, and paid a duty
of twenty per cent, ad valorem, on such appraised value :
Provided, That the duty shall not be asse.-sed upon an
amount less than the invoice or entered value, any act of
Congress to the contrary notwithstanding: Jlnd provided
further, That the sections twenrv-thnd and twenty fouith,
of the act approved June 30, 1864, entitled " An act to m-
ciease duties un imports, and lor other purposes," and all
acts arid paits of acts requiring duties to be assessed upon
commissions, brokerage, costs ol transportation,shipment,
transhipment,and other like costs and charges incurred in
placing any goods, wares, or merchandise on shipboard,
and aJI acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of tins section, are hereby lepealed.
Mr. COX. I move to add to that the follow-
ing:
Provided, That the specific duty now assessed on tea and
coffee be repealed, and an ad valorem duty be levied on tea
of fifty per cent, and on cofiee ot twenty per cent.
Mr. Chairman, I understand from the point of
order made by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] that this was intended as a revenue
measure. The amendment I have just offered,
in my judgment, will not change the revenue so
far as these two articles of tea and coffee are con-
cerned. I believe, however, that if this really
were a revenue bill, the amendment submitted by
me in reference to railroad iron would have been
adopted. But the gentleman from Vermont, and
especially the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
think, regard this not so much as a revenue bill
as to protect the manufacture of iron. That is the
basis of all their arguments.
1 have not proposed any amendment to the tariff
bill looking to the depletion of the Treasury. The
rejection of my amendment, and gentlemen have
boldly proclaimed it, will have the effect to pro-
hibit foieign importation. If this had a proper
title it should be this: A bill to prevent revenue
to the Government.
The gentleman said that in spite of high pro-
tection to railroad iron by the present tariff there
were one hundred and twenty thousand tons im-
ported into the country during the last year. A
most horrible condition of things! As if we get
more revenue the less importation we have. Ac-
cording to that argument, when we have stopped
importation we will get the greatest revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 ask the gentleman whether
we have not derived under the present taiiff a
greater amount of revenue than under any since
the foundation of the Government?
Mr. COfc. The gent! email said that lie ex-
pected to get §100,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. We received #102,000,000.
Mr. COX. 1 understand only $70,000,000,
according to the estimates of the Secretary of the
Tieasury. Even if this be a revenue measure, I
do not think that my amendment in reference to
tea and coffee will affect the revenue. As teas
vary in puce from say seventy-five cents to two
dollars, the average is perhaps about one dollar
per pound. This is, on a gold basis, fifty per
cent, ad valorem upon every pound of tea costing
only a dollar. 1 propose to amend by making
all specific duties on tea, whatever the price, ad
valorem. What will be the effect? The opera-
tion would be to relieve all who buy the cheaper
teas, and put the tax on the rich men who buy
dear teas. And why should not the man who
indulges in the luxury of tea worth two dollars
a pound pay the higher tax, twice as much as
the poor man pays who buys tea worth only
seventy-five cents or one dollar a pound? The
great consumption of tea and codee is by the
poorer classes, who have large families and more
children; and therefore, if gentlemen are friends
of the masses of the people they will favor this
ad valorem principle in opposition to the specific
tax.
How is it as to coffee ? The same arguments will
apply. The tariff is now five cents a pound in
gold, or ten cents in paper. That will be equiva-
lent to fifty per cent, ad valorem. This amend-
ment will relieve all who buy cheap coffee at forty
cents a pound, and lay it upon the men who buy
coffee worth sixty or seventy cents. It is just
and fair that there should be an ad valorem tax
upon all articles which vary in price. Thegentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has adopted
almost exactly the same principle in respect to
sugar. He does not lay the same specific tax
upon sugar. He has a variety of taxes on that
article, varying from three to five cents per pound.
The tax varies with the quality ofthe sugar. Why
not lay a tax on tea and coffee on the same prin-
ciple? Why not favor the poor man, when you
do no injustice to the rich man ? At least do not dis-
criminate in favor of the men who have money to
buy the higherqualities of teas, and discriminate
against the poorer classes of community by mak-
ing them pay the same tax per pound that the
rich man does.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Cox,
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in at the end of the section:
Provider!, That the duty on the cloth now in the custom-
house in New York, and donated to and imported last fall
tor elotlung lor tile Sifters of Charity in tlio United States
is hereby remitted, and the same shall be admitted fiee
from duly.
I will briefly explain the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope by unanimous con-
sent I shall be permitted to make a few remarks
in favor of the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is acting
