1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
under an order of the House that there should be
no debate after the expiration of thirty minutes.
That time has expired;
Mr, MORRILL. 1 make a point of*order on
that amendment. It is not geimane to this bill,
it being in the nature of an appropriation. A re-
mission of duties.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand tellers on my
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory,
and Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 61.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
MESSAGE ER03M THE SENATE,
A message from the Senate,by Mr. Cobb,one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was. requested, an act (H.
R. No. 763) to amend an act entitled " An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 1862, and to amend an act
amendatory thereof, approved July 2, 1864.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. WOGD8RIDGE. I move to amend by
adding the following as a new section, to come in
after the sixth section:
Jindbe it further enuctcd, That In all cases since the 1st
clay of July, 1*363, where the United States havu been pur-
chasei by contact made prior to the passage ol" the joint
resolution entitled ''Joint ievolution to inciea<e tempora-
rily the dum* on import^,*' approved Apnl -29, increas-
ing the import duty on jitjcle-; embraced in such contract,
and delivered prioi to the passage uf j-aid joint resolution,
the appioprute heads of the Department and accounting
off'cers shallbe authorized,at their discretion, to settle and
adjust such contract up to the passage of "-aid joint i evolu-
tion, according to the contract puces specified therein ; and
on such portion oi the impotted articles as may have been
delivered and purchased siib<"quent to the passage of said
joint resolution there shall be allowed an additional sum
equal to the increased duty on such articles,
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that this amendment is not germane to this bill.
The CtIA 111MAN, (Mr. Littlejohn.) The
Chair must overrule the point of order.
Mr. WOOOBRIOGE. I ask consent merely
to explain the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Consent cannot be given
in committee; the committee are acting under the
order of the Hotfise.
Mr. WOOOBR1DGE. I will say to gentle-
men that this is a very honest amend merit.
The amendment of Mr. Woodbiudge was not
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer two sections
to come in after the seventh section, which have
received the assent of gentlemen on various sides
of the House.
The sections were read, as follows:
Sec. 8. *4nd he ii farther enacted^ That so much of sec-
tions thnty tune, t'oitv, forty-one, foity-tvvo, l->ity thiee,
and forty-lour of the act entitled "An act to regulate the
collection of duties on import* and tonnage," approved
Mai/'h 2, ]7t)9, as require tin; l>i«uuling, or maikmg and
certitynig of casks, client.*, vessels, and crimes containing
diMilled spirit,'i or teas, be and the same is heicby revived,
to be executed under such rule* and icgulatioiirf as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Trensuiy.
fc>ec. 9. Jindbe it further enactcd^ That the Secretary of
the Treasmy be, anil he w heicby, authouxed to increase
to any sum not exceeding $1,500 the salaiy or compensa-
tion of any deputy collector of customs who&c compensa-
tion i=> now limited by law to a lower sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The seventh sec-
tion of this bill is intended to secure freedom for
exports. I wish to move an amendment which is
in furtherance of that object, and which I have
been directed to report by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, but which there will be probably no
opportunity to consider at the present session
unless it shall be considered at the present time.
I move to insert the following as additional sec-
tions, to come in after the seventh section.
The amendment was read, as follows;
Sec.—. -And be it further enacted, That the arms and
munitions of war seized in or near San Francisco on or
about the 19th day ot August, 1864, under special order
No. 174, and deposited in Bemcia arsenal, (described in
the report of J. s>. Mason, acting assistant piovosttritir&hal
of California, to R. 0. Druan, assistant adjutant general,
datod November S5j 1664.) be forthwith delivered, by any
Officer having the same in custody, to the owner or owners
thereof, or their agents, to be exported under the laws of
the United States as they may see fit.
Sec. —. .And be it further enacted, That any collector,
or other officer, at any port from which vessels may by law
clear for any foreign port, refusing a clearance to any ves-
sel or cargo entitled thereto by the laws on that behalf
enacted* under or by lea^on of any order of any officer,
military or civil, ot the United States forbidding the ex-
position of any arms, munitions of war, guano, or other
merchandise, the exportation whereof is not prohibited
by act of Congress, sliali be liable to forfeit and pay to the
party injuied by such refusal twice the value of the prop-
erty so unlawfully detained, to be recovered in any court
o? the United States having jurisdiction of the cause.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That any arms, mu-
nitions of war, guano, or other merchandise seized for vio-
lation of any statute of the United States in any State or
district wherein the Uifited States courts are open, by any
officer, cml or military, or by any person acting for or on
behalf of the United States, shall not be detained in any
military or private custody, but shall be forthwith deliveied
into the custody of the marshal of the United States for
the district where the seizure may be made, and submitted
to the distiict court of the United States for the distiict
where the said seizure was made, to be proceeded against
according to law; and any officer, civil or military, making
any such seizure and tailing to deliver the property to the
marshal as aforesaid, or failing to submit the same to the
distiict court lor adjudication as aforesaid; or any marshal
of the United States making such seizure and failing to
submit the same to the district court for adjudication, or
failing or refusing to obey the judgment of the court for
the delivery of such property according to the decree or
judgment of the court, shall be liable to pay the pat ty en-
titled to such propeity double the value thereof, to be re-
covered by action in any court of the United States having
jurisdiction of the same.
Sec.—. *%nd belt Jurther enacted, That any officer of
the United States, civil or military, who shall prevent any
person from leaving the United States, by land or sea, or
shall demand onequtre any passport or other licence as a
condition of peiimttnig any pei.son leaving the United
States, by land oi .sea, unless, the person so pievented -hall
be liable to ariest, and be actually arrested by due process
of law, for crime, or shall be in the military or naval ser-
vice of ihe United States, or shall be arresied by the order
of the President, under and aceouhng to the act of Con-
gress authouzing the su-pctision of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, in the cases and .subject to ttie conditions therein men-
tioned, or is engaged in rebellion against the United States,
shall forieit arid pay to the party so detained not less than
§r>0U noi moie than §5,000, to be recovered by aeuon m
any couit of the United States having jurisdiction of the
cause.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will merely say
a word in explanation of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Maryland that no debate is in
order at this stage.
Mr. COX. Would it not be in order to rescind
that most ungracious rule calling off debate on
amendments?
The CHAIRMAN", The Committee of the
Whole can make no iuIcs for itself.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee rise
with the view to rescind that order. If we have
amendments offered to this bill we must debate
them.
On the motion that the committee rise, there
were, on a division—ayes 51, noes 46.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Morrill
and Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 57.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I raise the
point of order that the amendment offered by the
-gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] is not
germane to the bill under consideration.
Mr. DWIS, of Maryland. It is germane to
the seventh section of the bill, which is designed
to secure freedom of exports.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will again read
the amendment.
The amendment was again read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COX. If it be in order, I would suggest
for the information of the Chair that the amend-
ment lias reference to the custom-house; and cer-
tainly it is germane to section seven.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
the point of order, and knows no mode of over-
ruling that decision except by an appeal from the
decision.
Mr. COX. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair with the view to say one word.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the appeal
is not'in order. *
Mr. COX. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following as a new section:
*&ndbeit further enacted, That the duty on the cloth do-
nated to, and imported last fall for clothing for, the Sisters
of Charity in tUe United States, is hereby remitted, and the
same shall be admitted free from duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise the point of order
that we have already acted on this proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. This is not the same amend-
ment as that on which we acted.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not
well taken.
Mr. MALLORY. Cannot I say something
in favor of that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a good charity, and I
hope that the amendment will be agreed to.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
49, noes 57.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLER,ofPennsylvania. I will 5 if per-
mitted, withdraw my point of order to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. Littlejohn reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under
consideration House bill No. 795, amendatory
of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign im-
portations, and had directed him to report the same
back with sundry amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to permit me
to have a vote on my amendment in reference to
tea and coffee.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were concurred
in.
Mr. COX moved that the bill be laid oil the
table, and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 85, not voting 54;'as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Allen, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Hlits, Brooks, James S. Brown, Chaulei, Cox, Eden, Ed-
gejton, Eldndge, Engli.sli, Finek, Gannon, Grider, Hall,
ileiiick, Jlolman, Hutching Philip Johnson, KalbfhJif>eh,
Kemau, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mailory, Maroy,
Middle ton, Moi rison, Nelson, i\obJe, PeTiy, Pru>n, .Rogers,
Ross, John 1). Steele, William G. Steele, Towiisond, Voor-
hees, Ward, (Jhilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and
Benjamin Wood—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Ashley, Baily,
John f). Baldwin, Baxter, Leaman, Blair, Blow,Boutwell,
Boyd,Bioomall, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Colo, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Dumont, Ecklev,
Eliot, Fnni'*worth, Fiank, Gooch, Grmnell, Griswold, Hale,
ILgby, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Jeuckcs, Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, Oiiando Kellogg,
King, Littlejohn,Loan, Marvin, McAllister, MeBride, Mc-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Millet, Moorhead,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myeis. Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Peiham, Pike, Pom-
eioy, Tiice, William H. Randall, John II. liice, Edward H.
Rollins, Sehenrk, Seofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Srnith-
ers, Stevens, Sti les,^ trouse,Thayer,Thomas, Upson, Elihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge-—85.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. William J.'Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Blaine, Brandegee, William G. Brown,
Ambiose W. Clark, Clay, Coffioth, Cravens. CresvvelJ,
Henry Winter Davis, Denison, Donnelly, Driggs, Garfield,
Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Mains, Charles M. Har-
ris. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hulburd, William Johnson, Julian,
Ka-'son, Knot, Lazoar, Lonsyear, McDowell, Mclndoe,
McKinuey, James It. Morris, Udell, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robin-
son, James S. Rollins, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stuart,
Swea!t Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsvvouh, Winficld,
Fernando Wood, Worthmgton, and Yeaman—-54.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engroased,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. COLE, of California. I submit the fol-
lowing privileged report:
The committee of conference on thedisagreeing votes of
the two Houaeson thebili (d. No. 29U) relating to.the postal
