1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ignorance as to the facts stated in this report for
more than two months past, though no action has
been taken. I do not rise to oppose it, of course.
I am disposed to see the proposition now sub-
mitted carried out, and carried out effectually.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to have the
section read which it is proposed to lepeal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. -1 will send
it to tie Cleik's desk. It is a portion of the act
entitled "An act in addition to the several acts
concerning commercial intercourse between loyal
and insurrectionary States, and to provide for the
collection of captured and abandoned property,
and the prevention of frauds in States declared in
insurrection,"approved July 2, 1864.
The Cleric read, as follows:
"Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
for tiie Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the
1 resident, to authorize agents to purchase lor tllfi United
States any products of Slate? declaicd in insurrection, at
such places therein as shall be designated by him, at such
priecs as shall be agreed oil with the seller, not exceeding
the market value thereot i\t the placo of delivery, nor ex-
ceeding three fourllis of the rnaiket value thereof in the
City ot New York at the latest quotations known to the
agent putchabini?. Provided, That no paitot the purchase-
nioney for any pioducts &o puichn.sed shall he paid, or
agreed to be paid, out of any other fund than that ari&injr
from propeity«oid as captured or abandoned, orpurchased
and sold under the provisions of this act. All property so
puichased shall be fonvaided for sale at <nch place or places
as shall be designated by the {Secretary of the Treasury, and
the moneys arising therefrom, after payment of the pur-
chasf-monoy and the other expenses connected therewith,
shall be paid into the Trea-nry of the United States: and
the accounts ot all moneys so received and paid shall be
rendered to, and audited by, the proper accounting olficers
of the i'reasuiy."
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
it was so ordered; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and. under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which hitter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 am also
instructed further to report the following joint
resolution in connection with this matter, i will
state^ that the House can do as they please with
it. The committee have directed me to report it
in order to enable them to go forward with this
investigation and finish it up. I will ask to have
the resolution read, and then the House can doas
they please with it.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved, ^c., That the Committee on Commerce
on the purt ol the Senate, and the Committee on Coih-
nieree on the pai t ol the Uoutc, acting a< a joint commit-
tee in the Tlurt)-Eighth Congress, for the investigation of
tJ.nh' with the rebellious States, by virtue ot the i (-solution*
ol the Uou-e oiUcprm'iitutives and tiiecmicuiient resolu-
tion ol the Senate and House, be continued alter the 4th
d.iy of March, 186.">, for the puipose of Uos-ing their investi-
gation and making their icport; and the lepoit when com-
pleted, together with the evidence taken, be filed wuh the
Cleik or the House, and the same be printed: and the
chairman ot either oi the sjud committees shall liavi; power
to issue subpenas and compel the attendance ot witnesses
in the same niannci a:, the Speaker of the IIousc or Pres-
ident of the Senate.
The joint lcsolution was road the first and sec-
ond time; ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider belaid on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In connec-
tion with this same subject, I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the report and testimony taken and to be
taken by the joint Committee on Commerce be printed.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on tue table; whicli latter motion was
agreed to.
Mi. CHANLER. I move that forty thousand
extra copies be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the law.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Smith-
sonian Institution for 1864.
Mr. COX. In connection with this subject, I
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution for 1864 be printed,
three thousand copies for the use of the House, and two
thousand copies for the use of the Smithsonian Institution.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing, under the law.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, immediately reported
back the foregoing resolution with a recommen-
dation that it do pass.
The resolution was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of going into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 786) mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1866, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of bill H. It. No. 786, making* appi'opriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the first reading oCthe bill will be dispensed wuh,
and the bill will be read by clauses for amend-
ment.
There was no objection.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line eighty-four the following:
For a survey of and buoyings at Seekout river, from Paw-
tucket to India Point, m Providence, §1,000.
Mr, Chairman, this is the revival of an ap-
propriation made in the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
which was never used. The same reasons that
induced the appropriation in the first place are in
its favor now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing after the amendment just adopted the follow-
ing:
For Improving the navigation of Providence river from
Fox Point wharf to the Crook, so called, §20,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I observe in the bill
the following item:
For protecting the foundation on which Wau"Oshance
light-house is" coui-tiuctad, $90,000. 8
I desire to inquire what is the necessity of this
large appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS, We examined into the mat-
ter and found, by the representation ofthe parties
having charge of this work, that unless this ap-
propriation should be granted the whole light-
house and all the improvements would go into
the ocean. We thought it better that they should
be saved.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rose only for the
purpose ot making the inquiry. The amount
appeared^to me very large.
Mr. STEVENS. So it appeared to us; and
therefore, before reporting the appropriation, we
applied to the proper officers for information.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of line one hundred the following
..f"r improving the harbor ot Ashtabula on Lake Erie,
$1U,0U(),
This is a very important harbor, and is made
far more so by the railroad leading to it, which
is now nearly completed. It is very important
to the coal-mining and the iron interests that this
small appropriation should he made.
Mr. STEVENS, 1 think that this is not the
proper place to insert appropriations for improve-
ments of that kind, which have not received the
consideration of the committee. We have har-
bor bills in which such an appropriation might
be proper.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 move to amend by
inserting after line one hundred and fifty the fol-
lowing:
For laying the gas-pipe, erecting lamp-posts and lamps,
and lighting Franklin square, $8,000.
This isa very important square. The inhab-
itanisofthis city have petitioned foran appropria-
tion of this kind, and I think that their applica-
tion should be granted. Thissquare wasgranted
by the city upon the condition that it should he
kept lighted.
Mr. KASSON. There is, in a subsequent por-
tion of the bill, an appropriation of two thousand
and some hundred dollars for Franklin square.
Mr. RICE, of Alaine. That is the usual ap-
propriation.
Mr. KASSON. This appropriation, which the
gentleman now proposes, was asked of the com-
mittee, and we thought it best to postpone mak-
ing the appropriation for another year, as it was
postponed a year ago. The improvement, al-
though desiiable in itself, ought to be postponed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 will ask the gentle-
man whether he understands the conditions upon
Which that square was granted.
Mr. KASSON. 'Yes, sir,
Mr. STEVENS. We investigated all that.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For refurnishing, repairing, and fitting up the President's
house tor the next presidential term, §30,000.
Mr. ICERNAN. I should like to have some
explanation of that. I am informed that$40,000
have been expended in furnishing the President's
house during the past four years.
Mr. STEVENS. The usual appropriation
heretofore has been $20,000. That was the 
amount appropriated at the incoming of this Ad-
ministration; but the Executive mansion is in
such a bad condition that it was deemed neces-
sary to report an increase to the appropriation.
We believe that this amount of §30,000 is neces-
sary to make the Executive mansion habitable.
The Cleik read, as follows:
For icpairing, regiazing, repainting, and putting in thor-
ough order tbe green-houses at the President's, $5,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reduce that ap-
propriation to $2,000. My purpose is to call at-
tention to the manner in which these appropria-
tions have swelled in amount. I have them before
me. They are as follows: for annual repairs of
the President's house and furniture, improvement
of grounds, purchase of plants for garden, and
contingent expenses incident thereto, §6,000; for
fuel, m part, for the President's house, §5,000;
for under-draining the President's garden and
Capitol grounds, §1,000; for refurnishing, repair-
ing, and fitting up the President's house for the
next presidential term,§30,000; for repaiiing, re-
glazing, repainting, and putting in thorough or-
der the green-houses at the Piesident'p, §5,000;
for painting the President's house inside and out,
and the iron fences contiguous thereto, §8,000;
for carrying the Potomac water into that portion'
of the President's house occupied for offices, and
all the necessary fixtures, §3,000; making in all
§58,000. We have in this one bill appropriated
for the President's house and grounds the very
handsome sum of §58,000. I hold in my hands
the appropiiations for this purpose during the
corrupt and dishonest Administration that im-
mediately preceded, thatofMr. Buchanan. There
were two appropriations, one of $14,000 and
another of §6,000, making in all §20,000, for the
purpose oflurnishingand refitting the President's
house.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will look
into the deficiency bill for that year he will find
another appropriation for §8,000.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I examined the whole sub-
ject at the time, and I am pretty certain about the
figures I have stated. And I wish to call the at-
tention ofthe House to the fact that§20,000was
appropriated at the outgoing of a very extruva-
gant Administration and upon the incoming of a
very extravagant Administration, the corruption
and dishonesty of which had more to do with
bringing the present party into power than any-
thing else; and that that §20,000 has swelled up
to §58,000 in the present bill. It is ail appropri-
ation unprecedented in the history of the country.
I now withdraw my amendment, for I do not
expect that any attempt to diminish these appro-
