494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
face of the earth; your ration is larger; your
clothing is better and more ample for the purposes
of the soldier; and I am glad to see that the mil-
itary authorities are taking the matter actively in
hand and seeing to it that the men who bear the
flag of the country aloft in the storm of battle are
not cheated in anything that contractors have to
furnish, I rejoice that it is so. If this measure
tended to benefit our prisoners in the hands of
rebels in the slightest particular in my opinion,
I would go for it; but I do not see how you ad-
vance their interests,,how you help their condi-
tion by passing the resolution. The main argu-
• ment which has been made is that our prisoners
have been treated with great inhumanity. That
is true. But what is itproposed to do? You pro-
pose merely to express your opinion, notto con-
fer any authority which is not now possessed by
those who have control of military affairs.
Senators upon the other side have referred to
precedents. They have referred to the precedent
of the First Consul of France, and to other in-
stances. Sir, there is no doubt about the power
of the Commander-in-Chief to retaliate. That
power is ample, and I believe it has been exer-
cised in several instances already during the prog-
ress of this war. The authorities which have
been quoted, so farfrom sustaining the side upon
which they have been produced, are directly con-
trary to that view which was intended to be sus-
tained by the Senators quoting them. When
they quote the precedent of General Grant and
other generals in our service notifying the rebels
that we would treat their prisoners as they treated
ours, they quote that authority in favor of the
position which I assume, that it is an executive
and not a legislative matter.
Now, sir, without being inquisitive, I should
like to ask some Senators, what is the necessity
for the passage of the resolution? Do you by it
confer any power or give any authority not now
possessed? If you do not, what does it amount
to? Why the necessity for its passage? If you
turn back to English history you will find reso-
lutions and acts of Parliament passed during pe-
riods of civilstrifeandcomniotion,theonly result
of which was to tarnish the Parliaments that passed
tl*em without doing any good. It is that which
1 would avoid. I would leave no reproach upon
the fair fame of this nation. You cannot plant
this country upon the ground that you will act
toward any and every people with whom you
may be at war as they act toward you. If you
do so you will descend from the high position and
the high standard which this country luxs hereto-
fore occupied; you will descend to a very low
position, indeed. In my judgment, Mr. Piesi-
dent, we are bound to maintain our position us a
great civilized and Christian people in our legis-
lation and all our acts.
Mr. WADE. I do not intend,sir, at this stage
of the proceedings to make an argument on thus
subject; but as the Senator from Illinois has chal-
lenged the movers in tins measure to show what
good it will do, I feel bound to state what I ex-
pect from it.
Mr. RICHARDSON'. The Senator will par-
don me; I did not challenge any one.
Mr. WADE. You required some one who had
moved in this matter to say what was expected
from it, or something like that. It is a little too
late in the day to charge those who are the advo-
cates of this retaliatory principle with being bar-
barians or the advocates of barbarism. This pro-
ceeding is just like almost every other criminal
proceeding. If a man commits murder, why do
you condemn him and take Ins life before the
whole world? Is it purely vindictive? Is it
merely because he has taken the life of another
man, and therefore you want to commit two of-
fenses for one? Is it done for mere vengeance
and nothing else? The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] argued at considerable length to
show that this principle differed partially from that
of ordinary criminal proceedings, if I understood
him, because he asked, why do youdothis^ what
evidence have you that they will ever repeat this
crime; what evidence have you now that they yet
continue in this practice? Well, sir, I hope we
have succeeded in convincing even him that that
which was commenced in barbarism has continued
in barbarism to the present time, that they have
not relaxed their inhuman practices. The burden
of his argument was that we had no evidence be-
fore us that if they had been barbarians at one
time they had not already repented. That idea
of his was not in accordance with the well-known
principle of law which declares that whenever you
find a particular state of things existing, it is pre-
sumed so to existuntil the contrary shall" be shown.
But the Senator from Maryland was very much
troubled for fear they had altogether reformed,
and that we should be found punishing by retali-
ation when there was nothing to retaliate. The
answer would be at once, this resolution contem-
plates no retaliation if there is no offense on the
other side. That is an entire answer to the whole
declamation in which that Senator indulged.
But then, he said, it differs from ordinary crim-
inal proceedings, bccause you have not the evi-
dence to show that it is continued, or that this
will be a remedy. When he hangs a man, when
he takes his life for murder, what evidence has he
that that really will have the effect of deterring
others from committing a like offense ? Can any
man say that it will have that effect? It is the
general understanding of mankind that it will;
and that redeems the law from the accusation of
barbarity and murder. It is the common sense
of mankind that it will have thatcffect, and there-
fore it is part and parcel of the common law of
all nations. So when there is barbarity among
civilized nations at the present time, on one side
the international law declares that retaliation by
the other party is a remedy; that its effect will be to
deter the first party from continuing the barbarity.
It is on that reason that the law itselfisfounded.
Why undertake at this period to argue against
this common law, for the international law is part
and parcel of the common law, and is so ancient
that the memory of man runneth not to the con-
trary ? That has always been the law of the land.
If a man has no sympathy for these barbarians,
why are his nerves more affected by the proposi-
tion to subject them to the same treatment that
they inflict upon us? Why is it that gentlemen's
sympathies are all that way? You know from the
evidence that these outrages are committed; you
cannot deny it. The Senator from Illinois does
not deny it. He is too candid to do so. He says
there is no doubt about the fact. We all know
that our soldiers to-day arc subjected to all that
barbarity can inflict upon them. We know that
this day in southern pusons there are thousands
of our brave soldiers dying by inches by reason
of the barbarity of their captors and keepers.
Gentlemen here know it, and yet they bear the
misfortunes of their friends with grcatphilosophy
and great coolness. It is not the first time that
men have been known to bear the misfortunes of
their friends very coolly and calmly. But when
you turn tq the rebel, the accursed traitor who has
already forfeited his life by reason of his crime,
and propose to infhetupon him the same meed of
punishment, not as vengeance, not for revenge,
but to deter hmi from persisting in the barbarity
that has already murdered more than fifty thou-
sand of our brave soldiers, gentlemen's nerves
are unstrung. They cannot stand that for a mo-
ment; but they can see with coolness a contin-
uance of a system which is to-day reducing to the
grave thousands of our men. They think that the
honor of the country consists in our folding our
arms under this state of things and turning to the
brave soldier who is in the hands of the enemy
and saying to him, t( We are powerless, we have
no remedy to apply for your relief." Sir, this
is an imbecility which I never expectcd fiom the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to set the Sen-
ator from Ohio right. I said distinctly, and made
an argument to show, that if the Pre&idcnt of the
United States and our commanding officers saw
proper, they could at any moment e;ivc notice of
retaliation or retaliate. They can now do either;
they have the power. The point which I made
upon this proposition is exactly and precisely that
by it you do nothing. I object to it, not because I
am not disposed to relieve our brave soldiers; I
distinctly said that if I could do anything for them
by my action here, I would do it; but I say you
do not do it by this proposition.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, I desire
to ask the Senator, for I know his magnanimity,
his feeling for the soldier—he has been in the field
himself—if he thinks it is proper for this great
nation to desert the men whom it has forced into
the field and who have gone into these southern
prisons? Has he any remedy for it? Would he
not grant them any remedy?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly I would not
desert them. The Presidentof the United States
and our generals have the power to retaliate to-
morrow; you have not the power to do it; you
do not propose to do it; that is the point that I
make in the case. If the Senator will show me
how this proposition will accomplish anything, I
will go with nim; but until he does show me that,
I do not want him to say that I am not ready to
do anything for the soldiers. On the other hand,
I will go hand and heart with him in relieving
them.
Mr. WADE. I knew that it would turn out
so, from the Senator's generous disposition. I
knew he would be the last man in this body to
desert the soldier in the hands of the enemy, or to
hold the doctrine that this great nation must turn
its back cowardly on him and abandon him in the
hands of the barbarians. He would not do that,
and I would not. Nay, he would go further, and,
for a remedy, he would exteiminate every rebel
in the southern States unless they let our men go,
if that would have the effect. I have no doubt 'of
that. He is not one of those Senators who have
no blood in them and no feeling on this subject.
He is a man; show him the remedy and he will
apply it, for he sympathizes with the soldier, I
doubt not. But he thinks we have not the power
and the President of the-United States and the
officers of the Army have. Is that it?
Mr. RICHARDSON nodded assent.
Mr. WADE. I entirely disagree with the Sen-
ator in his constitutional argument. I hold that
while the President has the power, we have the
power to require him to do it if he does not do it.
We have waited long for him to act. Men have
been sacrificed until more than thirty thousand of
our brave soldiers have gone down to the grave
by reason of these barbarities unheard-of in civil-
ized communities. We have waited for him to
act, as we had reason to expect that he would act.
Docs the Senator deny that, if he does not act,
Congress has the power to require that lie shall
act? Have we not a right to pass a law saying
to the Piesident, " We require and demand of you
that you shall put in operation this gteat remedy
of nations, and that you shall interpose in behalf
of our soldiers?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. If I understand the res-
olution, it does not propose what the Senator says
we may require.
Mr. WADE. Yes it does.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think not.
Mr. WADE. It does direct the President to
doit. I have not got the resolution before me,
but the word used is "direct." The President
is directed to do it; he is left no discretion about
it. He has failed in his duty hitherto; he has
left these poor men without a shadow of remedy;
lie has made no attempt to remedy the wrong. By
the express consent of every lawyer in this body,
except one, Congress has full power and discre-
tion over the subject. Now, will you leave your
President delinquent in his duty in this respect,
and turn away again from your soldier and leave
him in his jeopardy without any attempt to re-
lieve him?* If you find that the Executive does
not exercise his authority, and you have the dis-
cretionary power to compel him to do so, will
you not do it?
The Senator from Illinois says that the officers
of the Army in the field ought to do it. So far as
I know, they are doing it to the extent that it
falls under their cognizance, and I honor them
for doing it. General Sherman but two or three
days ago issued a mandate that if any one hai med
the hair of the head of a loyal man in the State
Georgia, or inflicted any injury on his army, he
would take five lives for one. Nobody doubted,
nobody denied, his authority to issue that order.
Nobody has risen here to censure General Sher-
man because he made this great mandate. How
is it that your nerves are not shocked over the
barbarity of him who not only retaliates mkind,
but demands five lives for one? GeneraL Bur-
bridge did the same thing in Kentucky, thank
God! and I honor him for it. By resorting to
this great remedy he has put down guerrilla war-
fare almost entirely in that State—turbulent, out-
rageous, damnable as it did exist there for awhile.
His stern measures of retaliation have had the
effect to put down the accursed proceeding.
