1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
J
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out on line two hundred and eighty-eight
the word "six" and inserting "eight" in heu
thereof, so that it will read:
For surveying the public land5: in Wisconsin, at a rate
not exceeding eight dollais per mile, §6,000,
Mr. Chairman, my information is that this sur-
vey cannot, under the present prices-and the in-
creased expenses of all such work, be accom-
plished at the rate of six dollars per mile. There
is very little of the public land yet remaining un-
surveyed in theState of Wisconsin. When that
■work is completed the general land office for the
States of Iowa and Wisconsin can be closed.
There are at present no public lands to be sur-
veyed in the State of Iowa, and when the small
portion of work remaining to be done in the State
of Wisconsin is accomplished, that land ofKcc can
be closed. It is now being conducted at an ex-
pense of $11,000 a year, and it will be economy
on the part of the Government to finish up, even
at the prices which it is now necessary to pay,
the surveys of the public lands of the State of
Wisconsin and have that office discontinued
which is costing the Government ten or eleven
thousand dollars a year. I therefore hope my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Unless these lands
are very bad lands to survey there is no difficulty
in getting them surveyed for six dollars a mile.
The Government formerly paid only three dollars
per mile.
Mr. SLOAN. At what time?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not recollect at
what time the price was changed, but I know
what was formerly paid in the western country.
Timt was what was paid for surveys in the State
of Michigan many years ago, and in other west-
ern States.
Mr. SLOAN. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] that my infor-
mation is that live dollars a mile is the cheapest
rate paid for surveying for many years past, and
that this additional dollar a mile is not at all com-
mensurate with the general increase of the price
of such work. With this small appropriation,
costing less than the amount annually paid for
the expenses of the surveyor general's office in
these two States, we may finish the surveys and
have the office discontinued. It is on the ground
of economy that I urge the committee to fix a
price sufficient to have the surveys completed in
the present year, so that the surveyor general's
office may be closed, and this large annual ex-
penditure of $11,000 be saved to the Government.
i trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DTJMONT. 1 do not understand that the
gentleman's amendment increases the appropria-
tion at all. It simply provides that the rate paid
shall not exceed eight dollars per mile.
The question was taken on Mr. Sloan's amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
JVJr. BENNET. I move to amend on line three
hundred and six, by striking out {t ten" and in-
serting " fifteen;" so that it will read:
For .surveying the public lands in Colorado Territory at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for stand-
cud lines.
I see that in the succeeding clauses the rate per
mi!(/is increased in the other mining Territories;
and there is every reason why Colorado should
be classcd with them, instead of with the Terri-
tories that are not mineral. All the necessaries
of life cost fully one third more in Colorado than
in the Territories lying on the Missouri river.
There are more reasons for increasing the survey-
ing rates in Colorado than in New Mexico, for
the former is the newer Territory, and its agricul-
tural interests are less developed than those of
New Mexico.
There is a farther reason why this amendment
should be adopted. It will facilitate the survey
of the public lands in Colorado. Nine tenths of
the settlements in that Territory arc of unsur-
veyed lands. The settlements arc far in advance
of the surveys, which have gone on very slowly.
I think it is the interest of the Government not
only to increase the rates paid for surveys, but
also to increase the appropriation for the purpose,
so that the lands may be the earlier brought into
market and sold.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not,
myself, know what would hea justcompensation
for this service. The Committee of Ways and
Means has taken the estimates sent in by the De-
partment. The onlydoubtin my mind is whether
the rates for Nevada and New Mexico should not
be reduced to ten dollars a mile rather than the
rates for Colorado increased to fifteen. 1 know
that that would satisfy the gentleman from Col-
orado, because all that he wants is to have that
Territory put on apsirwith the others. Colorado
is a nice smooth Territory where the land is easily
surveyed, and where there would not be, prob-
ably, such an expenditure in shoe leather and
clothing on the part of surveyors as there would
be in the wilds of New Mexico and Arizona.
Mr. BENNET. The gentleman's knowledge
of Colorado must certainly be very limited if he
thinks that it is asmooth Territory. The Rocky
mountain range cuts it in two parts, running
north and south. Alarge partofit is mountain-
ous; and it is only in the narrow valleys that sur-
veys for agricultural purposes are made.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not suppose they were
going to survey these rocks at all. Colorado is
a nice Territory. 1 like it very well so far as I
have seen of it, [laughter;J but I did not suppose
they intended to survey these mountains; 1 sup-
posed it was only the ferule valleys, which are
not as numerous as I wish they were, that they
wanted to survey. But perhaps it is better the
other way, for these rocks contain gold and sil-
ver, and if the people once get machinery there,
so as to crush the rocks, it will be worth all the
rest of the United States put together—these rivers
of gold and mountains of silver.
1 think, however, that the gentleman from Colo-
rado had better allow these fertile valleys to besur-
veyedfirst, at the price estimated for, and when we
come to the mountains we will see what can be
done. It might be as well to equalize the rates
downward, for I do not like Colorado to be worse
dealt by than any of the other Territories.
The question was taken on Mr. Bennet's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The following clause was read:
For surveying the public lands in Nevada, at rates not
exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile tor standard lines,
twelve dollars tor township, and tea dollars ior section
lines, §15,000.
Mr. STEVENS. In accordance with the sug-
gestion I made a few moments since, I now move
to amend this clause by striking out the word
" fifteen" where it first occurs, and inserting the
word " twelve" in its place.
Mr. COLE, of California. I hope this amend-
ment will not pass. The sum of fifteen dollars
per lineal mile is only a limit upon the surveyor
general of the State. There are some portions of
(and in that State that cannot be surveyed even
for that sum. It is true that part of the land can
be surveyed at a less rate than that. There are
deep gorges and mountain fastnesses over which
the lines cannot be run even for that sum; some
portions of them may be run for that sum. I
think tins amendment would work injustice and
tend to keep the lands out of the market. Ihope
it will not pass.
Mr. WORTHINGTON. I hope this amend-
ment will not prevail. 1 perceive that the same
price is proposed for surveying lands in Nevada
as is proposed for surveying public lands in the
State of California. Now 1 am content to let it
remain as it is. But 1 think it would be a great
hardship and a great injustice to diminish the rate
below the sum reported by the committee. It is
now cut down to the lowest price, and will do
scarcely anything more than pay for the survey of
these public lands. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause was read:
For surveying the public lands in New Mexico, at fates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal nnlo for standard
lilies, twelve dollars for towiiblup, and ten dollars for sec-
tion Jme.s, 3.1,000.
Mr. PEREA. I move to amend by striking
out "$5,000" and inserting "$15,000." I un-
derstand the Delegate from Colorado [Mr. Ben-
net] to make an issue upon the appropriation
for New Mexico. It seems to me that he can-
not have read the appropriations here. By read-
ing them he will see that Colorado receives an
appropriation of $15,000, while New Mexico is
given but $5,000. I suppose he really does not
object to JNcw Mexico receiving $5,000, while his
Territory is to reccive the sum of $15,000. New
Mexico is paying §150,000 a year into the Uni-
ted States Treasury, while in Colorado, I believe,
there is not even a collector of revenue yet; at
least so far as I have heard.
Now, we of New Mexico are not asking for
immense appropriations here. We from New
Mexico are generally modest. Having a popu-
lation of upward of one hundred thousand in-
habitants, we gave up the Territory of Colorado
with a population of twelve thousand. Yet we
come here and ask for only $5,000, while Nevada
asks for $15,000; yet there are as many lands to
be surveyed in New Mexico as in Nevada.
Mr. BENNET. 1 do not rise for the purpose
of opposingtheamendmentof the gentleman from
New Mexico [Mr. Perea.] 1 desire to say that
I made no issue with him at all. If he so under-
stood me he is entirely mistaken. I only alluded
to the fact that while it is proposed to allow ten
dollars a mile for surveying in Colorado it was
proposed to allow fifteen dollars a mile in New
Mexico. Now those two Territories lie side by
side in the ranges of the Rocky mountains. New
Mexico is a Territory some fifteen or sixteen
years old, while Colorado was organized under
the act of February 28, 1861. The facilities for
living cheaply are not so great in Nevada as in
New Mexico. I allude to that only as a reason for
making the price of surveying fifteen dollars a mile
in Nevada as well as in NewMexico. In regard
to the amount of money appropriated for the ser-
vice, I would say that surveys have not been
ordered in Colorado but for two years previous
to this appropriation. There is a large amount
of land there to be surveyed, and that I suppose
is the reason why the Department estimated for
$15,000 instead of $5,000 for Colorado Territory,
New Mexico has a large amount of private lands,
and consequently there is less of the public do-
main in New Mexico than in Colorado.
Mr. PEREA withdrew his amendment.
The next clause was read, as follows:
For surveying the public lands in California, at rates not
exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for standard lines,
twelve dollats lor township and ten dollars for section
lines, $30,000.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to strike out
the words 14 at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
perlineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines;"
so that the clause will read: " For surveying the
public lands m California, $30,000." I deem it
my duty to state here that in central portions of
the Stateof California there are large tracts of the
public lands that are unsurveyed even to-day, for
no other reason in the world than that there have
not been sufficient payments provided for their
survey. 1 refer to mountain lands, not such
mountain lands as are on this side of the conti-
nent, but such as are full of deep gorges that are
most difficult to survey. These lands are valua-
ble, nevertheless, for the timber that is on them.
There are lands in California that can be sur-
veyed at much less rates than those named in
this clause. Under former Administrations ap-
propriations have been made, and have been ex-
pended in surveying the Colorado desert, lands
that will never be purchased by any persons, lands
that are wholly valueless. Those surveys were
easily made, and the appropriations were wasted
on them. But the lands in California valuable for
their timber have been left unsurveyed to this
time. A great deal of litigation has resulted from
this condition of affairs, growing out of disputes
about boundaries, and these public lands have not
been brought into market. Now, if this restraint
is taken off, leaving the surveyor general for the
State at liberty to go on and have these valuable
lands surveyed, it will result in a great public
benefit.
I hope, therefore, that this amendment will be
adopted. 1 have heard many complaints on this
subject. In my own county of Santa Cruz, in
the central partof theState,complaints have been
made by settlers upon the public lands, as well
as others, who desire to have the land surveyed.
: The complaint is that there is no possibility of
surveying those lands under the present restric-
tions. There is no proposition to increase the
appropriation at all.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. If it should, whoever gives out the
contracts there might expend the whole appro-
priation in surveying one fourth of the land that
is surveyed by the standard rule.
