1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
You have already been told how it happened
at Charleston. When they placed our officers
under the lire of our guns, we took a like number
of theirs and put them under the fire of their guns.
The lebel commander was no sooner apprised of
it than he withdrew our officers from that peril,
and when he did it we withdrew theirs. Was
not that a perfect remedy? Was there any bar-
barity in it? Or would it have been better to leave
our brave and patriotic officers exposed to the
shot and shell of our own batteries, to be wounded
and killed by our own men, without any attempt
to relieve them? Some gentlemen here, no doubt,
would not have done that. They would have
thought that it would be horrible to shoot a rebel,
but not very bad that a rebel should shoot us!
Well, sir, it had its effect.
Again, in General Butler's department the reb-
els took o#ur colored troops who had been made
prisoners and put them to hard labor, which is
not permitted for prisoners of war by civilized
nations; they made them work on their intrench-
ments. General Butler no sooner heard of ltthan
he selected a like number of rebel officers who
were prisoners in his hands and he said to them,
not " I am going; to do this," but " I am doing
it." He gave them no notice that he was going
to do it; but he said to them, " I have selected
thiiteen of your officers and 1 have put them to
work upon the trenches at manual labor, and
there they will continue until you lelease our
prisoneis of war." It was done. They were
put to the same work that their forces put our
colored troops to. We know very well that col-
ored troops are very objectionable to the preju-
dices of the rebels. If there is anything that a
southern traitor abhors, it is to do anything for
the benefit of a colored soldier. It was said that
this was impossible, that the southern chivalry
would never yield that their valorous officers of
a high grade should be put upon a like footing
with iK'gto soldiers. But Benjamin F. Butler,
God be thanked, had the nerve, the courage,and
the sagacity to see the proper remedy at once,
and he immediately selected a like number of
rebel officers, pur them m the trenches, at the
wheelbarrow, with shovels, and said, " Work
there;" and he immediately sent notice to the
rebel authorities, " 1 have done this, and your
officers will be continued on this work justas long
as you treat prisoners of war in like manner,"
and the very next morning they released our col-
ored troops, and we released then officers.
Then does it not have any effect? Sir, it is a
remedy. The sense of mankind has known it to
be a remedy, and so it has passed into the law of
nations. It is the only remedy for such a case,
and wherever it has been tried it has been found
effectual. Thank God our officers in the field who
know the malignity of these devils incarnate, who
come in contact with them cveiy day, have none
of your squeamish ideas, none of your mawkish
humanitarian ideas by which gentlemen heie aie
actuated. They retaliate in kind. An eye for an
eye and a tooth for a tooth, is their doctrine; and
so far as comes within the range of their duties
they carry it out.
The Senator from Illinois asks, why not leave
'this matter to them to attend to? The answer is,
because they know nothing about it; it does not
come within the range of their observation and
duty. The moment a prisoner of war passes out
of their hands they know nothing about him; they
hate nothing further to do with his treatment;
they know nothing about the treatment he re-
ceives. That is the reason they do not retaliate
for this treatment of our men. If it was in the
line of their jurisdiction, if it came under then-
observation, no doubt they would do it as quick
ns I or anybody else. But here is the place where
we direct exchanges to be made; where we in-
quire into the condition of our prisoners of war;
here it is known; from this Capitol the remedy
must proceed in the case of prisoners of war. It
is not so in regard to those who are misused in
the very sight of our commanders in the field. In
such cases, to the honor of our officers be itsaid,
they have promptly interposed a remedy, and
never without effect. My answer trt the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Illinois is that the officers
in the field cannot provide for this case, because
they know nothing about it; it has not happened
withm the sphere of their observation.
We have taken the depositions which have
been read to the Senate to show the infamous bar-
barity that has actuated the rebels in their heart-
less treatment of those prisoners of ours who have
been placed in their power. Our generals in the
field know nothing about it. It was not for them
to know; it was for the Executive and for Con-
gress to inquire; and we know what is the treat-
ment which our prisoners receive. No man can
plead ignorance of it. The Senator from Illinois
has too much honor and magnanimity not to
agree that the utmost barbarity and inhumanity
have been inflicted, and are inflicted constantly;
but he cannot see the remedy. The President
has not nerve enough to come up to the mark,
and say, "The soldiers whom I have called into
the field shall be treated like men and prisoners of
war when they are captives." I wish to God he
had more courage; but I must confess that he
has been perfectly reckless of his duty for along
time, and 1 am sorry that we have not been quite
as quick to perform ours as we ought to have
been; but it is better late than never.
Sir, with my consent, no soldier of the glori-
ous Union Army anywhere shall be treated other-
wise than as a man and an honorable prisoner
of war without the minions of the confederacy
being reduced to like condition. If it is so that
they want to prosecute this war with barbarism,
we can retaliate two or three to one; but if we
show them that we intend to retaliate they will
not attempt it. Retaliation has been a remedy
wherever it has been applied; there is no doubt
of it.
Sir, sympathy for the rebellion cannot stop it.
Fellowship with the leaders, old acquaintance
with them, high standing with them, raising them
up as the idols of your idolatry, cannotsave them.
We are bent on retaliation for the protection of
our own prisoners of war in their hands. It
will come. You die haul,buldie you must,and
the soldier shall be released, and the Government
shall protect him.
Talk not to me about the honor of the country.
I tell you, sir, if any reproach and ignominy
could be thrown on this gieat nation, it would be
that we knew how inhumanly the brave men
whom we have sent into the field have been
treated by this contemptible foe, and have not
raised our voice to prevent it. There is the dis-
honor. Foreign nations may be able to say to
us, "You had not the spiut of a civilized nation,
you would not apply the icmedy which interna-
tional law has provided; you turned away with
heal tlcssne^sfrom your brave soldiers, and offered
them no remedy, or you ct uelly looked upon their
torments and (lid not care for them." I thank
God, sir, that I see at last that this great remedy
is to be applied; and whenever the Executive
Government, under our dnection by this law,
shall select from among the rebel officers in our
hands as many prisoners as there are soldicis of
ours in the hands of the rebels, and when Mr.
Lincoln shall say to the rebel authorities by proc-
lamation, "I have taken of your officers such a
number as we suppose you have of our men, and
have placed them apart to be fed, clothed, and
kept precisely as you feed, clothc, and keep ours,"
relief will soon be obtained Twenty-four houis
after they know that will not transpire before
every soldier of ours m their hands will be treated
as a man and a soldier. No doubt of it. In
evety instance yet it has been cllectual; and it
will be effectual now.
I know something about these southern peo-
ple. Habituated to slaveiy, with their hearts en-
tirely hardened to the misfortunes and hardships
of man in the person of the poor slave, they have
forgotten that he is human and that they owe him
any respect; and this hardening process did not
stop with the slave, but the poor white man in
the South is treated even at a greater distanceand
regarded as occupying a lower position of degra-
dation than the negro. They do not care any-
thing about the private soldiers. They would as
lief wc starved their private soldiers to death as
not, unless they wanted thern returned to fill up
their armies. They place them side by side with
the negro whose fate they care nothing for. It
is not the poor private soldier that I want to see
subjected to these punishments, because he is not
responsible for this treatment, and because these
accursed, hardened aristocrats look with as much
composure on his fate as some here look on the
fate of oursoldiers in fheirbarbarous hands. They
care nothing for him; they have lost all feelings
of humanity for those whom they consider the
mere plebeian trash, whether black or white. But
when you touch the chivalry, of whom their offi-
cers are^ composed, when you subject them to
ignominious labor in the trenches, or put them on
the same treatment which they deal out to our
soldiers, my word for it their hearts will bo ,
reached and a remedy will soon be attained.
I have said all that I wish to say on this sub-
ject except to express the hope that the resolu-
tion will not be recommitted. It has been debated
long enough. Every Senator has made up his
mind exactly what he intends to do in regard to
it. It cannot be said that a committee will mold
the resolution into a shape more acceptable to the
body than it is now. Nobody pretends that;and
1 know that those who vote for its recommitment
intend thereby to postpone the time for the re-
demption of these soldiers, or do not intend that
it shall ever come; they intend to prolong it for-
ever. Let us be prompt; let us actatonce. Every
day is short to us, but it is an age to our poor
starving men in southern prisons. Let us act at
once, and not by long speeches and by captious
action delay the interposition of a great remedy
in favor of our suffering fellow-men, the brave
soldiers of our Army.
1 hope the Senator from Massachusetts has al-
ready got tired of his amendment to send com-
missioners to treat with Jeff. Davis.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not my amendment.
Mr. WADE. No, sir, but the amendment of
the other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and it is worse than yours, because you do
not propose any remedy at all, [laughter,] and he
proposes one that is not only no remedy but is
absolutely disgraceful to us. 1 do not hesitate to
say so. Wc have heard of our emissary going
down there to beg for peace at the footstool of
those scoundrels! As I said when I was up be-
fore, you have heard from him; he went to Mr.
Davis and gave him his hand and told him that
he had lost no confidencc in him ! Thatis the way
we read it in the papers, lie had lost no con-
fidence in Mr. Davis, and Davis returned the
compliment. " Hale fellows well met." [Laugh-
ter.] Is theie nothing that will degrade a man?
May he not steep himself in crime so deep that it
is damnation and contamination to communicate
with him? If so, is not Jeff. Davis that man?
Before Almighty God, if war has brought suffer-
ing, dishonor, and death upon our people, Davis
and his associates are responsible for it; and if a
common murdererought to die once for the crime
of murder, Jclf. Davis's death ought to be multi-
plied a hundred thousand fold. Not only that,
but think of the meanness that attaches to his
crime. I was here when Jeff. Davis and company
walked up to your desk, sir, and raised their hands
to God, and swore to maintain the Constitution
of the United States, and I was here when that
oath was forgotten and they raised their accursed
arm against this Republic, and, with all the power
that they had acquired from it, turned about to
destroy that very Constitution which they had
before sworn to maintain. Is perjuiy no disgrace?
And does not an honest, just man lose confidence
in his fellow-man when he finds him steeped in
pcijury? It seems it did not affect Mr. Blair in
the least; he had not lost any confidence in Mr.
Davis Sir, his toucli was contamination, and
communication with him was dishonor. He had
perjured his soul before God,andhisarm wasat-
tainted and reeking with the blood of the bravest
and best of the population of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. How came he to go there?
Mr. WADE. How came Blair to go there?
God only knows. I would like to know; yea,
sir, I intend to know. If there is power in the
Senate of the United States to be informed on
that subject I intend to know why it was that
any man was permitted to go with impunity
through our lines and confer with the arch-traitor
of the confederacy and come back here and go
again.
Mr. JOHNSON. He went in a Government
vessel the last time.
Mr. WADE. Yes, I understand he went in a
Government vessel. He had no more right to be
j on board that vessel on a mission to hold commu-
