m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 80.
nication with this arch-traitor and devil than he
had to be on his road to the lower regions in a
vehicle furnished by the Government.
Now, Mr. President, will the Senator from
Massachusetts still persist in sending commis-
sioners to kneel down at the throne of Mr. Davis
and beg his pardon ? Does he still persist in re-
ferring these resolutions to a committee that they
may adjust a plan of communication with this
accursed' traitor? I say to you, sir, that the Gov-
ernment which authorizes anybody to treat with
Jeff. Davis dishonors itself and dishonors the
great nation it represents. What, sir, deal with
this traitor? Did you not at Baltimore tell Mr.
Lincoln that if he was reelected he was not to treat
with thritore? he was not to make compromises
with them; he was to trample them under foot,
and'treat only with the people who have been mis-
guided? Sir, it is dishonor*, it is futile to beg of
Davis and company for compromise or pcace. I
know these men. They are high-spirited men,
as-the devil I suppose is high-spirited. After he
went into rebellion I suppose he would notgo back
into heaven if they offered to reconstruct with
him. [Laughter.] His pride would forbid it.
He would say, " 1 took up arms against heaven,
and it is my purpose to persist eternally, for if I
reconstruct and go into heaven again I enter as
an arch-traitor and perjurer before my God, and
should be treated accordingly ever afterward."
So it would be with Mr. Davis if he came back
into this Union on any principle of construction
that the President or Mr. Davis or Mr. Blair could
fet up. Let him come back here and what would
e his condition? Would you associate with him ?
Would the Senator from Maryland take him by
the hand, I should like to know? He says he
would not now. Well, sir, can this man repent
of such a crime as that which he has committed ?
If there is in politics and statesmanship a sin unto
death as there is in theology, I say he has com-
mitted the sin unto death, and you cannot com-
municate with him without contamination and
dishonor. He cannot repent of it. The blood
of too many brave men is upon his noui for any
honest man to take him by the hand.
Why does our President allow communication
with him? No, I will not say that; but if he
does allow it, why is it? I do not know that he
does, und I hope to God he has not sanctioned
any such thing, and th&t he never will sanction
it. Send commissioners to Mr. Davis and the
confederate authorities at Richmond! I say
again, we cannot reach them. They hold their
places there by usurpation. They do not sit
there in council by the voice even of the mis-
guided people of the South. Jeff. Davis sits there
enthroned, because he has seized a military or-
ganization and compelled the poor men of that
country to sustain him in this accursed rebellion
to the ruin of all. They did not voluntarily go
into it. Look at old Virginia, once the proud
State of this nation, now trampled undcrfootand
rendered almost a desert. She was not put m her
present position by the will of her people. X
nave some feeling for that people, for in that con-
vention which declared her disloyalty to this
Union, and sought to break out of it, old Vir-
ginia's voice was suppressed. She voted against
secession, in the first instance, near two to one;
she was bullied by these scoundrels into it; her
men were compelled into it. I have no doubt
that whenever you break up this nest of vipers
at Richmond, the people will flock back to the
old standard with joy, that they may again pos-
sess that meed of peace and prosperity which
they ever received under the flag of the nation;
but you must first break up these devils; you
must not disgrace our nation by treating with
them; for it would be disgrace, dishonor, contam-
ination in the eyes of our own people and in the
eyes of the civilized world. I appeal, therefore,
to the Senator from Massachusetts, for God's sake
do not be the first to introduce a proceeding into
Congress which shall propose to treat with these
scoundrels. I know that Senator is as averse to
it as I am. He has not well considered the effect
of his amendment. He has not reflected that it
will be a recognition of the confederacy when it
is done. He did not think of the amazing depth
of dishonor involved in proposing such a thins; as
sending commissioners to go down, stoop before
Jeff. Davis, and beg of him to do better than he
has been doing to these poor men, the victims of
his barbarity. The Senator surely will not per-
sist in it; but he will vote lor the resolution pio-
posed by us, which will apply the remedy recog-
nized by the law of nations for the offense which
has been committed.
I wish to Heaven the resolution was stronger
than it is; but such as it is, it will be sufficient to
require the President and demand of him that he
take immediate action by way of retaliation, and
persist in it until it shall be effectual to do away
with this accursed barbarity. The Senate may do
as they please, but 1 will never rest content in this
body while there is a man deliberately by thecon-
federacy subjected to this barbarity and cruelty.
Until they desist, I will persist in my efforts to
bring this nation up to the point where it will in-
sist that the honors of a belligerent shall be con-
ferred on us, and that the confederacy shall ob-
serve the principles of civilized warfare. If to
accomplish this purpose it shall be necessary to
exterminate every accursed traitor in the south-
ern States, 1 am in for that, and I avow it boldly.
I take the stand that a remedy must be appheu;
our soldiers can and must and shall be rescued
from this jeopardy. Their services to the coun-
try demand it; our relations to them demand it;
the honor of the nation demands it; and if my
voice and my vote can prevail, this meed of jus-
tice shall be promptly awarded to them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I did not
intend to speak on this question; I intended simply
to ask for the yeas and nays, and there leave it
for each Senator to settle the question with his
constituents whether he would protect our suffer-
ing citizens now m southern prisons, or whether
he would leave them to the tender mercies of the
rebels. I am daily receiving numerous letters
from all portions of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent. They are mostly of
this tenor:
"*I wiite to lot you know the feelings of those who have
lost friends m this accuised rebellion. Thcte ia nothing
that grieves us so much as the starving of our soldiers who
are m their hands a< piisoners. Now, Mr. Cii\ndlt:r, a
Government that will not piotect its soldiers that have loft
good comfortable homes to t o to war—a Congress or a Sen-
ate that will not pioteotthem, arf not woitiiy of the seats
they occupy. 1 have lost two nephews in this war. They
were btaivcd to death."
This is written by a man who can hardly spell
a word corrcctly,but he knows whereof he affirms;
and the feeling is more deep and more intense
than is appreciated by Senators on this floor. The
people universally look to Congress for protection
to these helpless prisoners now sufferingthe pangs
of starvation; and, as I said before, I intend to
call for the yeas and nays, and if Senators upon
this floor see fit to permit a sickly sentimentality
to induce them to abandon their suffering pris-
oners, let them settle it with those prisoners when
they return, or with their friends who are here
sympathizing with them in their sufferings.
Mr. President, when this war broke out we did
not permit ourselves to believe that the rebels
could be guilty of the barbarities which they have
perpetrated; when the war broke out we adopted
a conciliatory policy in its prosecution; we con-
tinued that conciliatory policy for years. Where
ever our armies went at that time we not only
protected rebels in their lives, but we protected
them in their property. Wherever our armies
went they fed the suffering rebels; they fed the
families of those suffering rebels; and when we
captured prisoners we administered the oath of
allegiance and let them go. We continued that
policy for years; and what credit did we receive
from the rebels for this kind treatment of their
prisoners when captured? They said that we dared
not retaliate upon them, and that we dared not
punish them. They credited everything to our
fears and nothing to our generosity. That has
been their view from that clay up to this.
I saw the other day a captain who has just
returned from a seventeen months'impnsonment
ill a southern prison, a gentleman fiom Michigan,
and he told me that he was informed by the su-
perintendent of their prison that it was their pol-
icy, their fixed policy, that no prisoner who re-
mained three months in a rebel prison should ever
be fit to enter the United States Army after his
exchange and return home. If this was the bar-
barism of a single individual who happened to
have a number of ourprisoneis in his charge, per-
haps it would not be proper for us to adopt retali-
ation as a policy; but it has been proved over and
over again that this is the policy of the rebels in
the conduct of the war, their settled policy, their
policy everywhere, in every State, with every
prisoner.
The committee on the conduct of the war
has been laboring for years to induce the Admin-
istration to adopt the system of retaliation; but
the labor has been fruitless. A year ago, when
that committee was directed to investigate the con-
dition of the returned prisoners then arriving at
Annapolis, we found that language failed to con-
vey to the mind a correct idea of the condition of
those men, and we were compelled, in order to
give even an approximate idea of the treatment
our prisoners had received, to have photographs
of them taken, and to spiead out the photographs
of those skeletons before the people of the Uni-
ted States that they might realize the barbarities
that had been perpetrated upon them. We then
hoped and believed that the Administration would
adopt, and adopt immediately, a system of re-
talicuiort that would prove efficacious. In that
hope we were disappointed.
Sir, if I had my way in this matter I would to-
morrow place every rebel officer in our hands
upon the same diet and upon the same care and
the same treatment that our soldiers are and have
been receiving since the commencement of this
war at the hands of the rebels. I would notify
Jeff. Davis and the rebel government to-morrow
morning that the rations of every officer of theirs
in our hands would be one pound of corn meal
ground in the cob, and one quarter ofa pound of
bacon, and that the bill of fare should be changed
the moment they proved to us that the bill of fare
for our prisoners had been changed; and my word
for it it would not be forty-eight hours after that
notification was served and after these rebel offi-
cers were placed on that diet, before the bill of
fare would be changed for every Union soldier in
their hands.
Sir, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] has brouglit in a sublimated specimen of
humanitarianism that does not apply to these
accursed rebels at this time. They do not appre-
ciate that kind of humanitarianism. 1 expected
those men who desire that the rebellion should
succeed to oppose retaliation, and to oppose it to
the bitter end; but 1 did not expect the Senator
from Massachusetts to come in here and say that
it was inexpedient to protect our suffering pris-
oners.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not said so.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator hasnotsaid
it in so many words, but I will read what he does
say. He says that retaliation "would be 'im-
moral, inasmuch as it proceeded from vengeance
alone."
Mr. SUMNER. Read the first three lines of
that lesolution in my amendment.
Mi. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Jltul bo if further i evolved, That any attempted imita-
tion of rebel bat hut ism 
Mr. SUMNER. That is it; "rebel barba-
rism."
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; Iwillreadthe
whole of it: «
That any attempted imitation of lebel barbarism in the
tipatmem of piisoner^ would be plainly impracticable, on
accoinnofits incon-ibtency with the piuvaihntj sentiments
of humanity among us; that it would ho injuiiousat home,
for it would baibarizethe whole community; that it would
be utteily ur-elosr., lor it couhl not aliVu tbeciuU authors
of the revoltim* conduct which we seek toovcicorne; that
it would be mimoial, inasmuch as it proceeded ftom venge-
ance alone; that it could have no othei re.-ult than to de-
grade the national character and the national name, and to
bring down upon our countiy the reprobation of hi&toiy.
That is what the Senator says. He says it
would be immoral and wrong to adopt the only
system that will release our prisoners from those
sufferings and that cruel death to which they are
daily subjected. While I did not give his exact
language, I used his sentiments,in* my judgment.
On the other hand, I hold that it would be not
only moral but highly praiseworthy to place these
rebel officers under the same treatment and on the
same regimen that is given to our soldiers; and
our experience from the commencement of the
war has been that wherever we have adopted a
rigid system of retaliation it has proved efficacious
in every single instance.
When they took two of our officers in Rich*
