1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
gentleman will have the floor when the House
meets this evening.
Mr. DRIGGS. Then I prefer to go on now.
This is a proposition to appropriate two hundred
thousand acres of vacant land, in alternate odd
sections, to aid in the construction of a harbor
and ship-canal at Portage lake, Michigan. This
bill has been before the Committee of Public
Lands, and I believe has the approbation of every
member of that committee. It was not regularly
reported to the House,for want of time, the com-
mittee having only one hour in which to make
reports. I made the motion to recommit the bill,
and it is now before the House. Itisavery sim-
ple proposition, but, in my opinion, one just as
important as any measure for local improvement
which has passed the House this session. It is
a question in which not only Michigan, but the
entire lake coast is interested. I have petitions
in its favor from the Board of Trade of the city
of Detroit, the Board of Trade of the city of
Cleveland, the Boards of Trade of the cities of
Buffalo and Milwaukee, and 1 think the Board of
Trade of the city of Chicago; and I also hold in
my hand joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Michigan asking for this grant; and
also the joint resolutions of the State of Minne-
sota asking an appropriation of land for this pur-
pose. Thus two States unite in making this re-
quest. They do notask one footof mineral lands;
mineral lands are especially excluded from the
grant by the provisions of this bill.
I think that explanation must satisfy every one,
and I therefore call for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the reading of the
bill at length.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to suspend the rule
by which a member can demand the reading of
the bill at length.
The motion was not agreed to; two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. DRIGGS. I call for the previous question
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
this bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 61,
noes 31.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question was upon agreeing to the substi-
tute reported by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Upon this motion the House divided; and there
were—ayes 19, noes 59; no quorum voting.
TheSPEAKERappointed Messrs.Driggs and
Holman to act as tellers.
The hourof half past four o'clock, p. m., hav-
ing arrived, the House took a recess till half past
seven o'clock,p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, p. m.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to withdraw from the files the
memorials presented by him at the last session
for the impeachment of Judge Miller of the Uni-
ted States district court of Wisconsin.
NAVAL COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
adversely upon the petition for the relief of sea-
men on board the ship Nightingale, the petition
of S. D. Carpenter, of Wisconsin, and the petition
of Kendrick & Fisher.
The petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Lieutenant Selfndge for compensation for prop-
erty destroyed on board United States vessels,
have directed me to report in favor of granting
the relief asked.
The petition was laid on the table.
NOTIFICATION TO PRESIDENT-ELECT.
Mr. WILSON. 1 rise for the purpose of pre-
senting a privileged report.
The committee appointed by the House to act
in conjunction with similar committee on the
part of the Senate, nnd inform Abraham Lincoln
of his election to the office of President of the
United States for the term commencing March 4,
1865, have directed me to report that the com-
mittee have discharged their duty by waiting on
the President-elect and informing him of his elec-
tion. 1 ask that his response to the committee
may now be read.
1 he Clerk read,as follows:
" Having served four years in the depths of a great and
yet unPnded national peril, I can view this call to a second
term in nowise more flattering to niyselt' than as an ex-
pression of the public judgment that I may better finish a
difficult woik, in winch I have labored limn the first, than
could any one less severely schooled to tiie task. In ttiis
view and with assured reliance on that Almighty Ruler
who has so graciously sustained us thus lai, and with in-
creased gratitude to the geneious people for their continued
confidence, I accept the lenewed iru^t with its yetonerous
and perplexing duties and responsibilities."
Mr. WILSON. I desire further to say that
the committee have not yet received a response
from the Vice President-elect, but will communi-
cate it to the House when it is received.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
Mr. HULBURD,by unanimous consent, pre-
sented from the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures a report; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HQLBURD. lmove that thirty-five hun-
dred extra copies of the report just presented be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred
to the Committee on Printing under the law.
LAND GRANT TO MICHIGAN. y
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned
this afternoon, it had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 745) granting land to the State of
Michigan to aid m the building of a harbor and
ship-canal at Portage Lake, ICewenawPoint, Lake
Sifperior. The question was upon the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to lay
the bill on the table. On that question no quo-
rum had voted,and theChair hadordered tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
lay the bill on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 33, not voting 88;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amps, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beamaii, Blaine, Blow, Boyd, Brooks, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Driggs, Dumont, Eldridge, Frank, Gar-
field, Gooeh, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Higby, Hooper,
Amabel W. Iiubbard, Hulburd, Ka-son, Kelley, Fiancis VV,
Kellogg, Knox, Law, Littlejohn, Longycar, Malloiy, Mar-
vin, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morris,
James It. Morris, Amos Myers, Patterson, Peiham, I'erry,
Price, Pruyi!, William H. Randall, Sehenek, Shannon,
Sloan, John B. Steele. Stevens, Stuart, Thayer, Upson,
Whaley, Wheeler, Wilder, Wilson, VVindom,Woodbridge,
and Woithington—61.
NAYM— Messrs. Aneona, Baily, Broomall, Coffroth,
Cox, Dawson, Deni=ori, English, Finck, Ganson, Gnder,
Holman, John II. Hubbard, Philip Johnson, Kallif!ei-ch.
Long, Midilleton, Morrill, Chailes O'Neill, Oitli, Pendle-
ton, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross, Sinithers, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse, '1 homas, Ehhu B. Wnshbume,
William B. Washburn, Cllllton A. White, and Win-
field—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, Brandegee, James K. Brown, Wil-
liam 0. drown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Cravens, Ureswell, Henry Winter
Davis, Dawes, Demmg, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Etleu,
Edgcrton, Eliot. Furnsworlh, Hall, Maiding, Harrington,
Benjamin G. Hairis, Charles M. Harris. lietrick, Ilotch-
kiss, Ilulellins, Ingersoll, Jenckes, William Johnson, Ju-
lian, Oilamlo Kellogtr, Kernan, King, Knapp, Lazear, Le
Blond, Loan, Marcy, McAllister, MeBride, McDowell,
Mclntloe,McKinney, William H. Miller, Morrison, Leon-
ard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Oilell, John O'Neill,
Pike, l'oinerov, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Eice, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, Sco-
field, Scott, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Sweat, Tovviisend,
Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wads-worth, Ward,
Webster, Joseph W. White, Williams, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—88.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Cobb, one of its clerks, notifying the House that
that body had-concurred in the amendments of
the House to Senate bill No. 88, regulating pro-
ceedings in criminal cases, and for other purposes;
that it had passed without amendment House
joint resolution No. 176, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to advance to Paul S. Forbes
$250,000 additional out of the sum to be paid him
under his contract for building a steam sloop-of-
war; and also that it had passed Senate bill No.
483, to amend an act donating publiclands to the
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House. >
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move to take from •
the Speaker's table the Senate amendments to
House bill No. GOO, for the better organization of
the subsistence department, in order that they may
bo non-concurred in and sent back to the Senate.
There was no objection, and the amendments
were taken up.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the Senate amend-
ments be non-concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I see that the Senate pro-
pose to strike out the second section, andl would
like to have that explained.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the bill was reported
from the House Military Committee it provided
that assignments in the subsistence department
giving increased rank should be made from among
the officers who are holding office by appointment
in the volunteer corps. The Senate proposed that
at least two thiids from the volunteer corps should
be thus assigned, reserving one third for the officers
of the regular subsistence department. There
are thirty-nine officers of the regular subsistence
department, and nearly six hundred in the volun-
teer corps.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am satisfied.
The Senate amendments were non-concurred in.
COMMITTEE ON TIIE CONDUCT OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask to take from the Speaker's
table the Senate concurrent resolution in reference
to the joint committee on the conduct of the war.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The resolution provides that, in order to enable
the joint committee on the conduct of the war
to complete their investigation of certain import-
ant matters now before them, and which they
have not been able to complete by reason of in-
ability to obtain important witnesses, said com-
mittee be authorized to continue their sessions
for thirty days after the close of the present Con- (
gress, and to place their testimony and reports <r
in the hands of the Secretary of the Senate; and
further, that the Secretary of the Senate shall
cause to be printed of the reports and accompany-
ing testimony of the committee on the conduct
of the war five thousand copies for the use of
the Senate and ten thousand copies for the use of
the House of Representatives of the present Con-
Mr. GOOCH. I move tostrike out" thirty"
and insert" sixty days."
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to make it ninety
days. 1 only wish to say that one of a series of
western campaigns has been placed before that
committee, and I believe that nota single western
campaign or a movement of the western armies
has been investigated by the committee on the,
conduct of the war, all they have done having
reference to the armies of the East; and, sir, it is
deservedly due to the armies of the Westthatthe
investigation referred to the committee pertain-
ing to those armies shall be carried out, and I
think that ninety days will be sufficient.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask the gentleman
if he does not think the success of this western
