1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Again:
" On this subject of the feeding of prisoners in the hands
of the cnurav, Vattel places the duty of a State to Mippoit
its subjects while prisoners in the hands of an enemy upon
the same grounds as its duty topiovidefor their random
and relea e. Indeed, a neglect or a refusal to do &o would
seem to he even more eimiinal than a neglect 01 refusal
to provide for their exchange; for the exigencies of the
war may make it (he temporary policy of Uie State to de-
cline to exchange, but nothing can excuse it in leaving its
subjects to suft'er in an enemy's country, without any fault
of their own, when the State has the means of relieving
them from the misfortune in which they aie involved by
going into its seivice and by supporting its cause. It fol-
lows. theici'ore, that although a State may properly, under
certa.a circumstances,refuse to exchange its prisoners, it
cannot, without a violation of moral duty, neglect to make
the proper and necessary arrangements for their support
while they aie thus retained by a captor who is willing to
exchange them.
It is stated by English writers that in the wars of Na-
poleon the British authorities regularly remitted the whole
co^t of the support of English pusoners in France to the
Fiench Government, but that the latter failed to make any
provifion whatever for the support of its subjects in the
hands of the English, leaving them to starvation or to the
chanty of their enemies. If this be true, it is a blot upon
the character of the French Government."
The appointment ofcommissaries, which I sup-
pose to be what was intended by that resolution,
is rtot subject to the denunciation of the Senator
from Ohio. I do not know that I care whether
a commissary be appointed. It may be unneces-
sary, as I understand some commissaries are al-
ready in existence, and perhaps they could per-
form all that is nc;cessary; but what I complain
of is that the Senator from Ohio assumes here to
denounce every man who makes a proposition
different from his own as if it were unwoithy of
him, unworthy of the Senate, unworthy of his
position; as if it was an outrage upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States that he should pro-
pose such a thing as to have commissaries to look
after our prisoners.
I have no disposition to protract this discussion.
I do not care particularly whether this subject is
referred to a committee, or whether we vote di-
rectly on these propositions. 1 understand the
Senate, or the principal portion of those around
me, to be agreed that a resolution shall pass which
shall 'confer thistauthority of retaliation, or au-
thorize retaliation within the rules which are
practiced by civilized nations; but if the Senator
asks for anything more than that, J certainly
cannot vote for it. I tell the honorable Senator,
when he is talking about the nerve of other men,
that I have nerve enough to meet the. frenzied
passion declaiming here in favor of all the bar-
barisms of Indian warfare, that is ready to scalp
prisoners and burn them at the stake; I have
nerve enough to denounce it in the name of civ-
ilization as unworthy of the a^e in which we live,
and I will never give it my sanction. Bur, sir,
when restricted within the rules of civilized war-
fare, I am willing to confer the power, and that
I believe is all that the Senate are prepared todo;
what our fathers did in 1813, what they did in
1793, and what is proper for us to do now.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, as I listened
to-day to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
and then again to the Senator fiom Michigan,
(Mr. Chandler,] 1 thought the old slave-masters
had cume back again, ['thought I witnessed all
their insolence, and something more than their
coarseness. .
The Senator from Michigan threatened my col-
league and myself with the yeas and nays. I tell
the Senator fiom Michigan we were accustomed
to face the yeas and nays before lie was a mem-
ber of the Senate ot the IJnited States. The yeas
and nays had no terrors for me in those days, rior
have tliey any for me now. I am ready to face
them whenever they are called, and oil whatever
question they may be called. And 1 must say to
the Senator from Michigan that I do not recog-
nize his right to rise on the floor of this body and
threaten me or my colleague with the vengeance
of the people we represent for our votes here.
We are responsible to them; we are responsible
to the country; and above all and over all, we
are responsible to ourselves for our own action.
Sir, I see 110 occasion for this excited debate,
nor for the harsh woids that have been uttered
here to-day and the domineering manner that lias
been mumfesud. 1 regret it. It will have no effect
over me, and I do not think it will have any over
others. We were accustomed to meet such treat-
ment here in other days. I think we had bettei
keep it out now.
The Senator from Ohio takes occasion to de-
nounce the simple proposition I made to send
commissioners to make arrangements with the
rebel authorities for the better treatment of our
prisoners. The Senator undertakes to tell us that
if we do anything of that kind we recognize Jeff.
Davis's confederacy. Nosuch thing. Why, sir,
it is a simple proposition to consult with their
authorities to devise a practical plan for the better
treatment of our prisoners of war; a mere matter
pertaining to prisoners, and has nothing whatever
to do with the recognition of their government,
any more than what has already been done in ap-
pointing a commissioner or a commissary, and I
think we called him a commissioner, to deal with
a commissioner on the other side, for the ex-
change of prisoners.
The Senator says I did not reflect properly 011
that subject. I tell the Senator from Ohio that 1
did reflect upon it. I tell him further that it has
been with me a matter of reflection for months,
and that the suggestion is not original with me,
but came from the fertile brain of one of our own
generals, through whose hands thirteen thousand
of our own prisoners have been exchanged. That
general proposed to this Government six months
ago to take eight hundred or one thousand rebel
officers to Hatteras, or Point Lookout, or some
other good place, holding them there as^prisoners,
and notify the confederate government that the
same bill of faro they had for our prisoners in
their hands would be dealt out to their officers,
and that plan was refused, I understand, by the
advice of General Halleck. That same general
officer suggested to me long ago that the condition
of our prisoners in the hands of the rebels could
be relieved by an arrangement; and his experi-
ence, I think, is this: in the firstplace, the rebels
have not always all the means to make our pris- ]
oners as comfortable as we can and do make
theirs. So far as that is concerned, it is their
misfortune and not their fault. In the next place,
the difficulty of transportation 111 their country,
of carry mg material from one place to another, has
been largely enhanced within the last few mouths
by the action of our armies, and that has counted
atrainst our prisoners. In the next place, he be-
lieves, and we all believe, and it has been proved
here—the Senator from Ohio has been active in
ferreting it out, for which he has always had my
thanks—that they Ijave not done all they could
do; and further than that, in many cases they
have intended to abuse our prisoners. I be-
lieve it.
Now, what was the simple proposition that 1
submitted? It was a proposition to send two
commissioners, or commissaries, if you choose
to call them so, to consult with the rebel author-
ities with a view to the better treatment of our
prisoners, and to devise a practicable system for
that purpose. That such a commission could do
it, costing us, I admit, some money to carry it
out, I do not entertain a doubt. In fact, a few
weeks ago a partial an alignment was made with
the rebel authonties by which they sent cotton to
New Yoik, sold thatcotton, and took the proceeds
and invested it for the relief and benefit of their
own prisoners in our hands. General Beale, of
Arkansas, aptisoner in Boston harbor, is engagpll
to-day in carrying out that arrangement. 011 then-
part. General Hays, of Boston, a prisoner cap-
tured on the Weldon railroad, and a prisoner now,
is engaged, I understand, 011 our part in doing
something for the relief of our prisoners. This
partial relief already secured has done more to
alleviate the suffeiiiigs of our prisoners than all
the talk and all the speeches that have been made
in tVie Senate and tile country; and I believe that
if we addressed ourselves to that matter of hu-
manity as we should, we could do a great deal to
relieve the sufferings of our brave soldiers in rebel
hands.
There is nothing inconsistent with that propo-
sition in passing the Senator's resolution for re-
taliation. I do not oppose that resolution if the
words " in kind" were stricken out of it. The
resolution oiiginally reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs by the Senator from M ichigan
I could notvote for. That resolution, in its pre-
amble, ai raigns the rebels lor bai bansm and cruel-
ty that would disgrace the devils m the hotiom-
less pit, and then asks us to treat their men " m
kind." I could not doit; I could not vote for it.
1 have not the nerve, and 1 thank God 1 have not
the nerve, to carry that out upon any being that
breathes God's air or walks His earth.
When this resolution came up, my colleague
moved a series of resolutions by wajr of amend-
ment. I moved this simple proposition in addi-
tion, which, I believed, if adopted, would do' a
great deal to relieve the sufferings of our prison-
ers in rebel hands, and I still believe it. But, sir,
the Senator from Ohio moves an amendment to
the original resolution 
Mr. WADE. Not the original resolutibn, but
the committee's resolution.
Mr. WILSON. To the resolution reported by
the Senator from Michigan 
Mr. HOWARD. By the Committee on lljlfli-
tary Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; reported from tte
committee, by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. With your consent.
Mr. WILSON. Now, sir, the Senator from-
Ohio, on the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] consents to strike out
the words "in kind," and to adopt the words
" according to the law of nations." That changes
the whole character of the resolution;Yanil I say
to him I have no objection to voting for it, and!
see nothing in that resolution, as amended, in-
consistent with the proposition that I have made.
I send to the Chair, and desire to have read,
an amendment which 1 intend to move to the"
amendment; and I will say further, that I came
here this morning with the intention of with-
drawing the proposition to recommit these vari-
ous propositions to the committee, for it seemed
to me that we were reaching a point when we
could agree here, in the face of the country, on
what particular proposition we would vote. I
think 1 said so to the Senator from Ohio himself.
Mr. WADE. Not at all. You did not say a
word to me about it.
Mr. WILSON. However,'be that as it may,
I desire the Secretary to read the proposition that
I propose to offer as an amendment to the reso-
lution of my colleague; and I intend, with the
leave of thfc Senate, the yeas and nays having
been oidered while I was for a moment absent,
to withdraw the motion to recommit these various
propositions; and I do so in the conviction that
we are reaching a point where we can vote upon
that subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have my
amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
will be read, if there be no objection. Is there
any objection >
Mr. ilENDPvICKS. I object to the withdrawal
of the motion to recommit unless the Senator has
a right to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not ,the
question now before the Senate. The question
is on reading the proposed amendment. The
Chaii hears no objection.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas it has come to the knowledge of Congipas that
fire.it numbers ol' our soldiers who have fallen as prisoners
01' war into the hands of the indigents have been sub-
jected to treatment unexampled foi ciuelty in the history of
civilized war, which lias lesulted in tile death 01" multi-
tude.- by the slow pioeess of starvation, and by mortal (Its-
eases occasioned by insufficient and unhealthy lood, and by
wanton exjivi-uie ot then pcioons to the inclemency ol the
weather: Therefore,
Rcsoh'dl, In I the Senate anil Houseof Representatives of the
United Stall's 0/ Jimerica in Congress aisnnhUi, That the
President of the United States is hereby aiifhoii/.ed and 10-
quired to cause such full and ample retaliation to he made,
according to the laws and usages of war among civilized
nations, as shall lie effective in deterring the loliel author-
ities from the pei petition in future of cruel and haihaious
tieannent ol our soldiers.
bait furtherre*oit eil, That the Presii'.entnftlic United
Slates I)'', and he is herehy, authorized 'tint required, as
soon as may he after the passage of this resolution, to ap-
point two eointuis.-aries of pusoneis witil the lehel ail-
tlicuHies, with the view of devising some piaetieahle plan
lor the telle! and bettei treatment of our prisoners of war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent ofthe
Senate to withdraw his motion to refer the res-
olution before the Senate with all the amendments
that have been proposed to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affdli s.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be withdrawn.
Mi. SHERMAN. It is necessary that we
