m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January §0,
should have a short executive session, and, as it
is now a laic hour, I move that the Seriate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
I will state to my colleague that I shall have no
objection at all, if a majority of the Senate shall
desire it, to resume the consideration of legislative
business after the executive session, but it is ne-
cessary to have a short executive session now.
Mr. "WADE. We shall not be able to resume
this subject if we go into executive session now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think this matter
can be closed to-night, and 1 must insist on my
motion.
Mr. WADE. If there is anything absolutely
necessary to be done I will not resist it.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to;
and, after some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened, and.
the Senate adjourned.
. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 30,1865.
The House met af twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. V. M. Hulbert, of Yonkers, New
York.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business during
the morning hour to-day is the consideration and
reference of bills and joint resolutions on leave to
their appropriate committees, not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider.
The committees were then called for that pur-
pose.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF, ETC.
Mr. PATTERSON introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to incorporate the Colum-
bia Institution for the instruction of the deaf, the
dumb, and the blind, approved February 36,
1857;" which whs read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the district of
Columbia.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a joint reso-
lution relative to revolutionary pensions; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS AND OTHERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a joint resolution relative to the compensation of
members of Congress and the officers of the Gov-
ernment employed in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is that resolution entitled to
be referred, under the rule, anyhow?
The SPEAKER, The rule is positive that all
bills and joint resolutions are to be referred with-
out debate, not to be brought back by motion to
reconsider. ^
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. *
HARBOR OF MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. WILSON having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore,
The SPEAKER introduced a bill to constitute
the harbor of Michigan City, Indiana, a port of
entry, and to release the claim of the General
Government to the tonnage duties of said harbor
to the Michigan City Harbor Company to aid in
its improvement; whie.h was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF FOR FORFEITED PROPERTY.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill for the relief of
loyal and innocent part-owners of personal prop-
erty forfeited on account of the criminal acts of
other part-owners of it; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
CLAIM OF COLE COUNTY, MISSOURI.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a joint resolution
relative to the claim of Cole county, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
SWAMP LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE, of California, introduced a bill to
confirm to the State of California the swamp and
overflowed lands within that State; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill extending the
time for the completion of certain land-grant rail-
roads in Minnesota, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF DAKOTA.
Mr. TODD introduced a bill making an appro-
priation for a geological survey of the Territory
ofDakota; which was read afirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ADJUSTMENT OF PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. POSTON introduced a bill for the adjust-
ment of private land claims in the Territories of
Arizona and New Mexico; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SWEAT introduced a bill to authorize
the extension of the Northern Pacific railroad
eastward to Ontonagon, State of Michigan,and
provide for its connection eastwai'd with the Ohio,
Indiana, Michigan,and Canadian systems of rail-
roadsatPort Huron, Detroit,Toledo, Fort Wayne,
and Dayton; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
The call of States and Territories for resolu-
tions having been completed, the Speaker pro-
ceeded to call the States and Tei ritories for reso-
lutions, commencing with the State of Illinois,
where the call was last suspended.
HARBOR AT ONTONAGON IUVER.
Mr. BEAMAN presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Michigan asking the United
States Government for a grant of lands in aid of
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of the
Ontonagon river, on the southern shore of Lake
Superior; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
SHIP CANAL.
Mr. BEAMAN also presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan, asking the Gov-
ernment of the United States for a grant of lands
in aid of the construction of a ship canal from
Portage Lake to Lake Superior; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. WILSON offered the following resolution;
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire what legUlation is necessary to prevent
payments tot the transposition of property, troops, See., of
the United States by i ail way companies which have agreed,
in consideration of land giants to them by the United States,
to supply such transportation fiee of toll or oilier charge,
and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. That resolution is manifestly
very proper, but I want to suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa that this subject has heretofore
been before the Committee of Claims. A com-
munication from the Secretary of War upon this
very subject was referred to that Committee on
Friday last, and I submit that this resolution had
better go to that committee.
Mr. WILSON. It involves the construction
of the several acts making land grants to railroad
corporations. That subject was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary during the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and was reported on by Mr. Porter, of
Indiana, a member of the Judiciary Committee
at that time. I therefore desire to have the sub-
ject referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. The same subject is now
pending before the Committee of Claims, but I
presume the reference to the Judiciary Commit-
tee would be correct, and I will not object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUREAU OF AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS.
Mr. ALLISON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was r^ad, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means are
hereby insuuetod to inquire into the expediency of «stab-
hshing m the Treasury Department a bureau to be called
the Bureau of Statistic.-', lor the collection and publication
annually of the statistics of external and Internal com-
merce, also agiicuitural, niineiaf, and manufactured pro-
ductions; with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATMENT OF FREEDMEN.
Mr. GRINNELL submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the
war be directed to inquire into the treatment of the men,
women, and children of African descent, made free bv the
President's proclamation, by the fouiteenth Auny corps,
commanded by Major General Jefferson C. Davis, of Gen-
eral Sherman's army, in its recent march from Atlanta to
Savannah, and report thereon at their earliest convenience.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire what is
the object of this resolution? General Jeff. C.
Davis, of Indiana, is a very gallant and" patriotic
soldier, and this resolution seems to imply a cen-
sure upon his conduct in some way. 1 trust it
will be explained.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana 
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then I object to debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question was put; and the House refused to
lay the resolution on the table—ayes 38, noes 65.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. J. C. Allen] objects to debate, and it
is not in order pending the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will beglad to answer
any question or suggestion, if rcan have an op-
portunity.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. MALLORY". I simply wish to say to
the gentleman that if he will modify his resolu-
tion so as to say "General Sherman and his
army," instead of " Jeff. Davis and his army,"
I will vote for it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to. The
question is on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 63, noes 19; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Guinnell and Holman. •
The House divided, and the tellers reported-
ayes 73, noes 21.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF CONSCRIPTION ACT.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, on which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs is
hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the act to regulate and provide for enrolling and
calling out the national forces as to give enrolling officers
the power to administer oaths to all who they may believe
tail or refuse to teii the truth as to their ages, &c.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, .moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASED PAY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. COBB. I offer the following resolution,
on which 1 demand the previous question:
Resolved, That in view of the enormous expenses ot me
Government rendered necessary for the maintenance of
