1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
teers in the United States service. But inasmuch
as the State of Missouri herself was the seat of
war, it was hard to require men to volunteer to
go out of the State. Congress authorized the
raising' of ten thousand men for service exclu-
sively in the State, and to be paid by the Federal
Government. They were United States volun-
teers doing service in theState; but unlike United
States volunteers they were called Missouri State
militia. The y were under the control of the Fed-
eral Government, were paid by the Federal Gov-
ernment, were commanded by Federal officers,
and were just as much United States volunteers
as any soldiers raised during this war. That is
the second class of cases that the gentleman has
inquired about, and this class has nothing to do
with the class to which this bill relates.
The class to which the bill relates is this. In
1862 the Federal Government had withdrawn
most of its forces from the State of Missouri.
There was an invasion of ihe State from Arkan-
sas, and the rebellion also broke out in the State.
General Schofield, who was then in command in
the State, applied to the Governor to call out the
militia. The Governor did so, and placed those
troops under the command of General Schofield.
They continued under his command, and aided
mainly and effectively in repelling the invasionof
the State and in putting down the rebel bands in
the State. After they had performed that service,
General Schofield was called upon to send every
man he could spare to Vicksburg. The Governor
of the State asked that the militia should be re-
lieved from service, butGeneral Schofield, having
sent away the United States troops to Vicksburg,
insisted upon keeping the militia in the field.
Some of that militia have served two years, and
are still in the service,although called outin 15G2.
They have remained in service at the earnest so-
licitation of the generals in command—Generals
Curtis, Schofield, and Rosecrans—each asking
that they be retained. This bill is to authorize the
payment of those troops, or of as many of them
as may be shown to have been in the service at
the request and solicitation and under the orders
of the commander of the department. The bill
has nothing to do with the other class of militia
to which the gentleman refers.
^ Mr. MALLORY. I must now insist upon the
previous question. I have only this to say in
reference to the bill, that wherever payments have
been made, either m Missouri or Kentucky, it is
dnected that no allowance shall be made by this
bill, it is only where troops have served and
have not been paid by the Federal Government
that the commission is to allow payment to be
made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman a single question.
Mr. MALLORY. I will hear it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman yield me the floor to move that the bill
be referred back to the Committee of Ways and
Means with instructions to add a provision to pay
Pennsylvania and Indiana troops?
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I must insist on the previous question.
The question being on seconding th-o previous
question, the House divided, and there were—
ayes 35, noes 80.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section, to be added to the
amendment reported by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. MALLony] from the Committee of
Ways and Means:
That, to leunburso the State of Pennsylvania for ex-
penses paid m calling out the militia of stud rftatc during
the iceeut invasion by rebel forces, the sum of $750,000, or
fo much thereof as may be found necesisaiy,the same hav-
, in^, been audited by the proper Department, he, and the
*amc is hereby, appropriated out of any money la the
■Fieasury notothciwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. 1 raise a point of order that
this amendment has not been considered in Com-
mittee ot the Whole, nor have the rules been sus-
pended to allow its consideration in the House.
The SPEAKER. TheCha irsustainsthe point
of order. This is an amendment proposing to
make an appiopnation, and the tules not having
been suspended, it must fust be comsideied in
Committee of the Whole. I'he rules were sus-
pended only so far as was necessary to allow the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallo&y] to re-
port an amendment from the Committee of Ways
and Means. The amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is not in order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to lay this
bill and amendment on the table.
Mr. GRiDER. I call for the yeas and nays.
Upon the question of ordering the yeas and
nays, the House divided; and there were—ayes
20, noes 93.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay the bill and amendment on
the table was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill and amendment were
laid on the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Sen'ate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of its clerks, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 649) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1866.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate further insist upon their disagreement
to the first, third, fourth, and fifth amendments
of the House to the bill (S. No. 390) relating to
the postal law,and agree to the furtherconferenoe
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon; and have appointed Mr.
Collamer, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Pomeuoy
the committee on the part of the Senate.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 479) to in-
corporate a national military and naval asylum
for the relief of the totally disabled officers and
men of the volunteer forces of the United States;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. KASSON, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (H, R.
No. 649) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866,
submitted a report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the hill (II. Jt, No.
649) making appropriations lor the legislative, exeeuuve,
and judicial expenses oi the Government tor the year end-
ing 30th June, 18G6, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to lecommend, and do tecummend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House letcdu fioiu their disagreement to the
first, second, fifth, twenty-seventh, thuty-fitth, foity-fifth,
and forty-eighth amendments of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments to the bill
of the House numbered thirteen, torn teen, fifteen, twenty-
eight, and twenty-nine.
That ihe Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to their third amendment, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows: suike
out all of said amendment of the Ilnu e, and insert in lieu
theieof the following: ''Provided) however. That any Sena
tor who lias already, as a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, icceived a poition of a set of the Congressional
Globe, shall only be entitled to leeeive, as such Senator,
tin1 additional volumes required to complete one full set."
That the House recede liom their disagreement to the
ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
vviih an amendment, as follows: add at the end of wild
amendment the words "so much thereof to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior as may
be neccsssaiy for the erection of said addition."
That the House recede iiom their disagreement lo the
tenth amendmentofthe Senate,and airree to the same with
an amendment, as lollows: strike out the word " ninety"
and insert iu lieu thereof the words •' seventy-five."
That the Senate recede Irom thru- disngtccment to the
amendments of the House to their twehth and twenty-
fourth amendments, and agree to the same.
That 'the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-sixth amendment of the Seifhte, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: insert m heu of the
words stricken out the words " for h-gal assistance, and
othernecessaiy, and special, and extiaotdinary expenses in
the disposal of private land claims in Caliloi nui,§10,000."
That the House recede fiom their disagieement to tiie
foity-tbird amendmentofthe Senate, and agree to the t,arne
with an amendment, as follows : strike out of said amend-
ment all aftoi the word "appropriated," in the eighth hue,
and inseit m heu thereof the following: " and for the pur-
pose of furnishing and fitting up suitable rooms for ihe office
of the Attorney General, if it vhall be neoessaiy for him to
remove from the Treasury Department, the cum of .$10,000 m
is hereby appropriated, or so much thereof as may be ne- J
ce^aiy." 1!
That the Senate recede ftom their disagreement to so
much of the amendments of the House to their forty-sixth
amendment as is contained in the last two sections of said
amendment of tiie House, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
forty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: add to the end of
said amendment ihe following: and tiie twin of .§43,000
is hereby appiopriated to be added to the contingent lurid
of the House of Representatives, for the purpose of paying
such contingent expenses as maj be directed by icsoimion
of the House." DANIEL CLARK,
IRA HARRIS.
J. W. NESMITH,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
JOHN A. KASSON,
It. MALLORY,
H. WINTER DAVIS,
Managers on the part oj the House,
Mr. KASSON. I do not know that it is neces-
sary forme to recite item by item the action of the
committee of conference, although I am ready
to do so, if it is desired by the House.
Mr. BROOKS. We want to hear it.
Mr. KASSON. Very well. The first amend-
ment of the Senate in which the House did not
concur was the clause relating to the reporting
of the Congressional Globe on the Senate side,
for which ihe original appropriation was §10,000,
and which had been increased by amendment of
the Senate to $20,000. It was found that in con-
sequence of an error in the estimate of the clerks
of the Senate, §10,000 had been put in the esti-
mates instead of $20,000, for the long session. It
was found to be accurate, and was therefore
yielded by the committee of the House.
The second item was in lelation to paying the
publishers of the Globe one cent additional for
ever live pages, &c., which is an appropriation
required by the existing law. It was made on
the Senate side just as it has been made on the
House side.
The third item related to providing a complete
set of the Congressional Globe to each Senator.
cy''The House had amended that, so as to provide
Y that no Senator should i*eceive a set of these books
who had received them asa member of the House.
The committee of conference recommend in place
of that provision one which will allow a Senator
to receive enough volumes of the Congressional
Globe to make, with those volumes he has pre-
viously received as a member of this House, a full
set of the Congressional Globe. That was deemed
right by the committee of conference.
The next item related to the appropriation of
$100 for the removal of the railing in the old Hall
of the House of Representatives. It was found
necessary to keep that railing up until some other
fence was provided, for the preservation of the
columns and other valuables in the old Hall of
the House. Therefore the committee of thaJIouse
receded from that amendment, prefcrringto allow
that fence-railing to remain there during the vaca-
tion.
The next amendment related to the printinges-
tablishment, the appropriation for the additional
building and Adams printing presses, of which
the estimate was for eight. The Committee on
Printing of the Senate, and a part at least of the
House committee, had urged the matter as a ques-
tion of economy upon both Houses. More care-
ful estimates, and a reexamination of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, satisfied the com-
mittee ofconfcrence that it wasameasure required
for an economical and reliable administration of
the public printing, and actually necessary for
sastifymg the demand upon that office for some
time to come.
It was found, for example, that the Agricul-
tural Report could not be issued, except with
great delay, without some additional facilities.
It is desirable that we should be enabled in future
to distribute this and other documents during the
session. In that amendment, therefore, the com-
mittee concurred, with an amendment.
The next amendment related to the cost of lith-
ographing and engraving. Both committees re-
ceded from the former amendment; and we took
the basis of the actual expenditure during the Inst
session ofCongress,which was $75,000,and added
that amount to the other appropriations for the
next year.
In reference to the extension of the Library the
Senate concurred in theamendmentof the House.
The next amendment related to the publica-
tion of the laws of the United States iu pamphlet
11 form. This appropriation was made to defray the
