THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Iggntof the,Senate, and agree to the same; that the
House'recede from their disagreement to the first
' amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
j with amendments, as follows: in line three of said
' 4[ en<'a!eilt strike out the words "any railroads"
and insert in lieu the words " the Illinois Central
Railroad;" and strike out all of said amendment
after the word "States" line five, arid that the
Senate agree to the same as so modified.
The report was signed by Messrs. Cowan and
Wilson, managers on thepartofthe Senate,and
by Messrs. Stevens and Washburne, of Illi-
nois, managers on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. The only matter in which
the House feels any interest, connected vsjith this
report, is that which relates to payments to rail-
roads to which land grants have been made upon
condition of their carrying the troops and muni-
tions of war of the United States free of toll.
Now, dir,the House inserted a general provision
against all railroads. We find that only one
jingle one of the roads is paying sufficiently to
require that provision, and that is the Illinois
Central railroad. We have therefore amended
the provision so as to confine it to the Illinois
Central railroad.
I move that the report be adopted, and demand
tfye previous question.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. As I was a member of
this committee of conference, and as I could not
concur with the committee, 1 ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few mo-
ments while I explain the reasons why I refused
to concur.
Mr. STEVENS. For that purpose I will
yield, certainly.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I was not able to agree
•with the majority of the committee of confer-
ence in this report, and 1 ask the attention of
the House while I briefly state the reasons for
that disagreement.
The House will recollect that some time since
, when this bill was pending in the Committee of
j the Whole we had some controversy as to the
H proviso added to the bill which prohibited the
payment of any portion of the money appropri-
ated by the bill to any of the land-grant railroads.
It struck me then that the provision was wrong
and ought not to be ingrafted on the bill. Re-
flection since that controversy has only confirmed
me in the correctness of the views that I then en-
tertained. I feel certain, whatever may be the
law of the question, that nobody anticipated
when these grants were made the condition of
things that now exists in our country, or no com-
pany would have accepted a grant of this kind
and undertaken to build the road year after year
when the Government of the United States was
to take possession of it and compel the company
to furnish the rolling stock and operate the road.
Mr. Speaker, it is not the first time in the his-
tory of legislation that men have been mistaken as
to the construction of a law, and those gentlemen
who seem so confident that they are correct in
their construction of these grants may possibly
be mistaken. Very eminent jurists have differed
in opinion concerning it. The gentleman from
Psntisylvania seems to think that no man can
doubt but what the true construction of these acts
is that the railroad companies are bound to do all
the business of the Government, and furnish the
rolling stock and the men to operate the road just
so long as the Government of the United States
may desire it for the transportation of troops and
munitions of war. But while thatis his opinion,
Other eminent lawyers in the country have taken
a different view. The Secretary of War, when
this question was first presented to his Depart-
ment, took a different view of it, and I have been
informed, I do not know whether truly or not,
that the then Attorney General of the United States
took a different view of it. i know that the ques-
tion was at any rate waived by the Secretary of the
Treasury and the President of the United States,
and that the Illinois Central Railroad Company
entered into a contract with the Government to
carry their troops and munitions of war. And,
sir, in a debate which occurred in the Senate the
other day that contract was presented, and is to be
found in the Daily Globe of February 22. By
the terms of that contract the Illinois Central
Railroad Company agreed with the Government
that they would carry troops and munitions of
war at a reduction of thirty-three and a half per
cent, upon their ordinary charges. Since that
time they have been doing the business of the
Government, as their contract required them to
do, at the reduced price. This House, however,
ingrafted a provision on the bill which prohibits
the payment of any portion of the money appro-
priated by this bill to any land-grant railroad
company, and they did it under a clause which
has found its waymtoall these grants,and which
reads as follows:
"The same shall be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United States, free from
toll or other charge for the transportation of any property
or troops of the united States."
I may be permitted to s,ay that this is a tran-
script, as far as it goes, from certain grants to
turnpike roads and canals. Now, I presume that
no one will contend that where the Government
has granted lands in this manner to a canal, it
was ever contemplated that those to whom the
grant was made should find the boats and men
to man them.
But it is said that a railroad grant is different,
that a railroad comprises not only the road-bed,
but also the rolling stock of the company and the
men to operate it, and that therefore the railroad
is not complete until it is furnished with cars,
rolling stock, and men to work it. I repeat that
there may be yet some doubt on that question.
It is said that the road would be useless to the
Government without the rolling stock and with-
out the men to work it. No such thing, sir. The
road-bed itself, with the rails, is of vast import-
ance to the Government. The Government has
the right to take and use the railroad for the trans-
portation of troops and munitions of war und#r
the provisions of the charter; and this it may do
without any material interference with the regu-
lar business of the road. It is sometimes said
that it is impossible for the Government to run
cars on the road for the transportation of troops
and munitions of war without constant danger of
collision. There is no such danger. If the Gov-
ernment see fit to put cars on the road and run
them, it can do so by regulating the time-table
with the company. There need be no conflict.
But, again,Mr. Speaker, it is said that the roll-
ing stock and the force to operate it must be
placed under the control of the Government, and
that the company is not entitled to receive any-
thing for transporting troops or munitions of
war. If that construction of the law be correct
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania what there
is to prevent this company from withdrawing
fiom its road all the rolling stock, and where
would be the remedy of the Government? The
company has the right to do it. It is its own prop-
erty, and it can do with it as it sees fit. Unless
there were something in the charter positively
requiring the company to furnish the rolling stock
and to man it, it does seem to me that it is a foiced
construction of the law to say that the company
is required to furnish all this.
But it may be said that the Government derives
no benefit from the road if the rolling stock is
not furnished to it. Let us see. This is a great
thoroughfare, a great highway between the lakes
and the mouth of the Ohio, on which the Govern-
ment may transport its troops and munitions of
war much cheaper and easier than if there was
no road there. It would be of vast benefit to the
Government if the Government should see fit to
take it and operate it at its own charge.
Mr. Speaker, the Government has received
compensation fourfold the value of the lands
granted to the Illinois Central railroad. This was
a grant of about two and a half million acres of
land to the State of Illinois. The land was at the
time in a wild state—most of it prairie land.
There was no settlement on it, and nothing to in-
duce settlement on it. It was then, and had been
for years and years, in the market at §1 25 per
acre. The Government granted each alternate
section within a given space to the State of Illi-
nois, requiring at the same time that the reserved
sections should not be sold at less than §2 50 per
acre. The State granted these lands to the Illi-
nois Central Railroad Company which undertook
to construct the work. The lands have become
very valuable, but their increased value has been
in consequence of the opening of the railroad,
which afforded facilities for reaching the market.
The consequence is that the land-which was then
a desert is now blossoming like a garden. Italso
enabled the Government to dispose of the re-
served sections of land not at $1 25an acre but at
§2 50 an acre. Many sections broughtmore than
that; for the land was offered at public auction,
and in the land district in which I reside I know
tract after tract that sold for from five to seven dol-
lars an acre, and this within three years after the
grant was made; so that this Government has re-
ceived its equivalent for the grant in the rapid
sale of the reserved sections at enhanced prices.
The Government has be.en receiving from the
time that road went into operation consideration
for the grant in the transportation of troops and
munitions of war. Since the breaking out of the
rebellion the Government has saved by the con-
tract with the Illinois Central over half a million
dollars; so that it is constantly receiving, every
time it transfers men, munitions of war, or prov-
ender for its artillery or cavalry horses, a con-
sideration for this grant in the reduction that is
made in the ordinary charges, in the contract
made with the company.
Now, Mr. Speaker,! have shown that the Gov-
ernment has received consideration for thatgrant.
Then I ask, upon what principle of equity can
you adopt this report of the conference commit-
tee ? If the construction is correct which is placed
upon this railroad grant by the Government, by
my colleague on the conference committee, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
then I ask, why make a distinction between the
Illinois Central Railroad Company and other
railroads which received similar grants? Why
not include them all? Is it because it is deter-
mined to adhere to the law ? Is it because it is
so "nominated in the bond?" If that be the
reason, then I ask again, why make a distinction
between the Illinois Central Company and other
roads which have received land grants from the
General Government? It is an unjust distinction
between these roads, and cannot be defended upon
the ground upon which it is placed by the commit-
tee.
It is said they make this distinction because
the Illinois Central Railroad Company is able to
bear it. Now, why is it able to bear it? Simply
because by their energy and by the expenditure
of their capital they have made that road valua-
ble, and have opened up what was a wilderness
to a dense population. And they are transferring
along their line daily millions of tons of produce
raised in a region of country which, without their
skill, energy, and capital, would have still been
a desert. 1 repeat that if they are stickling upon
the legal question they ought to apply it to all the
railroads.
Mr. STEVENS. ,1 would ask my colleague
on the conference committee [Mr. J. C. Allen]
if he has not already occupied a full share of my
time ?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I feel under a thousand
obligations to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] But this is a question in which
I feel a deep interest as a citizen of the State of
Illinois. While I regretthat I trespass upon the
time of the gentleman and upon the time of the
House, it does seem to me that this company is
entitled to be heard here, and not thus be singled
out as a mark for those who desire to break down
one of the most importantinterests in the North-
west; certainly the most important in my State.
Mr. STEVENS. I must take the floor again.
I will yield for a few moments to the gentleman
from Illinois on my left, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASFIBORNE, of Illinois. I will not
argue the legal question which has b.een presented
here by my colleague, [Mr. J. C. Allen.] I
will not, in justice to the House, do so, because
not only has this Congress passed upon it unani-
mously by its Judiciary Committee, but the last
Congress passed upon this question upon the able
and conclusive report of its Judiciary Committee.
They decided that those railroad companies built
by grants of land were bound to carry the prop-
erty and troops of the United States free of ail
toll and other charge. So far as that is concerned,
that is the law of this House, and I will not now
argue that question.
I will speak for a moment upon thepoint raised
by the report of the committee of conference,
without arguing the legal question. The original
pioposition offered by the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] was that in the cases of all roads
to which a grant of land had been made there
