m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
paper abroad is worth eight cents per pound.
Ymir three per cent, lariff would be collected upon
that. Paper manufactured here is worth at the
present time about twenty-two cents per pound.
The excise tax is three per cent, upon that, mak-
ing a very great difference, as the House will see.
But that is not ail that we lose. We lose the
entire tariff and excise taxes which are imposed
Upon all the articles which enter into the manufac-
ture" Of paper/ If we repeal this duty upon paper,
or reduce it to three per cent., which amounts to
about tile same thing, leaving the tariff upon
those materials which enter largely into the manu-
facture of paper in this country, we close up the
paper-mills of our own country, and offer a pre-
mium to the paper manufacturers of foreign coun-
tries to supply our own market with their paper.
Nothing, it seems to me, is more clear.
• Why, sir, shall we say to foreign countries that
the very paper upon which we print our laws
cannot be manufactured in our own country, but
shall be imported from abroad? It is true that
the-Government pays a larger amount for paper
which it consumes than it would if paper cost
less. There is that difference. How much it
atnounts to, I am unable to say; it is not a very
great sum, however.
I have made a calculation of the difference to
the revenue between the law as it now stands,
with excise duties and tariff upon materials,
and as it will lie in case the resolution of my col-
league [Mr. Washburn£] shall become the law.
I find, and in this i have been aided by some
tables which, on examination, I find to be re-
markably accurate!? that the tariff and excise duties
upon the materials used in the manufacture of one
ton of paper, in currency, amount to $22 G3.
Now you add the excise tax of three per cent,
upon the paper, calling paper twenty-two cents
per pound, would make $13 50 move per ton,
making §3G 13 which ihe Government derives
from the manufacture of paper in our own coun-
try, upon every ton of it.
ijfow for the foreign article. A duty of three per
cent, upon the article, calling paper worth fight
cents per pound, which 1 believe is the present
price of it in Belgium, and converting that three
per cent, into currency, calling gold 225, and the
Government derives from a ton of paper so im-
ported only $10 80, making a difference in favor
of the present law of §25 33 on a ton of paper.
There are seven qr eight hundred paper mills in
the country manufacturing upon an average a ton
of paper a day each. There is a difference of $25 33
upon every ton of paper. You have, thon, in
round numbers,adiffereficeannually of$7,000,000
to the revenue of the Government, as between
the law as it now stands and the proposed change
of my colleague. This is a matter, Mr. Speaker,
which it seems to me ought to be taken into con-
sideration.
It will be observed that in this estimate 1 have
not added into the account the income tax, war
tax.norexcise tax upon freights, iron for repairs,
machinery,or coal when used as a power. Then
consider that there are fifty thousand men em-
ployed in working these mills in the United States
who will be discharged from employment if the
mills stop.
There is another fact which may be considered
in connection with what I said before. The news-
papers of the country have increased their price.
They are charging more for their papers and more
for advertising than they did before. They have
brought up their price in proportion to the en-
hanced price of everything, else. Must not the
Manufacturer of paperdotliesamething? Why,
sir, look at the difference in the State of Illinois be-
tween the prices before the war and now. In my
own town, before the war, laborcould be obtained
at seventy-five cents per day by the year, and it
now costs § I 50 by the year. Coal could be pur-
chased in Chicago at $5 50 per ton, and it now
costs twelve to fifteen dollars. Lime cost fifty-
five cents per barrel, now it costs $1 25. Lard
oil seventy-five cents per gallon, now it costs two
dollars. Chloride of lime then cost three and a
half cents per pound, now it costs seven. Soda-
ash cost two and a half cents, now it costs six.
Boarding laborers then cost twelve to fourteen
shillings per week, now it costs five dollars per
week. Upon examination it will be found that
everything else used in the manufacture of paper
has gone up in like or greater proportion. Ma-
chinery, iron used in repairs, rags and straw,
wood and coal, felting, wire, band leather, &c.
So it is with the cost of transportation. Indeed,
every article used in the manufacture of paper has
at least doubled in value, and some have much
more than doubled. Notwithstanding this, and
notwithstanding the income taxes, excise taxes,
war taxes, &c., paper can be bought to-day for a
little more than double what it could then. It is
now I think twenty-two cents, and then it was!
think about ten and a half cents.
Another thing I wish to call the attention of the
House to is the difference in the profit derived
from the manufacture of paper and the profit
derived from these city newspapers. I find, sir,
that the proprietors of that very newspaper, the
Chicago Tribune, are paying an income tax upon
$120,000 a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When wets
this?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the year 1863.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before this
tax was put on?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, sir, the tariff
was higher in 18G3 than now. Does not my col-
league know that fact?
Mr. STEVENS. It was thirty-five per cent.,
and we reduced it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I speak of
the tax imposed upon the public by the combi-
nation of the paper makers. This profit was
made before this combination existed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
that waj before the combination of the paper
makers. I know of no such combiqation; but I
do knowj as well as I can know anything of which
1 am not personally cognizant, that there was no
combination among the paper makers of the
West.
I was contrasting the incomes derived from the
manufacture of paper, and thope from the publi-
cation of newspapers. I find that the proprietors
of the Chicago Tribune, for the year 1863, gave
in the following incomes over and above the $G00
exempt to each of the proprietors: William
Bross, $25,957; Alfred Cowles, $27,073; Joseph
Meclill, $20,790; Charles H. Ray, $12,529; J.S.
Scripps, $23,856; and the editor of the Chicago
Journal's income was $25,554.
There you see the profits for one year derived
from the publication of a newspaper in the city of
Chicago, which has taken the lead in this crusade
against the paper manufacturers of the West.
Mr. Speaker, we have many paper mills in the
West, but not so many as I wish, and as I ex-
pect to see, if we cease tampering with tariffs, and
stop this fitful legislation. Itisagrowing interest
there, and with the facilities and materials Which
we possess, water power, straw, flax, and rags in
abundance, I expect to see a paper mill every
three miles along the Rock and Fox rivers in my
State. 1 know of no good reason why they should
be singled out from all other manufacturers and
compelled to close their mills for the benefit of the
foreigner, and to gratify the mistaken policy of a
few already wealthy newspaper proprietors. For
my part, 1 am glad to see newspapers thrive, and
their proprietors prosperous and happy. I do not
find fault with that.
Here is a table showing the tariffs at different
periods upon printing paper, and upon materials
used in its manufacture:
1846. 1857. 1861. 1862. 1863.
Perct. Perct. Perct, Perct. Perct.
Paper 30 24 30 35 20
Soda ash 10 4 fit) cts. per 100 lbs.
Bleaching powder 10 4 30 <{ "
Alum 20 15 60 " "
Oil vitriol 20 4 let. per lb.
Woolen felting?) 30 24 20 cts>. per lb. anil
35 per ct. ad val.'
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me to make a remark or two?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
answer my colleague, and I hope he will give
way to a motion to postpone the subject. The
gentleman has had an opportunity to argue his
side of the subject, and 1 wish to argue my side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Illinois that permission to make
a personal explanation is not a transferable right,
as is a transfer of the floor under the hour rule
for general debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall ob-
ject to his yielding the floor, unless I can have an
opportunity to reply to my colleague.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to this debate going
on in this informal manner. I object to any fur-
ther personal explanations this morning.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. As thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is involved in this gross at-
tack, I hope the House will extend to him the
same courtesy that has been extended to me.
I have said all I desired to say at the present
time, and I give way to the gentleman fromOhio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
unless I can have an hour.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no argument to
make, but simply a statement.
The SPEAKER. How long a time does the
gentleman desire?
Mr. SPALDING. Five minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I object.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall ob-
ject also, unless I can have the privilege of an-
swering my colleague.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, no
further debate is in order.
TOTES FOR PKESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. STEVENS. There i/3 on the Speaker's
table a message from the Senate requesting the
House to appoint a committee to meet a commit-
tee of the Senate to make arrangements for count-
ing the electoral vote. \ think we should respond
to it, and I ask that it may be taken up.
No objection being made, the resolution of the
Senate was taken from the table and reported, as
follows:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of three members
be appointed by the President of the Senate, to join such
committee as may be appointed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, to ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes tor President and Vico President of the United States,
and of notifying the persons chosen of their election.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House accede
to the r^questof theSenate,and that a committee
of five be appointed upon the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed aa
such committee Messrs. Stevens, Washburne
of Illinois, Mallorv, Davis of Maryland, and
Cox.
COMMITTEE ON VENTILATION.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there has been a resolution from the Senate on
the Speaker's table since the 12th of January,
which has never been called up. The Chair will
submit it to the House, and then ask if there be
any objection to its consideration.
The resolution of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concmring.) 1. That the joint committee on ventilation
.and improvement of the Halls of Congress be authorized
to examine witnesses and employ a reporter.
2. That the members of the Committees of the two
Houses upon Public Buildings and Grounds be added to
the said joint committee upon ventilation, &c., for the pur-
pose of deciding upon any plan or proposition of improve-
ment which may be before j>aid committee for considera-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have ob-
jected to that once before, and I object to taking
it up now.
Mr. PIKE. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of considering it.
The House refused to suspend the rules, a"n<l
the resolution was not considered.
NIAGARA SHIP CANAL.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
unless gentlemen insist that the special order shall
be taken up. I hope they will allow us to go on
and pass one or two appropriation bills, that the-
Senate may have something to do.
The SPEAKER. The special order after the
morning hour to-day is the consideration of the
Niagara ship-canal bill.
Mr, "STEVENS. I ask gentlemen to post-
pone it until to-morrow, and let us go on with
appropriation bills.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will consent to have it post-
poned until Wednesday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I then move that it be post-
poned until Wednesday morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
understanding that it shall come up at that hour.
We do not want it to lose its place.
