1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is there not a
special order for Wednesday already?
The SPEAKER. -There is, after the morning
hour. But this would come up immediately after
the reading of the Journal and before the recon-
struction bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
motion is put I desire to inquire whether any
other measure which has been postponed would
come in before this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that this
being a special .order, if postponed until Wednes-
day, it will come up the very first thing after the
reading of the Journal, unless the constitutional
amendment should come over from Tuesday. If
the llouse should be still engaged upon that at
the adjournment on Tuesday, it will come up as
the unfinished businessimmediatelyafter the read-
ing of the Journal on Wednesday.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope it will not be postponed
as a special order.
The SPEAKER. It is a special order now, and
must be postponed as such.
Mr. DAWES. Then I trust it will be post-
poned until some other day. There is business
of importance to come in after the constitutional
amendment shall be disposed of, which the House
should pass upon at an early day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent of
the 1 louse to report back from the Committee on
the Judiciary joint resolution of the House No.
U3fi, declaring cprtain States notentitled to repre-
sentation in the Electoral College. It is important
that it should be acted upon at once.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 object.
Mr. WILSON. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of having the joint resolution con-
sidered now.
The question Was put; and two thirds voting
in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
Mr. WILSON. I now report the joint resolu-
tibn, and 1 ask the previous question upon* it.
The preamble to thejoint resolution recites that
the inhabitants and local authorities of the States
of Virginia* North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee rebelled
against the Government of the United States, and
have continued -in a state of armed rebellion for
more than three years, and were in a state of
armed rebellion on the 8th of November, 1864.
The joint resolution provides that the States
mentioned in the preamble are not entitled to rep-
resentation in the Electoral College for the choice
of President and Vice President of the United
States for the term of office commencing on the
4th of March, 18G5, and that no electoral votes
shall be received or counted from those Statps
concerning the choice of President and Vice Pres-
ident for that term.
Mr. M ALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa wilt hear me for one moment.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. M ALLORY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Iowa that the case provided for by
thejoint resolution which he reports ought to be
met*by the two Houses of Congress when they
meet in joint session to receive and countthe votes
of the various States for President and Vice Pres-
ident. i do not see why we should prejudge the
matter now. We are competent to settle it when
we come to count the votes.
I would say further to the gentleman from Iowa
that I have been instructed by the Committee on
Rules of this House to introducean amendmentto
the rules concerning the very case contemplated
by this joint resolution, and directing the mode in
which any contest as to the right of any State to
cast its vote shall be settled by the two Houses
of Congress in their joint session, if the gen-
tleman will allow me,l will send to the Clerk and
ask him to read the report which I have been in-
structed to make by the Committee on Rules.
Mr. WILSON. J have no objection to its
being read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the following
be added to thejoint rules of the two Houses:
23. The two Houses siwil assemble m the Hull of the
House of Representatives at the hour of one o'clock, p.
nu, on the second Wednesday in February^iext succeed-
ing the meeting of the Electors of President and Vice
President of the United States, and the President of the
Senate shall be their Presiding Officer; one teller shall be
appointed on the part of the .Senate and two on the part
ot the House of Representatives, to whom shall be handed,
a/they are opened by the President of the Senate, the cer-
tificates of the electoial votes; and said tellers having read
the s ame in the piesence and hearing of the two Ilous?s
then assembled, shall make a list of the votes as shall ap-
pear from the said eertilieates; and the votea having been
counted, the result of tne same *sliall be delivered to the.
President of the Senate, who shall thereupon announce
the state of the voie and the names of the peisons, if any,
elected, which announcement shall be deemed a sufficient
declaration of ihe persons elected President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, and, together with a list of tiie
votes, be entered on the Journals of the two Homes.
If, upon the reading of any such certificate by the tellers,
any question shall arise in regard to counting the votes
therein certified, the same, having been stated by the Pre-
siding Officer, shall be submitted, first by the President of
the Senate to that body, and then by the Speaker to the
House of Representatives, and no question shall he decided
affiimatively, and no vote objected to shall be counted ex-
cept by the concurrent votes ot' the two Houses, said votes
of the two Houses to be reported lo and declared by the
Presiding Officer; and upon any Mich question there shall
be no debate ; and any other question peitment to the ob-
ject for which the two Houses are assembled may be sub-
mitted and determined in like manner. At such joint meet-
ing of the two Houses, seats shall be piovided, as follows:
for the President ot the Senate the Spcaker'schair; for the
Speaker, a chair immeduitely upon hid left; tor the Senators,
in the body oi the Hall upon the right of the Presiding Offi-
cer; for the Representatives, in the body of the Hall not
occupied by the Senators; for the tellers, Secretary of the
Senate, and Clerk of the House of Representatives, at the
Clerk's desk; for the other officers ol the two Houses, in
front of the Clerk's desk and upon either side ot the
Speaker's platform.
Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until the elec-
toral votes are ail counted and the result declared; and no
recess shall be taken, unless a question shall have arisen
in regard to cpunting any of such votes, in wluelucu^e it
shall be competent for either Hou^e, upon motion made
and submitted by its own Presiding Officer, to dnect a re-
cess not beyond the next day at the hour of one o'clock,
p. rn.
Mr, WILSON, I think there is a majority
of the House in favor of the passage of thejoint
resolution which I have reported, but I think it
very doubtful whether a majority of the House
would be in favor of the adoption of the rule
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] has had read at the Clerk's desk. And as
it is very important that tins question shall be
determined at once, inasmuch as the opening and
counting of the electoral votes is to take place
next Wednesday week, I think we had better
act oi% the joint resolution now, leaving the pro-
posed amendment of the rules to be reported and
discussed at the proper time. I therefore move
this previous question.
Mr. M ALLORY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will offer the rule as a substitute for the
joint resolution, and let the sense of the House
be taken on it.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, I cannot do that.
That would create a good deal of discussion, I
am satisfied, from the provision made there for
the determination of the question by the two
Houses silting in the same Hall, i therefore
move the previous question on the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the House will vote
it down, and let the Senate have something to do :
with the settlement of the question.
The previous question was seconded, nnd the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was engrossed and read the
•third time.
Mr. WILSON moved thaprevious question on
the preamble.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the preamble was engrossed and read the third
time.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the passage of the preamble arid joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the preamble and joint resolution were passed.
Mr, WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and joint resolution were
passed, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter snotion was agreed to.
NAVAL MARINE ENGINES.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts; Will the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.permit me first tosub-
mit a report from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs on the subject of naval marine engines?"
Mr. STEVENS. I will, if the report is not
to be acted on now.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is not. I
am instructed to ask that the report belaid on
the table, and be printed with the accompanying
documents and testimony.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to know how much testimony is to be printed,
and what amount of documents. I am told that
the printing will cost nearly one thousand dol-
lars. Is it all to be printed ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent to have this
report laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
with the testimony and accompanying papers. Is
there objection ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object so far as the making of the report is con1
cerned; but I do object to ordering the printing
of the testimony and documents till I know more
about it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentleman
cannot object to the report beitfg made,*as the
Committee on Naval Affairs has leave to report
at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out that part of the motion which provides
for printing the " accompanying papers," so that
the report alone shall be printed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to state
that a large number of documents have been re-
ceived and a large amount of testimony taken
by the committee in this case. The report em-
bodies, as far as is practicable, and, as I believe,
truly and justly, the contents of the testimony and
of the documents. Still, the subject is one of very
considerable importance, and I think that the testi-
mony and documents will prove of great import**
ance, and should be printed. However, i am
willing to submit to the House the question of
prin ting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I under-
stand from my friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
who sits behind me, and who is a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that it was deter-
mined in that committee that the question of the
expediency of printing these documents should
be left to the decision of the House.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have no ob-
jection to the House disposing of the question
with regard to printing this testimony and the
accompanying documents.
Mr. SPALDING. It was the understanding
of the committee that the question of printing
should be left to the House.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Ricfi, of Massachusetts,
as amended, was adopted.
MARY 35. BOUlilGNY.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is still entitled to the
floor.
Mr. THAYER. I ask my colleague to yield
for a moment, that I may obtain consent to with-
draw certain papers.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. THAYER. I ask leave, on behalf of Mrs.
Mary E. Bouligny, to withdraw from the files of
the House certain papers relating to her claim,
which has been before the Committee on Private
Land Claims. This claim is now before a sim-
ilar committee of the Senate, and the papers are
wanted for use there.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. GAPvFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to yield to me for
a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for positively the last
time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Objection was made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend tho
rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion unless the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania yields for that purpose.
