THJE CON"GB1SSIOMAL GL0B$.
Januarjf 30,
naval appropriation bill.
] Mr.STEVENS. I decline, to yield. I .now
move that the, rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, $nd proceed to
the consideration of the special order, the naval
appropriation bill.
The raotion was agreed to.
■ So the rules were suspended; and the House
ficcordingly resoled itself in to the Committee of
the Whole on of theUnion, (Mr. Wash-
|^jtNjs,oflHi?bisi in t,he chair,) and proceeded to
tfte consideration of the special order, the bill (H.
. K. No: 676) making appropriations for the naval
sei'vice ibr the year ending 30th June, I860.
Mr. STEyiiNS. .1 move that the first read-
iilglcif the bill be clispensed with, andthatthe bill
f.e repd by clauses for amendments.
; THe motion was agreed to.
Tile Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses
foX; mendmern.
. ;Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The Clerk has
just read the following item:
, #or the construction and repair of vessels of the Navy,
§21,570,000.
;I move to amend bystrikingout" $21,570,000,"
and inserting in"lieu thereof " $24,530,000."
As 1 understand, Mr. Chairman,amongthe es-
timates which were submitted by the Department
for-theexpenses of the ensuing year, no estimates
ware made for any new constructions either of
machinery or of vessels. The estimate which
camc from the Navy Department for the item of
construction and repair of vessels was $24,530,000.
The Committee of Waysand Means have stricken
off from that item $2,960,000, reducing the ap-
propriation to a sum which is believed by the
Ifiavy Department to be inadequate to meet the
fieoessary demands for that purpose during the
year. 1 went over the items for this bureau, and
came to the conclusion that some reduction could
be made in that item; but since that time I have
received a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
calling attention to some of the wants of the De-
partment which were necessarily em braced under
that itetfl, and which require that the sum esti-
mated for shall be appropriated. I will state that
among those is a sum rendered necessary to carry
out the act ofCongress in relation to finishing the
Puritan and the Dictator, and also $150,000, which
the Committee on Naval Affans recommended
the House to authorize as an advance to Paul S.
Forbes on his contract for completing the sloop-
of-war Idaho—not an addition to his contract
price, but simply an advance of that amount be-
fore the completion of the vessel, the vessel-being
abundantly worth more than the amount which,
will have been advanced, including this.
"I send to the Clerk's desk a letter, and ask that
it may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy department, washington,
January VJ, 1 $).">.
Sir : The estimate submitted by tins Department loi the
rnsumg fiscal year for the construction and iep.ui of vessels
i 4£24,53(),OQ0. This amount lias buen reduced $2,000,000
by the Committee of Waysand Mean-*, leaving tin.1 proposed
appropriation $21,570,000. This sum, In the opinion ol the
Ijepartment, will not be sufficient for the necessities o( the
service. The action of the la&t Congress incieaMui the ex-
pense of completing some of the new vvoikin pi ogress, and
to enable the Depaitment to carry out the wi>hea of Con-
gress and to provide for the necessary wants of the Navv,
T respectfully ask that An effort be made to have the lull
amount asked for appiopuated.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES,.
Secretary of the iVat;y.
Hon. A, H. Rice,
Chairman Naval Committee House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, desirous to reduce
these appropriations as much as they could with-
out injury to the public service, (lid reduce the
estimates of the sum mentioned by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, i beiieve, some three mil-
lion dollars, and wc hoped that the Department
would acquiesce in it. But it appears from the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy, which has
been read, that he desires and deems it necessary
that these estimated should be restored. If 1
understood the amendment, it simply provides
for restoring the estimates of the Department.
Now, I am not very desirous thafc the Navy De-
partment shall be hampered, nor do I pretend,
nor does the Committee of Ways and Means, to
know enough to overrule the amendment, al
though we did believe the Department could get
along with $21,000,(100. But it is for the House
to determine whether the estimates shall be re-
stored.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out of the clause
<*for the construction and repair of vessels of the
Navy, $24,530,000," the words "Construction
and. That will ca&ry out, as I understand, Che
view expressed by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. J havp bo ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think that the gen-
tleman from Maine accomplishes his purpose by
the amendment. He ought to insert the words
' completion and," so that it will read u for the
completion and repair," &c.
Mr. PIKE. I accept tiiat as a modification of
my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I doubt whether the amend-
ment will answer the purpose. Last year we au^
thorized the construction of certain vessels. .1
understand that several are under way and others
are contracted for. I doubt whether they have
commenced the construction of some of them, but
1 do not know how that is.
Mr. PIKE. I will say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that they are now upon the stocks
in a greater or less stage of construction. There
are some fifty or sixty vessels of ail kinds and
when completed they will swell our Navy to
nearly seven hundred vessels, abundantly suffi-
cient for all present purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. If the Committee on Naval
Affairs are of the opinion that the amendment is
right, 1, of course, do not object.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For fuel for the Navy,arid for the transportation and ex-
penses thereof, §7,680,000.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to add:
For bounties to seamen, &c., $1,000,OGo.
1 ask the Clerk to read the letter which I send
up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Dki>artmknt, January 1865.
Sir: The Chief oi the Bureau of Equipment and Re-
cruiting infoiiiis uie that alter the-estimates of that bureau
had been* submitted to Congress for the next fiscal year, the
President, on the 20tli December, 18G4, Issued a call for
throe hundred thousand more men. This call was not
anticipated by the buieau, and consequently there will be
an additional appropriation required to pay bounties to
persons enlisting in the naval service under it. He asks
an appropriation of $L,000,GOO to meet this demand, and 1
recommend that the request be granted.
Very respectfully, See., GIDEON1 WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Thapdisxm Stevens, Chairman Committee of J-Vays
(intl Meaiis, House of Representatives.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to add the following:
For the purchase of land adjoining the Boston navy-yard,
#130,000.
I send to the Clerk to be read the communica-
tions upon which that amendment is based.
The Clerk rend, as follows:
Navy Department, January 20, 1865.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a
coniHiunkation, dated the 18th instant, addressed to me by
the chief of the IJure&u of Yards and Docks, relative to the
impoitance of purchasing certain property with the view
of aequumg more water liont foi the Brooklyn and Boston
navv-yards.
Tlit-su matters have been brought to the attention ofCon-
gress heretofore, and on thi* occasion i consider it simply
necessary to a->k the committee, as Rear Admiral Smith
suggests, to repoit the respective amounts named in the es-
timates of the bureau foi the proposed purchases.
Veiy respectfully, See., GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of tke Navy.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman Committee Waysand
Meaiu>y House of Rep) esenlatives.
No. 4.j Navy Department,
Bureau of Yards and Docks, January i8, 1865.
Sir: I beg leave to ask that you request the Committee
of Ways and Means to teport the amount estimated for the
purchase of the Ruggles piopeity adjoining the navy-yard,
Brooklyn, as recommended in your letter of 15th December
last to lion. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of Hou>e of Rep-
resentatives.
Tins piopcrty will be a most valuable acquisition to the
yaid, as, m consequence of the very limited wharf accom-
modations, we are almost constantly paying demunage on
vessels having cargoes to land and ship at this great depot
of stores. The number of vessels visiting the yard fortius
purpose is very Urge, while most of the wharf room is oc-
cupied by the vessels of the Navy under repairs or fitting
I tor ! ea ; consequently, these private vessels aie obliged to
vyalt th^ir tpm to unload, thereby causing great expense to
the Government, and delay in the delivery of stores.
This Ruggles wharf property will afford good landings,
and has long been much needed; the gwner is dead, and
the executor offers the property at my estimate of its .value.
It will be worth more to the United States than double the
cost at the price stated, for, in addition to the gain of ter-
ritory and wharf accommodation, the removal of the old
stores, which have long been a nuisance, will be effected.
The property embraced within the lines of the navy-yard
wall, United States street, Little street, and the river, does
not ail belong to the Ruggles estate? there are four lots
belonging to other parties, as seen on the sketch forwarded
with your letter to Congress, and it is very desirable that
the purchase should include these 4otjSr SQ that Government
property may bound on United States and Little streets.
The whole cost, as near as I can ascertain, witl be
$102,000. I would also request that the -uottintttt'ee report
$135,000 for the purchase of the water front near the navy-
yard at Boston, an appropriation for which was rejected
at the last session of Congress under the plea that Congress
would pass an act to authorize Government to seize any
property needed for public use. 1 am, however, unable to
find that any such act has been consummated.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH,
Chief of Bureau*
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not in accordance with any
provision of law. It is not for the continuation
of any work, not authorized by law, and there-
fore not in order. It is notan amendment for trhe
support of the Government, but simply for the
purchase of land.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Insert under the heading of "Boston navy-yard" the
following:
For completion of joiners' building, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following amend-
ment. I suppose that it will be ruled out of or-
der, but it is my duty to submit it.
For the purchase of the ground adjoining Brooklyn navy-
yard, $i02,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the same point of or-
der upon that amendment as I did on t\\e other.
The'CH/URMAN. The Chair sustains the
point or order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (Mr. Dawes
having taken the chair,) moved to amend by in-
serting after line two hundred and seventy-four
the following;:
That hereafter no appointment shall be made to the na-
val school except the appointments at large now authorized
to be made by the Piovident, unless it be upon the rocom-
mendatiQii of a member of the Uou*e of Representatives,
and from the distiict represented by such member; pro-
vided that if there shall be any vacancies in said naval
school from States or districts not having a representation
in Congress, such vacancies shall be equitably apportioned
by the Secretary of the Navy among the Repiesentattvos
in Congress from the States and distiicts which are repre-
sented.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I can have
the attention of the committee while I explain
this amendment, I apprehend there will be no ob-
jection to it by a single member.
Mr. KINNEY. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he has left out the Delegates
from the Territories.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wi|l yield
to an amendment of that kind.
By the law approved July 16,1862, it was pro-
vided as follows:
" And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy,
so soon after the 5th of March as possible, to notify in
writing each member and delegate of any vacancy which
may exist in his distiict, and if said member or delegate
neglects to recommend a candidate by the 1st of July iii
that year, it bhali be4 the duty of the Secretary of the Navy
to fill the vacancy."
I know I watch these things as closely as I can
when they are passed by the House. 1 certainly
did not understand the effect of this law; -and 1
do not believe a single member of the House,
except the one who drafted it, did understand it.
By looking at it one would suppose that it was
fair enough; and it would be, if construed differ-
ently. For instance, if thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] or the gentleman from
Iowa behind me [Mr. Wilson] had neglected,
when an appointment was due them, and after
being notified, to fill a vacancy, it would be proper
enough to say that the Secretary of the Navy
should have the power of filling such vacancy.
But, sir, the construction which i understand has
been given'to the law has operated m this way:
that every district in the rebellious States which
has not been represented by a member in Con-
