1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
507
gress has been construed as being a vacancy, and
the Secretary of the Navy entitled to fill all those
vacancies. That has taken from us the power
which the representatives of the people have
guarded, perhaps more strictly and more justly
than any other—the power of retaining these ap-
pointments in their hands.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the Secretary of the* Navy has
complied with another requisition of the act—that
is, that the appofntee shall come from the Con-
gressional district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That I can-
not answer.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not see how he could
comply with the law in that respect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know that
if the Secretary of the Navy has filled all these
vacancies, he has taken away that right which, as
I before stated, we have guarded more vigilantly
than anyother. Every part of the country should
be represented equally in the military and naval
schools. The amendment J have offered repeals
the existing law to the extent I have indicated;
and wh'jre there are vacancies from rebel districts,
the Sectetary of the Navy is obliged, under my
amendment, to apportion the midshipmen equita-
biyamon^ flu* members of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether it is true that the Secretary
of the Navy has filled, by appointment to the
Naval School, all the vacancies which have oc-
curred within the limits of the seceded States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i understand
that such is the ense.
Mr. HOLiMAN. As he is required under the
law to appoint from the vacant districts, I would
inquire whether he has appointed midshipmen re-
siding in those vacant districts?
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The pro-
. vision I have read does not require the Secretary
to fill the vacancy from the districts, and it is a
matter of the greatest complaint that the Secre-
tary of the Navy has gone into particular locali-
ties and made those appointments in large num-
bers. I understand that from one little town in
New Jersey no less than six appointments have
been appointed to the Naval Academy.
Mr. STEVENS. It is very clear that by the
law to which the gentleman from Illinois has re-
ferred we never contemplated filhngthe vacancies
from the rebel States, it is very clear that we
contemplated appointments from the States which
were represented here, and they were to be ap-
pointed by the members here; and by what au-
thority the Secretary of the Navy has gone out-
side of the States represented in this Hall, and filled
vacancies from other quarters,' I do not know.
Why, sir, if he weie to carry out that law ac-
coiding to his construction of it he must give
notice to Mr. Crawford of Georgia, to Mr. Mar-
shall of Kentucky, to Mr. Bocock of Virginia,
and other men down in the rebel States, who were
members here once, to come and fill the vacan-
cies from their districts; and then, under the old
law which required that the vacancies must be
filled from those districts, he must appoint from
those districts, and there would be representatives
at West Point and at Newport from every one of
the rebel States.
lam astonished that any Secretary could con-
strue the -law so as to suppose that he or anybody
else could be permitted to appoint midshipmen
from rebel districts. Before making theappoint-
ments he must first give notice. To whom ? To
the members from those districts; and as there is
no member from any one of them, how absurd it
would be for him to attempt to fill any oneofthose
vacancies. The law contemplates that the member
shall fill the vacancy, unless, after notice, the
mem'ber fails to do so. I do not precisely re-
member what the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois is, but L hope that some law will be
passed to remedy this evil. I would be willing
to increase the number of midshipmen, in so many
words, by one from each district, and give the
appointment to the member from that district;
but the idea that appointments are to be made from
rebel districts seems to me an absurdity. If the
o-entleman will move that each disti ict represented
fn Congress shall have two ur three or more ad-
ditional midshipmen, so as to negative the idea
that the rebel States are entitled to any, I will
vote for it.
Mr. MALLORY, Mr. Chairman, I am in-
clined to think that under the law which has been
read by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] the Secretin y of the Navy iias not been
guilty of so flagrant an outrage as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] would impute
to him. When a vacancy exists in the Naval
Academy from any congressional district m the
United States, according to that law it becomes
the duty of the Secretary to notify the Represent--
ative in Congress of that fact. Well, now, jf
there happens to be no Representative from one
of the congressional districts of the United States,
is it not impossible for the Secretary to execute
the duty thus imposed upon him? And if that be
so, the object of the law being to secure a pupil
in the Naval Academy from that district, is it not
evidently his duty, under the intention of the law,
to go on and make the appointment? It would
be impossible for him to give the notice from the
fact that there is no Representative from the dis-
trict.
Now, I contend that these States of which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania speaks are all in
the Union, that there are congressional districts
in those States, and that the people of those States
have the right, whenever they choose to do so,
to elect Representatives to this Congress,and the
men so elected, if the House believes, on their
application for seats, that they have been legally
olected, have the right to take their seats in this
House.
It is the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to
give notice to the member of Congress that there
is a vacancy from his district. Suppose there
were no Representative from the district of thegen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania, the Secretary could
give no notice; it would be impossible for him to
do so. Does the gentleman contend that he would
have no right m that case to go on and make the
appointment as though he had given the notice?
Believing, as I do, that these Statc.s are in the
Union, that these districts are congressional dis-
tricts and have a right at any time to send Rep-
resentatives here, I contend that the Secretary of
•the Navy, m the exercise of the power mentioned
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gen-
tleman trom Illinois, did not transcend thelawat
all. But, at the same time, I wish to see the
amendment of the gentleman from lllinoisnd opted,
because I think that this is a power which ought
not to be given to the Secretary of the Navy. I
want the power taken away from him and con-
ferred upon members of Congress, and these ap-
pointments distributed among them pro rata. I
therefore favor the amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman,
I su-rcly am not an advocate for any irregular
appointment to the Naval Academy or to the Mil-
itary Academy, or to any other Government insti-
tution, or for any transaction by any Department
of the Government without authority of law. If
I remember right, this subject is not now brought
into the House for the first time. It was brought
to the attention of the House a year or two ago,
and again last year. And according to my recol-
lection of the circumstances, they were something
like this: after certain States went into rebellion,
and after the cadets at the Naval Academy from
those States had retired from that institution, a
large number of vacancies were left to be filled.
There was no law governing or regulating the
appointments under such circumstances, and the
President of the United States took upon him-
self the authority of filling the vacancies in the
Naval Academy according to the rule which gov-
erns him m th'e appointment of cadets at large.
Gentlemen will see that when we were about com-
mencing a great war, the last thing that should
be left unattended to was the proper education of
officers for the naval service. And I understand
that the President did, at that time, fill up the
Academy with cadets to supply the places of those
who had retired from the institution. Gentlemen
will remember that Congress subsequently passed
an act legalizing the acts of the President done
under such circumstances.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend fiom Illinois to an act of Con-
fess approved May 2i, ISti-t. If i remember
corieetly, the following piuvision of that act ema-
nated from my friend horn Illinois:
" Fov expenses of ptolos.-ors, wiitrhmen, and others,
and contiiigcneie& l'or the United States Naval Academy,
$101,831 55: Provided, That,no money appropriated for the
support of the Naval Academy shall be applied the &«j>-
port of any iqui&hipouan hereafter appointed not in strict
conformance w|ih the provisions pf Jaw for appointing mid-
shipmen to the Naval Academy.*' '
No,w, if the gentleman from Illinois ,ha^. cog-"
nizance of any appointments arcade without .aur
thority of l,aWj or m nonconformity to the Iaw?
sipce May 21, l$6;i, then I say that the remarks
\Vjhich h,e',rnajies ^re quite pertinent. But other*
wis£ it seeifts to me that he must j^aye forgotten
the actiQn of Congress a year ago. '
Mr. CHA:NLER addressed the Chflir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. [in r^ply to
the gentleman fropa Massachusetts, {willsay'thai
itis a question of the construction of that^aw—
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from N$w
York has the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to suggest an amendment which
will not militate against the object of his amend-
ment? It is that, in case of redistricting congres-
sional districts under the law fixing the census of'
the United .States, no congressional district shall
be left without at least one vacancy in the Naval
and Military Academies of the United States, such
vacancy to be filled by the Representative in Con-
gress of that district. My reason for offering this
amendment is, that under the redistricting of con-
gressional districts throughout the Union there
have been many congressional districts left with-
out any vacancy in the Military Academy, and I
think in the Naval Academy also. I therefore
propose to offer this amendment in order to check
what was asserted by the heads of Departments
to be a difficulty which there was no law to pro-
vide against. 1 offer that as an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not see
how Congress can cure theevil to which the gen-
tleman refers. Each State is alike under the
law. Two midshipmen arc to be appointed from
each congressional district; but if there have been
changes made in these congressional districts, i£
is necessary for the Department, to assign and
apportion the appointments according to equity
and justice.
Mr. CH ANLER. I would remark to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that the difficulty arises from
the mixing of counties. The heads of Depart-
ments, in making these appointments from the
counties, have left districts without a representa-
tive in the Naval or Military Academy. And I
propose that, instead of redistricting by counties
as heretofore, it shall be done by the district itself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 do not see
how it is possible for the gentleman's amendment
to cure the evil which he suggests. These things
must be left to the Department. Under the law,
each member has a right to make an appointment
whenever there may be a vacancy; and when
these districts are reapportioned, it is, as I have
said, a matter for reassignment by the Navy De-
partment. I do not see how we can make any
law which will meet the exigenciesof every case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
the amendment, of the gentleman from Illinois
contains one phrase which I suggest to him the
propriety of changing. He uses, 1 believe, the
phrase " shall be apportioned among the Repre-
sentatives of districts," &c. My impression is
that there is some misapprehension of the mode
m which the members of the House of Represent-
atives have hitherto participated actually, but not
by law, in the designation of cadets. There is no
law on the statute-book giving any Representative
any authority to make any nomination except
the proviso of the last session; and any such law
has always been studiously avoided by previous
Congresses, because it would be a plain infraction
of the Constitution, which confers upon the Pres-
ident the power of appointment. The way in
which we came to have anything to do with the
appointmentof cadets, either to West Point or to
the Naval Academy, was this: in order to stop the
perpetual attacks upon those institutions, and as
a sort of sop to the Cerberi that were howling at
them, the Administration—1 do not know how
long ago, twenty years perhaps—made a rule for
their own guidance, that they would call upon the
nn-mher ot the district and invite frojn him a Mig-
ration or a recommendation of a person to be
appointed, which recommendation has, on the
President or the head of the Department, exactlv
tho same effect as, and no other effect than, a
