1663,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be in-
troduced as a question of privilege; but it cannot
be considered o n the same day if objection is made.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will consent to
allow the order to print the document to be re-
scinded I shall*be content.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not sufficiently under-
stand the question to do that. It appears to me,
from the reading of the resolution itself that it
is a very improper resolution, and I am not pre-
pared to vote upon it.
Mr. HALE. I do not want a vote upon it
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made, and it cannot be considered.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill for the relief of
Josiah 0. Armes. I think it will take but a mo-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to say one word upon a matter of privilege be-
fore that bill is taken up?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a matter of privi-
lege, not concerning myself, but concerning, as
1 now believe, a faithful public servant. About
the 16th or 17th of January, it will be remembered,
a bill or resolution was introduced by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] con-
cerning trade in the rebel States, and there was
considerable comment, made by myself among
others, touching Treasury agents; and I read an
extract from a letter received from an attorney at
New York, named Hale, which concerned and
involved Colonel Heaton, Treasury agent at New-
bern, North Carolina. I hold in my hand a let-
ter from that gentleman from which I desire to
read one paragraph, in order that it may go into
the Globe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire what
is before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is addressing the Chair on a ques-
tion of privilege.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know what
question of privilege.
ThePR.ESIDINGOFFICER. Hehasstatedit.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit to the Chair whether
it is entitled to consideration. I have stated it> L
think, clearly; and I have never heard of such an
interference as this before.
Mr. COWAN. I take it that is not a question
of privilege. I understood this Senate to refuse
to the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane]
the very same privilege at the last session that is
now claimed by the Senator from California; that
is, the privilege of defending some individual not
connected with the Senate in any way whatever.
Mr. CONNESS. I am connected with the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from California state the question of privi-
lege?
Mr. CONNESS. The question is this: I now
believe that I have misrepresented on this floor
(of course innocently) a faithful public servant.
I desire to do him justice, so that the report of
what I shall say may go into the Globe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator from California has a right to
make the explanation.
Mr. CONFESS. Now, I hope the Senators
who have objected are satisfied. I will read a
single paragraph from a letter of Colonel Heaton,
an agentof theTreasury Department atNewbern,
North Carolina. He says:
" The charges of this attorney of my being in collusion
with Mr. Dibble, and being a partner with him in his profits,
I brand as iulamously and unqualifiedly lalse. There is
no truih in the assertion. I have never been heretofore,
and am not now, a sharer of profits with Dibble or any
other man, in any manner whatever, directly or indirectly."
That is all that I shall trouble the Senate with.
I wish simply to say, in addition, that 1 believe
Colonel Heaton to be a faithful public servant
and a high-minded gentleman.
JOSIAH 0. ARMES.
Mr. CLARK. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to which
I called attention a moment ago. It is a House
bill, and I think it will take but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of Josiah
0. Armes, which requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Josiah 0. Armes the sum of
§9,500, in full for damages sustained by him in
consequence of the burning of his buildings and
the destruction of his property at Anandale, Fair-
fax county,Virginia, by the United States troops.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Secretary to read the
report of the committee. It is very short and will
give a statement of the claim as succinctly as I
can do it.
The Secretary read t^e following report:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was rcfeired bill II.
R. No. 161, entitled "An act for the relief of Josiah O.
Amies," with the accompanying petition and documents,
respectfully report:
At the breaking out of the present rebellion, Josiah 0.
Aimes, the claimant, was the owner and in possession of
a valuable house and out-bufldings at Anandale, Fairfax
county, Virginia. The house was a valuable one, and all
the testimony in the case tends to show it to have been
woith twelve or fourteen thousand dollars. It was built of
stone, three stories high, with a cupola on top, fourteen
feet high, with windows for lighting the stairway beneath.
The house was octagonal in foim, and about two hundred
feet in eucumfercnce. There were two verandas extend-
ing around it, well latticed, and suppoited by two tiers of
columns. The roof ol the house was covered with tin,
and the cornice was large and heavy. The house contained
thirty looms, some of which were laige, including seven
parlors. The building of the house was commenced in
1856 and completed m i860, and was intended ioraiemale
seminary. There were in the house twenty-eight windows,
and the rooms were vveli ventilated. The walls were four-
teen inches in thickness, and there were four firmly-built
brick chimneys. The foundation was good, and the wood-
work painted, outside and in.
The master-builder of the house testifies that-, fmm ins
knowledge, at the tune, it cost the said Amies-,«!()§000.
There were attached to it a servants' house, a granary,
bams, sheds, :md carriage-house. >
The last of November or the first of December, 1861, this
house and buildings were destioyed by outer of Colonel It.
J. Beige, of the sixty-eighth regiment New Yoilc volun-
teers.
Mr. Armes had been driven out from the house before its
destruction ; and the countiy about it seems to have been
a sort of debatable or skirmish gmund—sometimes held by
Union troops and sometimes by the rebels. Mr. Amies
was, and is, a thoroughly loyal citizen. In the commence-
ment of the war lie was of service to oui troops in giving
information of the movement and situation of the lebels ;
and General Heintzelman, in a letter submitted to the com-
mittee, acknowledges the valuable aid lie afforded.
Ator about the time the piopertv was destioyed by order
of Colonel lielge, the building's seem to have been used by
the rebel troops both as an observatory of the movements
of the Union troops and as a stronghold from which they
fired upon our men as occasion offered. To prevent its be-
ing longer so used Colonel Beige oidered it, as a military
necessity, to be destroyed. General lieintzelrnan, in a let-
ter dated January 18, 1862, says he heard of the matter at
the tune that the buildings were burned by our uoops, and
it was a military necessity. He also adds, that "the
mother'' (meaning Mrs. Armes, the wife of the claimant,
and mother of a young man then in our Army) " caine in
one dark night last summer to give us imormution at the
rifle ot her hie."
The committee have not been able to obtain the evidence
of Colonel lielge, who ordered the property to be destroyed,
for the reason that he has left the service, and his place of
residence ha* not been as-ceitatned. There is, however,
the testimony of several persons, officers in and members
of his regiment, who say that they heard Colonel Beige give
the order tor the destruction of the property at the time it
was bin ned.
The House of Representatives havereportedabillforthe
relief of Mr. Armes, to the amount of §9,500, and the com-
mittee are satisfied that the pioperty was of that value, and
more; that it was destroyed by the Union troops asa mili-
tary necessity, undei older ot their commander; they there-
fore recommend the passage of the House bill.
Mr. Armes is an aged man; he is utterly impoverished
by the destruction of this property; he is patriptic, having
had a son in the Union Army, and having exerted himself
to aid the Union cause in various ways. Iiis family was
driven trom their home, and the wife who risked her life
to bring information to our tioops in the darkness of the
night is since dead. The case appeals strongly to our sym-
pathies, but equally and more so to our sense of justice.
Mr. CLARK. As there was considerable noise
in the Chamber,and perhaps all Senators did not
listen to the reading of this report, I will ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a few moments to
state the merits of the claim as it appeared to the
committee.
This bill was passed at the last session by
House of Representatives, appropriating to this
Mr. Armes $9,500 for the destruction of his house.
The Committee on Claims of the Senate examined
the claim to some extent at the last session, but
were not entirely satisfied as to two points: first,
the value of the house; and second, the order for
its destruction by the officer in command of our
forces. It lay over until this session, when the
committee again took up the claim and examined
it; and further proof was produced showing that
the house was of more value, and by witnesses
entirely competent in the judgment of the com-
mittee, and so competent and so conclusive as to
bring the committee to a unanimous1 conclusion
in regard to it that the house was of more value
than stated in that report. The committee, how-
over, did not increase the amount appropriated
by the House bill.
As to the other point: from evidence from the
War Department, from evidence from 'General
Heintzelman, from evidence of persona who
heard the order given—it was a verbal order—the
committee had no doubt in coming to the con-
clusion that the house was destroyed as a friili-
tary necessity by our troops. It had been used
as a look-out, ana a sort of stone fortification. It
was a stone house, into which the rebels some*
times got, and fired upon our men. It became
necessary to destroy it, and it was destroyed.
In regard to this claimant there is no doubt at
all of his (I might say) almost undying loyalty;
his devoted loyalty to the Government. At the
breaking out of the rebellion,and while he main-
tained himself at this place, he was constantly
employed in conveying information to our armies,
and his services are recognized in a letter, in hia
own hand writing,of General Heintzelman. When
it became necessary on one occasion that our
troops should have some information that was in
his possession, his wife left her house at mid-
night and went and conveyed the information to
our troops. She has since died. He has a son
in the Union army now before the fortifications
at Richmond and Petersburg who has behaved
so gallantly that the attention of the War De-
partment has been called to his distinguished ser-
vices. This man is aged; he is utterly impover-
ished; his whole property has been burned down
by the action of the Government, voluntarily and
with dear information as to what they were do-
ing; and it seems nothing more than fair, in the
opinion of the committee, that this claim should
be paid. do not desire to take up the time of
the Senate; but I think these facts are undis-
puted, and the merit of the claim is equally so.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire, to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Claims in what
th is claim is different from a thousand other claims
that may be presented within ten miles of Wash-
ington for property destroyed during the prose-
cution of this war against the rebels.
Mr. CLARK. It is impossible for me to tell
how it differs from claims that I have not ex-
amined. I have examined this claim, and upon
the merits of this claim alone I desire to base the
action of the Senate. There may be other claims
equally meritorious. If they are so, when they
come before the Senate I shall be ready to give
my vote for them. I desire to actupon this claim
as a claim by itself. It may involve others, but
the fact that it may involve others, if this is just,
is no reason why we should not pay it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask another ques-
tion: whether Congress has, up to this time,
made appropriations to pay damages forproperty
destroyed by the Army within the rebel districts.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator means to inquire
as to this war, I do not know that they have; I
do not understand that they have; but if he means
to inquire as to the past action of the Government,
they have repeatedly done it. The books are full
of cases of payments for property destroyed
within the enemy lines; I might say within the
territory that was occupied by ihe enemy after-
ward, and about the same time perhaps; and
that is as far as I should go.
Mr. FOSTER. The Government pays for
property where the destruction is caused by order
of on/commanding officer—not where it is de-
stroyed by the ravages of war generally. In that
!se, people must take the consequences; but if
& citizen's property is so situated that it may be
made use of by the enemy,and it is destroyed by .
an order of our commanding officer, the Govern-
ment should pay for it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that is probably true
as a question of law within the loyal districts;
but I am not sure but that the decisions of the
Supreme Court on kindred subjects would estab-
lish the principle that the property of loyal men
destroyed within rebel districts, where it was
subject to the control of the rebel authorities,
does not involve any liability of the belligerent
party who destroys it. My objection is not, how-
ever, to the merits of this particular claim. We
have up to this time, I think, made no approprio-
