508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
recommendation as to the appointment of any
other officer whose appointment is intrusted to,
the President. It can hare no more effect than
that.
Now, the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois goes, I think, beyond what is necessary to
accomplish a very proper purpose, by using that
phrase " apportioned among the Representatives."
if he will use the words, " apportioned among the
congressional districts,"he will have it exactly as
the law now requires itto be, and will remedy the
evils which he Wishes to remedy. If the gentle-
man will riot accept this suggestion and modify
the phraseology of his amendment, I shall move
toamenid by striking out the words "Representa-
tives of districts," and inserting " congressional
districts."
Mr.KASSON. I wish to call the attention of
the mover of the amendment to what will proba-
bly be'a practical difficulty in the administration
of the law under that amendment. The gentle-
man proposes that these appointments shall be
equitably apportioned among the different con-
gressional districts or Representatives, which,
practically, will be one and the same thing. There
are more congressional districts within the limits
of the States represented here than in those which
have no Representatives upon this floor. It is
necessary, it seems to me, that there should be
given in the amendment some indication of the
preference in those cases to be given to different
districts; and I call the gentleman's attention to
the propriety of a furtheramendrnent which shall
specify that that preference is to be given to dis-
tricts that have heretofore received the fewest ap-
pointments to the Academy. I shall therefore now,
if it be admissible, and, if not, at the proper time,
propose to add this proviso:
JProvided, That in such equitable apportionment he shall
give the preference to districts which have heretofore re-
ceived the fewest appointments to the Naval School.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Secre-
tary of the Navy can do that under the provisions
Of my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois accept the modification proposed by the
gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to hear it again.
The Clerk read the proviso proposed by Mr.
Kasson.
Mr. CRESWELL. Is it proposed by that
amendment to give the appointments to the new
States to the exclusion of the old States?
Mr.KASSON. The effectof that proposition
will be that, if there are one or two appointments
to' be made on account of the unrepresented dis-
tricts, the Secretary of the Navy or the Presi-
dent, as the case may be, will first take the nom-
inations from those districts that have heretofore
had the fewest appointments. I insist that, in
the nominations to be made on account of the un-
represented districts, the benefit of the apportion-
ment should first be given to those districts that
have had the fewest appointments heretofore.
Mr. CRESWELL. Then I am right, and the
gentleman's design is to give to the new States
to the exclusion of the old ones.
Mr. KASSON. Not exactly to the exclusion
of the old districts. If the old district is repre-
sented and the new district is not, then I say that
the exclusion shall apply to the old district.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman from
Iowa mean to say that where the President of the
United States lias appointed half a dozen young
men from a district, they shall be counted in the
apportionment of that district?
Mr. KASSON". 1 think that the gentleman
will see that that precise difficulty is avoided by
the adoption of tins amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, Then they are all alike, for
the law provides that each district shall have two.
Under that there can be no inequality.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman will see that
this amendmentonly applies to the representation
of rebellious States; there are not as many of
them as there are loyal districts; and when we
say that the President or Secretary shall appor-
tion them equitably we leave a portion of the dis-
tricts which will not receive one.' The question
therefore is, what districts shall be preferred?
Mr. STEVENS. There can be no difference
between the districts, for the law says' that each
shall have the same number. Therefore that por-
tion of the gentleman's amendment cannot mean
anything unless that where the President shall
select half a dozen from one district they shall be
counted to that district.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from Iowa
allow me?
Mr. KASSON. As soon as I have answered
the objection of the gentleman's colleague. If six
be appointed from any one district, I propose in the
equitable apportionment, under my amendment,
that the district which has had six shall be passed
until the others, who have had none, shall be sat-
isfied. That is the effeGt of my amendment.
Mr. THAYER. 1 ask thegentleman whether
in his opinion there is any equity in allowing
States which have been recently admitted into the
Union to go back and make up the number of ap-
pointments which the old States have had before
the new States were formed? In order to make
myself a little more clear: for instance, Massa-
chusetts and New'York have appointed to the
Naval Academy some fifty or sixty cadets, while
the State of Nevada, which has just been admit-
ted, has not had one appointment. Now, shall
Nevada appoint fifty or sixty cadets before New
York or Massachusetts shall be allowed to ap-
point any more cadets? That is the effect of the
amendment. It is to allow the new States for the
time that they had no existence.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa is not in order at this time.
Mr. KASSON. Let me answer the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. In making these appoint-
ments several have been made from a single dis-
trict.
Mr. GANSON. What district?
Mr. KASSON. Excuse me; the gentlemen
about me seem to be familiar with it.
Mr_ PIKE. Six were appointed upon the rec-
ommendation of a single gentleman from Iowa.
A Member. Senator Grimes.
Mr. KASSON. I do not propose to call any
gentleman's conduct in question. If he can get
that number, so much the better for him; but Jet
us take care for the future that no.such inequi-
table apportionment shall take place.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
ask my colleague to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. At the time these appointments
were made to which my colleague directly re-
ferred, the State of Iowa was divided into two dis-
tricts, and represented by only two members. It
may have been after the redisricting the State
into six districts. Now I do not propose to have
those appointments charged to me, or to the dis-
trict I have the honor to represent. The Secre-
tary of the Navy telegraphed to one of the Senators
from Iowa, requesting him to forward the names
of six boys for a class then about to be formed
in the Naval School. In response to this the names
were forwarded and the appointments made. It
does not appear that they were all located in one
district in the State. Two or three were from the
district I now represent, and a like number from
the second district. I presume that the object of
my colleague is to declare that the Representatives
of the first and second districts of Iowa shall not
be entitled to appoint any more until the other
districts shall have the same number, thus brought
about by the Secretary of the Navy. 1 only state
these facts that it may not be supposed that
through the recommendation of myself, or Mr.
Vandever, my colleague then, these appointments
were made.
Mr. KASSON. The point of my amendment
does not apply to the district of Iowa any more than
it does to any other district. It was offered irre-
spective of the apportionment of Iowa, and I have
no objection to modifying it so that it shall read
" on the recommendation of the Representative."
My object is to specify an equitable rule which
shall govern these apportionments irrespective of
locality. And I say to the gentleman fiom New
York who proposed the amendment, when it was
found in the reapportionment of Iowa that the
actual Representatives from the districts of that
State was not from one of the new districts under
that new apportionment, the Secretary of the Navy
immediately allowed a Representative to such new
district; and hence his amendment is unnecessary,
unless the rule has been changed. I have often
thought that in these reapportionments we should
give the preference in the appointments to those
districts which have not had an equal represent-
ation in the Naval Academy. If gentlemen do
not agree to that, what would they think of the
converse proposition, that these appointments,
there not being enough to satisfy all the districts,
should be made from the district which have here-
tofore had the most? Would gentlemen think
that just? , If not, let them take the other rule,
and say that the preference shall be given to those
districts that heretofore have Bad the fewest ap-
pointments.
Mr. GANSON. I would inquire if the effect
of the amendment would not be to exclude the
districts of the old States until the new States had
had an equal number.
Mr. KASSON. The effect probably would
be, so far as the remaining thirty or forty are
concerned, to give preference to the newer States
over the older ones.
As I said before, I am willing to modify my
proposition, if that will suit gentlemen any bet-
ter, by saying, " from districts not heretofore
represented, upon the nomination of the member
of the districts."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinos. What is the
question now before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is upon the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Iowa to
the amendment.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. Mr. Chairman, I will send
to the desk an amendment to be read; and will
ask the gentleman from Iowa to accept it as a sub-
stitute for his amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That each congressional district of the loyal
States shall be entitled to three midshipmen in the Naval
Academy, instead of two, as now provided by law.
Mr. KASSON. I cannot accept that.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
be voted down, and then 1 will offer a substitute..
It seems to me we ought to legislate with some
consistency. We have this morning passed a
joint resolution, reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, declaring that the rebel States shall
not be represented in the electoral college. Now
by what principle is it that they are to be repre-
sented in the Military and Naval Academies ? By
what principle is it that any district in a rebel
State is to be entitled to send a cadet either to
West Point, or to the Naval Academy until they
a°ain are loyal States, and represented in this
House?
But the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] and all the amendments go upon
the ground that they are entitled to representa-
tion, and if they do not avail themselves of that
light, then the appointments shall be distributed
among the other States.
Mr. KASSON. My amendment is proposed
in consequence of the amendments which propose
to give the representation to members of Congress
instead of the Secretary of the Navy or the Presi-
dent, as the case may be. If the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
goes to the exclusion of all that class of appoint-
ments, that will be another proposition, and I
have not expressed myself upon that at all.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me we had better
vote down both propositions, and I will propose
that, in addition to those now allowed by law,
one midshipman shall be appointed for each con-
gressional district, to be appointed on the nomi-
nation of the memberof Congress from such dis-
trict; and that no midshipman shall be appointed
for any district not represented in Congress.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now offer the following
amendment: (
One midshipman, in addition to those now allowed by
law, shall be appointed for each congressional district and
Territoiy, to be appointed on the nomination of tile present
members ot' Congress and delegate from said districts and
Territories respectively; but no midshipman shall be ap-
pointed for any district not represented in Congress.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he
intends by his amendment to increase the number
of midshipmen in the Naval Academy fifty per
cent.
Mr. STEVENS. Just exactly that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
as a substitute for mine.
