1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tion to pay any claim fo,r property destroyed durr
ing the continuance of this war within the limits of
the rebel districts, and 1 am not certain that we
have paid any claim within the loyal districts.
There has doubtless been hundreds of millions of
property destioyed within the rebel districts dur-
ing the last four years. Is it prudent for Congress
at this time to set a precedent to commence the
payment of this class of claims ? Our Army has
not been paitT for nearly six months last past.
If the revenue laws that are now enforced and
those that are in contemplation should enable
the Government to realize all the funds contem-
plated by the Committee on Finance, I suppose
we shall not receive through the medium of tax-
ation more than one half of the amount neces-
sary to prosecute this war during the coming
year. The Secretary of the Treasury will be
compelled to go into the market with the credit
of the Government for the purpose of raising
$300,000,000 or $400,000,000 to defray the ex-
panses of the Government during the coming fis-
cal year. Is it prudent for Congress, in the face
of these facts, to commence the payment of a class
of claims that will involve in the end, if this pre-
cedent shall be followed, hundreds of millions
more? I would prefer to make a donation to this
man for his patriotic services rendered to the
Army, if he lias rendered such services, as I think
is pioi>able from the reading of the report, than
to say we will pay him $9,000 or $1,000 or $1 as
remuneration for property destroyed.
I move that this bill, and all prior orders, be
postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned. i hope Senators will bear in mind that
this bill has been passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and if itgoes over now it will hardly
be acted upon at the presentscssioii. 1 beg Sen-
ators to bear in mind also how i am engaged with
the Committee on Finance and the business of
the Senate. Forthe past week, Imaysay, Ihave
been obliged to sit upon the Committee on Fi-
nance in the hours (3f the session of the Senate,
by their permission; and 1 feel, as there are ap-
propriation biils yetto be brought before the Sen-
ate, that this is the only opportunity that will be
allowed me to take charge of this bill. 1 shall
feel if it is postponed now that it goes by for the
session; and I a.sk the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion, that we may determine the fate of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that this bill will be
postponed. I do not look upon it as a question
of law or as a question as to the custom of the
Government heretofore in paying this class of
claims. I think it has always been done. But
we are told now that $1 ,000,000,000 of claims of
this charactcr are looking us in the face; and it
then becomes a question of policy whether we
had not better, for the purpose of preserving that
which wc have, to refuse payment of these claims
nt the present time, and not jeopard the whole by
attempting fo do justice to a part. This is the
entering wedge; and if we pay forthe destruction
of this property, we cannot refuse to pay other
claims equally meritorious. There have been no
payments made I think, as yet, even for the de-
struction ofproperty within the loyal States under
militaiy orders.
Mr. CLARK. ' I will say in answer to that that
this claimant, Mr. Armes, is a very aged man;
and since this house has been destroyed be has
been without a homo and been obliged to subsist
upon the charity of his friends. If you postpone
his case in order that you may act upon others,
he perhaps will die from starvation or neglect.
He appeals strongly to the charity-—no, sir, not
to the charity, but to the justice of the Senate,
that a man who has been made houseless in the
service of the country shall not be turned outand
delayed that we may act upon a thousand others
beside.
Mr. BROWN". I will inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Claims whether he did not
a few days ago bring to the attention of the Sen-
ate claims which, were presumed to be meritorious
for damages sustained by loyal citizens in loyal
States, and ask the decision of the Senate as to
whether it was advisable fo take up such cases nnd
juss upon such claims at this time, and whether
the decision of the Senate was not adverse to thai
consideration ?
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state to him exactly how that was; and in-
stead of being adverse, the decision of the Senate
was in favor of it. 1 brought before the Senate
the case of Cobb & Company, of Indiana; and
for the purpose of ascertaining what was the opin-
ion of the Senate on that question, we divided the
claim into two parts: thatpart of the claim which
embraced goods which the Government had con-
tracted for, and that part of the claim which re-'
ferred particularly to military damage. The
committee proposed to strike out of the bill that
part which referred to military damage, and the
Senate refused to concur and would not adopt the
amendment, thus keeping the claim for military
damage in the bill. The bill has not been finally
acted upon, and is still before the Senate, and no
further judgment has been passed upon it; but the
Senate did say they would not except the military
damage from the rest of the case; and so far as
the action of the Senate went, it was m favor of
allowing for the military damage.
Mr. BROWN. I did not so understand the
decision of the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. I have but a remark to make.
I do not think the passage of this bill can estab-
lish a precedent by which the large amount of
money referred to by the Senator from iowaand
the Senator from Pennsylvania will be drawn
from the Treasury. It will be remembered that
this is not an ordinary case of damage resulting
from the occupation of a country by the Army.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me,
as we are taking up the time of the Senate with
this Glaiitt, I suggest to him, unless it is very
necessary that he should debate it, to allow it to
come to a vote.
Mr. CARLILE. I have no objection, and did
not intend to discuss it further except to corrob-
orate the statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims that if this bill is postponed, I
am satisfied the party whom it is designed to ben-
efit, and who has this just claim on tins Govern-
ment, will not live to another Congress to receive
justice.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say one word. I will vote for no spe-
cific claim for damages until the loyal citizens of
my State are provided for. We attempted at the
last session to get a bill through for the purpose
of adjudicating claims of this sort, but we could
not succeed in doing it. I will pay the claim of
no man until a general bill is passed. Why, sir,
there are numbers of loyal men in Missouri who
have had property destroyed and quartermasters'
stores owing to the evacuation of certain towns
in that State, but we can get no damages. Indi-
viduals have had their houses burned because
they were in the way of the defense of a town.
Numerous instances of that sort occurred in the
town of Lexington, the town of Glasgow, and
many other places. Such instances occurred last
fall; and yet we can get no damages. We can-
not get one dollar from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States to pay the troops that were called out
in the State of Missouri, and we were compelled
to pay them ourselves. I will vote for no bill of
this character.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
postpone all prior orders and take up the Indian
appropriation bill, upon which theyeasand nays
have been ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. Let us have until twelve o'clock
to dispose of the morning business. I have a
little bill that I have been trying togetup for some
time. I hope the appropriation bill will be al-
lowed to lie over for the present.
Several Senators. Vote! vote!
Mr. WILSON. I am ready to come to a vote
if a-vote is to be had; but we have reports to
make and business concerning the nation to trans-
act, and I want time to do it, and I do not think
the time should be taken up with this private
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it in order to move to
amend the motion of the Senator from Iowa so as
to postpone this bill and take up the post route
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to be the pleasure
of Senators here to proceed with the morning |
business; and therefore, with the consent of the j
Senate, I will withdraw my motion to postpone,
and now move to lay this subject on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the motion to postpone may be withdrawn,
the yeas and nays having been ordered upon it.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr.,CLARK. On the last motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Drown, Chandler, Cowan, Doolittle,
Hale, Harlan, Iiendprsmi, Howard, Morgan, Nesmith,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, YVilson, and
Wright—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cariile, Clark,
Connes*, Davis, Dixon, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Harris,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, MeDoug.iil,
Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Sprague,
Stewuir, Van Winkle, Wade, and Willey—27.
ABSENT —Messrs. Collamer, Grimes Harding, Lane
of Kansas, Itiehardson, Saul&buiy, and Wilkinson—7.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill upon the
table,
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. Itis to strike outallafter the word
" that," where it first occurs, and to insert the
following;
For special service rendered to the United States by
Jot-iah O. Armes, there be paid to him, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
§9,500.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. It appropriates the same sum
for a different reason; and we may as well stand
upon the truth and the fact that we destroyed
this man's property, and ought to pay him for
it. He did render service to the Government;
but the claim is based upon the property which
our officers ordered to be destroyed. We have
paid for property taken in districts which have
been in rebellion time and again.
Mr.DOOLlTTLE. Ivoted to lay this bill on
the table, for 1 feel a very decided apprehension
that if we enter upon the policy of paying for
property destroyed in the course of this war, even
if destroyed by the express order of our com-
manders, we shall involve ourselves in the great-
est difficulty, in the first place, I do not think
that Congress is a competent tribunal to hear the
evidence in these cases and to pass upon these
claims; and if Congress should undertake to enter
upon them, and they should be in session every
day for the three hundred and sixty-five days in
the year, they could not perform the physical
labor that would be necessary to examine all the
claims that would-be presented, and decide them
justly.
But, sir, there is this other question which
presses upon me. Even if this claim is a just
claim against the Government of the United States,
to be assumed and paid, another question arises,
the question of our ability to pay in our existing
circumstances.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, with the utmost kindness, to allow us to
vote? I desire that we may pass upon this claim,
but I do not wisk to take up time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I never speak against
time, but! must say that I have serious apprehen-
sions of the result that will follow from the pas-
sage of this bill. I will conclude all that I have to
say, and all I desire to say upon it, by saying that
I look upon war, like pestilence, and famine, and
earthquake, and the lightning, that destroy men
and destroy their property, as the act of God; it
is not within the control of man himself, and the
Government cannot be responsible for all the
damages which will result from these great ca-
lamities that come upon a people.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this bill will not
pass the Senate. If it does I shall look upon it
as one of the most dangerous precedents that was
ever set by the Senate of the United States. We
are to-day throwing our bonds upon the market
by hundreds and almost thousands of millions of
dollars. A doubt has been raised, not only in
the moneyed circle? of this country, but through-
out the world, whether this nation will ever pay
its liabilities. Let that doubt once be settled and
you will see gold fail from 200 to 110 in ten days.
Let the moneyed centers of Europe become satis-
fied that our bonds are good, and you will see a
hundied millions of gold coming with the speed
of steam and the wind across the Atlantic to be
invested in the best paying security on earth.
But if you pass this bill, if you set this precedent,
