1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if you say to every rebel and every loyal man
and every man throughout the South by the pas-
sage of this bill, that you intend to payforevery
dollar of property that has been destroyed by
order of our generals, you will give a more fatal
blow to the credit of your Government than by
any other act that you can perform in this body
during this session. 1 should look upon the pas-
sage of this bill as a national calamity, and one
which we cannot afford at this time to bring upon
our heads. It will do more to shake the faith of
your own citizens and of the moneyed centers of
the world in the credit of your securities than any
other act you could perform.
I hope, therefore, that this bill will not pass. I
hope that no such dangerous precedent will be
set. If it is deemed best by the Senate to make
a gratuity to thisindividual for patriotic services,
in God's name Jet it be made; but set no such
dangerous precedent as this, which will stare us
in the face for one hundred years to come. We
will not hear the last of this precedent during the
life of any member of this body. It will stare
us in the face, fend not only us but our children
and our children's children, day after day, week
after week, month after month, and year after
year. Others believe that we are in justice and
in law bound to pay for the destruction of any
property within the enemy's lines. If wedopay
it let it be done as a gratuity, and not as a just
claim against the Government, until the question
has been settled whether it be or be not a claim
against the Government. I hope the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio will be
adopted, and then that the bill will be defeated
even after that. I call for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to set a precedent,
such as the Senator from Michigan thinks ought
not to obtain here. There can be no doubt but
that the claim presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Claims is a just and equitable
claim against this Government. I want no prece-
dent set here of the Government repudiating or
failing to pay an honest and just claim. There
is no principle better settled than that property of
■ a loyal citizen destroyed by our Army should be
paid for. This case is clearly made out, and it
is proven that the claimant is a loyal man and has
rendered efficient service to the Union cause, and
that this property was destroyed by one,of our
commanders m the field. There is no principle
of law better settled than that cases of that class,
where Government officers destroy property as
a military necessity, are paid by the Govern-
ment.
I cannot concur with my friend from Missouri
who said a moment ago that he would vote for no
private claim until justice was done to the loyal
men in Missouri. I well remember the zeal and
ability with which that Senator cooperated with
us here to have a law passed for the purpose of
Eroviding for the payment of such claims in«the
order States. I drew up at very great labor a
bill which I thought covered the whole case.
Mr. HENDERSON. I supported it.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Missouri
says he supported it. That is true; and I sup-
ported propositions brought forward by him. I
sent that bill to the Committee on the Judiciary
and they reported against the whole of it except
two sections giving us some little relief, and it
was passed in that shape. I very much regrStted
then that we could not get a general law. But,
sir, I cannot vote against an honest and just and
lawful claim when it is presented here because
Congress, in my judgment, is derelict to its duty,
or fails to perforin its duty in passing a general
law. I will vote for this case; and [ think the
precedent that would be set by the Government
failing to pay a justdebt properly made out would
be much more detrimental and injurious to the
credit of the Government than its payment.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio by strik-
ing out " $9,500" and inserting "§1,000."
Mr. TRUMIjULL. I have steadily voted
against all these claims which have been pre-
sented; and i have done so often, I confess, with
very great regret. My sympathies are with this
individual. I have heard something of his case.
I think it is a very hard one. But it has seemed
to me that while the war was pending it was im-
proper to take up the cases of individual citizens
in the rebel districts, and pay for their property
which has been lost or destroyed by the casual-
ties of the war; that we must first subdue the
rebellion; ascertain whether we are to hold this
country; whether this Union is to be restored.
We are in a struggle now with an enemy seeking
to overthrow the Government and dismember the
Union. The strife is not yet over. Hundreds
of thousands of fcur men are in 'be field. They
have been unpaid for months. We are struggling
in every way to raise the means to pay the sol-
diers who are fighting our battles and to deter-
mine the question whether our Government is to
be preserved. While this struggle is upon us,
while these patriotic soldiers are suffering for their
pay, while their families are suffering, we propose
to go into an investigation of the damage that has
been done to persons in these rebel districts,and
to commence that investigation by a committee
of our own body! A Committee on Claims of
the Congress of the United States is sitting down
to investigate the thousands and hundreds of
thousands of claims that may be presented here
from all the States whither our armies have
marched!
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will allow me to
say that the Committee on Claims consider noth-
ing except what the Senate order them to con-
sider.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that in one
sense that is true; but the right of petition ex-
tends to every person; and the only order the
Senate ever makes for the Committee on Claims
to consider these matters is this: when a petition
comes in here it is presented, and as a matter of
course, without any vote of the Senate, either for
or against it, it is referred to the Committee on
Claims, and it becomes their duty, in pursuance
of the order of the Senate referring it, to ex-
amine it.
Mr. CLARK. This was a bill from the other
House, referred to us for the very purpose of con-
sidering it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; it makes no
difference in which House itis presented. It came
there under the form of a petition, 1 presume.
These claims usually come in the form of peti-
tions. I care not in which House it was pre-
sented, nor is it material at all to the just disposi-
tion of the question now pending before us. It
seems to me we must first subdue the rebellion
before attempting to consider these cases. That
we will hereafter'have to pay in some particular
cases, I doubt not; but, sir, when the time does
come that we have to investigate the claims of
these loyal persons in the rebel districts who have
suffered in consequence of the acts of our own
armies, we must have some better tribunal to
make thatexamination than a committee of Con-
gress with the hurry, that we all know is upon
them; we must have some tribunal that counter
testimony can be taken.
ThePRESIDlNGOFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The hour of twelve o'clock having arrived, it be-
comes the duty of the Chair to call for the special
order, the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CLARK. With the permission of the
Senate, I will not attempt to antagonize this claim
with public business; but I hope before the ses-
sion closes the Senate will give me an opportu-
nity of taking it up and passing it.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. I move to pass over tempo-
rarily the order of the day that comes up at this
hour with a view to take up the House joint res-
olution defining the meaning of the law in regard
to officers'servants. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to it, upon which I think we can act in a
verv short time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall proceed
with the tax bill, which I suppose can be passed
in that very short time.
Mr. WILSON. I have no idea that we can
pass the tax bill in ashort time this morning.^ I
sat here last night until one o'clock endeavoring
to dispose of it. I think wp can pass the joint res-
olution which I desire to take up in twenty min-
utes. „ , „
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts move to postpone the
soecial order, or to pass it over informally ?
' Mr. SHERMAN. X call for the regular order
of business unless it is postponed by vote of the.
Senate. The easiest and quickest way to get along'
is to dispose of that. ,
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this resolution
taken up with a view of offering an amendment
to it which contains some provisions that are im-
portant to be acted upon in the House of Repre-
sentatives, in regard to clothing our soldiers and
other matters. I think it can be acted upon in
twenty minutes; and if the Senator will allow the
tax bill to be passed over informally for twenty
or twenty-five minutes and this resolution cannot
be disposed of in that time, I will let it go over.'
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] has a bill just as im<-
portant which he wishes to take up. I think we
shall expedite business by getting on regularly.
I think we can pass the tax bill in a very short
tiine.
• Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make a single
remark to the honorable SenatorfromNew Hamp-
shire. He said a few moments ago that he thought
the public business should be considered in pref-
erence to private bills. I think so too; but after
I had stated that 1 desired to take up the post road
bill, which is a matter of public business, he got
a regular vote of this Senate to prefer a private
claim. That is all 1 have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 744) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes,"approved June 30,1864, is now
before the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. With the leave of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance, 1 desire
to call up the report of the committee ofconferenee
upon the Army appropriation bill, in order that it
may be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a matter of privilege.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
report:
The committee of eon Terence on the disagreeing vote? of
the two Houses on the amendments to tile bill (11. It. No.
683) making appropriations for the support of the Army
fertile year ending iiOLli ol June, 1866, having met, after full
and free conlercnee have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their lespective Ileuses as lollows :
That the Senate recede from their lourtli amendment.
That the [louse of Representatives lecede fiorn their
disagreement to the second and third amendments of the
Senate. ,
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to tlie sixth amendment of the
Seriate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from tUlpir disagreement to the
first amendmentof the Senate, and agree to tiie same with
amendments as follows: in line three of said amendment
strike out the words "any railroad15 and insert in lieu
thereot The words "the Illinois Central railroad;" and
stiike out ail of said amendment after the woid " States"
m line five; and that the Senate agree to the same as so
modified.
EDGAR COWAN,
IliijNKY WILSON,
Managers on the prnt of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
13. B. WASNISURNK,
Managers on the part of the House, /
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I feel it V/
my duty to object to the adoption of this report
of the committee of conference; not that I desire
to defeat the Army appropriation bill, nor do I
suppose that that will be the result if we should
refuse to agree to this report. Another commit-
tee would be appointed, and I trust would arrive
at a just conclusion. If 1 can get the attention
of the Senate for a very few minutes I think I
can satisfy them 'that this is one of the most
unjust propositions ever submitted to the Ameri-
can Senate; and that, if it should be adopted, the
effect would be to discredit the public securities
more than any act ever passed by Congress.
It will be remembered by the Senate that a few
days ago a discussion took place upon a propo-
sition which.came to us in connection with the
Army bill, that no part of the money appropri-
ated by the bill should be used for the payment
of the transportation of the property or troops
of the United States. That pioviso read in this
way:
Provided, That nAnoney appropriated by this act shall
he used fui tlie purpose ol paying any l.uiioad company
for tiie tiftnsporl.iliun of piopeily 01 tioops of lite United
Stau'si, when1 Mich company may have accepted a giant
of* land fiom Congrus* upon condition of f'urni-hing ;.ud
iranspoi tatton fiee ot toll o  other chaige, «xc<*pt in buch
cases ad have beon modified by act of Congress.
In the discusaion of that proposition it was a
matter of some disagreement in the Senate as to
