>10
Till 00WGKBSSIQ.NAL GLOBE.
January 31,
; Ttie SPEAKER. The resolution will be- re-
ported At length, after which the Chair will ask
for objections, if any.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as follows:
Be is resolved, 4"c., That the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary be, and they are hereby, directed to enter into a con-
tract with William H.Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint
qt picture for the United States, to be placed at the head of
One of the graud staircases in the Capitol, illustrative of
gome naval victory, the particular^ subject of the painting
to be agreed on by the committee and the artist: Provided,
That the entire expense of said picture s hal! not , exceed
02^000,$ and $2,000 shall be paid to said William H. Pow-
ell in advance, to enable lum to prepare for the work, the
remainder of said suip in installments at intervals of not
less than one year, the last installment to be retained until
ihe picture is completed and put up.
Mr,> PRU YN. I suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio to modify his resolution by striking out
" directed" and inserting " authorized."
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that.
I modifyrthe resolution in that way.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the joint resolution?
Several Members objected.
Mr. SCHENCXt. I'move tosuspend the rules
in order to introduce the joint resolution.
The question being taken on the motion, there
were, on a division—ayes thirty-two, noes not
counted.
Mr, SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Schenck
and Ancona were appointed.
The House divide^, and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and (atten minutes
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
* . IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 31, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
UNEMPLOYED GENERALS.
Mr. WADE. I notice, Mr. President, that the
Secretary of War, in hie return to a resolution of
the Senate asking for information concerning the
employment of our generals, has made a mistake
in one particular that I wish to have rectified.
He says, among other things, that " Generals
Banks and Lee are before the committee on the
conduct of the war." That is a mistake, and a
mistake which Z wish to have rectified, because
it seems to be a standing mistake, and I do not
know b'ut that it may interfere with the disposi-
tion that the Executive wishes to make of those
generals. Now, to setthe matterright, I will read
our communication with General Banks on the
subject:
Committee-Room Conduct of tiie War,
Washington, I). C., December 13, JB04.
Sir: I am instructed by Hie committee on the comiuct
of the war to inform you that tlicy will meet you to-mor-
row at ten o'clock, a. m., lor the purpose of taking your
testimony in leiation to the Red river expedition, provided
you are 10 remain in the city and are not otherwise occu-
pied. We do not wish to detain you, or to have our le-
quest complied with, if ltconfhctsat ail with your instruc-
tions ifom the President or Secretary of War.
] loumm, &o., B. F. WA1)E, Chairman.
Major General N. P. Hanks, U. S. A.
On the 14th of December, according to this re-
quest, Geneial Banks came in and he gave his
deposition, which probably took him two hours.
Then he was dismissed by us; we did not want
him any longer, and had nothing to do with de-
taining him beyond that. We dismissed him as
we do all other witnesses who have given their
testimony; but having taken other testimony,
about a month after, finding that he was still jn
the city, we sent for him on the 13th of January
to make a little explanation, and he came in and
I think it took him about ten minutes. We have
not detained him at all except when we took his
deposition, and that, as I have said, probably
lasted two hours. He seems to have been here
from the 13th of Decemberuntil yesterday, when
the War Department reported that we were de-
taining him here. It is no such thing. We have
detained him no more than we have any other
witness who has given testimony.
As for General Lee, he appeared before the
committee on the 11th of January'and gave his
testimony, which I suppose took him two hours,
and he was discharged by us and I have not seen
him since. 1 wish it to be understood that neither
General Banks nor General L$e nor any other gen-
eral is detained by us a moment after he comes
and testifies.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Ohio in favor of the removal of the
duty on imported printing paper; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio, remonstrating against the passage of
any bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. CLARK presented the memorial of Prank
Pugsley, praying compensation for services ren-
dered the United States as a private soldier from
October 17, 1861, to October 24, 1862, being the
time which elapsed from the date of his discharge
until he had notice of the same; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington city, District of Columbia, pray-
ing the repeal of alllaws making it unlawful for
county constables to arrest parties charged with
crime against the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of ministers
of the gospel and pastors of the churches at Bel-
videre, New Jersey, praying thatministers of the
gospel maybeexempt from military duty; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
Lemuel Abbott, praying payment of bounty
claimed to be due his son, John J. Abbott, drum-
mer of company I, sixteenth regiment Vermont
volunteers; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Tieasuier of the
United States, transmitting his adjusted accounts
of receipts and expenditures for the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1864; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
fial of B. A. Proiseth, praying for further legis-
lation to encourage foreign immigration, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance; which was agreed to.
H§ also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the message from the President of
the United States transmitting a copy of two
treaties between the United States and the King
of the Belgians, in relation to the Scheldt dues,
reported a bill (S. No. 420) to carry into execu-
tion a convention between the United States and
Belgiuia for the extinction of the Scheldt dues;
which was read,and passed to a second reading.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Mrs. Aria M. Roblas y
Robaldo, widow of F. Robaldo, asking to be paid
for certain property destroyed by American troops
in Mexico, by order of their commanding officer,
in the late war with Mexico, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled "Ap act to
incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Company
in the District of Columbia/' reported it with
amendments.
CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTORY.
Mr. ANTHONY. Th& Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate directing the committee to inquire into
the expediency ofordering a Congressional Direct-
ory to be compiled and furnished to Congress at
the commencement of each session, have directed
me to report a joint resolution on the subject,
and to ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 106) providing for the compilation of
a Congressional Directory at each session, was
read twice by its title,and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the com-
pilation of a Congressional Directoi y, under the
direction of the Joint Committee on Public Print-
ing, to be published by the Superintendent of
Public Printing/the first edition for each session
to be ready for distribution within one week after,
the commencement thereof.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will' state that the Con-
gressional Directory is nQW compiled by the
Postmaster of the House of Representatives,
whose traditional perquisite it is. It has been
sold to the Sepate at fifty cents a copy; I believe
now at seventy-five cents. It only reached us
last week, full of errors. Another edition is to
be printed, which J suppose we sjiall have m
about a week, at the close of the session, when it
will be of no use to us. According to the esti-
mate of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
it will cost, if printed at the Government Print-
ing Office, about twenty-five cents a copy for the
first thousand, and ten cents a copy for each sub-
sequent thousand. At the short session of 1862
the amount paid for the Congressional Directory
out of the contingent fund of the two Houses was
$1,132. At the present price of the Directory,
which I understand "is fifty per cent, higher, that
would be $1,698. The Superintendent of Public
Printing estimates that it will cost $400 if printed
by him,and would doubtless be accurate; and he
says he can lay the first edition before us in the
first week of the session. The committee did not
propose this resolution on economical grounds,
although they are certainly worth considering,
but with a view to have a Directory, which is
absolutely indispensable for the transaction of
business here, that should be accurate and be
presented to Congress within a reasonable time.
It appear! also that it can be done at one fourth
the cost we now pay for it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask thegen-
tleman out of what fund it is now paid for? Is
it out o£ the contingent fund?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, out of the contin-
gent fund of the two Houses. The Government
pays for it now. If this resolution should be
passed, the Government hereafter will pay about
one fourth of the present price.
Mr. COLLAMER. X will remark thatthepar-
ticular value of it for our use is the location of the
members, where they are staying in Washington;
but they do not get their places of settlement, es-
pecially those who have families, until after the
holidays, in January.
Mr. ANTHONY. The idea of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing is, that in the first week
of the session he will furnish a Directory with the
temporary residence of Senators and Representa-
tives, and, as soon as they establish permanent
residences, another edition containing their per-
manent residences; but as many members of both
Houses take their permanent residence in the be-
ginning of the session, they can be marked as
permanent, and the others as temporary. At all
events, we shall get the Directory in a reasonable
time and at a reasonable price. 1 may be wrong
in stating that the present price is seventy-five
cents; I have heard so; it was fifty cents before, 1
know.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator whether the order applies to the pres-
ent session.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir, not to the present
session. It is prospective.
Mr. MORRILL. I was going to state the fact,
which i have occasion to know, that an applica-
tion has been made for payment for the present
session.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
421) to amend an act entitled 44 An act to incor-
porate the Columbia Institution for the instruction
of the deaf, and the dumb, and the blind,"ap-
proved February 16, 1857; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
