1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
422) relating to the mail service between New
York and the Pacific coast; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 desire to state that I in-
troduce this bill by request. 1 know nothing of
the prices that ought to be paid; but I presum'e
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
does. 1 move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
peace missions to richmond.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and 1 ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if in his opinion not incompatible with the pub-
he intcieats, to furnish to the Senate any information in
liia- power concerning any recent personal communications
with the lebel Jefferson Davis, said to have been under
executive sanction; and also copies of any correspondence
relating thereto.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 suggest whether it would
not be better to so shape the verbiage of the reso-
lution as to refer to the mission of Mr. Blair.
Mr. SUMNER.. 1 beg the Senator's pardon;
1 prefer it in its general form.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ? That is the first question,
Mr. JOHNSON. None on my part. I send
to the Chair a resolution on the same subject,
which, perhaps, the Senator may think more
comprehensive. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read for the information of the body.
The Secretary read,as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States is re-
quested, if lie shall not deem it inconsistent with the pub-
lic interest, to inform ihe Senate if any person, and if any,
what person, ha*, with hw authority oi assent, been in
Richmond to negotiate with the president of the bo-called
confederate States., or with any other person or pcr-ons m
authority tinder such States, in relation to a termination
of the pieseni war, or with a view to ascertain iiom such
president or per>ons in authority on what terms or condi-
tion?, if any, he or they would be willing to have the said
war terminated ; and il so,also to inform the Senate what
information he has obtained from such agent or peison;
and he is also requested to inform thc'Senate, if such per-
son was in Kiciimond 'as aforesaid, whether he wa% au-
thorized or permuted by the President to represent to the
confederate author ities on what ternw or conditions the
President was willing to negotiate in relation to peace, and
if so, what such terms and conditions were.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution which I offer,
as the Senate will observe, is much briefer and
simpler than that of the Senator from Maryland.
In that respect i think that my own is preferable.
There are some words employed by the Senator
that i should not like to see the Senate adopt in a
resolution. The resolution of the Senate speaks
of the "confederate authorities:" to my mind
they are always the " rebel authorities." In my
resolution I characterize the head of the rebellion
as " the rebel Jefferson Davis;" and I call upon
the President foi information relating to any per-
sonal communications witli " the rebel Jefferson
Davis said to have been had recently by execu-
tive sanction." It strikes me that the resolution
introduced by me covers the whole case, and I
doubt the expediency of going into details. 1
should like to have my resolution read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it will be read, if
there.be no objection.
. The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
resolution proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, except, peilmps, that I am notsure that
it would accomplish his purpose and my purpose
and what I supposed to be the purpose of the
Senate. It is very desirable that the information
asked for by either resolution should be given to
the public at the earliest day possible. The re-
port which has gone all over the country that such
a negotiation in some form or other has been go-
ing on, has caused a good deal of solicitude and
a good deal of speculation, if there is no foun-
dation for it, the sooner we know it the better; if
th< re is, the sooner we know it the better. The
only objection I have to the resolution offered by
my friend fiom Massachusetts, is that I doubt
very much whether he will by it get the informa-
tion. 1 do not know that there is any " corre-
spondence" upon the subject; i doubt very much
whether there is any " correspondence" on the
subject; and if you call only for 44 correspond-
ence" 
Mr. SUMNER. I call for information.
Mi1. JOHNSON. Information as to what? 1
want to Know, in the order of time, first, whether
there has been a messenger sent there by the Gov-
ernmentor going therewith tke permission of the
Government, to hold any communication with the
president of the confederate States, or with any
person in authority under such States, in order to
ascertain upon what terms they are willing to
make peace; and if it is so, whether those terms
have been stated to the a^entand have been since
made known to the President, and that lie tell us
what those terms are. But I want also to know,
and perhaps my friend from Massachusetts will
not get that by his call—if that agent has been
authorized to state upon what conditions the
President of the United States is willing to enter
into a negotiation for the termination of the war.
Now, as to the criticism of my friend from
Massachusetts upon what the Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia calls the " verbiage"of my resolution, that
I call the authorities at Richmond " the confeder-
ate authorities," 1 have not the slightest objection
to call them 44 rebel authorities." They have been
called "the confederate authorities" over and
over again.
Mr. CONNESS. 44 So-called confederate au-
thorities."
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes " ko called;" but I will
strike that out, and say " the rebel authorities,"
for, speaking on the floor of the Senate, I have
called them nothing but rebels, and shall continue
to call them so until they prove themselves able to
establish their independence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maryland submit his proposition as an
amendment to the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I would rather have it as I
offered it, as an amendment for that reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on amending the icsolution by tanking out the
words of the original resolution and substituting
the words contained in the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. This may be an important
matter, and it may be important in what form the
resolution should be adopted. For myself, 1 pre-
fer that the resolution and amendment should be
printed, and come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. JOHNSON, i have no objection to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then we can see them
both.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it advisable to let the res-
olutions a;o over until to-morrow morning?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think so, and let them
be printed.
Mr* SUMNER. But I want the information
at once. I should like to have the information
to-morrow morning.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We may not be able to
get it by to-morrow morning.
Mr. SUMNER. If Senators desire that the
matter shall be postponed until to-morrow morn-
ing I shall not press it now
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any motion
submitted ?
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until to-morrow,
and that in the mean time the lesoiutions and the
amendment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CONDUCT OK THIS NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution which I wish
to present to the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate whether the argument ot the judges
advocate on tin; trial ofFrankhn W. Smith lias? been punted
by oider of the Navy Department, or any olltcei ot that
branch of the service, and whether ihe same has been done
at the eujeote of the Treasury of the United .States ; how
large an addition ot the tame has been publi>hed, and vviiat
u^e has been made of the copies thus pubh^ned. Ai&o,
whether any coannis&ioneio, agents, or detectives have
been employed bv the «aid Navy Department, or any officer
thereof, bince July 1, I£64 ; if >o, how many, what &umor
sums have been paid them, what in-tiucuons were piven
to them verbally or m writing, either hy lilt* S'-cietaiy of the
Navy or the Assistant fcSecieury; and e pe< tally whether
any instructions weie given to >,i.d detective or ajjeiit-*, or
eithei of them, by said Secretary oi A^MM.tnr tiecietary,or
by any one else tor them, fir with the knowledge, advice,
or consent of either of them, to inquire into the conducts
business transactions of any member of either House of
Congress; and, also, lrow much expense had been incurred
by such examination, the particulars thereof, the fundtrom
which they have been paid, and the law authoiii&ing the
same.
I ask that it be considered noV. f
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think that resolutiGiu9ho«i&
lie over until the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs is present.
The VICE PRESIDENT! If objected to,-it
must lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. 1 move, then, that it be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
barkacks for clerks.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following,resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish tlte Senate with such mfoimntlou as be may possess
relative to tlie barracks proposed to be erected in Washing-
ton for the accommodation of the clerks orr detached ser-
vice, an estimate of the probable cost of the same, and such
other statements and suggestions as he may deem proper.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed the following
bills:
A bill (S. Wo. 384) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend and extend the charter of the
Franklin Fire Insurance Company," approved
the 2d of March, 1838; and
A bill (S. No. 363) to amend the charterof the
Washington Gas-Light Company.
committee service. •
At the suggestion of Mr. Harlan, by unani-
mous consent, the Vice President was authorized
to appoint a member of the Committee on Public
Lands in the absence of Mr. Harding.
committee on corruptions.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move to suspend all prior*
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill (S.
No. 392) supplementary to the act approved July
14,1S62, entitled " An act to establish certain post
rouds." The object of the bill is to authorize the
constiuction of a railway bridge over the Ohio
river at Lhe head of the falls.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will not be taken up.
I hope the Senator from Kentucky will not press
it now. When the morning hour expired yes-
terday, the Senate had under consideration a res-
olution introduced by his colleague, [Mr. Davis,]
upon which I had the floor, and I was addressing,
the Senate and was interrupted by the expiration
of the morning hour. It is my desire to proceed
with the consideration of that resolution at this
time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire, as he has entered into a
discussion that may probably call for some re-
nunks from other Senatois, that it would be bet-
ter to fix that question for some time besides the
morning hour. We have only fifteen minutesof.
the morning hour now left, and he cannot finish
in that time, certainly. I would propose that that
subject be fixed for some particular day.
Mr. HALE. 1 will take the time that is left
this moi ning, if I can.
Mr. POWELL. I do not wish to prevent the
Senator from New Hampshire from finishing his
remarks; but the hill to which 1 have called atten-
tion is one of great^mportance, and it is important
that it should be acted upon quickly. If the Sen-
ate will now take it up, I shall propose to make
it the -special older for some early day. The
Senator Irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] desires
some little postponement of it; and I propose to
make it the special older for some day in the lat-
ter part of the week, if the Senate will take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to take
up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the Senate take
up the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution, which
had been modified to read as follows:
Resolved, That the special rule of the Senate No. 34 be
amended by adding tneioto these words:
A committee loi the investigation of the transactions of
j the Government in ali it* departments awl offices, to eon-
j fci^t of live member, winch committee s>hall be appointed
jj by the Presiding Officer of the Senate. Whenever there
i{ is a party political opposition to the executive admmistra-
ji tion oi the Government in the Senate, the chairman and a
li majority of the committee shall be selected from the Sen-
