18 65.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
grant railroads came forward, and they said they
Would be satisfied with two thirds of that amount,
«which would be four ninths, and that with that
they could keep themselves in running order.
The Illinois Central railroad at the present time
is capable of performing its contract beyond any
doubt or question. Why? Because its receipts
are shown to be this last year something over
seven million dollars, and the amount of fare and
freight that it received from the United States is
not half a million dollars, and therefore that which
it receives from the United States is not one four-
teenth of the whole. Does anybody believe that
by taking away that one fourteenth it will stop,
that it will transfer its road to the Government
of the United States, and allow the Government
to w'ork it? Nobody can possibly believe it.
It is said this is discriminating against the rich.
Is not that exactly what every creditor does? If
half a dozen men are indebted to A, one of whom
is able to pay at any time, he enforces his claim
against him. What right has he to say, "You
Should make all those people pay?" It does not
lie in his mouth to say that. It is enough for
the creditor to say, " 1 choose to enforce my con-
tract against you, and when it suits my pleasure
I shall enforce it against the others; and if I do
not it is none of your business."
The United States have given to this road (and
it is all the capital, 1 believe, that ever was in-
vested in it) some two or three million acres of
land. It did not sell the land; but it went into
the money market and hypothecated its lands and
procured money upon which to start the road and
build a portion of it, and then began to sell its
lands. It has already sold over seventeen million
dollars' worth ofthose lands, and it has over thirty
million dollars' worth still in the market, not de-
siring to sell, and not desiring even now to sell its
mortgages. It is in such a good condition that it
does not want to take legal-tender currency for
mortgages, because that currency has depreciated
fifty cents on the dollar. It would rather extend
the time of those mortgages for ten years than
allow the mortgagors to pay in the present cur-
rency, and from a very prudent reason: it ad-
vanced the money, and it expects to realize on its
• lands; and it does notdeclare very large dividends
for the same reason. The dividend goes to pay
for the construction account. It expects to real-
ize eventually in the sale of the lands.
The next question to be asked is, where is this
corporation ? I understand there is not half a
dozen citizens of Illinois who have the smallest
interest in it; that perhaps there are not twenty
American citizens that have the smallest interest
in it. This stock is owned almost entirely abroad,
almost every dollar of it. Why, then, should it
not keep its contracts with this Government when
it is able to keep them ?
But it is said we receive our information as to
its resources from its reports. Suppose that to be
true. It cannot come upon this floor and allege
the falsehood of those reports, and their inflated
nature, for the purpose of urging us to discredit
them. They are good as against itself at least.
Then, Mr. President, the question comes back
to this: here is a road which has contracted to
carry our troops and our munitions of war free
of charge. It is able to do so without injury to
itself. Shall we in this crisis insist upon its per-
forming its contract? That is the whole of it.
Have we four hundred and fifty or five hundred
thousand dollars annually to give away to this
corporation, (even supposing we made itaccount
afterward,) almost entirely foreign in its nature,
with its enormous Wealth and its enormous cap-
ital; or shall we simply stand upon the ordinary
equal footing of justice which exists between man
and man, and say to them " Do that which you
have contracted to do?"
As to the other and feebler roads we may need
them hereafter; and if we should need to use them
in some future war, when they are built, when
they are in running order, when they have
f12,000,000 of rolling stock upon their roads, I
should not wonder if we should enforce our con-
tracts against them.
Bat it is said we will ruin the sale of the stock
itt the market in New York, and thereby ruin, I
suppose, the sale offive-twenties orseven-thirties.
I really do not see any connection between the two.
If by withdrawingfour or five hundred thousand
dollars from this company we reduce its stock,
(and we shall not reduce it one per cent, by this
means,) how that will affect the credit of the Fed-
cra,l Government I do net know; but I do know
th^tt if we save §500,000 by this operation, if we
show to capitalists that we are determined to
make people stand upon their contracts in this
wise, we will raise our credit just so much. In-
stead of injuring the Federal credit, we will im-
prove it. 1 do not know of anything that would
be so well calculated to destroy the credit of this
Government as to pay people for doing that which
they had contracted to do for nothing or for a
former consideration.
But it is said this railroad has enhanced the
value of these lands, Mr. President, that is an
old railrpad dodge. No railroad enhances the
value of the lands. It is the progressive march
of civilization that enhances their value, and the
railroad is merely a part of that. If the pioneer
did not precede the railroad, if the farmer did not
precede it, if trade and travel did not precede it,
the railroad would be worth nothing; and the rail-
road only comes upon the heels of those who
carry the flag of civilization, and are its advance
guards. But suppose it did; if it has enhanced
the value of our lands, we paid for it; and we paid
them exactly what they asked. It was their bar-
gain; and if we made a good bargain, so far as
the lands are concerned, they cannot complain,
because they now hold lands they have in reserve
at twenty dollars an acre—fifteen dollars for the
lowest and twenty dollars for the highest. I do
not see, therefore, that there is any reason in the
world why we should not now at this time say to
this Illinois Central railroad, as the giant of these
land-grant corporations, as the one with Atlantean
shoulders broad enough to bear the burden,
" You must bear it."
Not a reason can be given why this contract
should not be enforced, but there are thousands
why it should. When there is machinery at
work all over the nation wringing out of the rich
and poor money in every conceivable^ form and
shape, I should like to know why this gigantic
corporation, that paid the other day to the State
of Illinois taxes upon seven millions of receipts,
should not perform its contracts. The Senator
from Illinois says it is invidious. I suppose it
will soon become invidious in this country, and
particularly in Congress, for the Government of
the United States to insist upon the performance
of contracts as against anybody. We make a
bargain, and then we must release it and forego
all the advantages of it; and we must do that in
a crisis of the country's history which is unpar-
alleled, and which I hope may never be paralleled.
I trust, therefore, that the Senate will concur
in this report. This was the only difficulty there
was between the two Houses. If the report is
concurred in I do not think there will be the least
danger of having the smallest difficulty with the
Illinois Central railroad on that behalf. If they
can get rid of this burden of course they have a
right to do it, and they have a right to have ar-
guments made on this floor to show us why we
shouI(l do it; but if we can enforce our contract
it i&ur duty to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member from
Pennsylvania seems to have been very clear——
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest, in order to save
time, whether this report had not better be sent
to another committee of conference, as the speed-
iest way of getting at it. This controversy will
lead to a debate for hours, and we shall make no
progress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that,
Mr. SHERMAN. As there is a disagreement
about it, I trust it will be sent to another commit-
tee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the rejSort of the committee
of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, let us have a vote
directly on that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the vote will be
taken, and I trust we will vote it down, and ap-
point another committee.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I trust we may, for to
adopt this proposition would be an outrage and
act of legislative tyranny.
Mr. COWAN. I call for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think the report of
this committee of conference ought to be adopted
bj^the Senate. It strikes me the arrangement
made by the Secretary of War with the railways
that received land grants is just andequita.ble, I
do not believe the condition under which the rail-
roads accepted the land grants was ever intended
to apply in times like these. If it were strictly
executed upon these roads it would ruin every mil*
road that has accepted a land grant. Hence I am
willing and desire to continue the arrangement
made by the Secretary of War with these corpora-
tions. That seems to be the general proposition
entertained by the committee of conference,, be-
cause they do not interrupt that arrangement with
any of the roads except one. The roads that have
received land grants are very numerous. Nearly
all the northern and northwestern roads have had
.moreor less land grants. The committee have
singled out the Illinois Central railroad and pro-
posed to make them carry the immense trans-
portation of the Government for nothing,and not
allow them to receive any pay, while they allow
all the other land-grant railroads in the country
to receive compensation upon the basis of the
agreement made by the Secretary of War with
them. This kind oflegislation is certainly wrong.
We insulate the Illinois Central road simply be-
cause its affairs have been managed skillfully and
properly, and because the corporation has more
wealth than other roads. Had it been managed
badly perhaps it would have had no wealth by
this time. I think we should give them a pre-
mium for their management rather than other-
wise. I think the proposition is very unjust, and
should not be adopted by the Senate. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will vote down this re-
port and ask foranothercommitteeof conference.
Mr. MORRILL. I feel pretty liberal this
morning, having been essentially whipped last
night, and I suppose I feel the better for it.
[Laughter.] I rise particularly to congratulate
my friend from Illinois upon the appreciation
which he seems to have this morning of the im-
propriety of general legislation on a particular
subject. I thought so last night; but he seemed
to feel quite otherwise. He voted as coolly and
as deliberately to place upon a specific measure
of finance a matter of general legislation as if it
never was likely to be commended to his lips. I
thought it was wrong then, and I think so now.
Therefore I am quite willing, and think I shall
vote, to send this back to a committee of con-
ference. But I rose simply to congratulate my
friend that he has atlast got an illustration which
makes him sensible of the propriety of keeping
this kind of legislation from these bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senatorfrom Maine
will allow me, if 1 know myself I have never
voted for a measure because it was in my State,
or against it because it was out of my State; and
the Illinois Central railroad is no more to me than
the fishing bounties. It has never been a favor-
ite with me. I have had no connection with it;
and for fear somebody should make such a speech
as the Senator from Maine has made I took oc-
casion to say that I do not know by sight three
men belonging to that company, though I have
lived in the State of Illinois before it was started
and ever since, I have no feeling about it as an
Illinois measure at all, if I know myself; but I
think this is an unjust proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. It was far from any purpose
of mine to ascribe anything of the sort to the
Senator; and I am sure nothing of that sort can
be inferred from what I said; but I do know this:
that interests over which we feel a particular care
are more likely to give us a particular solicitude
than those which are remote; and the difference
between this subject and the one we had under
consideration last night is not so great as that the
interest the honorable Senator takes in it could be
accounted for on any other principle. If I under-
stand it, we can afford to be a little liberal on this
occasion. We saved §400,000 last night, and the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania says that this will not
cost us more than §400,000; and so we make a
clean thing of it if we release this Illinois Central
road from its contract; for that is the question.
We release it from this contract, and therefore
give it $400,000, and we make a clean thing of it,
because we have taken that amount from a na-
tional policy. -tf that is the judgment of the Sen-
ate, I do not stand here to complain; and I am
inclined to think, as the Senatorfrom Illinois is so
