1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
anxious on this subject, I shall vote to have the
matter recommitted to the committee, with a vi^w
of seeing whether there is any reason in that di-
rection.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mev^rs. Anthony, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolmle, Foster, Grimes. Nes-iimh, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Eyek. Wade, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Crown, Carlile, Clark,Conness, Davis,
FaiwelI,Foot, Hale, Harris, I-Iendeison, llendticks, Howe,
Johnson, Lane or' Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougail,
Mojgau, Nye, Pomeroy, Powell, Eamsey, Riddle, Sprague,
Stewart, Trumbull,Van Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wright—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Harding, liar-
Ian, Howard, Moruii, llichaidson, and SauUbury—8.
So the report of the committee of conference
was non-concurred in.
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its amend-
ments to the said hill disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and upon its disagreement to the amendment
Of the House to the sixth amendment of the Senate thereto;
and that it ask a further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Orrfcrerf, That the conferees on the part ofthe Senate be
appointed by the V.ce President; and
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Trumbull, Farwell, and Powell.
CONDITION OF TUB INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr, DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian A flairs, to whom was referred the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) directing- inquiry
into the condition of the Indian tribes, and their
treatment by the civil and military authorities,
reported a recommendation that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the said resolution, and ask a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
said resolution; and
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amendments
ofthe Hou^eof llopieseritatives to the said resolution, and
a^-k a confeience on the disagreeing votes ot the two
Houses theieun.
Oulercd, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President; and
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Doo-
little, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Brown.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. POWELL presented the credentials of
Hon. James Gctiiiue, chosen a Senator by the
Legislature of tile State of Kentucky for the term
of six years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1865; which were read, and ordered to
be placed on the files.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have received and been
requested to file with the Secretary of the Senate
a certificate, under the seal of the State of Louisi-
ana, of the election of Michael Hahn as a Senator
of the United States, from the State of Louisiana,
for six years from the 4th of Maich next. It
seems to be a certificate of the proceedings of the
election, and as it is somewhat lengthy, perhaps
it is not necessary to read it. I move that it be
laid on the table and filed.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the reception of that
paper.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky ob-
jects to the reception of the paper. It is neces-
sary, then, to take the sense of the Senate upon
the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to take the
sense of the Senate as to whether it shall be re-
ceived and put on file.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its being inter-
posed here where it may create division and in-
volve debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We can vote without de-
bate. If there is any debate I will not press it.
rMr. SHERMAN, i think the Senator from
Kentucky can have no objection to its lying on
the table for consideration at the next session.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to its lying
on the table; but I object to the Senate receiving
the paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all there is of it.
It is only asked that it be laid on the table. It is
liable to be called up at some future time.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the Senate receiving
that paper for any purpose whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move thatthemotion be
laid on the table, and that carries with it the whole
of the papers and all the other motions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves to lay on the table the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin to receive the paper
just presented.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. E. No. 178) to au-
thorize the continuation of the joint Committee
on Commerce of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives after the 4th day of March, 1865, to
complete their investigations and make their re-
port on the subject of trade with the rebellious
States, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PORTAGE LAKE SHIP-CANAL.
The bill (H. R. No. 745) granting land to the
State of Michigan to aid in building a harbor and
ship-canal at Portage lake, Kewenaw Point, on
Lake Superior, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I really hope that bill will
not be referred. I wish the Senate would grant
me the favor to take it up now and pass it. Itis
a matter which is to cost the Government nothing
whatever, and will be a great accommodation to
the people of my State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make a standing objec-
tion. I insist on the order of business, and I have
the right to do it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to make an appeal
to the Senator from Ohio. This bill occupies a
peculiar position 
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, and state my ob-
jection, and after that there is no debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consid-
eration of the bill being objected to, it is not de-
batable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I merely wish to state
that the Legislature of Michigan is about to ad-
journ, and if this bill is to pass at all it should
puss at onco. It provides for a very important
work. The Senate committee are unanimous on
the subject, and it ought to be passed before the
Legislatuie of Michigan adjourns.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. This debate
is out of order. Objection being made, the bill
cannot be considered.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to the Senatorfrom
Ohio to allow the bill to be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have objected. Thereis
no use of appealing to me. This tax bill must
be passed as well as the Senator's bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This debate
is entirely out of order. The special order is no^W
before the Senate.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
744) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Powell
to the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was to add the following as a new section:
Sec. —. Jljid be it further Pnacted, That, in lieu of the
pioent rates or' postage (hi letters, there shall be chained,
mini and after the 1st day of July next, for eveiy single let-
ter in manuscript, or papA of any kind m which mlorind-
tion shall be asked lot or communicated in writing, or by
signs or ni.u ks, conveyed in the niaiis, five cents; and for
a double or other irmtiple lettei there shall be charged an
lneieased rate fteeoiding to the present rates, live cents
being computed the unit instead of three cents.
Mr. POWELL proposed to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And that from and after the 1st day of June, 1865, all acts
or paits> ot acts granting or allowing the franking privilege
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER putthequestion
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
>r is no,w
V
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate probably is
not aware of the question. The amendment offt
the committee is to increase the rate of postage
from three to five cents. I wish to leave that
matter substantially to the honorable Senator from
Vermont, who is at the head of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads. I am satisfied
that this increase is demanded by the exigencies
of the public service. The Post Office Depart-
ment will be in arrear from one to three million
dollars next year, and perhaps a larger sum,
if the jurisdiction of the Post Office Department
should be extended over the rebel States. This
measure was intended to cover that deficiency.
Jf the honorable Senator from Vermont says that
he thinks it would be unwise to make this legis-
lation, we do not propose to press it; although I
think the measure is demanded,and the Commit-
tee on Finance, with scarcely an exception
Mr. CLARK. There was one certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then with the exception
of the Senator, reported this as an amendment,
with a view to increase our revenue from the Post
Office service.
Mr. POWELL. I think the best method to
relieve the Post Office Department would be to
repeal the franking privilege. I have no doubt
that this Government loses, one way or another,
at least three or four million dollars by the ex-
ercise of this franking privilege. It has been
very much abused. I think if we should repeal
the franking privilege and allow the cheap post-
age to continue it would be much better for the
country; and hence 1 offered the amendment that
1 did; and if that had carried I would have of-
fered another amendment giving the franking
privilege to a limited extent, and so modified thi3
section as to reduce the postage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. Has that amendment been
amended ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 havebuta word to say upon
this amendment. I had great doubts in the com-
mittee as to its wisdom. The worst feature of it
is, that it looks like taking a backward step; for
when postage has been reduced it has always
been regarded as a forward step; a step in the right
direction; the encouragement of correspondence;
the cheapcningof it to thatend. The worst feat-
ure of this amendment is that it proposes really
to take a backward step. I would sooner en-
deavor to obtain the same amount of revenue from
almost any other source; and if we retain the
amendment we have already adopted taxing sales,
I think we shall get a sufficient revenue without
pressing this amendment.
Mr. CLARK, In addition to what the Sena-
tor from California lias said, that this is a step in
the backward direction, I do not believe that the
present is a proper time to increase the postage.
Senators should remember the vast number of
people who are now in the Army and away from
their homes, and the immense Army correspond-
ence that is carried on. 1 suggest, therefore,
whether we ought to double the postage at this
time, and whether we had better not raise our two
cents in some other way.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I have been appealed
to on this subject, I desire to say a few words upon
it. I have no settled opinions that I should wish
the Seriate to take upon this subject. In the first
place, it is somewhat problematical whether you
would raise very much more revenue by increas-
ing the postage to five cents. The general notion
has been thatan increase of postage decreases the
amount of correspondence, though not perhaps
in precisely the same ratio. I have no doubt that
increasing the postage from three to five cents
would dimmish the amount of correspondence
somewhat; precisely how much I cannotsay. The
difficulty now is the condition of affairs in the
country at this time. The condition of affairs in
the country at this time in relation to our money
is such that we cannot tell precisely how the peo-
ple appreciate it. it is undoubtedly true that five
cents is not any more now than the three-cent
postage was when we laid it. It probably is not
as much; but it certainly is not any more. It
therefore is not, really and strictly speaking, an
increase, only as it increases with the condition
of the circulation. I am rather inclined to think
thatraisingit to five cents would increase the rev-
