1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;12f9<
enue somewhat. I do not think it would dimin-
ish the amount of correspondence precisely in
proportion to the amount which is laid upon the
postage. I do not believe in the doctiine that the
lower your postage the more you will receive. I
do not think if you carry it down to two cents
that you would get any more letters to make it
up. It seems to me that that mode of reasoning
has its limitations.
But the great objection to this proposition is
the one suggested by the honorable Senatorfrom
New Hampshire, and that is the amount of cor-
respondence. to and from the Army. It is cer-
tainly very great now; and it is carried on in a
great measure between people not very well able
to pay an increase of postage. How it would be
received and what would be its effect in relation
to that large branch of the present correspondence,
I am unable to say. I am not sufficiently con-
vinced of its impolicy to throw any objections in
the way of the Senate adopting it, if in their opin-
ion it ought to be adopted. 1 think it somewhat
a doubtful problem, a questionable policy. That
is all I can say about it, I am not so far con-
vinced of it as that I would say it ought to be re-
jected. I have not come to any such definite con-
clusion about it. I am willing to leave itentirely
to the wisdom of the Senate, and not have it re-
ferred to me for decision.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it. ["Oh, no."] I withdraw the call.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe that ia the last
amendment of the committee. The next printed
amendment is not an amendment from the com-
mittee, but one that I proposed offering myself,
and 1 ask leave to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, that amendment will be considered
as withdrawn.
Mr. CLARK. I offer, from the Committee on
Finance, the following amendment as an additional
section:
And be it farther cnacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may at any time prior to tlie 1st day of July, 1866, as-
sign to the office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
such number of clerks as he may deem necessary, or the
exigency of the public service may require; and the priv-
ilege ot tranking all letters and documents pertaining to the
duties of his office, and of receiving free of postage all
such letters and documents, is hereby extended to said Com-
missioner.
This amendment is rendered necessary by the
expiration of a provision of the law as it now
stands. The present law is:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury may at anytime
prior to the 1st clay of July, 1865, assign to the office of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue such number of clerks
as he may deem necessary," &c.
And as no other provision has been made for
the internal revenue department, unless we ex-
tend this act for another year from July next, the
whole provision in regard to clerks will expire at
that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that extend the frank-
ing privilege ?
Mr. CLARK. It extends the franking priv-
ilege with it. It stands like the old law for one
year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill on
page 26, by striking out lines six hundred and
twenty-four, six hundred and twenty-five, six
hundred and twenty-six, and six hundred and
twenty-seven, in the following words:
On tobacco twisted by hand, or reduced from leaf into
a condition to he consumed, without the use of any ma-
chine or instrument, and without being preyed, sweet-
ened, or otherwise prepared, thirty cents per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On tobacco put up in the twist or rolled, either for chew-
ing or smoking, and so sold, whether prepared by hand or
machinery, and whether sweetened or not, thnty-five cents
per pound.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest a little
alteration in the language simply of that amend-
ment. 1 have consulted with an inspector in my
State since the Senator and myself prepared this
amendment, and I forgot to show it to the Sena-
tor. It is this:
On tobacco put up in twist or rolls as chewing and smok-
ing tobacco, and sold for consumption in that form, whether
prepared by machinery or by hand, or whether sweetened
or not, thirty-five cents per pound.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see that that varies it
any.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, it does not; but X
think the language is better.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to taking
that amendment in lieu of mine; it is nothing but
a mere verbal alteration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
The amendmentas modified was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill fur-
ther in line six hundred and thirty-one by strik-
ing out " thirty-five" and inserting " forty;" so
that the clause will read:
On fine-cut chewing tobacco, whether manufactured
with the stems in or not, or however sold, whether loose,
in bulk, or m rolls, packages, papers, wrappers, or boxes,
forty cents per pound.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the House provision.
Mr. CLARK. u Forty" is the House provis-
ion, and it is necessary to bring it up to make it
correspond with certain others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be put in the other form, of agreeing to the
printed amendment of thecommittee,striking out
" forty" and inserting " thirty-five."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill by striking out lines six hundred and thirty-
two and six hundred and thirty-three, in the fol-
lowing words:
On smoking tobacco of all kinds not otherwise herein
provided tor, thnty-five cents per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
On smoking tobacco.made with all the stems in, the leaf
not having been butted or stripped from the stem, and oti
refuse tobacco known us fine-cutshorts,including all scraps
produced in the handling or manufacture of tobacco and
cigars, and all imitations of tobaccoor substitutes therefor,
and on all kinds of smoking tobacco not herein otherwise
piovidedfor, thirty cents per pound.
On all smoking tobacco made exclusively of leaf, forty
cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 28, line six hundred
and eighty-one, I move to amend the amendment
of the committee, that amendment not having
been adopted, by inserting after the word " cigar-
ettes" the words " not otherwise herein provided
for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Now, I hope the amendment
of the committee, striking out from line six hun-
dred and forty to line six hundred and eighty,
inclusive, and inserting the words in italics will
be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question upon that amendment.
The amendment was to strike out the following
clause:
" On all cigars, cheroot", and cigarettes, made wholly
of tobacco, or ofany substitutes therefor, whether lmpoi ted
or of domestic manufacture, sixty cents per pound ; and no
tare for the box or package in which any cigars or cigar-
ettes aie packed shall be allowed m ascertaining the
weight. And the duty as aforesaid on all cigars, cheroots,
or cigarettes imported <.hall bp levied, collected, and pnid
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe by inserting in the last paragraph relating
to cigars, alter the woids *• imprisonment not exceeding
thirty days," the woids *cand any pei&on furnished wuh
such permit may apply to the assistant assessor or inspector
ot the district to have any cigats of their own manulaeture
weighed; arid on receiving a certificate of the weight, for
which such fee as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue 'shall be paid by the owner thereof,
may sell and deliver such cigars to any purchaser, in the
presence of said assistant assessor or inspector, in bulk or
unpacked, without payment of the duty. A copy of the
certificate shall be retained by the assistant assessor, or by
the inspector, who shall return the same to the assistant
assessor of the district. The purchaser shall pack such
cigars m boxes, and have the same inspected and marked or
stamped according to the provisions of this act, ami shall
make a return of the same as inspected to the assistant
assessor of the district, and, unless removed to a bonded
waiehouse, shall pay the duties on such cigais within five
days after purchasing them to the collector of the distnct
wherein they were manufactured, and before the same
have been i emoved from the store or building of such piu-
chasei.or iioin his po^-e&sion ; and any such puichascr
wiio shall neglect for mot e than five da> s to pack and have
such cigars duly inspected, and pay the duties thereon ac-
eotding to this act, or who shall purchase any cigars from
any person not holding such permit,the duties theieon not
having been paid, shall be deemedguilty of a misdemeanor
and be fined not exceeding §500, and be imprisoned not
exceeding six months, at the discietion of tite court, and
the cigars shall be forfeited and sold, one fourth for the ben-
efit ot the intormer, one fourth for the officer who seized or
had them condemned, and one half shall be paid to the
Government."
And to insert in lieu'thereof the following:
On cigarettes not otherwise herein provided for, made
wholly of tobacco or any substitute therefor, on cheroots
or short sixes, and on ail cigars valued at fifteen dollars or
less per thousand, with the tax included, five dollars pfcr
thousand; and on all cigarettes or cigars valued higher than
as aforesaid, fifteen dollars per thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. That completes the amendments
in regard to tobacco, I believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is one othfr
amendment upon the subject of tobacco. * On
page 20, line four hundred and sixty-one, 1 de-
sire that the words "except into a bonded ware-
house" shall be stricken out.
Mr. CLARK. I think we agreed to that.
Mr. HENDERSON. The effect of that will
be to require that all tobacco shall be inspected be-
fore it leaves the place where it is manufactured.
The amendment was agreed to.
e go
) one;
through with their amendments 1 have one to otter
which I believe meets the approbation of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and I
am confident will be an increase of revenue to the
Government. It is to insert at the end of the
provision in regard to lotteries the following:
Provided, That no licensc shall hereafter issue until the
managers of a lottery now drawn in the States adhering to
the Union shall give bond, in the sum of §1,000, that the
per&on receiving such license shall not sell any ticket or
supplementary ticket winch has riot been duly stamped uc-
eoiding to law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like the expres-
sion " adhering to the Union." t( Represented
in Congress" would be better.
Mr. RIDDLE. Well, move that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the bil! on
page 23, line five hundred and thirty-five, by in-
serting after the word" railroad" the word " bolt,"
and after the word " spikes" in the same line the
words " and tubes;" so that it will read:
On railroad chaiis, and railroad, bolt, and ship spikes,
and tubes made of wiought non, five dollars per ton.
So as to put these articles all in the same class.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
what the effect of that will be.
Mr. COWAN. The effect of the amendment
is to class bolt spikes and ship spikes together, in
the first place. They are the same kind of mate-
rial, and there is the same amount of work upon
them. It will also put the same amount of tax
upon tubes, such as the tubes out of which gas
pipes are made. That is about the whole of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I now move to amend the bill
by striking out the eighth section, on page 47, the
one requiring the appointment of inspectors for
pett oleum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to have the section read?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That all petroleum or
i ock-oiI , before the same is used or removed for any pur-
pose, shall be inspected and gauged by some inspectoi ap-
pointed for the performance ot such duties, who shall maik
upon the cask or vessel containing such petroleum or lock-
oil, in a manner to be presenbed by the Cominissionei of
Internal Revenue, the quantity of the content^ of such
cask or vessel, with the date of inspection and the name
ofthe inspector, and shall make a letuin ot all pretroleum
or rock-oil so inspected, with the name of the producer, to
the collector, and a duplicate thereof to the a^essor oi the
distuet. And any person who shall attempt tiaudulently
to evade the payment of the duty upon any pierroleum or
rock-oil by changing in any manner the mark upon any such
ca^k or vessel shall forfeit the sum of $100 for each cask
or vessel so altered or changed, to he recoveied in the
manner piovided fot the lecovery of penalties imposed by
the act to which this act is an amendment; and any in-
spector or other person who shall knowingly pui upon any
such cask or vessel any false or fraudulent mark shall be
liable to the same penalty hereinbefote provided for each
ca.-dc or vessel so fraudulently maiked ; and any peison
who shall purchase or sell any empty cask oi vessel with the
inspection m.n lf  theieon, oi who >hall u->« the same with-
out removing the inspection mm ks there!iout, for the pur-
pose of selling any othei petroleum or lock-oil than that so
inspected, shall be subject to a like penalty for caehcask or
vessel so purchased, sold, oi used.
Mr. COWAN. I will endeavor to explain, if
I can, why! think the scction is entirely useless;
and not only so, but absolutely mischievous and
burdensome to the country and to the producer.
When petroleum is produced from a well, either
by pumping or by flowing, the oil passes into large
tanks, which are perhaps fifteen feet high, and
