514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
" Captain Flinn, the prisoner to whom Senator H, refers,
being incidentally on a visit to our city, lias called at our
office and given a denial to the statements of Mr. Hen-
dricks, .=o far as he (Flinn) is concerned. The captain
says that lie never talked with the honorable Senator on
tins subject. Furthermore, that he never was in Ander-
sonville, and so knows nothing experimentally, or by ob-
servation, of the treatment of our piisoners there. Lie is
diametrically opposed to the views of Mr. Hendricks in
jlus matter, and iie has good reason Lo be.
f<lt will be recalled by most of our readers that in July,
1883,- Captain Flinn, in connection with Captain Sawyer,
was chosen by lot from the officers confined in .Libby prison
to be hung in retaliation for two spies who were executed
by "General Burnside. They were thrown into a dungeon,
and there, for six weeks, experienced untold barbarities at
the hands of the rebels. Their release wa? only secured
by th£ positive and expressed determination of the Federal
Government to execute Fitz Hugh Lee and General Win-
der's son in case Fiinn and Sawyer sliould be shot or
hung."
I do not know that I have a right to find fault
with an editor who ventures to base a criticism
upon any information he gets from Congress by
the telegraphic dispatches, especially those com-
ing, through the Associated Press, they are so
unreliable when they reach the distant portions
of the country; but perhaps it is due to myself,
ftp this is published in my State and will be gen-
erally circulated, that I should correct almost
every statement made in the article.
In the first place, the dispatch, according to the
editor's article, seems to make me say that I am
opposed to retaliation in any case. Senators who
did me the honor to listen to what I submitted the
other day know very well that I took the very
opposite ground; and, that I may not be misun-
derstood now upon the subject, 1 will read what
I said upon it. During the course of my remarks,
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] usked
this question:
" I ask the Senator whether he is in favor of any retal ia-
tion with a view to compel tins rebels to ueat our prisoners
with more kindness and humanity."
To which I made this reply:
" I am in favor of carrying on this war upon our pait as
a civilized and Chnstian people. 1 am in lavor of compel-
ling the .southern people to cairyon the warupon theirpart
as a Christian and civilized people; and if ihey refuse to do
it, I am in favor of retaliating toi the protection of our peo-
ple and soldiers just so far as the usages ol civilized nations
will justify, and just far, as a civilized and Christian
people, wc ought to go, and no further."
It is very difficult to understand how the author
of this telegraphic dispatch could have reported
me UN having said that I was opposed to any re-
taliation. i read from a very distinguished author
of our own country to show that retaliation was
right,butalso-toshow the limitation that the laws
and usages of nations impose upon the right of
retaliation, and held, as 1 have just read, that we
were restrained by the usages of civilized and
Christian nations. For two or three days I have
had upon my table on amendment, which at the
proper time I intended to propose, which ex-
pressed my view uptfn this whole subject, and
which I will lead as a pait uf my rematks;
Be it j esolccd, by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State? in Congicss awcrnhled, That, in the
judgment of Congress, such proper measures ought to be
taken by the President ol the United States as may be neces-
sary toobtain the e.iiliebi exchange ol piisoners at all tunes
duung the continuance of tlu; war.
And he U further resolved, That the executive and mili-
tary authorities ol the Uniied iStatei are hereby dneeted to
treat pi isonersof the enemy in such manner, iti accordance
with the images of civilized nations, a* shall be effective in
deterring the enemy from the peipetration m futuie of eiuel
and baibuious ueatment of our soldiers held as prisoners
of war.
These two resolutions present my views upon
this whole subject: first, that, as a remedy for
the evils of which we complain, we demand of
the Administration the adoption of all proper
measures which will secure an early and imme-
diate exchange of prisoners during the continu-
ance of the war. This is a remedy which I can
appreciate, and, in my judgment, is a remedy
which the country will appreciate. As I had an
opportunity the other day to give the Senate the
reasons why I was in favor of the remedy by
exchange, I need nut now repeat them. They
were in substance these: that if we leave our sol-
diers in southern prisons, in an unhealthy cli-
mate, exposed, as of necessity they must be, to
hardships, they will encounter diseases, and that
to restore them to health we desire to bring them
to their homes, that they may enjoy the advan-
tages which home alone can give.
But, sir, I do not care to continue the discus-
sion upon that particular point further, if it is
the judgment of the Senate that a policy ought
not to be adopted which will secure an exchange
of prisoners, I must be content; but I hope that
before this subject passes from the consideration
of the Senate a very decided expression will be
given in favor of the adoption of such measures
us will secure an immediate exchange of prison-
ers during the continuance of the war.
The other resolution which I propose to sub-
mit as a substitute for the proposition now before
the Senate is restricted as I understand the laws
of nations require us to restrictit. That we have
a right to retaliate is not to be questioned; but to
what extent, to what point? As far as the usa-
ges of civilized nations allow us to go. Is this
Senate prepared to go further? The Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] in a very able ar-
gument the other day showed that Congress could
not modify or amend the laws of nations. We
can enact a municipal law which will have force
upon our own citizens, which will have force
upon our own soldiers; but so far as we as a na-
tion, a member of the family of civilized nations,
are concerned, we cannot modify the laws of na-
tions. That system of laws has been adopted by
the usage of nations; it is the common law of
nations, and can only be modified by a contrary
usage of nations.
I desire also to correct the statement of this
editor in respect to Captain Fiinn, for whom, as
1 said the other day, 1 have a personal regard and
friendship. Captain Flinn, the editorsays, does
not agree with the statement which 1 made to the
Senate; and what statement does Captain Flinn
not agree tor 1 was represented as saying that
he had reported to his neighbors that at Ander-
sonvilte there were no cruelties perpetrated upon
our prisoners. The Senate very well know that
I made no such statement; and it is very reason-
able that Captain Flinn should be suiprised to
see by the telegraphic dispatch that 1 had made
such a statement. Captain Flinn, 1 believe, was
never at Andersonville. He was a prisoner at
Libby; and what i said in respect to Captain
Fhnn was in reply to the evidence the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] adduced in re-
spect to the treatment or prisoners in Libby, and
was expressly so restricted.
The editor goes on further to say that Captain
Flinn says he had no conversation with me on
the subject. 1 believe that is true. I do not recol-
lect to have met Captain Flinn but once, and I
think that was upon the streets of Indianapolis,
but for a few minutes since his release from Libby.
I did not profess in the course of the debate to
speak upon my own knowledge of what Captain
Flinn had said. 1 had then no doubt, and I have
now no doubt, that what I said was correct. I
will read from what I said,showing that i spoke
from information:
II [ have given the statement of an honest man who \v:is
a pin-oner theie tor months, u part of the time m a dun-
geon, selected by lot to be s-hor. When he came home he
made tins statement to ins neighbors. 1 have no doubt that
there have been ciuolues inflicted on the Union piixoner-i
in southern pti^ons, and that is one reason why 1 want
them biou'='lu home ; but I do not believe that it has gone
to the extent lepoi ted in the count)}'.''
I stated to the Senate what I knew was what
he had stated to his neighbors; but further in the
debate I made it more explicit that my informa-
tion was derived from his neighbors. In the
course of the argument made by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] I corrected a misun-
derstanding on the part of that Senator, and re-
peated what I had said on this subject, and con-
tinued:
" This I was informed by his neighbors with whom he
conversed immediately on his return. Of course, that is
confined to Libby pinon. I suppose Captain Flinn knew
nothing about any other."
I undertook to state to Ihe Senate what Captain
Flinn had said to his neighbors, as they informed
me. Nor does Captain Fiinn undertake to cor-
rect that statement; but he undertakes to correct
the statement that he had been at Andersonville
and that there were no cruelties perpetrated at
Andersonville; a thing that I never thought of.
He was not there, and of course could know noth-
ing about the treatment of prisoners at Anderson-
ville. I concede that if he saw what was reported
in the telegraphic dispatch, he would besurprised
that I should have-said that he had reported that
there were no cruelties at Andersonville.
Again, the editor undertakes, as I think, to make
the impression that Captain Fiinn was not released
through any efforts which I made in his behalf.
I am not going to discuss that question. Captain
Flinn's letter was received by me, and that very
same morning I took it to the President of the
United States, and he was kind enough to make
the proper indorsement upon the lettter; and I
presume that that letter, with the President's in-
dorsement, is now in the proper office in the War
Department to speak for itself. Captain Flinn
knows by whose efforts he obtained his discharge
from prison.
I believe, sir, this is all the explanation I de-
sire to make in respect to this editorial.
I have now but a very few remarks to make in
continuation of this debate. I am in favor of the
recommitment of this whole subject to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] said yesterday that any Sena-
tor who voted for the reference was necessarily
in favor of the postponement and final defeat of
the measure. 1 say that the Senator according
to the usages of ihe body is not justified m mak-
ing that statement. Is not this business in a
proper condition to be sent back to the committee ?
When the memorial on this subject was presented
by my colleague some time ago, and when a reso-
lution was presented by the Senator from Ohio
some days since, both were referred to the com-
mittee; and why? That that committee might
digest a proposition which would probably meet
with the approval of the Senate. When the reso-
lution came back, it appeared early in the debate
that no side of the Chamber would sustain the
proposition as it came from the committee. The
debate has gone on from day to day; numerous
amendments have been presented;and I now claim
that the committee, if this subject be sent back to
them, with the light of this debate and of the
amendments proposed, can return to the body a
proposition which will meet the approval of a
large majority of the Senate. Then I say it is
proper, it is according to the usages of the Sen-
ate, and it will facilitate the business of the body.
But, sir, the Senator from Ohio has no rightas
an equal in this body to tell us that by adopting
the course that we think is right we aie opposed
to a just measure. We who are in favor of this
reference desire to have the measuie considered
by a committee and properly presented to the
body, in order that a large vote may be received
in the Senate. That can be done; we have a
right to it; and it is not for the Senator to threaten
Senators with the displeasure of the country if
they do not agree with him. He has the benefit
of incorporating in this resolution the very words
that he desires to be used. Other Senators desire
that their propositions shall go before a commit-
tee and shall be properly considered. As the
measure now stands, we are cut off fiom amend-
ment. The Senator, no doubt, is content with
the amendment which he has now before the body.
He has the advantage of incoi poratingin this res-
olution just such words as he desiies to use; and
if any other Senator prefers other language, and
desires that to go to the committee for their con-
sideration, the Senator ought to treat with indul-
gence this fair desire on our part. I hope the
whole subject will be referred; it is according to
the usages of the body, and I think will secure
the early consideiation of a measuie with which
we shall all be content.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] and the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandleu] yester-
day used language that I thought remaikabie in
this body; butas the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has replied in part, it is not neces-
sary for me to refer to their arguments at any
length. The Senator from Ohio said:
" If a man has no sympathy for these barbarian?, why
are his nerves inoie afiecicd by the proposition to subject
them to the same treatment that they inflict upon ut-'P Why
is it that gentlemen's sympathies aie all that way? Yoii
know from the evidence that these out) ages are committed;
you cannot deny it. The Senator fiotn Illinois riot s not
deny it. He is ton candid to do so. He says? theie no
doubt about the fact. We all know that our soldiers to-
day aie subjected to all that baibaiity can milict upon them.
We know that tins day in toinhein pi Hons there are thou-
sands of our biave soldieis dying by inches by leasou of
the barbauty of their captors and keepeis."
Again, the Senator says:
" Sir, sympathy for the rebellion cannot slop it. Fel-
lowship with tiie leaders, old acquaintance with them,
high standing with them, raising them up as the idols of
your idolatry, cannot save them."
It is difficult to tell to whom the Senator re-
