1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
twelve or fourteen feet in diameter, and it remains
there till it is removed for consumption and sale.
When a dealer wants to buy a hundred barrels
of oil, he calls on the owner of the oil, and makes
a bargain for so much. On the next day the bar-
rels come there in wagons, and the oil is drawn
from these tanks, and filled into the barrels, and
ihey are hauled off. Now, by the provisions of
this bill the owner of the well is required every
ten days to make a return of the amount that he
sells in that way, or removes for consumption and
sale; and within five days after he has made his
account he is bound to pay the tax levied upon
it. I think that is a sufficient security, and 1 do
not see that there is any additional security from
the fact of inspection.
But there is this difficulty about it: no man
can sell unless he has an inspector at his elbow
at the time of making the sale; because where the
oil is not kept in barrels or casks, but is kept in
these tanks, the producer of the oil will not fur-
nish the barrels. It is the purchaser that fur-
nishes the barrels and brings them there at the
time of sale. I cannot conceive of anything that
■would be so inconvenient as to require, every time
a hundred barrels of oil are sold, the inspector to
be there to inspect it the moment it is putin bar-
rels. These barrels are used over and over again,
times without number; and it would be almost
impossible to carry out this provision. The bar-
rels would be worn out with the number of in-
spectors' marks made on them every time they
came back to the well.
The Senate will observe the enormous number
of inspectors that must necessarily be appointed
under this section. No one single man could
attend to more than five wells, and those wells
must all be in tliearea of a single square mile; and
when you come to reflect upon the numberof wells
and the area of territory covered by these wells,
the inspectors would have to be almost as numer-
ous as the locusts of Egypt to attend to this
business. I think it is better to rely on the pro-
visions of the two preceding sections and the pen-
alties which are there fixed forattempting to evade
the law.
I may remark, also, that there is such a pub-
licity in regard to these wells and their sales that
it would be impossible almost for them to make
false returns. Every sale is watched with great
care, and the exact price that is paid is known to
everybody for a considerable distance around; so
that, I will venture to say, in an oil-producing re-
gion where there are wells all about, if a man
made a false return, it would be readily detected.
The dealer is always in the neighborhood, and
it could be detected through the medium of his
testimony. I hope, therefore, that this section,
requiring the appointment of such a large number
of inspectors as this will necessarily involve, will
be stricken out, and that we shall rely on the pre-
vious sections of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN". In my judgment this sec-
tion ought not to be stricken out. It is the same
provision precisely as is contained in regard to the
inspection of whisky and other articles of that
class. The Senator explained to me his purpose
in offering thisamendment; but I am afraid of the
effect of it. I am afraid that if this section is
stricken out we shall get no revenue from petro-
leum. There would be no guard at all except the
oath of the producer. There are but two guards
now in regard to this tax: one is the oath of the
producer, who is required to make the return;
and the other is the inspection of the officer; and
these guards are applied to all this class of taxes.
1 do not thinlc now, since we have introduced this
tax in regard to petroleum, that we ought to strike
out the mode of ascertaining the amount.
Mr. COWAN. 1 do not make this motion in
the interestof the oil producers so much as I make
it m the interest of the country. I am satisfied
that it will require all the taxes you will get from
the crude petroleum to pay the inspectors under
this section. It is utterly impossible that you can
provide any system of this sort without multiply-
ing these officers so as to have one for every four
or five wells; because, no matter what our power
may be in the premises, we cannot stop the busi-
ness of the country; and I know myself that there
is no one thing so mischievous and such a nui-
sance in the administration of the present existing
law in regard to spirits as just that thing of in-
spection. Butthere is this advantage there: when
whisky is made it is put in barrels, and it remains
in those barrels until it is carried away for con-
sumption and sale; and it can remain for ten,
twenty, or thirty days, as it sometimes has to do,
till the inspector conies around. But with regard
to petroleum, the whole system of carrying on
the business will have to be changed if you adopt
this section. You cannot inspect petroleum in a
tank; it is utterly impossible. Before it can be
inspected it must be put in barrels; and it is put
in barrels at the moment of sale and at the moment
when it goes away from the well. I should be
very glad if there could be some means adopted
by which the people could be relieved from the
burden of waiting until the inspector comes around
to inspect their whisky; because it frequently hap-
pens that a man having a distillery will have to
wait ten or fifteen days and sometimes a month be-
fore the inspector comes around; and there have
been cases where men have really suffered be-
cause they could not get their whisky to market
on account of it not being inspected, it being im-
possible to get an inspector to attend to it; and
we cannot appoint an inspector for every estab-
lishment. Everybody knows that that would
utterly destroy all the tax we should receive; and
we would waste it in paying this useless horde
of officers.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the amendment, and declared that the ayes ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. HENDERSON, I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. If there be any objection
to the levying of this tax upon petroleum we had
better strike out the tax at once; but if there be
no objection to the levying of the tax, then of
course it must be inspected in some way in order
to ascertain the quantity. We cannot leave it to
the parties themselves to determine. Surely the
object of the Government is to procure the tax, if
it is levied; and if so, we ought to have some
check upon the parties themselves. I do not un-
derstand how we are to determine the quantity of
the oil unless we have this inspection.
Mr. COWAN. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I intended, if this amendment carried,
to amend the other sections by imposing the tax
on the barrel of petroleum. The barrel there used
ranges from forty to forty-five gallons. No barrel
is beyond forty-five gallons. I propose to raise
the tax somewhat. I propose to amend the pre-
vious sections by imposing a tax of one dollar
oil every barrel. The oil men agree to that. It
is now two cents a gallon; but they say if they
are freed from this nuisance of inspection, they
are willing that the tax should be raised to one dol-
lar a barrel, and that no barrel shall exceed forty-
five gallons. Then it will all be done by the bar-
rel. If they choose to pay a dollar for a barrel
containing less than forty-five gallons, as they
will do for a long while until the lesser barrels are
worn out, it will be all the better forthecountry;
and in that way the objection of the Senator from
Missouri will be obviated.
Mr. GRIMES. I voted with the Senator from
Pennsylvania in favor of this amendment. I do
not know whether 1 did it rightfully or wrong-
fully. The reason was I wanted to avoid cre-
ating another batch of office-holders if I could.
I suppose the Senator from Missouri, or some
other gentleman of the Committee on Finance,
can tell us how many would probably be required
if we do not strike out the section that is proposed
to be stricken out by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. I seek, so far as my vote is concerned, to
avoid paying as much for officers' salaries as the
tax on petroleum will amount to. I see in addi-
tion to the number of officers to be created by
this section, that another section provides for an
additional lot of tobacco inspectors; and proba-
bly the Senator from Missouri is able to inform
us how many would be likely to be required un-
der these various provisions of the law.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot answer the
Senator from Iowa; I can only state to him this,
that with the present high rates of duty levied
upon the various manufactured articles in this
country, and especially the one he alluded to on
tobacco, unless there is an inspection,and a very
close inspection of the article, every honest man-
ufacturer of the article will be driven from the
market. It is utterly impossible for a man who
intends to manufacture and pay his tax honestly
to do business unless the tobacco is inspected.
I have positive information that it is manufac-
tured to a very large extent by individuals who
defraud the Government, and in defrauding the
Government they can undersell the honest man-
ufacturer, there being such inducements to fraud
with the liigh taxes levied; and the honest man-
ufacturer is thereby driven from the market. I
cannot tell how many inspectors it will take; but
if you intend to keep up these high rates, and
protect the honest men in the country, 1 do not
care how many it takes, you must furnish them.
I am as anxious as the Senator from Iowa to
avoid the appointment of unnecessary officers.
I am sure I do not want a single inspector in this
country if it can be avoided; but if you will im-
pose the tax, there ought to be some machinery
by which you will protect the honest man against
the rogue.
I confess I know nothing about this question
of the inspection of petroleum, for it is an article
I know nothing about; but I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that, as I understand, it
is not always the case that petroleum is removed
from the well in the barrel; and unless the in-
spection is made in a short time after it is re-
moved from the well there will be danger of their
avoiding the tax entirely. It is a very extensive
business; and J suppose the oil is removed*in
other ways besides barrels.
Mr. COWAN. It is true that at one time in
the history of this trade the oil was removed in
boats; but I think that perhaps that will never be
the case hereafter. Wo doubt barrels will now
be used in all cases. They have adopted the plan
of placing the oil in barrels from the tank at Oil
creek in Pennsylvania, where a great portion of
the oil is produced.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I can furnish some of
the elements with which a calculation can be made
as to the number of inspectors which will be re-
quired under this section. The oil region in
western Pennsylvania and West Virginia extends
about two hundred miles, and is, I think, from
fifty to one hundred miles in width. Over this
region, at great distances frequently, these wells
are scattered. The whole country is mountain-
ous, with high ridges, where of course no oil ia
produced. The oil is procured in the valleys
lying between these mountains; generally alung
the water courses, and most frequently at present
in remote neighborhoods. Of course but a very
small quantity of this oil is consumed in the coun-
try; but it all finds its way from both sides of
the Ohio river to that river forthe Durpose of be-
ing shipped to the places where it is refined, or it
is perhaps refined at those places on the Ohio
river. What is taken into the refineries there can
be no difficulty about. The assessor can ascer-
tain that beyond a question and without any dif-
ficulty. The assessor will therefore have it in
his power to collect the tax; and the assistant as-
sessor of the district will always be there, and
none of this oil can be shipped without his knowl-
edge. The streams upon which this oil is found
are small, and if it descends them by water, it
comes down in flat-boats which can go no further
than the Ohio river, unless they are taken in tow
by the steamboats, or the oil is transferred to a
steamboat; and therefore there must be an in-
spection on all these points of shipment on the
Ohio river.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania alludes to
the removal of it in bulk-boats. The conditions
there are precisely the same. The oil is fre-
quently turned into these boats, which when onco
gauged of course answer forever. It is neces-
sary to ascertain how far the oil may be below
the top line; but the conditions are the same with
reference to them. They cannot proceed after
they get to the Ohio river; that is, in the condi-
tion in which the oil is usually transported. They
might be floated down the river; but very few
will go down that way. They must be taken in
tow by a steamboat, as they usually are; and
when those boats are used it is usual to take them
to Pittsburg for the use of the Pittsburg refineries.
There is no difference in quality in this article as
is the case with tobacco, of which the Senator
from Missouri speaks. It is not an article of
that kind where there is any temptation to fraud
except th® simple evasion of duty. It is gener-
ally sold in large quantities. There is very littla
