1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
they made it a condition that the Northwestern
Bank at Wheeling should establish a branch with
a capitalof $100,000 at Parkersburg. That branch
was long since established, twenty years ago, and
has been in operation under a renewal of the
charter ever since, and is now in operation. The
point that I desire to accomplish here is to make
it certain that these banks retaining this organi-
zation with a branch, may become national banks.
They will be wholly under the national banking
law; they will be wholly under the control of the
Comptroller of the Currency as much as any other
banks, and they will not in fact differ from any
other banks that are created by the national law
except in the single fact that they will have two
or more offices where they transact business.
The mother banks generally have a large capital
while the branches have a smaller capital. In
our case you could not withdraw those branches
without withdrawing the benefaction, if you
choose to call it so, of the State to neighborhoods
not so wealthy and not so well able to have banks
of their own.
1 understand that there is no objection to this
amendment. The objection of the Comptroller
of the Currency, as I understood, only applied to
the system of affiliated banks of which I have
spoken. Now you have determined, so far as you
have gone, to impose a tax of ten per cent, on the
circulation of these banks which have been de-
sirous and are authorized by a law passed at the
present session of our Legislature to become na-
tional banks. I propose to let them do it with-
out throwing off their branches, which perhaps
they cannot do unless this additional authority is
afforded. I cannot see any objection that can be
made to it, and I trust that it will be adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 suggest to the Senator
from West Vuginia whether his proposition had
not better come in as a separate amendment, in-
stead of being offered as an amendment to mine.
JVIr. VAN WINKLE. 1 do not want to ob-
struct the Senator's amendment, but there seemed
to be a general acquiescence in my proposition,
and therefore I saw no objection to offeung it as
an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. If theie is no objection to
the amendment of the Senator from W^st Vir-
ginia, I have no objection to its being attached to
mine; but if theie is any objection, I think they
had better be scpai ate.
Mr. VAN WIN/CLE. My amendment has
the approbation of the Committee on Finance,
and I see no objection to it.
The amendment to tiie amendment was adopted,
and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 wish to offer another
amendment, mid I shall have to ask the chairman
of the Finance Committee or some member of
the committee, who I beheve understands this bill,
where it ought to come in. I suppose, perhaps,
it should corne in in section three, page 45, the sec-
tion which increases by twenty per cent, the duty
upon all articles enumerated in section ninety-four
of the act to which this isan amendment. I wish
to placc among the exceptions to the operation of
that section contained in the proviso to it, the arti-
cle of wood-screws. This article now pays double
the tax paid upon all similar articles. The tax upon
all manufactures of the class to which this product
belongs is five per cent., while upon wood-screws
it is ten per cent. This section, as it reads, will
make the tax on all other ai tides six percent., and
the tax on wood-screws twelve percent. 1 desire
that the wood-screws shall be excepted from the
operation of this section, and be left at ten percent.,
while the other articles are put at six per cent.
I do not know why it is, but there seems to
liave been in Congress a desire for vindictive legis-
lation upon this class of industry. I have heard
but two reasons assigned. One is, that the men
who have engaged in it are rich, and the sec-
ond that the business is a monopoly. I hope that
the Senate will not, when we are imposing such
enormous and necessary burdens upon the in-
dustry and the wealth of the country, make it a
crime for people to make money. The men who
are engaged in this branch of industry invented
or purchased the invention of a machine for the
manufacture of screws, the result of which is to
produce a better and a cheaper article than was
ever introduced into the country before. If you
now remove the taxes which they pay on the
articles which they use, they will ask no protec-
tion whatever. They pay to the Government
annually $180,000 excise, and they pay $100,000
in gold upon that portion of the raw material
which they are obliged to import. I think it
would be perfectly fair to place their product on
the same basis and in the same class with all other
manufactures of the kind, but 1 shall not ask for
that; I only ask that this branch of industry may
not be discriminated against more than four per
cent, in the rate of duty, that is, that it shall not
be taxed sixty per cent, more than articles of the
same kind.
In regard to the monopoly, that objection, ifit
were one, has ceased. There are now two other
establishments making the article, and the three
together can produce one third more than the
country can take, and with the taxes imposed on
the business it is utterly impossible to compete
with foreign countries for foreign trade. The
only monopoly they ever had was the same mo-
nopoly that any man or any business obtains by
producing an article or rendering a service better
and cheaper than his neighbor. If the Senator
from Ohio will tell me where to put in the words
" wood-screws," I will move to except the arti-
cle, the effect of which will be to make the tax
on wood-screws ten per cent, instead of twelve
per cent., when all other manufactures ofthe same
kind are put at six per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thmka wood-screw would
go into the exception without any trouble any-
where. [Laughter.] I am opposed to the ex-
ception. The Senator can make a much stronger
argument for a hundred articles that might be
named among the manufactured articles of the
country.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not ask that the arti-
cle shall be excepted from the uniform burden,
but from a still greater burden beyond what any
other interest is subjected to, and beyond the
very large burden it already suffers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to explain the rea-
son why so many aiticles are excepted in the
proviso to the third section. That section of the
bill makes a specific increase of the duties im-
posed by the ninety-fourth section of the law of
last year, and then proceeds to make specific ex-
ceptions of certain articles, for instance,tobacco,
illuminating oil, &c. They are excepted from
the general increase in this section because they
are provided for specifically. No other articles
aie excepted from the general increase. If this ex-
ception is made in favor of wood-screws, which
I suppose can bear a tax as well as everything
else, efforts will be made to secure other excep-
tions.
Mr. ANTHONY. They can bear a tax as
well as all other articles of the same kind, but
I do not see why there should be one class of
industry selected out for vindictive legislation.
Why should this article pay sixty or seventy per
cent, more than other articles of the same kind
pioduced from the same material? I cannot get
the Senator from Ohio to tell me where to put m
my amendment, and I shall have to put it in at
random. 1 do not know that it makes much dif-
ference, for I do not suppose anyone will under-
stated this bill after it is passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Put it in after the word
"coal."
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well. I move after
the word " coal," in line eleven of section three,
to insert " wood-screws."
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator proposes to
leave them subject to the tax imposed in the law
of last session.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes; ten per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not mean
to except them from the tax imposed by the law
to which this act is an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly not. I mean to
leave them at ten per cent., while all other articles
of the same class pay but six per cent.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Senator
from Rhode Island, in regard to the legislation of
last year, that I took some part in the discussion
when it took place and the ten per cent, was im-
posed on wood-screws. It was not intended by
me ccrtainly as vindictive or oppressive legisla-
tion. 1 happened to have some knowledge in
regard to the subject that guided me 'to this judg-
ment, namely, that without injury to the interest
that was engaged in producing this article, be-
cause of the remarkable invention of which they
were in possession, and the superior article they
produced, the consumption would bear the in-
creased tax without injury to the producers.
They have gone into universal use; nothing can
compete with them; and my idea was that those
who used wood-screws the world over oould
afford to pay the increase. I think, though, that
the exception the Senator now asks for is equally
reasonable, and I shall vote with him for it; but
there was no intention of oppressing that industry.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will explain what 1 meant
by vindictive legislation. It was that you put
on this article double the tax that you did on
similararticles, and then when the tariff bill came
the Senate refused to make a corresponding in-
ciease of the duty on the foreign article.
Mr. CONNESS. That I think was a mistake.
Mr. ANTHONY. That was vindictive legis-
lation, as though there was something wicked in
this aiticle of manufacture, and you wished to
put it down.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no recollection of the
Senate refusing to give a corresponding protec-
tion, although I believe that the protection'found
in this invention is suffieientof itself.
Mr. ANTHONY. They steal our patents in
England.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator replies that they
have stolen the patents in England. I shall vote
with him on the tariff bill to give the necessary
protection, and I think his present amendment is
a reasonable one and ought to be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I am sorry that I cannotcon-
cur with the Senator from California. There is
nothing vindictive about this legislation. I sup-
pose the reason why an extra amount was levied
upon these articles was, first, that it could be col-
lected, as the Senator fiom Rhode Island has al-
ready told us, off three persons, and hence there
is very little expense attending its collection.
Then, in the second place, it is more equally dis-
tributed over the country and among the citizens
of the country than probablyany tax thatcan be
conceived of on anyiron manufacture. There is
not a hovel or a palace in the whole country that
does not use these wood-screws, and exactly in
proportion to the value of the mansion or whatever
may be erected. These manufacturers in Rhode
island are merely our agents in collecting the
amount that we levy upon them,and they collect
it off everybody in the world more uniformly and
more universally and more equally than any other
tax is collected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 13.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer an amendment
to come in on page 25, line six hundred and six,
after the word articles," in the beginning of the
line:
And by inserting in the ?ame proviso, after the words
"thread, yam, or warps," the woids " imported oi."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
explained.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The originalactin the
second proviso to the paragraph referred to in
this part ofthe bill reads;
" Provided further, That any cloth or fabric as aforesaid,
when made of thread, yam, or warps upon wiucli a duty
as aforesaid shall have been assessed and paid, shall be
assessed and pay duty on the increased value only thereof.5'
This amendment is intended to place on the
same footing the same class of goods which have
paid an import duty. By looking to the previous
clauses the words " duty "and "tax" are em-
ployed and used in such a way as if it was meant
to discriminate between the two, but afterward
the same two words are used,evidently applying
only to the internal revenue tax. This amend-
ment is simply to correct the interpretation of the
assessors, that goods which have paid an import
duty should not have the benefit of this proviso.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to know
whether I understand this amendment. Take a
single instance for illustration, the article of bur-
laps, which pay an import duty of twenty-five
per cent. When they come to be manufactured,
will this duty apply to the whole manufactured
article or only to us increased value?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This is the tax or duty
on the thread, yarn, or warps out of which goods
arc made. I offer the amendment principally in
