THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
lhat country whenever her service may seem to
'Require it. *
, ' It may not be improper for me to state some-
thing in relation to the early progress of this ques--
*ion in committee and out of committee. It was
mv-nrivilege early in this war to know something
hi the barbarities of the enemy toward our'sol-
Jiers. , It has since been my privilege to know
something of the progress of this question of re-
taliation in committee and out of committee. It
-Was early agitated there. One of its distinguished
fr&mbcrs wascallcd upon to make a report upon
the-subject long before it was agitated in the Sen-
ate. When he was about ready to make that re-
port, the subject was agitated in the Senate by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] and the Sena-
• utor from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who suggested a
t&UffSQ of action upon it, and their propositions
xvcre referred to that committee. The Senator
from Ohiohas informed you that when this reso-
lution was first presented to the Senate they were
^unanimous, or he thought they were, in reference
to this subject. The Senator was mistaken.
- Mr. WADE. I do not think I said the Senate
.were unanimous.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I mean the committee. .
•• Mr. WAtyE. I supposed so.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 did not think it then neces-
sary to interrupt the Senator, as 1 believed that
in the progress of the debate that fact would be-
come known to the Senate. But, sir, the Senate,
in the modifications of the resolution before them,
have arrived very much at the same conclusion
to which their committee had arrived. The res-
olution which came from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was presented not so much as a prop-
osition expressing the views and opinions of that
committee as with a view to place the subject be-
fore the Senate, that they might act upon it as
they thought proper under the circumstances.
That proposition lias been presented to the Sen-
ate; it has received modifications; it has been
curtailed, and almost e/ntirely separated from its'
objectionable features, i do riot know that I
should refuse to vote for it in its present shape.
There arc, however, some objections to it; and
it does seem to me that a proposition so im-
portant, a proposition which affects so much the
interest, the feeling, and the policy of the coun-
try, should be recommitted to that committee, and
•that that committee, with the benefit of there-
marks that have been made and the propositions
which have been suggested, should present to the
Senate and the country something upon which
Senators can act so that hereafter no one will ever
regret the act or the vote which he gave upon it.
6ir, the recommendations which have come
from eminent Senators from New Eogland, and
from the Senator from Ohio, advising barbarous
treatment to rebel prisoners on account of bar-
barities practiced toward ours can find no sym-
pathy in the people they represent. I believe if
there was established in either of those States a
camp for rebel prisoners, and it was duly guarded
by persons who would treat lebel piisoncrs with
the barbarities suggested in the beginning of this
debate, lhat the men who practiced them upon
defenseless prisoners would have no place in those
States.
Eaily in the history of this war it was my
privilege to have intimate and near friends con-
nected with the Army. It was my good fortune
to be with them upon the battle-field. I saw many
of them wounded, others struck down. The pa-
triotic people of my State demanded of me that
their remains should be returned to the State; that
the ground of that State should be hallowed by
their bones and remains; that their history should
be a. part of that of the State. In obedience to
that demand I traveled with a proper escort to en-
deavor to secure their bodies; and what did I find ?
I found that the friends whom I had left wounded
upon the battle-field had been murdered after we
had left. 1 found the dead that we were obliged
to leave upon the battle-field with their faces
downward as a mark of indignity. I found the
heads of the bravest and best of my companions
severed from their bodies to be used as drinking
cups by southern rebels. Of the remains of some
of the best, most intelligent, and bravest officers
that ever served any cause, 1 found but the por-
tion left from a bonfire.
The proposition now would be that the Amer-
ican troops and American generals should retali-
ate practices of that character upon rebel soldiers
either upon the battle-field or in the prison camp.
I could not, in the beginning, agree to that propo-
sition, I asked of the men who represented those
dead heroes that, instead of imitating the exam-
ple of the enemy, they should prove themselves
better and braver soldiers upon the battle-field;
they should show by their courage and their en-
durance that they were better and higher in the
glorious cause in which they were engaged; that
they would perform With that motive before them
ten thousand times more of service to the country
than they could with their hands covered with
deeds so black as those which it was proposed to
avenge.
Sir, the cause of this treatment of our men by
the rebels has not been so thoroughly understood
as it might have been. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] has suggested to you the good ef-
fects that have been produced by our retaining the
rebel prisoners in our hands. I agree heartily
with the suggestion that he made early in this
debate. I know something of the disposition of
our people early in tins war to let their blows
strike lightly upon the head of this rebellion. I
know that the disposition of our soldiers was not
to form their lines as steadily as they should, and
to do the real, hard service that was demanded of
them. This treatment has been practiced by the
rebels upon Union soldiers to bring about the very
result that has been brought about, and that is,
an exchange of prisoners. It was known that the
exchange proposed between this GovernmGntand
the authorities of rebeldom was unfair; it was
known that thev captured private citizens and
endeavored to offset them with our soldiers. Wc
refused to agree to it; and these retaliatory meas-
ures on their part have been the means of produ-
cing the results which have come to us in the
newspapers and otherwise.
1 do not mean to apologize in any way for these
barbarities, but this much I will say: that the re-
fusal of this Government to exchange has wrought
up the soldiers of our armies and the people to
the prosecution of this war with an energy un-
known to any other people; and the victories of
Nashville, the campaign of Atlanta, the splendid
success of Savannah, consummated by the cap-
ture of Port Fisher, may be as much owing to the
sacrifices and sufferings of our brave men in rebel
prisons as to any other cause. While I will not
for a momentupon this floor apologize in the least
for the barbarities of this cruel foe, I yetsee some-
thing in the course they have pursued to the ad-
vantage of this country, and a greater reason not
to imitate their example. Sir, there will be no
individuals or families who will receive from the
people of this country more real respect and ado-
ration than will go forth from the whole people
to these suffering heroes, 1 believe it has been
their fortune, suffering as they have, to do more
mil service to their country in this, its greatest
emergency, than ten thousand times the efforts
of any other of our citizens. 1 believe that if you
had put upon our advancing armies the strength
that we have withheld in our pi ison camps, if you
had put the thirty or forty thousand lebel tioops
whom we held as prisoners again in aims against
this Government and against our soldiws, the ic-
sult of their efforts would have put back the suc-
cess of this contest for years, and would have pro-
duced more suffering and more disastrous effects
than the suffering that has been brought on our
heroes and martyrs in southern prisons.
it was my province on Sunday evening to lis-
ten to the addresses before the Christian Com-
mission—a commission which is part and parcel
of the country's cause and of the country's he-
roes. We there heard an address from the person
whose testimony was presented to the Senate yes-
terday morning. What was his advice? Not
that which is recommended by the Senator from
Ohio. He suggested no such thing, although cog-
nizant of all the brutalities that have been spoken
of for the last twenty-two months. " But," said
he, " will you place over rebel prisoners men who
have suffered, men who have been brutalized, men
who for twenty-two months have been so im-
paired in their intellectual and physical capacity
as to be not men, but brutes? Would you place
such men over defenseless prisoners? 1 advise
retaliation thus far, to prevent these barbarities;
but my instincts, and the instincts of every pa-
triotic officer in the service, and of every true man,
are against it. Arrange a system, perfect it, bring
it to the.proper authorities, bring it to the Presi-
dent of the United States, to all men who have an
opportunity to act in the matter, and to act quickly;
but do not brutalize your acts, do not become
savages, because savages are around you; but in-
stitute some measures of retaliation." That, sir,
is the evidence which comes to us,and which we
are advised to receive as the testimony of a man
who has witnessed these sufferings.
Sir, I shall occupy the attention of the Senate
no longer. 1 desire that this resolution, with all
the amendments which have been proposed to it,
shall be recommitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, from whence it originated. 1 believe
that such a reference is eminently proper. I be-
lieve that no hasty resolutions should come from
any individual or from any set of individuals in
this Senate upon a question so important as this,
until some committee or some organized body
shall have the matter before them and suggest
something proper in the case. Let the committee
suggest what is proper to the Senate, and let us
then act upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to express my thanks
to the Senator from Rhode Island, not only for
the practical humanity hut for the practical wis-
dom of his remarks. He is right on the question
of humanity, soldier and Senator as he is. He
is right, also, on the question of the reference. A
matter of so much importance, debated so many
days, with regard to which there have been so
many conflicting opinions, so many different
propositions, differing fiom each other more or
jess, ought not to be acted upon without the in-
tervention of a committee of this body. It is for
just such a case as this that we have committees,
who, as we are told by parliamentary authors,
in familiar words, are the eyes and ears of the
body. Never, sir, was there an occasion when
eyes and ears were more wanted than on a prop-
osition which has been the subject of such a con-
flicting discussion. If there was a general har-
mony in the statements on this subject, if these
differences had not been developed day by day
in the discussion, then I should say, let us act
directly on the proposition; but, under the cir-
cumstances of the case, I say that it is accoiding
to parliamentary usage and according to common
sense that this question should go to a committee.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not hold
myself responsible for the fate of this resolution.
It is under the care of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] and he knows how to take care of
it. It is not his habit to put any of his children
to a charity school. And if only the fate of this
resolution were at stake I should not trouble tho
Senate with another word during this debate.
But I have sat here, Mr. President, four or five
days, and heard for the first time in my life my-
self arraigned and prosecuted for a want of hu-
manity. I have said that i did not hold myself
responsible for the fate of the resolution, but I
hold myself responsible for the support 1 give it;
and, if I may be allowed to make use of an ex-
pression which is not so much in vogue in this
Senate Chamber as it used to be, I wish to say
that I hold myself " personally responsible" for
it. Sir, I did not come to the Senate of the United
States to be taught what was or was not humane,
and I am not likely to learn it here, 1 fear. If I
know anything about it now, or if I ever shall,
I learned it before I came here; and I did not
learn it from the jurists,.nor from the publicists,
nor from the poets. What little sentiment of hu-
manity i have I acquired before 1 was put to the
schools; I acquired it when I was put to my
mother's breast; and 1 beg leave to tell the Senate
that so many of them as have not drawn their
notions of humanity from the same great fount-
ain had better not parade their humanity here
too freely, for it is not reliable.
Day after day, during this debate, every one of
those who have asked you in the name of facts
which make the nation shudder to do something
to put an end to these enormities have been held
up as criminals against the holiest dictates of hu-
manity, as offenders against the religion of the
land, as criminals in the judgment of civihzcd
mankind; and Senators read us authorities here
to prove it. When the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] harangued the Senate on Sat-
urday last against barbarity, I enjoyed the occa-
sion as much as any man who listened to him.
