1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mr
I like to see great faculties put face to face with
great infamy, and I do not enjoy the spectacle
any the less because the infamy is imaginary and
riot real; I think I enjoy it the better for that very
reason. I think I would better like to see John
C. Heenan sparring with a dummy than with Tom
Sayers, because you can see the play of the muscle
and the spring of the sinew just as well, and the
beauty of the spectacle is not marred by hearing
any groans or seeing any bruised and lacerated
flesh. So I say I enjoyed the occasion the other
day all the better because there was not any real
barbarity here for the Senator from Massachu-
setts to hit. I liked to see him strike out at it all
the better because of that fact; and he admitted
that it was not here. He said that the proposi-
tion before the Senate had been so changed that
there was nothing left of it but the name retalia-
tion. Against the specific proposition before the
Senate he had not a word to say in behalf of hu-
manity, of Christianity,of civilization, of poetry,
or of philosophy; but he could not forbear the
opportunity to impress upon the Senate and the
world the notion that some of us here had been,
at some previous time, defending a measure which
was full of barbarity, which was but an imitation
of that of which we complain.
Sir, was that fair and just toward those who
have differed from him here on the floor of the
Senate? Was it just and fair toward that Sen-
ator who has brought forward this proposition,
and consented to its being put into this form, [Sir.
Wade,] in order to convince the Senate and to
convince the world that he did not intend and did
not attempt any of those measures which have
been ascribed to him? He sees and consents to
his own resolution being remodeled and remod-
eled, until now they who carp at it most and crit-
icise it most bitterly can point to no ugly feature
in it. But was it fair to say to him that he had
ever been the advocate of anything that was mon-
strous or barbarous? What he intended, if it
were not proved by the language of the resolution
which he originally introduced, is abundantly
proved by his consenting to its being put into
language against which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts can file no protest whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. I made my protest in my
remarks.
JMr. HOWE. Against this resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. Then I misunderstood the Sen-
ator's remarks, and have misread them. I say,
Mr. President, that authorities have been brought
forward here to convict us who support this res-
olution of barbarity and of inhumanity. They
are not witnesses to the point; they are not fairly
treated, and we are not fairly treated by their be-
ing produced here.
The Senator from Massachusetts read to us an
extract from a recent speech of the lamented Ev-
erett. It is to be noticed that the Senator—and
that was fair iri him; it is entirely allowable by
the rules of debate—took pains to eulogize every
witness whom he introduced here. I do not com-
plain of that; but if you will consent to look abide
fiom the characterof the witnessesand just listen
to what they state, I shall not feel at all incul-
pated by the testimony they give. Mr. Everett
says—speaking, if I do not mistake the occasion,
before a public meeting called to concert meas-
ures for furnishing relief, not to_starving piison-
ers, but to a hungry population in Savannah—
" I believe that the be?t way in which we can retaliate
upon {lie South for tiie cruel treatment ot' our pii,-oners is
lor us 10 eoutnmc. to treat their prisoners with entire hu-
manity and all reasonable kindness,and not only so. hut to
seize every opportunity like the present to go beyond this."
He was not talking to the resolution which the
Senator from Ohio has been defending, or to any
modification of that resolution before the Senate;
he was talking to a public meeting in behalf of a
public charity, appealing purely to the benevo-
lence of those who heard him, and appealing to
that benevolcnce for a specific purpose. lie was
not talking to a legislature having to grapple with
a monstrous crime; he was not attempting to in-
struct us upon the doctrines of international law.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in mind
that he lays down the rule of international law
there. It was for that that I quoted the passage,
not for the sentiment, not for the eloquence.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator reminds me that the
witness laid down the rule of international law.
Let us see in what terms and from what stand-
point he did it:
"Indeed, it is no more than our duty lo treat the pris-
oner well. The law of nations requires it."
Unquestionably it requires it.
"The Government that lefuses or neglects it does not
deserve the name of civilized."
Does any man doubt that when Mr. Everett
struck that,point in his remarks and made that
observation, he had in his mind, not the conduct
of our Government, but the'conduct of those au-
thorities against which we remonstrate and pro-
test to-day? From that point onward he com-
menced to arraign, not ourGovernment nor any-
thing we had done, nor anything we proposed to
do, but he commenced to arraign the rebel author-
ities for their violations of the law-of nations:
"The Government that refines or neglects it doe<« not
deseive tlw; name of civilized. Even inability is no justi-
fication. If you are youusell so exhausted that you cannot
supply your pi^onor with a sufficient quantity of whole-
some food, you are bound, with or without exchange, to set
linn free."
Speaking manifestly with direct reference to the
action and to the excuses, not of our own Gov-
ernment, butofthe rebel authorities. But he lays
down the law correctly. Who disputes it? It is
the duty of a nation to treat its prisoners well.
That is the law. The exception to the law isjust
such a case as is presented here, when we are not
to prescribe treatment as a mere end, but when
we are to prescribe treatment as a means to an end.
I am asked by the Senator from Massachusetts
to read the last sentence. I will:
"You have no more light to starve than to poison him.
It will, however, be borne 111 mind that while the haid fare
of our prisoners is defended by the southern leaders on the
gtoiind that it is as pood a? thatot their own soldier, at the
t«ame time they maintain that their haivests are abundant
and then atmies well ted."
"You have no more right to starve than to
poison him," says the witness, speaking still not
to our Government but to the rebel authorities
who alone have starved; speaking evidently to
them, because he goes on to say that the justifi-
cation which the rebel authorities make for that
starvation is utterly untenable:
" It will, however, he borne in mind that, while the hard
fare ofoui prisoners is defended by the southern leaders on
the xiound that it is a  good a-sthatof theirown soldiers, at
the same time they maintain that their harvests are abun-
dant and then aimies well led."
The next witness 
Mr. SUMNER. Finish that passage from Mr.
Everett, if vou please.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will.
"There i> no meiit treating a prisoner with common
humanity; n is simply infamous and wicked to treat him
oihe) wise."
Mr. SUMNER. That is the point: that is the
law of nations.
Mr. HOWE. The law of nations! We are
not disputing about what the law of nations is.
The simple question is, upon whom was Mr.
Everett enforcing the laws of nations ? Upon the
Senate of the United States or upon the rebel au-
thorities? If the Senator insists that he was in-
structing the Senate of the United States in refer-
ence to our action upon this resolution, I dilFer
from him altogether. The evidence to the con-
trary is patent upon the face of the extract.
Again, Piofessor Francis Lieber is placed upon
the stand; a competent witness, says the Senator,
upon a question of international law. Undoubt-
edly competent; and if it had been his purpose
or his aim to instruct us in international law i
should have listened to what he said with as much
respect as the Senator fi om Massachusetts or any-
body else. Piofessor Lieber says:
" No mawkish sentimentality has induced the writer to
cxpiess his views. II« has had dear friends in those south-
ern pens, which have become the very ^mbois of revolt-
ing haibautv, but he desires, for this very reason, that the
subject be weighed u ithout passion, which utver counsels
well ; (specially without the passion of men1 vengeance.
Let us bung down this general call for retaliation to prac-
tical and detailed measures. It is Mippoacd, then, that re-
taliation i> resolved upon, what next?"
Now, admitting that Professor Lieber is abun-
dantly competent to testify upon a rule of inter-
national law, yet if he is asked to testify whether
a given measure is within or without the rules of
international law, it would be necessary for him
to show not merely that he understands what
international law commands and what it pro-
hibits, but also thatheunderstandswhatthespe-
cific measure is. 1 would, therefore, before I gave
implicit credit to the testimony of Professor Lie-
ber on this point, want to examine him on his
voir dire; I should want to know whether he un-
derstood the measure upon which the Senate is
deliberating as well as that he understands the
code about winch he undertakes to instruct us.
He shows manifestly in this instance that he does
not understand the measure which'is before the
Senate; for he says, bringing it down to practice:
" It is supposed, then, that retaliation is resolved upon ;
what next? The order is given to harass, starve, expose,
and torture, say twenty thousand prisoners in our hands
until their bones pierce the skin, and they die idiots ia
their filth."
Professor Lieber, well as he understands in-
ternational law, does not at all understand the
measure before the Senate. No such command
(as has been repeatedly pointed out) could issue
upon the enactmentof this resolution in any form
in which it has been proposed. It has no retro-
spective action whatever; it looks steadily to the
future. It does not propose to starve any man
in the world; it proposes simply to put an end,
a final and speedy end, to starvation. The com-
mand would not go to take twenty thousand men
or one man and starve him until his bones pierced
through tbe skin and he died in his own filth.
The command would simply go to the men who
have been practicing these enormities, who have
been engaged in the wholesale work of starvation,
to stop it. To stop it at what peril? At the peril
that if they do not commence to feed our pris-
oners in their hands, we will withdraw the rations
which we are daily meting out to their prisoners
in our hands. And the command does not go to
our agents; it goes to the agents of that rebel
organization.
Mr. President, Senators, steadily shutting their
eyes and ears to what this resolution says, and
what it means, have contrived to give it a bad
name. Nay, 1 do not find any fault with the
name; the name is well enough. They call it
not merely retaliation, which it is, but retaliation
in kind. I do not complain so much of the name
they give it as the manner in which they treat
that name, if the Senator from Massachusetts,
in the tragic mood in which he spoke the other
day, had seen fit to call it the balm of a thousand
roses, it would have sounded bad to almost all
listeners. No matter what name you call a thing
by, if you cram your countenance chock full of
horror, rind throw a sepulchral tone into your
voice, it will sound bad, no doubt. But it is after
all only retaliation. There is nothing bad about
retaliation. All say that. It is strictly in accord-
ance with the laws of nations. All acknowledge
that.
Well, let us admit that what we propose here
is retaliation in kind; is there anything bad about
retaliation in kind, like for like ? What is retali-
ation in kind? if they assassinate a man,retal-
iation in that case would be to execute a man. If
they take a tooth, retaliation in that case would be
to take another, if they tear your jacket, retali-
ation in that case would be to tearanother jacket.
Necessarily, retaliation in kind is not awful, is
it? In reference to the particular evil with which
we have to deal, I beg leave to say that retaliation
in kind not only is not the terrible enormity it is
held to be, but it is the mildest species of retali-
ation that you can apply.
Senators all tell us that retaliation is right;
retaliation is entirely in accord with the law of
nations; retaliation is abundantly indorsed by civ-
ilization, by Christianity, by Professor Lieber,
and by the Senator from Massachusetts. Re-
taliation is all right, but you must mark the lim-
itations, says the Senator from Massachusetts.
And what are they? That you must not be in-
human? No; but you may be humane, I take
it. You must not starve a prisoner. We do not
want to starve any one. We are trying to sub-
serve a humane purpose. We do not mean to
be driven from it. But what sort of retaliation,
I put it to the common sense of the Senate, can
possibly be applied to the evil which we mean to
prevent, but retaliation in kind ?
Sir, what do we want to do ? There is no venge-
ance hinted at in anything which is proposed
to the Senate. We simply wish to put an end to
an enormity. We are about to enact a lav/, not
to command citizens within the reach of our pro-
cess, but to command a people beyond the reach
of our process. We want them to give food and
