THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
continued flame between the contending armies,
until these commissioners meet to consult in ref-
erence to the great boon of peace.
It is peace, sir, that this country wants. Give
us peace, and no Federal soldiers will ever again
rot in confederate bastiles or prisons, or starve in
confederate pens. Give us peace, and the mother
whose aching heart and streaming eyes you now
witness will bless you for your deed. Give us
peabei'and instead of these acts of barbarism of
which we hear, your land shall again bloom and
Blossom as the rose. Sir, in the place of retali-
atory measures, in the stead of resorting to acts
of Cruelty to meet acts of cruelty, and to pi-event
them in the future, I propose that your commis-
sioners meet, arid I invoke you, if this be the honest
aim of the President of the United States, lend him
your willing and cordial aid; and then, sir, you
■will have no need for retaliation; then, sir, your
soldiers no longer will be starved or murdered or
ill treated, but they shall return to their homes
long left, to cheer their families, to rejoice again
thatpeace blesses the land, and that theircountry
does not require any further sacrifice of life or
blood upon their part.
1 have said, Mr. President, more than I in-
tended to gay. I suggest, instead of all such
measures as this, a cordial cofiperation by the
Congress of the United Stales with the Executive,
if indeed he is engaged in that work, in restoring
peace to a distracted land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to venture
an opinion upon this resolution. It has been pre-
sented in almost every aspect of which the sub-
ject is at all capable. I desire, however, to urge
upon the Senate to dispose of this question to-
night. I think there is no view of it but what
has been already presented. There are one or
two bills that 1 desire to have acted upon to-mor-
row. 1 hope, therefore, we may have a vote upon
the pending propositions without a word being
said. 1 shall express my opinion by my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
• on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] to recommit the resolution with
all the amendments and proposed amendments to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile. Davis, Hendricks, Powell,
Rlcliaidson, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Van Winkle,
and Wright—10.
NAYS—Meat's. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Cowan, Dixon, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmlth, 1'omerov, Riunsay, Sherman,
Ten Eyck, VVade, Wilkinson, and VVillr.y—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, liuctalew, Doolittle, Far-
well, Foot, Grimes, Harding, Hicks, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Boiignll, Bpragne, Trumbull, and Wilson—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
Mr. SUMNER. To that amendment I have
a further amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like, with the con-
sent of the Senator from Massachusetts, to have
it read as it now stands. I do not know that I
• understand it in its present form.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to read it my-
self. The proposition as moved by the Senator
from Ohio, by way of amendment to the resolu-
tion of the committee, is to insert as follows:
And that the executive and military authoiities of the
United States are hereby directed to retaliate upon the
prisoners of the enemy in such manner and kind as shall
he effective in deterring hitn from the perpetration m fu-
ture of cruel and barbarous treatment of our soldiers.
At the suggestion of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] the words " and kind" were
struck out, and instead thereof were inserted the
words " in conformity with the laws of nations
and the proposition of the Senator from Ohio now
stands in that form. It no longer requires retal-
iation in kind; but it does require retaliation in
conformity with the laws of nations. When I
had the honor of addressing the Senate on Sat-
urday, I took the liberty of making a comment
on that language. 1 characterized it as inade-
quate. It does not go far enough; it is dry; it is
not sufficiently specific. Still further, sir, it is
not in conformity with the precedents of our his-
tory. I then stated that if no other person made
the motion, I should feel it my duty, before final
action on this measure, to move a modification of
this proposition so as to bring it m harmony with
the precedents of our history, and also to make
it, as I think, duly effective and applicable on this
occasion. If you refer to the past precedent of
our history, I mean the act of March 3, 1813,
entitled "An act vesting in the President of the
United States the power of retaliation," you will
see that this is the language employed:
"The President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to cause full and ample retaliation to be made, accord-
ing to the laws and usages of war among civilized nations."
And if Senators remember the eloquent re-
marks to which they listenedonly afewmoments
ago from the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane]
they cannot have forgotten how forcibly, more
than once, he insisted that our resolution now
required a retaliation in conformity with the laws
of civilized nations. Now, sir, I propose to bring
the resolution in harmony with the Senator's
speech; in harmony with the precedents of our
history; m harmony also with humanity. I
move, therefore, to insert in the resolution, as it
now stands, after the word " laws," in the twen-
ty-eighth line, the phrase, "and usages of war
among civilized," and then the sentence goes on,
" nations;" so that it will read: " in conformity
with the laws and usages of war among civilized
nations."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have not the slightest
objection to that, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. How will it read then ?
Mr. WADE. Let us hear how it will read as
proposed to be amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And that the executive and military authorities of the Uni-
ted Slates arc hereby directed to retaliate upon the prisoners
of the enemy in such manner, in conformity with the laws
and usages of war among civilized nations, as shall be effect-
ive in deterring him from the perpetration in tuture of cruel
and barbarous treatment of our soldiers.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand, sir,
upon what ground it is that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts insists that that particular phraseology
is supported by historical precedent in the United
States. As used in the statute which he assumes
to quote, it had a certain significance, because that
statute directing retaliation was aimed, as the Sen-
ator perfectly well knows, if he knows anything
of the history of the war of 1812, at the barbarities
committed by the British, not only by the British
military authorities, as a. civilized military force,
butatbaibarities committed by their Indian allies
who were employed to assist the British arms in
prosecuting that war. Hence Congress, when
they enacted this statute of 1813, desiring to pun-
ish by some fitting retaliation these Indian barbari-
ties committed upon American soldiers, enacted
that the retaliation should be in accordance with
the laws of civilized nations, in contradistinction
undoubtedly from the laws and usages of savage
nations, which prevailed among those tribes which
weie in league with the British. That, and that
only, is the reason for the incorporation in that
statute of the phrase " civilized nations."
There is no occasion for its introduction in the
present resolution at all. We do not deny that
the rebel confederacy are a civilized community.
It is not denied here that they arc a Christianized
community. They are educated in the same
moral and religious principles as ourselves. They
have everheretofore been regarded as a part of the
civilized world, and are still regarded as such.
Why then does the Senator from Massachusetts
seek to characterize them as being savages, and
not a part and parcel of the civilized world ? It
seems to me that this is carrying the poetic jus-
tice a little beyond the line of truth.
But, sir, as to historical precedents, I refer
again, as 1 did the other day, to the precedent
set by the Congress of 1799, at the time that
General1 Washington was President of the Uni-
ted States. The language in that statute is this:
{'That it shall be lawful tor the President of the United
States, and he is hereby empowered and required, to cause
the most rigorous retaliation to be exercised on any such
Citizens of the Fieneh Republic as have been, or hereaf-
ter may be, captuied m pursuance of any of the laws of
tfic United ^States.,,
There, sir, was General Washington's retalia-
tion; there was the kind of retaliation which was
enacted by the Congress of 1799; and in that we
hear nothing said about the usages of civilized
nations. Congress then took it for granted that
the French people, against whom this retaliation
was launched were a civilized, Christianized peo-
ple, and they did not assume to treat them as
mere savages, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts now assumes to treat the rebels in arms
against the United States.
I ho^e, sir, that this amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, which has no object or aim
aside from the mere attempt to stigmatize the
rebels as savages, and nothing but savages, a fact
which is not true except in the fancy of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, will not be adopted.
There is no necessity for it. It is as much out of
the line of American precedents, because it has
but one precedent to stand upon, as is the reso-
lution as offered now by the Senator from Ohio.
Let us stick to the resolution as now agreed to
by the Senator from Ohio and reject all these
useless and trivial amendments.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I voted for the recom-
mitment of this resolution in the hope that, if
recommited, the language of it might be some-
what amended. As it stands now, it appears to
contradict itself. It proceeds to say that it has
become justifiable that the President should retali-
ate, and then goes on and directs the executive
and military authorities to retaliate, and then con-
cludes by saying that it is not intended to limit
or restrict the President. It appears to me that
the words, "the President," should be used in
all cases instead of "the executive and military
authorities."
I am in favor of the amendment justofFered by
the Senator from Massachusetts; but I will call
his attention, and I will call the attention of the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] to the fact
that, with his amendment in it, a further amend-
ment is needed in the latter part of the resolution.
The amendment of the Senator from Maine is,
that this retaliation shall be in conformity with
the laws of nations. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts extends that a little further, and says it
shall be in conformity to the laws and usages of
civilized nations. Then the resolution goes on
to say, to defeat both, that it is not intended by
this resolution "to limit or restrict the power of
the President to the modes or principles of retali-
ation herein mentioned." 1 understand that as
distinctly affirming that it is not intended by this
resolution to restrict the President to the modes
and usages of civilized nations in the piinciples
of retaliation. Jt was for these reasons that I
voted to recommit this resolution to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I under-
stand the amendment and its effect upon the res-
olution as it was originally before us at the time
the amendment was offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
request that it be again read ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
resolution as it will stand if amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment of the Senator from Ohio as
it will stand if the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts should be adopted.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
And that the executive and military authorities of the
United States are hereby directed to retaliate upon thepus-
onersof the enemy m such manner, in cnnloiimty with the
laws and usages of war among civilized nations, a-s shall
be effective in deterring him from the perpetiatinn, in fu-
tures of cruel and barbarous treatment of our soldiers.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the rest? Is that
the end of the resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the amend-
ment pending.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is, but I want to
hear what follows. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read on.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Congress do not, however, intend by this resolution to
limit or restrict the power of the President to the modes or
principles of retaliation herein mentioned, but only to ad-
vise and require a resort to them as demanded by the oc-
casion.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite obvious, if this
