522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
dare say that opinion will be respected by the
.Administration after it is expressed. The sim-
ple question is, whether Congress is in favor of
an early exchange of prisoners. It mitigates the
sufferings and the barbarities of war; it is a
proper thing; and it is a subject upon which it is
proper for Congress to express an opinion; and
it cannot be said to be a criticism upon the Ad-
ministration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. As the resolution has
now been amended, itcoversall the points covered
by the amendment that I offered iri the early part
of this discussion except orie.and that is, thatthe
President be requested to procure an amendment
of the existing cartel by which commissaries of
prisoners may be authorized to visit our prison-
ers in the hands of the rebels, to promote their
comfort, examine into their condition, and make
such suggestions to him as may be deemed neces-
sary to enforce humane treatment by the insur-
gents. ,
• The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
offer that as a separate resolution?
' Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; I move to
amend the resolution by adding the following as
an additional section:
Jtnd be it further resolved, That the President be re-
quested to procure an amendment to the existing cartel Uy
winch eominl&saries of prisoners may be authorized to visit
our prisoners in the hands of the rebels, to promote titeir
comfort, examine into their condition, and to make such
suggestions to linn as may be deemed necessary to enforce
hutiiane treatment by the insurgents.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be adopted.
There is no necessity whatever for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot for my life see
what objection there can be to a proposition of
this sort. We are here instructing the President
to retaliate under certain circumstances. As I
stated the other day—and I read from the books
to establish the position—it lias been common for
the last two hundred years to have these com-
missaries of prisoners ill the enemy's country.
During the war between us and Great Britain, in
18J2, 1813, and 1814, wo had a commissary of
prisoners at Halifax looking after the condition
of our prisoners and making suggestions in re-
gard to their comfort.
Our object, as I understand it, is to make the
rebels treat our prisoners properly. Suppose
they insist that they will not exchange, I want
to know what their treatment is in order that the
President may bo advised in regard to this mat-
ter. Howis itpossiblefor the President to know
how to retaliate unless he has men to look into the
condition of the prisoners and report the facts to
him? There can be no objection in the world to
a proposition of this sort. It is not treating with
the rebels. I will not disagree with the Senator
from Ohio on that point. 1 do not want to treat
with Jefferson Davis. This is not treating for
pence. The proposition is to procure an amend-
ment to the existing cartel. If this requires treat-
ing with the rebels, we have treated with them,
because we have a cartel on the subject of the
exchange of prisoners. Why not in the name
of sense provide in some way that men may go
there and look after our prisoners?
Mr. WADE. I wish to know if we have not
just such a thing now. Are not our commis-
sioners there now under the cartel as it exists,
carrying provisions and clothing to our prison-
ers? They do not always get them, as the proof
shows; but have we not men there?
Mr. HENDERSON. If that be the case, why
is it that the President the other day released
sonto men in order to act as commissaries for
their prisoners, and why is it that they released
some of our men to act as commissanes for our
prisoners? It strikes me as being the most re-
markable thing on the face of the earth that there
should be any objection to this proposition of
mine. I do not want you to treat with rebels;
I am not asking for anything of that sort. I am
not asking now that we treat with them about
terms of peace. This is an entirely different thing.
Humanity requires that we look to the condition
of our soldiers in the hands of the rebels; all the
piinciples of civilized society demand that we
should do something to ameliorate the condition
of our prisoners in their hands. There is a vast
number of them there. Some difficulty has taken
place in relation to the exchange. In the name
of sense is there anything objectionable in hav-
ing men to go there to look into the condition of
our prisoners, not to get upon their knees and beg
of Jefferson Davis, but to demand as a right in
the name of civilization, that our prisoners shall
be properly treated. We have a right to demand
it. The laws of nations guaranty it to civilized
people. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
be adopted. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any difficulty in
that matter now? May not the President send
such commissioners now ? I think we ought not
to belittle so grave a resolution as one in favor of
retaliation—always a grave measure—by coup-
ling with it any subordinate matter of this kind.
It can be done by the President under the existing
laws.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The remark,of the Sen-
ator from Ohio will apply to the whole proposition
as now amended on the motion of his colleague,
because the resolution as amended recognizes the
whole matter as being within the province of the
Executive, and is merely advisory to the Execu-
tive as to how he shall discharge his particular
office, and this again is a matter of advice. That
being conceded, we have been for a week talking
about a thing that does not belong to the province
of the Senate or House of Representatives, but
belongs to the province of the Executive, and
undertaking to give advice to the Piesident of the
United States, who has charge of this business,
and whose particular duty it is to see that he un-
derstands it, and that he executes his office in a
proper manner. I think we have exhausted all
these days uselessly and fruitlessly and out of our
own province. I think gentlemen have sought
this as an opportunity to say things that may be
put in print, and that may be read on the stump
some day hereafter when they may have occasion
again to seek the force of popular opinion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do honestly believe to-
day that if we adopt this amendment we shall
have no more rebel atrocities on our prisoners.
Whenever they find out that we have officers
there to look after the condition of our prisoners
and to report the facts to the country and to the
civilized world, we shall have no more of this
barbarous conduct toward our prisoners.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—lUet-srs. Carlilc, Collajucr, Cowan, Davis, Duo-
little. Font, foster, Hants, Henderson, i lend neks, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Powell, Riddle, Sumner, Ten JSyck, Vau Winkle, Willey,
Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Dixon, Far-
well, Hale, Ilarlan, Howard, Ilowe, Laneof Indiana, Mor-
rill, Ramsey, SiieLmaiijTiumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—
1C.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buekalew, Giimes,
Harding, liicks, Itichnrdson, fc>aul&l>ury,and Spiague—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE P RESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the
amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of fay
colleague,! propose to withdraw my amendment,
and in withdrawing it I wish to state that I do so
because the resolution on which the Senate is now
acting has undcigonc such modification as to be in
substantial harmony with the proposition which
i originally introduced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a verbal amendment
which, if 1 can have the attention of my friend from
Ohio, 1 wish to suggest, and that is, to strike out
the word " insurgents" in the sixth line and sub-
stitute " rebels." In speaking of them here on
this floor, we do not speak of them as insurgents;
we speak of the mas rebels, and I wish so to speak
ofthem in thisresolution. I hope my friend from
Ohio will accept the amendment.
Mr.HOWARD. I hope thatamendmentwill
not be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator is against it,I
shall not press it.
Mr. HOWARD. I am against it most decidedly.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say a word
before the final vote is taken, that I may be well
undeistood. There is nothing in the substance of
this lesolution now that I deem tit all exceptiona-
ble as far as the matter itself is concerned, and I
should riot object to it if we were called upon to
counsel the executive department of the Govern-
ment, but 1 vote against this proposition upon the
ground that it has no business either in this Hall
or in the other Hall of Congress, but belongs to a
depaitment of the Government which has full au-
thority over it, and which has not sought our ad-
vice in regard to it, and is not likely to accept that
advice unless it pleases. We have spent one full
week in fruitless conversation.
The joint resolution was ordered to-be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time*
and i
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 126) declaring
certain States not entitled to representation in the
Electoral College, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
.The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 31, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MAINTENANCE OF TII13 UNION.
. Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Presidents maintain,
in every constitutional and legal manner, the integrity of
the American Union as formed by the fathers of the Re-
public, and in no event, and under no eiieum^ianees, to
proffer or accept negotiations which shall admit liy the
remotest implication the existence of any other Federal or
Confederate Government within the territory of the United
States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 desire to know
whether it is in order to move a suspension of the
rules in order to offer this resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not. That motion can
only be made on Monday after tho morning hour.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then I give no-
tice that at the earliest opportunity, on next Mon-
day, 1 shall move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of offering this resolution.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill to
provide for the construction of a line of railway
communication betwen the cities of Washington
and New York, and to constitute the same a pub-
lic highway and a military road and postal route
of the United States, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was entered.
MESSAGE FROJI TIIE PRESIBKNT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed a joint resolution and bills of
the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 94) for the relief of Isaac
R. Diller;
An act (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of Mary
Scales Accardi;
An act (H. R. No. G22) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the Metropolitan
Railroad Company in the District of Columbia,"
approved July 1, 1864; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 99) relieving min-
eral lands from the operation of all acts passed at
the first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress
granting lands or extending the term of former
grants.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, t
their Chief Clerk, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
106) providing for the compilation of a congres-
sional Directoiy at each session ; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Maine, in favor of the amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States prohibiting slavery}
