1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
which were laid on the-table, and ordered to be
printed.
TAX ON SALES.
Mr. F. CLARKE. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That in order that the Government may have,
and the people understand, its fixed and determined policy
in lefeionee to restoring the currency of the country to its
normal value, the Committee on Ways and Means archcic-
l>y instructed to inquire into the expediency of imposing a
special tax of one percent, on all sales of the coutUiy lor
tho period of one year, and a tax of three fourths of one
per cent, tor one year thereafter, and a tax of one half of
one per cent, thereafter, until the whole miiu collectcd
t-qunls in amount tho United States noted now issued by
the Government; and that the proceeds of the tax, as it
may front time to time be collected, be especially appro-
priated to the icdemption of said notes until all are redeemed
mid canceled. And also that the Secretary of the Tieas-
uiy be authorized, at anj time aftei the elo^e of the war,
to issue bonds not having less than five not moie than forty
yoaih to run, to an amount equal to all of tho Tieasury
interest-bearing le^al-tender notes that have been or may
hcieaiter he issued, and depose of the same Jrom tune to
time a>> inuv he requned to pay said notes as they manuc
ftoiu and alter the close and teimination of the rebellion,
and lepoit by bdl or otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask my colleague to give
way until I introduce a resolution for reference.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order
of business, and will yield for no purpose.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY. Vf
The SPEAKER stated the question in order to
be the consideration of the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House, on the 14th oflast
June, rejected Senate joint resolution No. 16, sub-
mitting to the Legislatures of the several States
a proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States; arid that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McAllister] to have read a
brief statement.
Mr. McALHSTER sent to the Clerk's desk
and had read the following:
When this subject was before this House on a former oc-
casion 1 voted against the measure. I have been in favor
ol exhausting all means of conciliation to restore the Union
as our lathers made it. I am foi the whole Union, and ut-
terly opposed to secession or dissolution in any shape. The
lesult of all the peace missions, and opeuially tlmtof Mr.
Blair, has satisfied me that nothing short of the reco-iniuon
of their independence will satisfy the southern conleder-
ney. It must theielore be destroyed ; and in voting foi the
moment measure I cast my vote ug<unst the eornei stone of
the southern confederacy, and declare eternal war again
the enemies ot my country.
[Applause from the Republican side of the
House.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Coffroth.]
Mr. COFFROTH. Mr. Speaker, 1 speak not
to-day for or against slavery. 1 am content that
this much-agitated question shall be adjudicated
at the proper time by the people. It is my pur-
pose to state in all candor the reasons which
prompt me to give the vote I shall soon record.
The amending of our Constitution is fraught-
with so much importance to the American people
that before it is accomplished the amendments
proposed should be scrutinized with the strictest
criticism. No frivolous, vague, or uncertain ex-
periment should be for a moment tolerated. The
life and existence of this nation is centered in the
observance and faithful execution of the powers
conferred by the Constitution upon the servants
of the people.
The joint resolution before us proposes:
That the following article be pi oposed to the Legislatures
of the several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by tluee toiuths
of said Legislatures, shall be valid, to all intent* and pur-
pose® ivi a part of the said Constitution, namely:
Art. XHI,Sec. 1. Neithei slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude except as a puni>hmciit foi crime, whereof the paity
shall' have been duly convicted, <?h?ill exist within the
United States, or anv place ^abject to their jurisdiction.
Sec. 2. Coricress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation.
The first inquiry is, has Congress this power?
I turn to the Constitution, and find article fifth
provides—
u The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
&hal! deem it necessary, r-iiall piopose amendments to this
Constitution, or, on the application of the Leahdatmos or
two thirds of the several States, shall call aconvention tor
propostngamtMidaieuts, which, in cither ca*<c, shall bo valid
to ait intent's and purposes, as part of this Constitution,
when iauM by the Legislatures of three iouiths ot the
several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof,
as tho one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by the Congress."
It is not claimed that Congress itself can en-
graft this amendment into the Constitution with-
out being ratified by three fourths of the States.
Then, sir, under the Constitution, Congress has
no power beyond discriminating what shall or
ought to be submitted to the people. ^ The mem-
bers of thisHoufte assume no responsibility, they
enact no amendment, but as faithful Representa-
tives they submit to the people, the source from
whence their power comes, the proposed amend-
ment. " Governments are instituted among men,
deriving their just power from the consent of the
governed." All political power is invested in
the people. At their will constitutions can be
remodeled and laws repealed.
The amending of our Constitution is no new
experiment. Already at three different times
amendments have been submitted to the Legisla-
tures, and by them adopted. The first amend-
ment was ratified in 1791, the second in 1798, and
the third in 1804. It never was intended by the
wise men who adopted the Constitution that it
should remain unchanged. The growth of the
nation, its progress and its advancement, will,as
time passes, demand new articles and additional
provisions. The people are the guatdiuns of the
Constitution, and I am not convinced that any
danger is to be anticipated, as presented in the
following illustrations of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] put with such admira-
ble compactness and scholastic force:
1. "1 a«ert that there is another limitation, stronger
even than the letter of tho Constitution, ami that i* to he
found in its intent and spirit and its loundation idea. I
put the question which has been put hejoro in this debate,
can three louith* of the States coustitutioiiaHyehauge this
Government, and make it an autociaey? It is not pro-
hibited by the Constitution.'"
"Can thiee louiihs of the States make an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the Umied Slates which shall
piohihit the Mate ot Ohio iiom having two Uou.-es m its
Legislative Afsembl) ? It is not piohibned in the Com-.li-
tutiou."
tf. " Sir, can three fourths of the States provide an
amendment to the Constitution by which one tourth should
bear all the taxes of this Government? It is not pio-
hilnled/'
4. " Can three fourths of the States, by an amendment to
the Constitution, subvert the Slate povcinments of one
fourth and divide their tcrutoiy among the re&t? It is not
foibiddeu."
5. '* Ciin three fourths of the States so amend the Con-
stitution of the Stales us to make the northern States of
this Union slavehoiding States
I do not think there is any power in the Con-
stitution which would permit three fourths of the
States to change the form of government. The
Constitution provides for a republican form of
government, and to establish an autocracy would
not be amending the Constitution, but utterly de-
stioying it, and establishing upon its ruins anew
form of government of self-derived power.
I would not give one of the new copper two-
cent pieces for the insertion into the Constitution
of explicit prohibitions against every other sup-
position brought forward by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton:] -
"Long before three fouithsof the States can become so
debauched and demoralized that they would piaetfee such
monstrous* injustice, they must have lost the sense of honor
that would lie bound by a compart, and the fear of God that
would keep an oath. When tiie-e vntue« have died out,
no matter what ►•niepunrds a written constitution might
contain, they would be of no more value than to much
waste paper." Theroarceertain ihnigs which can neverbe
attempted so Ion-,' as thcie is public virtue enough nor to
evade, explain away, ot openly violate the Constitution.
It is toi this reason so little limitation was put upon the
amending power.
"Theactual limitations on that power opeiatcd against
natural equuy, and hence the necessity loi their insertion.
One of them n'stramed Concres^ fiom putting an end to
the slave tiade prior to 1608, and the piacucal effect ot the
other is to give New England, which has a smaller popula-
tion than Xew YoiK and only a naetiori more than Penn-
sylvania. twelve Senutois, while New Voile and Pennsyl-
vania have each only two. The Constitution pieMiinos
that the majonty of the people in three joint lis of the States
cannot be cornipted; or that, if they should, they would
not afturwaid respect paper restraints on their pas,ion*. A
constitution is no stiongor than the ten-e of the moral ob-
ligation ot the parties hound hvit. It is funic to take metfs
engagements against crimes more heinous than breaking
au'emrairemenf. You might as well swear «i man not to
coimmt highway robb<-ry.' It no icis conscience enough to
respect an oath, it would be needless, and it he lias not.,an
idle precaution."
Again, it is argued that this amendment is un-
constitutional; that the Congress of the United
States has no legal authority to piopose _ this
amendment, nor have the States in ratifying it the
constitutional power to destroy or interfere with
the right of property. Learned gentlemen of this
House differ on this subject. The Constitution
itself piovides the remedy by which all these dif-
ferences of opinion can be legally adjudicated.
Section two of article three provides:
" Tht judicial power sliali extend to all cases in law and
equity arising under this Constitution."
In my opinion, if any person is injured by this
amendment, he has a judicial remedy before tho
highest court of the country.
If the States of the South desire to retain sla-
very, they can do so by refusing to ratify this
amendment. There are thirty-five States. In or-
der to adopt this amendment twenty-seven States
must ratify it. Eleven States have seceded from
tho Union. This is more than is required to de-
feat the amendment. Certainly no one will pre-
tend to argue that this amendment can be adopted
without being submitted to the eleven seceded
States. Jf it was, t.hese States would not be con-
sidered a part of the Union. In fact it would be,
to all intent and purpose,recognizing them as in-
dependent States, and not being under the control
of the Federal Constitution.
If this view is taken, then this amendment enn
do no harm to the people of the States in the
Union. In Junelastmy objection to this amend-
ment was that it was taking away the property
of the people of the States that remained true to
the Union; that the Constitution was made the
means to oppress rather than protect the people.
Since that time Missouri and Maryland have
abolished slavery by their own action, and the
Governor of Kentucky in his message recom-
mends to the Legislature of that State gradual
emancipation. The same objection which was
then uiged against this amendment cannot now
be urged.
Jt is argued that new State governments will
be formed in the seceding States under tho con-
trol of military governors, and this amendment
ratified by them. Whetherthisamendment would
be binding upon the people of the seceded States
thus ratified will depend entirely upon the result
of this war. If afler a long struggle, and each
of the contending armies or Powers will conclude
to adopt the wise and humane policy of a peace-
ful solution of the difficulties now existing, all of
the acts of the State governments formed by mil-
itary power will be invalid, and the old organi-
zation of these States recognized. In this event
the ratifications by the new-made State govern-
ments will not be worth the paper upon which
they are written. If the South achieve her in-
dependence, then this amendment will only ap-
ply to that which does not exist. If the people
of the South are subjugated and their State lines
obliterated, and they are ever admitted into this
Union under new constitutions, each and every
one of tho constitutions will have to come free
from slavery before the State will be admitted.
The Souih would not remain in the Union un-
der the Constitution as it now is; they demanded
stronger guarantees for their institution of slavery.
Can any intelligent person believe that after fight-
ing as they have for nearly four years they will
accept that which they rejected before the war?
If they will not come back under the Constitution,
why not abolish slavery; sinks fromourstatutc-
books every enactment which protects it; make
our Constitution and our laws free from the sub-
ject of slavery ? And then, when this unfortunate,
inhuman, barbarous, and bloody war has been
prolonged until every heart shall turn sick with
its carnage and the reports of its wrongs and out-
rages, and the people demand a cessation of hos-
tilities until it be ascertained if glorious peace
cannot be accomplished by compromise and con-
cession, there will be no obstacles in the Consti-
tution to defeat the accomplishing of a much
desired result. We will be free to give new guar-
antees or new amendments to protect the rights
and property of every person who shelters him-
self under the American Constitution.
Again, I have voted for every peace resolution
offered in this House. My heart yearns for
peace. The gentlemen on the other side of this
Chamber refused toappoint peace commissioners,
but they tell us this amendment will do more to
secure peace than any resolution proposed in thin
House. Although they would not try the rem-
edy we presented, I am willing to try the one
they present; and if by my vote this amendment
,A;
