1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
ABSENT'—Messrs. Carlile, Collamer, Cowan, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Ilardiug, Howard, Pomeroy, Richardson,
Riddle, Saulsbury, and Trumbull—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was to insert the
following as a new section:
Sec. — -And be it further enacted, That from and after
th<; abrogation of the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain
ali acts and parts of acts granting allowances or bounties
on the tonnage of vessels engaged in the bank or other
cod fisheries be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeaiS and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARWELL. I do not propose to go over
the arguments we had here last night, although
there are several Senators now present who were
not present then, who I think should fully under-
stand the subject. I shall make only a single
statement in regard to it. The proposition now
is to repeal at this time the laws allowing the fish-
ing bounties, that repeal to take effect when the
reciprocity treaty expires, a year from the 15th
of this month. The men who believe that this
great interest cannot live without some different
arrangement than there would be if the bounties
were repealed without other legislation,and I am
one of them, think the matter will be better ad-
justed by letting the whole question go over to
the next Congress, because some legislation will
then necessarily take place on the termination of
the reciprocity treaty. Then let the fishing boun-
ties be repealed and let such legislation be adopted
by Congress as will give these men a reasonable
chance to live. That is all we ask, and we think
it can be better accomplished by letting the whole
subject go over. Certainly no good can be done
by acting upon it at this time. Senators all ad-
mit, the chairman of the committee admits, that
it is necessary to have some legislation, that it
will not do to repeal the bounties without adopt-
ing sotne other legislation. Why not have it all
at once ? I regret exceedingly that the Senate is
so thin.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Huckalcw, Chandler, Davis,
Doolittle, Ilarlan, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of
Indiana, Nesnmli, Powell, Riddle, Slieiman, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, Willey, and VVi ighi.—18.
NAYS—IVlessis. Anthony, (Jlark, Conness, Dixon, Far-
well, Foster, Howe, Johnson,Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Morgan, Moniii, Nye,Ramsey, Sprague, Stewait, Sumner,
Ten 'Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—liO.
ABSENT — Messrs. Carlile, Coilamer, Cowan, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harding, Howard, tomeioy, Kieliardson,
Saulsbury, and Trumbull—12.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the next reserved amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, which
was to strike out from line seven hundred and
eight on page 29 to line seven hundred and six-
teen on page 30, as follows:
Thatsection one hundred and three be farther amended
by adding the following alter the word " vehicle" wheie
it occurs the second tune ill the section : " Provided. That
this section shall not apply to those teams, wagons, and
veluelcs used in transporting logs for lumber from the for-
ests to the place or places of manufactory, or to the teams
or vehicles used in the ttasportation of ores from the
mines where the same is excavated to the place where
tliey are reduced or worked."
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to amend the
words moved to be stricken out by inserting after
the word "used," in the seven hundred and
twelfth line, on the 30th page, the word " Ne-
.vada," and after the word " used" in the seven
hundred anjl fourteenth line, the words " in the
same State." The effect of that amendment
would be that this tax would not apply to those
wagons, &c., employed in Nevada.
Mr, CONNESS. I have no objection to this
amendment of the Senator from Maryland, of
course, but I should like to know what rule of
justice applies to Nevadainthis respect that does
not to California.
Mr. JOHNSON. I can stale to the Senator
that I except Nevada alone, because I suppose
Nevada is not in a condition to bear the tax as
well as California. I rather think California can
bear it as well as Pennsylvania or Ohio. I un-
derstand from the Senators from Nevada, indeed
I think I know independent of their statement,
that those engaged in that particular business in
Nevada are hardly able to get on at all without
any tax; they make very little money anyhow;
but I think you are doing very well in California,
Mr.POWELL. Allow me to suggest that in my
judgment the proposition is clearly unconstitu-
tional. All. taxes must be uniform throughout
th£ United States. We cannot exempt the State
of Nevada or any other State. 1 do not think
there can be any doubt about that.
Mr. CONNESS. While the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland is correct in saying that the
tax on vehicles engaged in the transportation of
ore, &c., affects Nevada more than it does Cali-
fornia, at the same time, as I explained the other
day, the tax applies very severely to our people
who are engaged in making lumber, because it is
a tax imposed on those who are hauling the logs
to the mill, and we are competing now in the
making of lumber with the greatest lumber coun-
try in the world, the Puget sound district on the
Pacific coast. I think that the tax as applied to
that industry is a very severe and onerous one.
I dislike to stand here as the advocate of an ex-
ceptional amendment, but 1 think that interest
ought to be included.
Mr. FOSTER. The Constitution provides,
article one, section eight, that Congress shall have
power "to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
common defense and general welfare of the Uni-
ted States; but all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United States."
_ Mr. CONNESS. I think that settles theques-
tion.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole to strike out the clause.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I called for a separate vote
on the third scction, but lam willing to withdraw
that call; I desire the Senate to conform to the
action of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out the third
section of the bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was that made
on page 29 by striking niit lines seven hundred
and three, seven hundred and four, seven hundred
and five, seven hundred and six, and seven hun-
dred and seven, as follows:
That section one hundred and three be amended by
stukin" out the words " two and a half per cent, upon the
gross receipts" and inserting " two arid a half per ccut.
upon net receipts under $3,000, and five percent upon the
excess.55
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts indicate the amendment
that was reserved on his motion on page 29?
Mr. SHERM AN. There was an amendment
reserved by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
about the license fee of insurance agents.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says he does not
care much about it. Let it go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It>isnecessary
to take the vote on it.
The amendment was Concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was the follow-
ing, to comc in'after line seven hundred and six-
teen, on page 30:
Thatsection one hundied and three be amended by in-
serting Uftcr the words "and any foreign port" the words
" but sach duty shall be assessed upon the transportation
of persons and property shipped from a port within the
Untied States, through a foieign territory to a port within
the United States, and .shall he assessed upon, and collected
from, persons, fiim-*, companies, or coiporations within
the United States receiving Mich freight or transportation."
And thatsection one hundred and three be amended by
adding at the end of said section the following: "  tfnd
provided further, That no tax under this section shall be
assessed Upon any poison whose gross leceipts do not ex-
ceed per annum.35
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move to amend that
amendment by inserting after tiie word " trans-
portation," where it occurs the second time, the
following words:
And every railroad company in the States, Us
successors and aligns, bo, and is hereby, authorized to
catry upon and over its road, connections, boats, budges,
and ferries, ail freight, property, mails, passengeis, troops,
and Government bupplies on their way fiom any State to
another Stale, and to receive cornpen.-ation therefor.
Mr- GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will postpone that until the Senator from Il-
linois [Mr. Trumbull] is present, because he
told me that if this yas offered he desired to pro-
pose an amendment to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is not pres-
ent. 1 hope there will be a vote. I do not pro-
pose to make any remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word
about this matter. I am one of those who, if
the vote had been taken on the bill in regard to
the Camden and Amboy railroad, as it is com-
monly called, should have voted for it; but it is
manifestly improper to put such a controverted
question, which will lead to debate, on a bill of
this magnitude, at this hour of the session. I
trust that no one who desires to expedite the
legislation of Congress will trouble us with this
controverted matter. I am very sorry that the
Senator from Michigan has done so. It will lead
to debate and controversy. I hope it will be
voted down, in the present condition of affairs
certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly germane
to this bill. You propose to tax railroads; I pro-
pose to give them certain privileges. I do not
want to discuss it. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The amendment is perfectly germane; 1 offer it
in its proper location, and I think it the proper
time. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered..
Mr. MORRILL. It is pretty obvious 
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
from Maine allow me to say a word ?
Mr. MORRILL. I yield.
Mr. COWAN. I am not certain that I would
not have voted with the honorable Senator from
Michigan for his measure; but I shall certainly
vote against putting it on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us try the vote. If
Senators want afterward to reconsider the vote,
any one can move it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cowan] occupies very nearly the po-
sition perhaps that 1 do. I simply state that in
explanation of my vote.
Mr. MORRILL. This is a matter of altogether
too much importance by any possibility to slip
through in this way. It has been pretty thor-
oughly debated upon one side. In the relation
1 held to it upon the committee I deemed it my
duty to ask to be heard. I have not interposed
to take up any of the time of the Senate, content
to speak on it when it came up in its regular order
on the general bill. I am content to do so now,
but I am willing to meet it here if the Senate
choose to put it upon this bill. 1 only want to
reserve that right on a reconsideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can be done on a mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. MORRILL. I acquiesce in that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Farvvell, Nye, Ramsey, Sum-
ner, and Wilkinson—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bnekalew, Clark,
Connes*, Cowan, Davis, Fo>ter, Grimes. Ilarlan, Karris,
Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Mor-
gan, Mornli, Powell, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, WiUey, Wilson, and Wi Ight—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cailile, Coliamor, Dixon, Dnolmlo,
Foot, Hale, Harding, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Kansas, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Richardson, Sauisbmy, Tiuin-
bull, and Wade—17.
So the -amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This completes
the amendments that were reserved. The bill is
still open to amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move an additional
section, and I do it on the notice I gave at the
suggestion of the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee when the Army appropriation bill was up:
•find be it further enacted, That from and after the passage
of fliis act, and duiuiij the existing icbullum, the pay and
emoluments of ali officers in the mihtaiy and naval <-eivice
of the United Slates shall be exempt ftom all income and
war tax.
I moved this provision on the Army bill, and
the Senator from Ohio thought it was not proper
to put it on that.
Mr. GRIMES. It is in it now.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. The House of Rep-
resentatives has put it in their increased pay bill;
that bill is in the hands of our committee. There-
fore I move this section on this bill as I suggested
I should do.
