524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
is submitted to the States, and it brings this war
J to a close, I will ever rejoice at the vote I have
^ given; but if I am mistaken, I will remember it
is not the first time.
Mr. Speaker, 1 desire above all things that the
Democratic party be again placed in power. The
condition of the country needs the wise counsel
of the Democracy. The peace and prosperity of
this once powerful and happy nation require it
to be placed under Democratic rule. The histo-
ry of the past demonstrates this. The question
of slavery has been a fruitful theme for the-op-
ponents of the Democracy. It has breathed into
existence fanaticism, and feeds it with such meat
as to make it ponderous ingrowth, it must soon
be strangled or the nation is lost. 1 propose to
do this by removing from the political menu that
which has given it life and stiength. As soon as
this is done fanaticism
" Writhes with pain,
And dies among us worsJnpeis."
Then the rays of truth will be unshaded, and
once more our people will rejoice in the salvation
of their country, and of the reinstating in power
that, party which made this country great, and
which has done so much to secure to man civil
ami religious liberty.
Many of the honorable gentlemen of this House
with whom I am politically associated may con-
demn me for my action to-day. I assure them I
do that only which my conscience sanctions and
ray sense ot duty to my country demands. 1 have
been a Democrat, all the days of my life. 1 learned
my Demociacy fiom that being who gave me
bitth; it was pure; it came from one who never
told me an unti nth. All my political life has boon
spent in defending and supporting the moasuies
which i thought were for ihr good of the party
and the country. My eneigy, my means, and
my tune were all given for the success of the
Democratic cause. 1 am no Democrat by mere
profession, but 1 have always been a working
one. If by my action to-day 1 dig my political
giave, 1 will descend into it without a murmur,
knowing that I n in justified in my action by a con-
scientious-) belief 1 am doing what will ultimately
prove to be a service to my country, and know-
ing theie is one dear, devoted, antl loved being
in this wide world who will not bring teais of
bitterness to lhat giave, but will strew it with
beau (i f'u I fiowei s, lor it re tin ns me to that domes-
tic circle from whence 1 have been taken for the
gie.iter part of the hist two years.
Knowing my duty I intend to perform it, re-
lying upon the intelligence and honesty of the
people 1 repie.M-nt to do mo justice. If tins action
fcihall be condemned by my people I will go back
with pleasure to ihe enjoyment of private lile, fire
liom the exciting pohtienl arena; but no power
on earth will prevent me from quietly depositing
my ballot in behalfof the candidates of the Dem-
ocratic party. 1 hope 1 will he gianted the pleas-
ure of reading the eloquent sp  erhes made by my
Denjoctaiic associates, and admire their rise and
onward niaich to distinction. This boon I pray
yon not to take from me.
If, on the oiln-r hand, the course of the Demo-
crat.* who will vote for this amendment will meet
tiie <"pjii'i'!mi !o>i <>t Urn people, and we are greeti (I
\i ;;h the plaudit of " Well dune, good and laitli-
1'ui sr-i vants." it, will be the desire of our hearts to
open our arms for your reception and slicker you
as the hen sln-lfeis in r brood, satisfied you \v  ie
honest in your belief but mistaken m your opin-
ions.
Mr. ASHLEY, I now yield the remainder of
my tune to the gentleman hum iNew York, [Mr.
ilciiuics.]
Air. HARDING 1 ask the gentleman to yield
to mo for a moment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. M r. Speak-
er, tins js miliar an uibitrary proceeding. One
gentleman occupies the floor and farms it out to
whoever he pleases. We have a Piesidmg Oiii-
cer, and 1 prefer he shall assign the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Cleik will read the rule
on the subject.
Tne Cleik lead, as follows:
i( Vvris:!e a memher i? occupy mi; the floor lie niny yield it
to anoiiK ( lot explanation ut the pending measuie u> wdl
;u lor pei>oiril explanation.'>
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Can these
be callcd explanations rtiaUve to membeis?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that these
are explanations of the pending measure.
Mr. ASHLEY. I yield to the gentleman from
New York.
JVIr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask for
five minutes of the time of the gentleman fiom
New York.
Mr. HERRICK. I have no objection to give
the gentleman five minutes of my time.
Mr. MILLER, ofPennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I had hoped that I would be permitted to close
my short career upon this floor without claiming
any of the time or attention of the House; but i
feel that I owe it to more than two hundied and
sixty thousand lovers of the country, friends of
the " Constitution as it is," in the State of Penn-
sylvania, to repudiate the sentiments and position
of gentlemen, [Messrs. McAllister and Cof-
froth,] my colleagues here, who have been heard
this morning.
I came here, sir, with no ambition save to do
what I conceived to be my duty in the service of
my constituents and the preservation of a pure
and consistent record.
But 1 prefer to go back to my home, I choose
to meet those who sent mo here, and say that i
have tiied to do that, at least, which was ex-
acted of me when I took the oath entitling me to
a seat upon this floor, that I would, to the extent
of my ability, preserve inviolate the Constitution
of the United States, in word and letter, as those
who made it gave it to us. I feel that I have not
been derehctin the dischaigeof duty; that I have
not forgotten what was due to myself and what
was due to them. I have no argument to make
in legard to what I conceive to be the merits of
the question before us. That ground has been
fully and ably covered by those who have pre-
ceded me. 1 stand here to-day to indorse the sen-
timents and arguments of my fiiend fiom Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton.] 1 stand with him as to the
power of this House to pass this measure. IJis
able and eloquent arguments have not been an-
swered—nor, in my judgment, can they be—by
, the ablest of those on the other side of the House.
'\/ Now, sir, it strikes me that much as this mat-
fer has been discussed, no member has yet satis-
factorily met the great question at the bottom of
this proposition. Abolish slavery, and no man
among ihem has pretended to show what we are
to do with the frtedmon, except that, as good
Cluistians, it will become our duty to feed and
cloihe them. The true philanthropists and tax
payers of the country arc equally interested m
knowing what is to be done with the elephant
when we get htm. We should not pull down the
old house until we have built the new one. I
say to my friends on the other side of the House
that lor them to discuss the constitutionality of a
proposed amendment is a broad farce. They pro-
pose to amend that, the body of which, in every
essential, vital feature they have consistently vio-
lated in the action of the President of the United
States, this House, and every subordinate depai t-
mt'D* and employe known to this Administration.
It v/ou'd have been more creditable to the fan-
ness of the dominant parly if they had proposed
to blot out the sovereignty of the States, and de-
clared that theie are no reservt d rights in the
Constitution whnh Congress and the President
cannot ignore with impunity.
If, Mr. Speaker, 3 could be induced to vote for
any amendatory pioposition to the orgatuclaw of
thioland I would not do it at a time like this, when
all is chaos.
Tim SPEAKER. The five minutes allotted to
the gentleman have expired.
M r. M) LLER, of Pennsylvania. I rose simply
for the purposeof repudiating the sentiments and
the positions assumed upon this floor by two of
my colleagues liom Pennse Ivania, and have only
to i •■quest my colleague [Mr. Coffrothj to make
his acknowledgments to my other veneiable col-
league [Mr. Jjaily] to whose Quaker knocks he
isdoub'ie-.* indebted for his wonderful conversion.
Mr. IlERRiCK. Mr. Speaker, the joint res-
olution now before the House submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, comes j
before us under circumstances widely different j
fiom those existing when at the last session of
Congress the same resolution failed to receive the
requisite two-thirds vote of this body.
The eventful year which has elapsed has
wrought great changes in the situation of the coun-
try affecting this important question, and I ap-
proach its discussion at this time with quite al-
tered views, as to its expediency, from those which
governed me when i last addressed the House
upon the same subject. The brilliant successes
that have rewarded the gallant efforts of the mili-
tary and naval forccs of the nation, and the result
of the presidential election, which has since tran-
spired, have necessaiily exercised an important
influence over the public mind in both the loyal
and the insurgent States; and this question has
assumed a very different aspect from that which
it bore at the last session of Congress. The re-
jection by the people at the polls of the proclaimed
policy ot the Democratic party has closed many
avenues to reconciliation which then remained
open, and the waning strength of the leneliion
has brought its leaders to the veigc of despera-
tion. Perils which then seemed imminent have
faded away, and others of quite different tenor
menace us m the future.
In such a period of transition, when tremen- >
dous events succeed one another with almost in-
conceivable rapidity, it is impossible for the legis-
lator to remain unaffected by the mighty changes
that meet him on every side, it is weak, Mr.
Speaker, it is criminal for him, from alalse pride
in preserving an imaginary consistency, to re-
main stationary when all the lest of the woild is
moving forward, and to regulate his words and
actions by what he has said or done in the past.
Change is the univeisal law of nature, pervading
the world of mind as well as the woihi of matter.
Oubnarily it t if'cts its opeiation by almost im-
perceptible gradations, and their results only
become visible at long intervals. l]ut every gen-
eration sees further and more clearly than its
predecessor that the radicalism of one century
becomes the conservatism ofthe next, while stead-
ily thiougli the ages the eternal march of human
advancement sweeps on. In such a period, how-
ever, as that in which our lot is cast,and in such
anisis as that now resting upon the country,
when the whole fabric, of society is convulsed by
the fierce stiuggle between contending opinions,
upon the issue of which depends the continued
existence of the Ameucan Republic, if not, in-
deed , the fate of constitutional liberty throughout
the world, this progiessgoes on with manelous
celenty, and the changes of a century are some-
times condensed into a single year.
Mr. Speaker, at the last sesMon of Congress I
voted against this resolution from a solemn con-
viction of duty. And as I shall now vote for it
fiom a similar conviction, it becomes me to ex-
plain to the House and the country what consid-
erations prompt me to assume a new attitude upon
the question before us. Events which will now
govern my action have superseded the argu-
ments which influenced the vote J recorded last
year. The considerations which then tendered
the amendment proposed impolitic, in my \iew,
have ceased to operate, and reasons of great foice,
which were not then in existence, have austn fo
make it now expedient, and to vanant me m
rcvcising my former action.
In my humble judgment the rejection of this
measuie at that time was demanded by the best
interests of the countiy, which now, on the con-
trary, seem to call forits adoption. Mr. Speaker,
circumstances have changed, and I shall now
vote for the resolution, as I torineily voted agninst
it, because I think such action on my part is best
calculated to assist in the maintenance of the Gov-
ernment, the preservation of the Union, and the
perpetuation ofthe bee institutions which we in-
hented from our fathers. These aie the greaf ob-
jects for which the loyal people of this cop" ti y have
struggled dm ing the last four years with a cour-
age and self-de\otion to which history affords no
parallel, and poui c-d forth their blood and treasure
with an unhesitating patriotism that has aston-
ished the world. So long as a Representative
seeks these objects, regaidless of paitisan or po-
litical piejudtces, he cannot be rightfully charged
with inconsistency, no matter how widely the
means he may find it necessary to employ atone
time or another, to adapt himself to ever-varying
circumstances, may differ. J believe tins is the
only consistency that is truly desirable. It is
certainly the only one to which I make any pre-
tensions.
I have no doubt of the power to make this
