1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr, SHERMAN. I shall content myself with
simply voting against it. We have increased
since then, or have so far as the action of the
Senate is concerned, the pay of the officers of
the Army who were most grievously affected by
the old pay. I do not think we ought to make
exceptions. If we do, efforts will be made con-
stantly to make other exceptions to the income
tax.
Mr. WILSON. We have made but a very
small increase, increasing the commutation value
of the ration from thirty to fifty cents; but the bill
that passed the House of Representatives is a
large increase, and increases the compensation
of the officeis who receive fuel and quarters so
largely that we have not passed that and shall
not. i hope this small allowance will be made.
This tax has been put on since the mass of the
Army was raised, and it goes pretty hard with
them. Especially did it go,hard on them to be
called on for the extra tax of last year. Some of
them have not paid it yet and cannot pay it, have
not the means to pay it. I think with the small
compensation our officers have we should not tax
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the amendment to except
officers from the operation of this bill?
Mr. WILSON. That no war or income tax
shall be imposed on officers of the Army and
Navy during ihis rebellion, after the passage of
this act. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The ypas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I have had a good deal of in-
tercourse with officers, and I have never heard
anygreatcomplamts that they have made against
the income tax so far as it was prospective. They
did object,and I think they had reason to object,
to the law we passed here on the last night of the
last session, I think, by which we declared that
the incomes of the preceding year should be taxed,
and they should take out of their last year's sal-
ary a certain amount, and a pretty respectable
and large amount, to pay a tax on the preceding
year's salary which they had already spent. The
hue and cry among the officers in the public ser-
vice about that law grew out of the fact that it
wa3 retiospcctive and not prospective, that it re-
quired them to take out of their current year's
salary an amount of money to pay tax on the
preceding year's salary, all of which had been
spent.
Mr. WILSON. I will modify the amendment
so as to apply simply to the income tax, striking
out the phrase "war tax" because that is not
definite. I put the section in the form it passed
the House of Representatives, except that I con-
fine it to the present rebellion. I hope it will be
adopted because it is a small matter and will be
& great, aid to the line officers of the Army.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for its reading as it is
now.
The amendment, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
rCnd be it further cnacf,edy'V luit from and after the passage
of tin-. and dining the, existing lehelhon, the pay and
emolument-: of rt!f officers In the military and naval service
of the United States >4kiII be exempt from all income tax.
Mr. HARLAN. I had supposed that such a
law would be unconstitutional. On that subject,
however, I would be advised by those who know
more than I do. if all taxes ate to be "uniform
throughout the United States" 1 do not peiceive
how you can tax one class of officers on thou sal-
aries and exempt another class. I merely sug-
gest it. That view of the case will contiol my
Vote. If the officers arc not receiving enough pay,
I Will vote to increase I heir pay. ii the chairman
of the Committee on Militaiy Affairs will say that
their pay ought to be incieased, I will vote to in-
crease it reasonably; but 1 think that a tax ought
to be uniform; if it is an income tax it ought to
be levied m a uniform mode on the incomes of all
the people of the United States.
Mr. CONNliSS. There aie no votes that I have
given since 1 have had a seat here with mote
pleasure than those that have gone to the benefit
of the men who are engaged m fighting our bat-
tles; but that feeling and disposition, *s well as
r.ll otheis, must necessarily have a limit, and I
think ihat considering the condition of the coun-
try, the condition of its finances, the efforts that
we me making to obtain money and to levy taxes,
the Lw-m.iksng powci has acted with a great deal
of liberaluy to waid the soldiers and officers. As
suggested by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, there has been a considerable increase
made recently to the salaries of officers. Last
year there was a considerable increase made to
the pay of private soldiers. I havealsoan objec-
tion to this as attaching to this act, and for these
reasons will vote against it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 am in favor of the
proposition as offered, and for a reason which re-
lates not merely to this particular subject, but to
the whole subject-matter of official relations and
of official compensation. We employ men in
office; we are engaged here by our people to take
office in the Senate'Chamber. The President in
his mansion and the soldier in the field have a
certain compensation. That compensation is not
a just subject of taxation and never should have
been made a subject of taxation. If their pay is
too large, it should be reduced. That is in the
power of the legislation of the country. The
idea of deducting a tax from official compensa-
tion is one of the falsehoods of a false policy.
The proposition now is right to the extent to
which it is proposed, in my judgment; that is,
that the officers and soldiers in the field should
not be faxed outof their compensation; nor do I
think that other persons serving the Government
should be taxed out of their assigned compensa-
tion. The Government has the power to reduce
that compensation a' any time at its pleasure, but
compensation in its jjist sense is just payment by
the Government. I think it a hard thing to call
out of the payments due to officers and soldiers
this per cent., and it is, I say, false as well as
impolitic legislation. The same rule that is in-
volved m this present proposition should be ex-
tended to all officeis in the employ of the Govern-
ment,^- now the Government pays and the Gov-
ernment then takes back. It is like an Indian gift.
1 will not take time to discuss this thing, but
it is palpable that it is false to any person-who
thinks carefully on the subject. 1 am in favor of
the proposition, only I think it should be uni-
veisal instead of being special; but being special
it is an approximation toward the truth.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a very ungracious
thing to vote against a proposition to increase the
pay of officers of the Army, because their pay is
really not sufficient. But a short time ago we
passed a bill to increase the pay of all officers
below the grade of brigadier general. I do not
know what has become of that bill.
Mr. WILSON. All ow me to suggest that on
the Army appropriation bill a section was put in-
creasing the ration of all officers below a briga-
dier general from thirty to fifty cents, and a sec-
tion was also put upon it giving those officers
who should remain in the service to the close of
the war three months' pay proper. The commit-
tee of conference on the Army bill agreed to the
first section but not to the last; that was thrown
out.
Mr. GRIMES. What will be the increase by
the addition to the price of the ration?
Mr. WILSON. The increase of the ration for
a line officer will be eighty cents a day, for a col-
onel of a regiment $1 20 a day, which would be
au increase of something more than twenty per
cent. My intention was to put this section upon
this bill. I stated it at the time, and 1 supposed
thcie would not be any opposition to it, but that
we should relieve these officers from taxation and
give the increased ration. The House of Repre-
sentatives passed this provision in a bill making a
i.u-ge increase to Army officers, larger than we
can support.
Air. HENDERSON. I would very gladly vote
for this proposition provided I could see my way
clear; but really there is a constitutional objection
to it in my opinion. " All duties, imposts, and
excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States." I cannot see that we can exempt any
officers from an excise tax. It is certainly against
the spirit of the Constitution, if not directly
against the letter, to make this exemption, lu
the next place it is a very great impolicy to com-
mence exempting anybody from a tax. Then,
again, I would suggest to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that inasmuch as he hns included all
officers in this amendment, the officers receiving
the largest salary will be the parties who will re-
ceive the largest increase of pay under this amend-
ment, because in proportion to the size of his
salary of course the tax is greater. Therefore
the proposition will only increase the salary of
those whose salary already is large. For these
several reasons 1 cannot support the proposition.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. The question of com-
pensation for services established bylaw belongs
to Government, and when the Government offet s
compensation to a certain extent and undertakes
to pay, it is not properly subject to taxation; it
does not fall within the range of this kind of tax-
ation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does this exempt any
income of an officer except his salary?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think only his pay;
that is, his pay provided for by the Government,
which does not fall within the range of legitimate
taxation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment. On page 22, after the word "thereof"in
line five hundred and fifteen, I move to insert:
Piovidetl, That Bibles and Testaments not enstin? more
I than two dollars shall be exempt from any duty or tax, any
provision of law to the contrary notwithstanding.
I desire to say simply that Bibles and Testa-
ments of the cheaper qualities are published by
benevolent institutions and associations, the Bible
Society mainly,and the Methodist Book Concern.
I do not think they ought to be taxed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the subject was up
the other day I have received a letter from a veiy
intelligent and one of the leading publishers in
New York, in which he recommends that no dis-
crimination be made. He says that in regard to
his own business it is difficult to distinguish be-
tween the classes of books exempted by this pro-
viso; that it is impossible to tell how much the
Bibles cost, how much the Testaments cost, and
how much school-books cost. It is true some
houses do not publish all these classes of books,
but all of them publish more or less Bibles and
Testaments, and any attempt to make a discrim-
ination would be dangerous. Those who read
the Bible, as some one remarked the other day,
are most willing to pay the tax.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer to add as another
section to the bill the section which was reported
by the committee on page 57—the second section
as found on page 57.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. —. Jind be it farther enacted, That in hen of the
pte>ent rate? of postage on letters there shall be charged,
irom and aftei the l t day of' July next, for every simjlo
letter in manuscript, or paper of any kind in winch infor-
mation shall be asked for or communicated in Writms or
by signs or marks, conveyed m the mails, five cents; and
for a double or other multiple letter tbeie shall be chaigf d
an inciea^ed rate according to the present rates, five cenU
being computed the unit instead of tlnee cents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. While all the interests
of the country are so heavily burdened with tax-
ation I think the Post Office Department ought
to be self-supporting. It ison thatprinciple that
I offer the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS1. This proposition was voted
upon to-day by yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. We did not vote by yeas
and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 thought we did. Let us
have the yeas and nays now. We arc not now
a full Senate either.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that it is an
important proposition which was presented be-
fore, and there was a fair vote on it when the Sen-
ate was full. I think it ought not to be pressed
again now.
Mr.SPRAGUE. Itseemstome that when you
are taxing everything, when you are seeking out
for purposes of taxation all sorts of trades and
interests, the postage should bear some portion
of the burden of this war; that there should be
equality in taxation in this respect as in all others.
You have just refused the proposition to exempt
Bibles and all sacred books; and it seems to me
there should be no exemption in favor of the
postage, and I do not believe that the people
who write would feel the additional burden it is
proposed to put on them. I trust the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Indiana will prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Foster, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Lane of Indiana. McDou-
galj, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,and Stewart—13.
NAYS—Messrs, Anthony, Clark, Conness, Davis, Doo-
