1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
amendment to the Constitution in the manner
proposed. It is altogether immaterial, for the
purposes of this discussion, whether the power
of three fourths of the States to alter the organic
law is altogether unlimited, except by the reser-
vation in the amending clause of the Constitution.
It may well be doubted whether the people do npt
possess certain inalienable rights, of which a
minority, however small, cannot be divested by
a majority, however large. But the Stales formed
the Federal Government by a grant to it of their
sovereignty over certain specified subjects, and it
mustsecm to follow that they can also confer upon
it any other rights or powers which they them-
selves possess, in the manner prescribed by the
Constitution itself. By the adoption of that Con-
stitution the States transferred to three fourths of
their number their entire sovereignty, which can
beat any time exerted to augment or diminish
the functions of the General Government, save
in the two particulars excepted by special limita-
tion. Three fourths of the States can, by an
amendment of tjie Constitution, exercise through-
out the United States any power that a State in-
dividual! y can exercise within its own limits.
The institution of slavery is purely a creation
of law, and completely under the control of the
State in which it may exist, at whose pleasure it
may be modified or abolished. "VVhat the State
may do, the higher power to which by the adop-
tion of tlie Constitution the State voluntarily ceded
its whole sovereignty, except in two particulars,
is certainly competent to do, whenever itchooses
to assert its authority. In amending the Consti-
tution, three fourths of the States actually repre-
sent the whole; and the agent is invested with all
the powers that belong to his principal.
That this was the view entertained by the
founders of our Government is conclusively es-
tablished by the fact that a proviso, declaring that
" no State shall, without its consent, be afi'ected
in its internal police," was defeated in the Con-
vention which framed the Constitution by a de-
cisive majority. The power thus acknowledged
was never disputed from that day until the aboli-
tion of slavery by a constitutional amendment
became a practical question in the politics of the
country. 1 have never entertained udoubtofthe
existence of this power, and I am now convineed
that the time has arrived when it is expedient to
exercise it in consummating the amendment pro-
posed in the resolution now underconsideration.
Mr. Speaker, I never had any love for the in-
stitution of slavery. I always regarded it as a
moral, social, and political evil, and afiuitful curse
to any community in which it might exist. In
this sentiment I believe that 1 fairly represent
the views of the great bulk of the Democratic
party of the northern States. That party has
never been either pro-slavery or anti-slavery;
but it has ever been devoted to the Union and
the Constitution, and always consistent in the
position that the Federal Government had no
right to interfere either for or against the institu-
tion, except to fulfill the duty in regard to the
letuin of fugitive slaves imposed upon it by the
Constitution. Democrats of the school in which
I was educated believed, and believe now, that
under the Constitution as it exists, every State
has the exclusive control of the subject within its
limits, and that, the Federal power can neither
abolish it in a State nor prohibit it in a Territory.
The contrary doctrine we regard as lepugnant to
the very theory of the Government and inimical
to its peace and safety; and Democratic states-
men clearly foresaw and predicted that the as-
cendency of an anti-slavery party in the North
and in the Government would provoke an aimed
collision between the northern and southern States
of the Union. The Democracy cared nothing for
slavery. Its preservation or destruction was with
them a subordinate consideration in comparison
with the stability of the Government, the suprem-
acy of the Constitution, and the integrity of the
Union; and they accordingly exerted their ut-
most power to keep the irritating subject out of
party politics, and thus to avoid the tumble ca-
tastiophe which its agitation has brought upon
the country. As a party they did all they could
to prevent the war in which we are nowengaged,
and no portion of the responsibility for it rests
upon the shoulders of the northern Democracy.
They warmly supported the " Crittenden com-
promise, " and were perfectly willing to give to
the South any additional constitutional guaran-
tees that might be requisite for the future security
of their u peculiar institution."
For the sake of the Union the Democratic party
of the North would have cheerfully acquiesced
in amendments to the Constitution explicitly ac-
knowledging the right of citizens of the slave-
holding States to carry their slaves into the Ter-
ritories and hold them there until the new States,
upon their admission to the Union, should de-"
clare for themselves whether they would have the
institution or not. Forthesakeof peace and the
Union they would gladly have voted for the then
proposed amendment providing that the Consti-
tution should never be changed so as to destroy
or weaken slavery in the States where it then
existed. Had their views prevailed,and governed
the action of the Administration, all the blood
that has been shed and all the money that has
been expended, North and South, during the last
four years, would have been saved, and the coun-
try would have gone on uninterruptedly in her
marvelous career of prosperity and power. But
the voice of Democratic wisdom was disregarded;
men of extreme opinions controlled both sections,
and a civil war ensued, of which the end is not
yet—the South fighting for secession,and conse-
quently the perpetuation of slavery,and the North
for the Union, and incidentally for the abolition
of slavery.
The Democratic party, while sustaining the
Government, believed that the interests of the
country, of humanity, and of the cause of liberty
would be best consulted in a peace, in which both
parties must give up something for the sake of
agreement. They believed that there was no im-
passable gulf between the North and the South
which should prevent them from coming together
again under the same Government, and that the
issue of slavery might be of the greatest import-
ance in any negotiation which might be under-
taken to restore peace and reestablish a perfect
Union. They thought that both of the combat-
ants, weary of the carnage and devastation that
were desolating the land, and taught by dearly-
bought experience to respect the bravery and de-
termination of each other, would gladly consent
to a peace upon the basis of mutual concession—
the South surrendering its project of a separate
nationality and the North its hostility to the in-
stitution of negro slavery.
These were the views which prevailed in the
Democratic party a year ago, and made it then
practically a unit in opposition to the measure
now before the House proposing the abolition of
slavery by an amendment of the Constitution, in
accordance with its own provisions. As a life-
long member of that time-honored political organ-
ization, whose history is the history of the Gov-
ernment in its proudest days, and whose policy,
carried out by along line of wise and patriotic
statesmen, made this country what it was four
years ago, I raised my voice and recorded my
vote as a member of this House against the joint
resolution now under consideration.
The tone of the public mind at that time seemed
to me, as it no doubt seemed to all who agreed in
opinion with me, to foreshadow a change of Ad-
ministration and the accession to power of the
Democratic party, which we believed would be
able to check the red tide of war and induce the
South to return to the Union, by showing a con-
ciliatory spirit and giving it the fullest assurance
that all its rights and privileges under the Consti-
tution, as it exists, should be preset ved, and their
continued enjoyment of them for the future guar-
antied by such constitutional changesas might be
requisite to effect that object. The two parties
into which the people were divided prepared for
the presidential election with a distinctly-under-
stood issue. The party of the Administration in-
corporated this amendmentin the platform ofprin-
ciples upon which they entered the canvass. The
Opposition boldly declared for a cessation of hos-
tilities and a national convention to redress all
grievances, settle all dilTicuhies, and makean hon-
orable and lasting peace by a satisfactory compro-
mise. It was well understood that the principal
business of this contemplate! national convention,
should it ever assemble, would be to put at rest,
at once and forever, by the agency of amend-
ments to the Constitution, the vexed question of
slavery, which has disturbed the harmony of the
country ever since us agitation was commenced,
when Missouri applied for admission into the
Union. There was therefore no conflict of opinion
between the two parties as to the power to amend
the Constitution in regard to the institution of
slavery. Stripped of all side issues the main ques-
tion presented to the people for their decision was
whether slavery should be abolished and the se-
ceded States coerced into allegiance to the Con-
stitution, as it is now proposed to amend it, or
whether the war should be speedily terminated
and the eegis of the Constitution thrown around
the social system of the South. The people by
a large majority sustained the fir^t proposition '
and fully indorsed the policy of the Administra-
tion on the slavery issue, and I am now disposed
to bow in submission to that popular decree.
I have no doubt, however, that if the popular
verdict upon this momentous question had been
different from what it was, we should now be
in sight of the blessed haven of peace, for I am
fully persuaded that the olive-branch held out in
the election of the distinguished and patriotic citi-
zen and soldier who was nominated at Chicago,
and the indorsement by the northern people of the
principles enunciated by the Democratic party,
would have been hailed with joy by our fellow-
countrymen of the South as tne harbinger of an
honorable and a lasting peace. The ablest men
of the whole country would have come together
in a spirit of mutual concession and compromise
and resettled the foundations of the Government
so firmly that the superstructure might defy the
wind and the storm for ages yet unborn.
But this was not to be. The anti-slavery sen-
timent proved predominant. The candidates of
the Democratic party for President and Vice
President were defeated, and a Congress elected
which is certain to adopt the resolution now un-
derconsideration unless we anticipate then* action.
The question is settled by a popular verdict, which
I am not disposed to further resist. So far as the
national Government is concerned, slavery is no
longer a political issue. We cannot influence its
fate, which now depends upon the action of the
States in their individual capacity. And released
from all party ties which formerly bound them to
it, but which now belong to a past state of things,
the Representatives of the Democratic party in this
House are left free to act upon the question pend-
ing as in their estimation, individually, will best
promote the restoration of the Union, and pre-
serve our free Government. For my part, I shall
vote for the resolution, because, under existing
circumstances, I think its immediate adoption
will in a great degree tend to secure those objects
nearer than all others to every patriotic heart.
Now, and for the next two years at least, the
Democratic, party is, and must be, powerless in the
nation. It may embarrass, but it cannot change,
the policy of the Administration. For good or
for evil, the Administration now in power will
wield the functions and control the destinies of
the Government. Jt?nai/end the war and restore
the Union. At all events its opponents cannot.
Such being the case, I am unable to reconcile it to
my ideas of duty to stand between it and the peo-
ple. The Administration desires now to submit
this amendment to the States, and, in my judg-
ment, a Democrat may consent to this submission
simply from a desire to allow its policy a fair op-
portunity with the people, while holding himself
at perfect liberty to advocatc or oppose the amend-
ment in his own State,as circumstances may seem
to require. Sir, if this were an absolute enact-
ment to abolish slavery by legislation, in defiance
of the constitutional provision that the States shall
have exclusive control of their local institutions, a
widely differentquestion would ho presented from
that which is involved in the measure now pend-
ing. As, however, it is but a preliminary measure
to enable the people to practically reach and legally
pass judgment upon an importantissue which has
agitated the country ever since the formation of
the Union, I am unable to discover any violation
of the great principles of the political party with
which 1 have been identified thiough all my past
life, in recording my vote in favor of its passage.
| I am willing to accord to my constituents the priv- „
I ilege I enjoy, as their Representative, of person-
! ally passing upon this measure. Jt may be, sir,
| that the adoption of this resolution,at this par-
! ticular time, will be productive of beneficial results
j to the national cause, while it can certainly do no
i harm, since, in the event of its failure in this Con-
