526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
gress, it is sure to be passed by our successors in
these seats, who are already elected'by the people,
with a full understanding that they are to con-
summate this movement, and thus provide for the
complete extermination of slavery in the Union.
• Now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask my Democratic
colleagues upon this floor, of what possible ad-
vantage will the defeat1 of this measure be to our
party at this time, in full view of the fact that our
political opponents have the power to pass it im-
mediately upon our adjournment in spite of us,
and boldly proclaim their intention to do so at an
extra session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, to be
convened immediately after the 4th of March?
Looking at the subject as a party man, from a
party point of view, as one who hopes soon to see
the Democratic party again in power, this propo-
sition seems to present a desirable opportunity for
the Democracy to rid itself at once and forever of
the incubus of slavery, and to banishits perplexing
issues beyond the pale of party politics, no longer
to distract our counsel sand disturb the harmony of
ourmovements. It has been our seeming adher-
ence to slavery, in maintaining the principle of
State rights, that has, year by year, depleted our
party ranks until our once powerful organization
nas trailed its standard in the dust and sunk into
a hopeless minority in nearly every State of the
Union; and every year and every day we are
growing weaker and weaker in popular favor,
while our opponents are strengthening, because
we will not venture to cut loose from the dead
carcass of negro slavery. The institution of sla-
very was cruelly murdered in the house of its
friends when they raised the standard of rebellion
against the constitutional Government which had
ever protected it from the popular disfavor that
always attached to it in the North. When the
Representatives of the slaveholding States, with
base ingratitude, deserted the Democracy, which
had always sustained their rights, and left their
Beats in Congress, while, with our cooperation,
they had ample power to protcct slavery even
from such a measure as that now before the
House, they not only gave a death-stab to the
institution, but forever absolved the Democratic
party, which had always protected it, from any
further obligations to breast the storm of popular
sentiment which will continue to rage against it
in all the northern States until its prohibition, as
contemplated in the resolution now before the
House, shall have been incorporated into the Con-
stitution. It is plain enough to my mind that if
the Democratic party would regain its supremacy
in the Government of the nation it must now let
slavery " slide."
Why, Mr. Speaker, when the choscn Repre-
sentatives of thfe border States upon this door
stand up and advocate this measure in the elo-
quent and persuasive tones which we have heard
from the gentlemen from Delaware, Maryland,
Kentucky, and Missouri, who have spoken in
this debate; why, I ask, should the Represent-
atives of the Democracy of the free States any
longer contend against an inevitable result, cs^-
cialiy when no advantage from such contention
is to accrue to either our party or the country?
Two gentlemen from Missouri, a State whose
people have voluntarily abolished slavery since
this House adjourned last July, [Messrs. Rollins
and King,] who, at the last session voted with me
against this resolution, both of them being slave-
holders, have spoken at this session in favor of
it. They, who are far better qualified than I am to
judge of the justice and piopricty of this measure,
have become convinced by the events of last year
that the best interests of the country will bo pro-
moted by the passage of this resolution by the pres-
ent Congress. I agree with them, Mr. Speaker,
and I have become likewise convinced that the
best good of the old Democratic party will be en-
hanced by its adoption. Upon the consumma-
tion of this measure a new organization of parties
will be inevitable,and the slavery question being
forever disposed of, other issues connected with
the future interests and policy of the Government
will divide the people*, and it needs no prophet to
. foretell the speedy triumph of the true Democracy
with the gieat principles inscribed upon its ban-
ner by Jefferson, Jackson, and other patriots and
sages who have borne it aloft through the great
political struggles of the past.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, this House should fail
to rSspond to the popular sentiment in passing
this resolution, and the President should call
an extra session of the next Congress, at which
it should pass, as it undoubtedly will, so as to
become an issue in our State elections next fall.
In the light of past experience I would ask my
friends on this side of the House if we could rea-
sonably expect to successfully meet the prominent
question that would be forced upon our party.
All candidates for the Legislature would be con-
fronted with this measure, and all our elections
would necessarily be conducted with special ref-
erence to it. In the State of New York, if this
negro question .should be put out of our politics
by the adoption of this resolution in season for
the Legislature now in session to pass upon it, the
Democracy, I doubt not, will elect a majority of
both Houses of the next Legislature and reclaim
fall possession of the government of the Empire
State upon the expiration of Governor Fenton's
term. But if this question remains in issue I do
not hesitate to express my opinion that outside of
the cities of New York and Brooklyn scarcely a
Senator or Assemblyman could be elected next
November in the State. If my Democratic col-
leagues from the noble State of New York desire
to see it redeemed from the Republican misrule
which now prevails at Albany, I am confident
that the most direct way of approaching that rc-
sultwill be found in the adoption of the resolution
now before the House. Xt will dispose of the in-
evitable negro question and open an easy path to
victoryand the triumph of our party, in the popu-
lar vindication of the great principles which un-
derlie its foundation. The passage of this resolu-
tion by Congress, in season to be finally disposed
of by the present Legislature at Albany, will be
more disastrous to our opponents in the State of
New York than was the capture of Fort Fisher to
the rebels. It will explode their chief magazine
and spiketheir heaviestordnance. The way will
then be clear, and union and harmony being re-
stored to our ranks, the political power of the State
must inevitably come into our hands.
Then again, Mr. Speaker, m a national point
of view, it is barely possible that the misguided
people of the insurgent States, hopeless of estab-
lishing their independence, and nearly exhausted
by the unequal struggle they have so long main-
tained, may be willing to return to theirallegiance,
even under the present Administration, for the
sake of preserving the remains of slavery that still
exist. The adoption of this resolution will open
a way for the restoration of the southern States
without subjecting them to what they would
doubtless consider the humiliation of making
any terms with the present Administration in
regard to their peculiar institution. After they
shall have laid down their arms, Mr. Speaker,
under a general amnesty, and again taken their
places as equal and sovereign States in the Union,
they could vote upon this amendment, and the
other States would come to the consideration of
the subject with far different and more friendly
feelings than those which may actuate them now.
Perhaps?, sir, in this way the South may, through
the generosity of the loyal States, happy to wel-
come their 44 wayward sisters" back to the fam-
ily of the Union, yet save slavery from the doom
which certainly awaits it in any other contingency.
I have, however, little hope of such a result.
All indications go now to show that the rebel lead-
ers, undaunted by the disasters and undeterred by
the sufferings of the people whom they rule with
despotic power, are stubbornly determined to fight
on to the bitter end. They appear, since the
presidential election, to have thrown aside all
ideas of reconciliation which they may have be-
fore entertained—for I believe that a reconciliation
could have been effected had that election resulted
differently—and will now accept no alternative
but recognition or subjugation. Making every
other consideration suboidinate to their hatred of
the Union, and satisfied that slavery must die, they
have no doubt resolved to sacrifice to that passion
even the institution for the protection of which
they first raised their parricidal hands against the
Government. No rational man can doubt that
they are now ready to abolish slavery by their
own action, if that will secure their recognition
abroad, or the intervention of foreign Powers in
their behalf. And it is not at all impossible that
if they gained the former the latter would soon
follow. 1, forone, think there is imminent danger
of such recognition and such intervention, be-
cause I feel convinced that the monarchies of Eu-
rope, and especially the Governments of France
and England, regard it for their interest that a per-
manent separation between the North and the
South shall take place, and a balance of power be
established on this continent. The division of
the United States into two distinct and unfriendly
nations, both obliged to support large military and
naval forces, weighed down with immense debts,
and subject to all the burdens which depress the
communities of Europe, would at once rob repub-
licanism of many of the attractions with which
our example has hitherto clothed it, protect the
colonies of England on the north, and the nom-
inally Mexican but really French empire on the
south, from the " manifest destiny" with which
the reintegration of the Union threatens them, and
give to England anc^ France, through the exclu-
sive control of the cotton trade and the command
of the transit routes in Mexico and Central Amer-
ica, the commercial supremacy of the world.
Fully satisfied that these consequences would
flow from the success of the rebellion and the ad-
mission of the southern confederacy into the fam-
ily of nations, I huve always believed that France
and England would never allow the restoration
of the union of these States if it was possible for
them to prevent it. Their interference was not
to be feared when the rebellion was vigorous and
defiant, but the danger increases in proportion as
the rebellion shows signs of weakness and yield-
ing. One great obstacle, Mr. Speaker, has al-
ways stood in the way of foreign intervention:
the invincible hostility of the people of England
and France to the institution of slavery. That
obstacle the insurgent leaders are ready to re-
move, in order to claim the sympathies of the
world as a people fighting only for the right of
self-government, and abolishing slavery in order
to secure their own liberty. We, in this country,
know how utterly false such representations are.
We know that they began the war for the pro-
tection of slavery, that they have carried on the
war for four years for the preservation of sla-
very, and that they only consent now to abolish
it because they know its abolition is inevitable.
We know all these things, Mr. Speaker, but the
people of France and England do not know them,
and there is really great danger that the diplomacy
of the rebels may excite a popular sentiment in
those countries that will give their Governments
the moral support without which they dare not
venture to recognize the southern confederacy,
or actively intervene in its behalf. I deem it
of the utmost importance that our Government
should checkmate these designs of the southern
traitors. To enable it to do this, the adoption by
us of the resolution now under consideration is
indispensable. So it seems to me. By such ac-
tion we will show the world that the South has
abolished slavery only because it could not save
it, and that we are not clinging to an effete insti-
tution after those whom it most concerns have
given it up. We shall appear in our true light,
as a resolute and patriotic people, contending for
the life of the nation against traitors who rose in
rebellion for the sake of slavery, and now seek to
destroy the Government in revenge for the de-
struction of slavery. With the perfect apprehen-
sion of these facts which the adoption of this
resolution will give to the people of foreign coun-
tries, 1 do not believe that their rulers will dare
to lend either moral or material aid to our domes-
tic foes; and this, Mr. Speaker, has been a con-
sideration of great weight with me in arriving at
a determination to vote for the resolution under
consideration.
Such, Mr. Speaker, are the views and opinions,
somewhat incongruous, I confess, which have
brought me at last, after long deliberation, to a
conclusion, the stronger in that it has not been
lightly or carelessly formed. I feel it to be my
duty now to vote for this resolution, and I shall
do so whatever may be the consequences to me,
politically or otherwise. I may incur the censure
of some of my party friends on this floor, and
perhaps displease some of my respected constit-
uents; but to me the country of my birth and the
Government under whose benign protection I
have enjoyed all the blessings of liberty, and
under which, restored to more than all its original
splendor, and strengthened and purified by the
trials through which it has passed, I expect my
children and my children's children to enjoy the
