1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These correc-
tions will be made in the bill unless objected to.
The Chair hears no objection. They will be made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Itisknown tomany Sen-
ators that I disagreed with the system or policy
adopted in regard to the collection of internal rev-
enue, thinking it might, with better advisement,
have been better done; but I acquiesced in the
action of the majority and supported it because
it was the only thing that could then be done,
although I did not think that wisdom governed
the councils of those who had to do with the draw-
ing from our people the means whereby to sup-
port our war.
The first rude legislation of 1862 has not been
improved upon, but has been made more disin-
tegral from that time to this time, and this legis-
lation which is proposed now, and which will
receive the sanction of the Senate, and to which
it would be folly for me to offer any particular
opposition, is, of all, the farthest from the right.
This bill is full of wrong—wrongs to individuals,
wrongs to organizations, wrongs to the Constitu-
tion, arid to all principles of right. I have given
always my support, and given u cordially, to bills
introduced for the purpose of collecting revenue,
although I differed as to the policy; but to this 1
cannot give my support, for it is a bill that has
elements in it that strike at the foundations of our
Government. It means disruption, and that in-
volves destruction, and who will make the recon-
struction—who? Echo answers, who.
I am sad that I am compelled to acquiesce, with-
out the powerof resistance,in the legislation that
will be tlie result of this action. It is the tiger's
claws taking hold of the blocks that lay at the
foundation and turning them over, and not the
hyena's claws. There is more of danger and of
death in this bill than any measure that has been
brought before the Federal Congress since 1787.
Gentlemen may not see it now; it may not be in
their mind's eye; but it will come to them before
they are many years older. I say that one single
provision in which I have no mterestmyselfper-
sonally, that simple ten percent, provision driving
the States out of their authority to conduct their
own financial affairs, is a piece of usurpation that
amounts to tyranny, and it is the affirmation of
a power in the central Government absolute in
itself, ignoring all rights in the States, and inaugu-
rates—no, does not inaugurate, because the policy
has been inaugurated submodo, but this is the first
bold, wicked assertion of it, and upon those who
do it must the consequences fall. Uponthem they
will fall, and fall as the deluge came out of heaven
and as the waters of the great deep break up.
I want to say these things though gentlemen
may smile at the consequences. Some men only
live for a day, or think they only live for a day.
Some think they live for eternity. I, at least,
think in my place here I ought to live the age of
my country and do it full justice. If gentlemen
propose to establish a hierarchy, or a monarchy,
or an absolutism here in Washington and main-
tain it, very well. If that has become a thing
necessitated by the condition of our people, by the
want of public morality, by the want of public
justice, let it come; I am prepared to meet it. As
long as I believe in the faith of my fathers, as long
as I believe in the faith in which I was instructed,
as long as I believe in the faith in which 1 was
educated by the lessons of old antiquity and of
modern ages, I will not believe it. This bill con-
tains such features as tend to destroy the founda-
tions of the Government. I will vote against it.
The bill was passed.
M15SSAQE FROM TIIE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had further insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(EI. R. No. 683) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending 30th
June, 1866, insisted on by the Senate; and upon
its amendment to the sixth amendment of the
Senate, disagreed toby the Senate; agreed to the
further conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. J. F. Wilson of Iowa, Mr.
W. S. Holman of Indiana, and Mr. Thomas T.
Davis of New York, managers at the conference
on the part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives insisted upon its amendments
to the joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No.
89) directing inquiry into the condition of the In-
dian tribes and their treatment by the civil and
military authorities, disagreed to by the Senate;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. William Windom of
Minnesota, Mr. J. D. BALCwmof Massachusetts,
and Mr. Philip Johnson of Pennsylvania, man-
agers of the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A bill (S. No. 88) regulating proceedings in
criminal cases, and tor other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 649) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1866, and additional appropriations for
the current fiscal year; and
A bill (H. R. No. 763) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1, 1862; and to
amend an act amendatory thereof, approved July
2, 1864.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the Indian appropria-
tion bill. 1 believe that is the unfinished busi-
ness, and then 1 shall move that we take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I hope wo shall take no reccss.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to postpone
the consideration of the Indian appropmtion bill
until half past seven o'clock, and that it be made
the special order at that hour; and in the mean
time 1 will not interfere with the business of other
Senators.
Mr. POWELL. 1 hope we may have a recess.
Let us go and have some dinner. We have had
none to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
Indian appropriation bill—I believe it is now in
order as the unfinished business—and make it
the special order for half past seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The bill has not yet been taken
up.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view of taking up a little naval
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe my motion is
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has my motion been put
to take up the Indian appropriation bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not. It
is moved that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that it be post-
poned until seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be made the special
order.
Mr. GRIMES. And that it be made the spe-
cial order for seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be made the
special order for eight o'clock. ["Oh,no!"] I
have some other business that I want to dispose
of in the mean time.
Mr. SHERMAN. You will have an hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Eight o'clock
is named; and the Chair will put the question on
the longest hour first, according to the rule.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
605. This is a House bill, and as the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs propose an amendment to it
it must go back to the House in order to become
a law.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 9, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. RAMSEY called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Henderson, Powell, Kiddle,
and Sprague—5.
NAY S—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Dooiittie, Far well, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Iiarlan, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
McDougall, Nye, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—Ql.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckaiow, Car-
lile, Chandler, Collamer, Connese, Dixon, Hale, Harding,
Harris, Hendricks, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Mor-
lill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Jiichardson, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—2-1.
So the Senate refused to take a recess.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Senate to consider
Senate bill No. 419.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other bill now before the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I believe the Chair recog-
nized me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did so.
Mr. GRIMES. But this bill was taken up be-
fore the motion for a recess was made.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But I do not suppose it
takes precedence of all others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill No.
605 is before the Senate, and the Secretary was
about to read the bill when the motion for a re-
cess was made. That bill is now before the Sen-
ate, subject to the decision of a majority of the
Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 605) to
increase the pay of midshipmen and others. It
provides that midshipmen, after their final aca-
demic examination and until their promotion to
the grade of ensign, shall be paid at the rate of
$800 per annum while on sea service; that acting
masters' mates shall be styled mates, and the
Secretary of the Navy is to be authorized to in-
crease their pay not exceeding sixty dollars per
month. And hereafter mates may be rated, under
authority of the Secretary of the Navy, from sea-
men and ordinary seamen who have enlisted in
the naval service for not less than two years, but
such rating of an enlisted man, or his appoint-
ment as an officer, is not to discharge him from
his enlistment. Nopersonappointed or ratedon
officer or clerk in the Navy is to receive any
bounty while holding an appointment.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amendment
was in section two, line three, after the word
" pay" to insert the words "to a sum;" so that
it will read:
That acting master;,' mates shall be styled mates, and tho
Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to increase
their pay to a s\un not exceeding sixty dollars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
as an additional section:
Sec. G. Jlnd he it further enacted, Thatacting passed as-
sistant surgeons and acting surgeons may be appointed in
tin- same manner as acting assistant surgeons are now ap-
pointed, who shall receive the compensation of their re-
spective grades.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
be read a third time,and it was read the third time.
Mr. FAR WELL. I do not think I am in favor
of this bill, which proposes, as I understand, to
increase the pay of midshipmen after they have
graduated. That is one of the main features of
it. Am I right ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARWELL. Perhaps it is a small mat-
ter; but 1 do not think, when we are reaching
around in every direction, trying to get a little
money, that we should increase the pay of these
young gentlemen.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will permit me,
perhaps he does not exactly understand what the
bill is.
Mr. FARWELL. I want some explanation
of it.
Mr. GRIMES. The first section of this biii
proposes to increase the pay of midshipmen after
they shall have left the Academy and while per-
forming sea duty and before they are promoted
to the grade of ensigns. Under the organization
