THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PHOCEBDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1865.
New Series.,...Nck ?4.
then, is their object in demanding this change?
Let us beware that under a false pica other and
more nefarious objects are not really sought to
be obtained, and which it is feared openly to
avow; such as the establishment of freedmen's
bureaus with numerous hordes of political leeches,
confiscation of property, to be divided among fa-
vored victors, and kindred and equally objection-
able schemes which have found advocates upon
this floor. Above all this, in the abscnce of any
valid reason for bringing this proposition again
before the present Congress, let us make ourselves
sure that it is not in reality a covert attempt to
ascertain to what extent the Ameiiean people are
willing to consent that the sovereignty of the
States shall be curtailed and their form of gov-
ernment converted into a strong, centralized, im-
perial Power. It is not the fiist time in our his-
tory that such an attempt has been made. Nay,
sir, it was resistance to such an attempt that gave
existence to the Democratic party itself. There
are some of us who can remember the adminis-
tration of the elder Adams, who remember his
odious alien and sedition laws, and other meas-
ures of his administration destructive alike of the
rights of the States and the liberty of individuals.
i contend, Mr. Speaker, even admitting, which
1 do not, that the Constitution needs amendment
in leference to the question of slavery, that this
is not the proper time to agitate,much less to act
upon, so grave and important a question. Let
us wait until the nation shall calmly repose in
peace, and all feelings of enmity toward our err-
ing brethren of the South shall have subsided,
and good-will and harmony again prevail overall
sections of the country. Now, in the midst of
war, when passion and prejudice are inflamed to
their highest pitch, is not the time to essay the
amendment of our fundamental law; and the more
especially when it is admitted by the advocates
themselves of the proposition to amend that the
object they seek to attain, namely, the abolition
of slavery, lias already been accomplished. Let
us not, impelled by the mere excitemcnt of the
hour, engage in acts which may cau.se us to re-
pent for all future time. We have, Mr. Speaker,
in the history of one of our churches an apt illus-
tration proving how in our over-zeal to accomplish
an apparent right we may perpetrate the mobt
palpable wrong. The Methodist church in this
country was originally, and for many yearn after
its establishment, a piosperous and a united body.
Some years ago abolitionism made us appearance
in the church, and m the over-anxiety of some of
the members lor the welfare of the negrA, it came
very near being the instrument, in bad hands, of
woiiung grievous wrong upon a portion of their
white brethien. It was first insisted upon that
slaveholders should be disqualified from holding
the office of bishop in the chuich. This disquali-
fication was next extended to the ministry, and
afterward urged by some to tho extent of apply-
ing it to lay men by excluding them fiom member-
ship. A disruption of the church was the natural
consequence, and the sequel was the establish*
ment of two distinct and separate bodies, the
Methodist church North and the Methodist church
South. After the separation, the church South in-
sisted upon having their pro rata share ot the
property owned in common by the disrupted body,
and also a proporlionate share of the fund raised
for the support and maintenance ot aged and in-
digent preachers,(to which they had contributed,)
but the radical abolition wing of thr church North
denied their application. The injustice ot their
proceeding must be clearly manifest to every un-
prejudiced mind, and I icfer to it only as an illus-
tration of the extent to which men impelled by
an ultra spirit of fanaticism may become blinded
to the most palpable considerations of even-handed
justice. Of course the church South could not sub-
mit to be deprived of their lights and their prop-
el ty upon the simple plea that they were slave-
holders, and not to be lecogmzcd for that reason
afl pait of tho chuieh community, and they ap-
plied to tho Supremo Court of the United States
31
for redress. The result was a verdict in their
favor.
Does not this history, Mr. Speaker, afford us
a lesson and warning which we should heed? It
is not many years since the occurrence of these
events, and many who were participants therein
are yet 011 the stage of action. 1 have no doubt
that they are now satisfied that they were then
in error, and will agree with me that they should
not too hastily act where it is possible that hur-
ried action may cause injustice and wrong.
Let us then, in our action in reference to this
question of constitutional amendment, heed this
lesson, and be careful not to encroach upon the
rights or enslave the white man, under the mis-
taken idea that we are thereby benefiting the ne-
gro. A blind spirit of fanaticism, under the ex-
cited passions of the moment, if suffered to sway
our action, can bring harm only to both races and
to the country.
There is, Mr. Speaker, another reason which
should induce us to approach the consideration
of this question with great caution. Adopt this
amendment to the Constitution, force it upon the
States now in rebellion, and let the result be then
restoration to the Union, and who can predict
what stumbling-blocks may be thrown in the way
of the execution of the Federal laws on the sub-
ject? The abolition of slavery forced upon them
without their consent and against their will, it is
but natural to suppose that the people of those
States will riot feel particularly anxious to aid in
carrying the measure into practical effect. Every
one tenienibers the trouble experienced in theex-
ecution of the Federal law known as the fugitive
slave law m some of the States which now claim
to be filled to overflowing with what in modern
parlance is called " loyalty 10 the Federal Govern-
ment," but which, m my humble opinion, oftener
piu takes of the nature of party fealty than of that
of true patiiotiam. In opposition to that law,
some of the States adopted enactments going to
the extent of disfranchising officials or citizens
attempting or aiding to enforce it. Is there not, at
least, danger to be apprehended that other States,
following this example, may in like manner at-
tempt to thwart and interfere with the execution
of laws carrying into effect the abolition of sla-
very' Would it not be better to wait until the
people of these States themselves, by their own
acnon, provide for the practical abolition of sla-
very, or rather for the removal of the corpse from
which, we are told, the life has long since de-
parted. All the free States at the North have
done so, and Delaware, Maryland, West Virginia,
Missouri, Louisiana, and Tennessee are said to
have followed suit already. Why not leave the
causes which operated upon these States to woik
out the same efi'ects upon their sister slave States?
Mr. Speaker, the platform upon which I was
elected was " the Constitution as it is and the
Union asitwas." The Constitution was framed
by far brtterand wiser men than ourselves. They
are all gone, but they have left a record of purity
and patriotism that m my opinion casts far in the
shade the blatantclaims of the mostloud-mouthed
and loyal of all the " loyal leaguers" in the land.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I shall prefer to be
guided in my action by the landmarks laid down
by the fathers of the Republic, and which, ad-
lieied to three quarters of a century, bore the
ship of State safely and prosperously upon a
glorious career, and the disregard of which has
thrown the noble craft among the rocks which now
threaten her destruction.
I shall strive to pieserve inviolate the pledges
I have made to support and defend the Constitu-
tion. I have lived underit for half a century, arid
I but do justice to my constituency and reflect
their views when I say that they have not only
been hnppy and contented under the rule of the
Constitution, but will never consentto its amend-
ment until at least the necessity for it shall be so
! manifest that the question shall not be fairly open
: to controversy.
[ The abstract question of our right to amend
the Constitution has been discussed at length and
with great ability by members on both sides of
the House, but the debate has elicited little really
new. Conceding, even, that Congress has the
right to amend the Constitution in reference to
slavery as a domestic institution (whickl do not)
my position is that this is not the proper time
for this power to be exercised. The pretense as-
signed by some that Congress should abolish sla-
very for the purpose of benefiting the slavehold-
ers themselves is to my mind simply absurd. Are
they incompetent to judge as to what is best for
their own interests, and Congress alone compe-
tent so to do? That is the argument; and what
an argument it is to be seriously urged in a rep-
resentative republican Government like ours! It
is the old British theory-that "King and Parlia-
ment are omnipotent," and which our fathers
repudiated when they framed our Constitution.
Those who favor this theory are at least consist-
ent in advocating an amendment of this instru-
ment.
It is claimed by some that the result of the i «
cent presidential election affords conclusive evi-
>U;nce of the fact that the people are in favor of
amending the Constitution of the United States
so that it shall abolish and prohibit slavery. This
I deny. Whatever may have been the hopes and
wishes of ultra abolitionists, I insist that this was
not the issue made up and presented to the peo-
ple. In my own State, at least, 1 know that this
was not the case. What is the record in connec-
tion with this question? At the last session of
Congress this same resolution was submitted and
it failed to pass. The people had every reason
to suppose that would be the end of it.
There may be some who will claim that the fact
that Reuben E. Fenton received a majority of the
votes of New York State for Governor is to be
received as an indorsement of his act in voting in
favor of this proposition at the last session of Con-
gress. This claim, I imagine, will not bear the
test of the slightest scrutiny. There were other
causes which produced that result. The people,
in my opinion, were in many cases led astray by
brawling, hireling demagogues, who lived and
thrived upon the spoils of office; who misrepre-
sented the position of the Democratic party by
charging its leaders as being in favor of a dishon-
orable peace at the sacrifice of theUnion. In ad-
dition there was brought to bear in favor of Mr.
Fenton and his party the immense patronage of
the General Government; the army of custom-
house, post office, and internal revenue officials;
the employes in the navy-yard; Army and Navy
contractors, and others. Yet with all this aid^the
party supporting Mr. Fenton would have failed
(as 1 think even my colleague will concede) had
the thousands who were unable to deposit their
votes in New York and Brooklyn in consequence
of inadequate provision for their reception, have
been able to express their preferences at the bal-
lot-box, and the Democratic soldiers now serving
their country in the field been at home to vote
untrammeled. I feel assured no reasonable man
could have doubted but tha.t the State would have
given a handsome majority. Even as it was, sir,
Mr. I^enton'a majority was less than the number
of Government employes in the single city of
Brooklyn. I say, then, it is preposterous to claim
that the people of the State of New York voted
in favor of this constitutional amendment. So
far from the question being submitted to them, it
was carefully kept out of view during the cam-
paign.
The platform upon which those of us from
NewYork representing Democratic constituencies
stood when we were elected was, " the Constitu-
tion as it is and the Union as it was." My col-
league, I believe, stood there with me then; for
myself, I am content to stand there now. _ The
plnase, " the Constitution as it is," admits of
no misunderstanding; it is plain, direct, and un-
equivocal, and cannot be tortured to mean the
Constitution as a party majority see fit to make
it. " The Union as it was," I construe to mean
