1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. These two companies are in
addition to that?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; to be added to an-
other regiment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to strike out all of the ori-
ginal resolution and insert what lias been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That officers by brevet iu the
regular Army shall receive the same pay and allowances
as brevet othcers of the same grade or rank in tlie volun-
teer service, anil no more.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has proposed to me
to offer Senate bill No. 419 as an amendment to
this resolution; and 1 therefore move to add the
following as additional sections:
And- be it further i esolved, That the Paymaster General
of ihe United States Army shall heteafter have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of biigadier general.
And be it Juitket iesoloed, That there shall be added to
the pay depaitment ot ihe United States Army, as now
organized, two Assistant Paymaster Gencials, who shall
he, ex officio, inspector generals of the department, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of lnfanuy.
And, m addition to the two Deputy Paymaster Generals
now authouzed, there shall be added ten others, subject
to the same conditions and provisions as by existing laws
provided for Deputy raj-muster Generals.
And be it. further resolved, That the appointment to tlie
offices herein created shall be made by selection fioin
the officers from the pay depaitment of the United States
Army, including the additional paymasters and the chief
cleik, and who shall have had at least two years' ser-
vice and experience in the duties of the pay department:
Provided, That at least two thiuis of such appointments
shall be made from the additional or volunteei paymasters;
and alter such appointments have once been tilled, all va-
cancies occurring shall be supplied as now required by law
presenbed for oiiiei stall departments ot the Army.
And be it further resolved, That the AsMbtunt and Dep-
uty Paymaster Generals shall give bond )n the manner
now required of Deputy Paymaster Generals, and shall be
subject to any duty in the pay depaitment to which they
may be assigned by the Seeietsu.v of War.
And he it Jurther resolved, That whenever a pay dis-
tnetshallbe established,lor the charge, superintendence,
and command oi which no A=sistantoi Deputy Paymaster
GenciaJ shall be available as chief, the riecietaiy of War
may detail any paymaster or additional paymaster of the
Aimy to do the duties of such chief; and chu tug the con-
tinuance of such detail and duties, and no longer, the offi-
cer to detailed shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments
ol a Deputy Paymaster General: Provided, That the total
number of such acting deputies shall not at any one time
exceed ten.
And be it farther resolved, That the Secretaiy of War
shall have authority to detail officers of the pay department
fur duty as inspectors of such department, not exceeding
tour at any one tune, who, duung the continuance of such
detail and duties, shall have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of Deputy Paymastei Generals. And they, together
with the inspector generals heietn provided lor, shall have
the powei* and authority within their own depaitment now
by law and legulations confeued upon inspector generals
ot the Army.
And be it fuither resolved, That the provisions of this
isolation  hall continue and be in lorce duung the contin-
uance of the piesent rebellion, and one year thereatter, and
no longer: Provided, however, That when this resolution
shall expire ail officers who have been promoted trom the
pay stall'of the Army under this net shall letam their re-
spective rank in the Aimy, with such promotion as they
would have been entitled to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the second line of the sec-
ond section of this amendment, before the word
"pay," I move to insert the words " volunteer
or additional;" so that it will read:
That there shall be added to the volunteer or additional
pay depaitment of the United States Aimy,as now organ-
ized, &c.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is all right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment to tlie amendment being1 accepted by- the
mover of the amendment, will be considered as a
part of the oiiginal amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, as modified; and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Buckalew, Davis, Henderson, Lane of
Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, Morula Pomeioy, Powell,
Spragne, and Wilson—10.
NAYS—Messis. Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Far-
well, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
llam^ey, Simmer, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle.
Wade, and Willey—19.
ABSENT—Messis. Anthony, Brown, Carlile, Chandler,
Collamer, Conness, Haiding, Hains, Hendricks, Johnson,
McDougaJl, Morgan, Nesmith, Nye, Hichardson, Riddle,
Saulsbmy, Sherman, Stewart, Wilkinson, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer the following
amendment as a new section;
And bext further t esolved, That in all cases where non-
commissioned officeis, privates, musicians, or artificers of
cavalry 5>hall have lurnis-hcd, previous to the 20th day of
June, 1864. horses and equipments for the miliiaty seivice,
as provided by the act entitled C( An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enfoiclng ihe laws and
protecting public property," appioved July 22, l$61, and
who shall have continued in the service with such hoises
and equipments after the date first aforesaid, such non com-
missioned officers, puvates, musicians, and artificer shall
be entitled to receive the pay allowed by the said act of
July 22,1861, for tlie use and u=k of such hoises and equip-
ments so long as the same remained the private pioperty
of s-uch persons, and were actually u ed by them in the
military service; and nothing contained m the act of June
20,1864, entitled " An act to increase the pay ot soldiets in
the United States Army, and for other pui puses," shall be
construed to prevent the payment thereof up to the penod
of tune when hor-es and equipments shall have been lur
nished by tlie Government to such persons so engaged in
the seivicc.
This amendment is in the words of a bill re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs.
The act of 1861, which authorized the employ-
ment of volunteers provided:
That the allowances of non-commissioned officeis and
privates for clothing, when not lurmshed in kind, shall be
$11 50 per month, and that each company officer, non-com-
missioned oflicei, private, musician, and aititieer of cav-
alry shall furnish his own horse and horse equipments, and
shall receive loity cents per day fortheir use and usk, ex-
cept that in case the hor e shall become disabled, or shall
die, the allowance shall cease until the disability be re-
moved or another horse be supplied.
The act of July 17,1862, repealed that portion
of the act of 1861. The tenth section of that act
is in these words:
" Sec. 10. And be it juitket enacted, That so much of the
fifth section of the act appioved July 22, 1*61, as allows
foity cents per day for the use and n-k of the hoises of
company officers of cavalry, and the tenth section of the
atoiesaul act, approved August il, 1861, be, and the same
are heieby, repealed.''
That repealed so much of the act as allowed
company officeis to receive pay. The ninth sec-
tion of the act of June 20, 1864, provided:
" That so much of the fifth section of the not entitled " An
act to authonze the employment ot volunteers to aid in en-
loieing ihe laws and piotecting public piopetty," approved
July 22, 1861, pmwdes that each company officer, non-
commissioned oificoi, private, musician, and attificei of
eavahy, shall furnish his own hoise and horse equipments,
and shall receive loity cent-- per day lor then use and ask,
is heieby lcpcaled, exccptonlysotui u&thc&anieina> here-
after be made to apply and relate to mounted tioops called
into tlie service of the United Btatcs for a term not ex-
ceeding six months."
At the time that act was passed, during the last
summer, there were some cavalry regiments in
my Slate in active service and the exchange of
their horses could not be made. They were in
active service pursuing the enemy in the State,
and they were unable to make the exchange until
Price was driven out of the State. It will be ob-
served that this amendment does not exempt com-
pany officers; it only refers to the non-commis-
sioned officers and men who furnished their own
horses. I addressed a letter to the quartermaster,
Colonel Myers, in order to ascertain why it was
that these men were not paid. Great complaint
has been made on this subject. They were not
paid for their horses after the passage of thisact;
and I think, perhaps, under the strict terms of
the act, it was light that they were not paid.
The quartermaster replies to me in this way:
" I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication ot the 16th instant. The uud ot the rebels
into the State last fall occasioned some delay in pinehas-
ing the hoises of enlisted men belonging to cavalry regi-
ments reiving ni this depaitment. The mutter, however,
was attended to as early as piactieable. The men have,
as far as possible, been given an opportunity to pie^ent
their animals tor inspection, and the purchase is now com-
plete."
I need not read any further. It shows that
there was a delay in this matter in consequence
of the activity of these men m service at the
time. As the men had their own horses in the
service, and could not be mustered to some ren-
dezvous in oider to have their horses exchanged
and purchased by tlie United Slates, in accord-
ance with this law, I think they ought to be paid
during the short time that intervened until it was
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on tlie amendment, and declared that the noes ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will withdraw the
amendment. 1 consider it but a simple act of jus-
tice; but if the Senate is prepared to say that they
will not pay these men in the service for three or
four months that they were thus actively engaged
so that this exchange could not be made, 1 will
withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. . .
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it fmther enacted, That whenever the head o(
any bureau in the War Department accepts any position
of a higher rank than that provided for by law for the head
of said Inueau, then and in that case he shall be deemed
and held as having vaeatcd lus position as head of said bu-
reau, and shall be subject to detail lor tield and other duty
as other military officers.
Mr. NESMITIi. I should like to understand
the object of this amendment. I presume it ia
all right. I do not know, though.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We have by law pro-
vided that the heads of these bureaus in the War
Department shall have the rank of brigadier gen-
erals. The heads of these military bureaus aspue
to obtain higher rank, and we are called upor*
here to elevate them to higher military rank.
This amendment provides that whenever they
shall accept this higher rank they shall thereby
vacate their positions as headsof bureaus. 1 hope
it will be adopted. These men obtain higher
rank, and still retain the positions to which they
are appointed, which positions give them the
rank of brigadiergeneral. I think this is a mat-
ter of sufficient importance for the Seriate to place
it as an amendment to this resolution. Let us
stop somewhere this continual aspiring for pro-
motion contrary to law and in the face of law.
Mr. POMEfiOY. I do not know of any case
to which this amendment can apply unless it be
the case of General Meigs, and I do not think we
ought to make any special law on that subject.
If General Meigs has rendered such distinguished
service that the President thinks he is entitled to
the rank of bre\et major geneial, I do not know
of anything thatshould prevent it. He has been
nominated as brevet major geneial, and I do not
think we should pass a taw vacating his position
on that account. The President appoints him,
and I am for acquiescing in the will of the Presi-
dent in that matter.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 do not know why
my colleague makes an application of thisamend-
ment to any particular officer. This provision is
so important that I desiie at leasta division of the
Senate upon it. If it applies to General Meigs,
well and good. Let us hold these officers to the
law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish simply to inquire
whether this amendment has been considered by
any committee?
Mr. WILSON. It has not; but it is very plain,
and 1 do not think there is any opposition to it.
Mr. HALE. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment is simply
this, that when the head of any bureau accepts an
office of a highergrade than the law allows to that
bureau, he shall theieby vacate his position as
head of the bureau, and be liable to be sent to the
field in the grade which he has accepted. If he
takes the higher grade he cannot remain in a
bureau that does not allow that grade.
Mr. POMEROY. W hat 1 said was that I did
not think it necessary for us to make a special
law upon this subject, as there was but one ease
that would be affected by it; and as the President
himself wanted that officer where he was, I was
for acquiescing in the will of the President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will say to the Senator
from Kansas that this provision is not retrospect-
ive; it would not operate back; it is prospective.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to it if
that is so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator ftom
Wisconsin asked if this amendment had been
submitted to a committee. I submitted it to the
gentlemen who had charge of tins measure in ad-
vance, and they were content with it, and there
was no objection to it; and I hope the Senate will
pass it. it simply provides for holding these
officers to the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. There is one provision in the
first section of the substitute to which 1 wish to
call the attention of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. It is in these words:
That the measure of allowance for pay for an officer's
sei vant is the pay of a private soldier a* fixed by Jaw at tlie
time; that no non-commissioned oflieershall be detailed or
