530
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
the Union of former days, when constitutional
guarantees were regarded as sacred by all sec-
tions of the country, and the integrity of that
Union, with or without slavery, it will be my
tumble effort ever to preserve inviolate.
Mr. Speaker,there are those,and mycolleague
fsknwftg them, who plead as an excuse for voting
&r this proposition thatafterallitamountsmerely
t  a reference of the question to the people of the
{Jt&tes,and they are finally to decide the ques-
tion. This argument would, I confess, have some
force with me if it was a correct one, but so far
as NewiYork.is concerned it is not; The present
Legislature of the State will be in session long
after this Congress has ceased to exist, and it is
to that Legislature, who have already given ut-
terance to their sentimentsupon the subject, that
- this resolution, if U passes, wilt be referred. But,
■sir, as- a Representative in this House I cannot
fulfill the duty intrusted to me by shirking a re-
Spoiasibility which lam called upon to bear. My
constituents do not desire this measure. I fulfill
their wishes and perform my own duty in voting
egainst it.
> The Legislature now in session was not chosen
with reference to the opinion of its members or
•their probable action upon the proposed consti-
tutional amendment. No one will claim it, and
yet it is proposed by my colleague that they shall
■act for the people of the State on the subject. Di-
vided up as are the counties the Republican party,
"with a.bare majority of the popular vote of the
Staterhas nearly two thirds of the Legislature,
and judging from the acts of their Representa-
tives here it is easy to predict what would have
been their action. The people of New York will
never be permitted to give a direct vote upon the
^question. For one I will never conscnt that the
voice of my constituents shall thus be suppressed
and overriden.
Mr. Speaker, I am no advocate of slavery.
Years ago I was opposed to its extenaion, so far
as I could legally and constitutionally do so, be-
yond the limits within which it then existed. I
believed slavery to be an evil then, and. 1 believe
it to be an evil now. I have been charged with
inconsistency by some of my Democratic friends,
who, when the institution had powerful friends,
favored its extension, but who now, when its
power has departed, are over-zealous in efforts to
exterminate it. Nay, they are not satisfied with
its acknowledged death, but are clamorous to be
allowed to act as grave diggers at its burial. It
is, perhaps, the zeal which we are told ever in-
spires new converts. For myself I have only to
gay that i have endeavored to be thoroughly con-
sistent, My opposition to slavery does not per-
mit me to aid in perpetrating gross wrong. I hope
that slavery may be. abolished, and have ever
hoped so, but not through the impulses of a wild
fanaticism, surging on reckless of the rights and
interests alike of the slave and the slaveholder;
not by the exercise of doubtful powers under
the excitement of passion and prejudice, but by
Calm, careful, and considerate action. Let us
convince the States interested in its abolition of
its propriety, and let them abolish it, as under
the Constitution they may do, and as some of
them are doing. It is purely a local question,
and Congress might with as much propriety in-
terfere with the system of labor in the laige man-
ufacturing establishments in the East, as with
slavery in the South,.because evils are incidental
to both. These have ever been my views, and
they are my views now, and 1 cannot see wherein
J,heyarc inconsistent.
Among otherrodbons adduccd by my colleague
for favoring the proposed amendment, is the
alleged effect slavery produces in retarding the
growth and prosperity of the States where it ex-
ists as compared with those where it does not.
This is, in my judgment, jumping at conclusions.
Why, let me ask my friend, does New Yoik
show agreater growth and a greater degree of pros-
perity than New Hampshire or Vermont? Js it
because the latter arc slave States? Why, letme
ask again, does the city of Providence show a
greater degree of prosperity and advancement than
the city of Warren, both in Rhode Island, and
both free? He will look in vain to find in slavery
a solution of these questions. There are other
causes which prqdtjce the effects ascribed by him
solely to the institution of sia^eey* and my friend
cannot but admitthis if he compares thestatistics
of Louisiana orGeorgia with those of New Hamp-
shire or Vermont, or those of New Orleans with
those of Newburyport or Bennington.
My colleague further says:
"When labor shall be free at the South, then will it com-
mand and have the respect which i& its jus-t due. Then
will millions of the white men of the Nnrtli participate and
share in the blessings thus secured. The masses of our
native and foreign-born laborers, now toiling in the severer
climate of the North, will be invited to enter upon there
newly opened fields for-their industry and occupation. The
now hidden resouices of the States south will be developed
l>y the brain and muscle of the northern luboier."
I, sir, was of the class he alludes to. My Cau-
casian blood revolts at the idea advanced by my
friend,that were the negroes freed by abolishing
slavery the South would at once become the El
Dorado of the native and foreign-born white la-
borer of the North by allowing him the privilege
of laboring side by side with the African freed-
man of the South. We may as well expect the
most opposite things in nature to be reconciled,
the most incongruous to harmonize, as that such
a thing can happen. He needs but to take one
step further to advocate amalgamation.
1 hope, sir, that this hithertoglorionsand happy
country, the home and asylum of millions of
white men, will not be doomed to become the land
of a race of hybi ids, and thus by degrees be blot-
ted out of existence in accordance with the im-
mutable laws of nature.
Another question, Mr. Speaker, although of
great importance, appears to be silently passed
over by those favoring the amendment. How,
sir, are the expenses of this war to be paid ? Are
they to be borne and made a burden upon the
white labor of the North solely? Abolish sla-
very, and you destroy the ability on the part of
the South to contribute a portion of what they
should in justice be held to pay. Adopt the plan
of gradual emancipation, as proposed, and it is
reasonable to suppose they would be unable to
bear their share. The South have been largely
instrumental in creating this liability, and should
not be permitted to evade payment by affording
them an excuse for it. This cannot but be the
case, unless abolition at the South produces re-
sults totally different from those experienced else-
where, and the natural habits of the negro have
become entirely changed. Indiiect confiscation
of the lands, if they should under the circum-
stances be of sufficient or any value, will have to
be resorted to to get from the States now in re-
bellion what under a more humane and politic
system might have been more easily obtained.
Conciliatory action on our part, combined with
proper vigilance, is more likely to produce good
results than any system of violence and severity,
which only produces irritation and discontent, and
which is almost sure to result in lealinjuiy to the
white man, while of doubtful benefit to the freed-
men of Afucan descent.
I have briefly stated my reasons, Mr. Speaker,
for being opposed to the passage of any resolu-
tion having for its object a change in the funda-
mental law of the land, and shall vote against it.
In so doing 1 shall act not only as my own con-
victions piompt me, but 1 am satisfied in direct
conformity with the wishes of those whom I
represent.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, permit me to add
that I have been for thirty years a Democrat. The
experience of a long and not uneventful life only
lead me to place fuller and firmer faith in the prin-
ciples of my party. I have seen these principles
one by one stricken down, but in their fall I have
seen no advantage to my country. I see in this
amendment to the Constitution but the consum-
mation of a policy which has led to the bloodiest
war in history, and which has placed the fate of
the Republic more than once on the hazard of
battle. Upon you,gentlemen,upon the other side,
the responsibility for this measure must rest. I,
for one, cannot and will not aid you. You will
soon have full power; exercise it. Take all the
credit the act will bring, and assume all the danger
it involves. The Democratic party will stand by
its old and well tried policy, guided by its old
land-marks, under its old banner, and keeping
step to the music of the Union. I cannot wish
my country better, sir, than that the party op-
posed to that to which I belong rival the success
of the Democracy, and shall emulate its glory.
But I am constrained to say the past history of
the party in power excites m my breast but little
hope for the future. I am weary of the experi-
mental legislation, ending no man can tell in
what unfoieseen disaster. Of such legislation the
proposed amendment is a bad specimen, and I
shall vote against it.
Mr. ASHLEY. I call the previous question
upon the pending motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House on the 15th of last June re-
jected a joint resolution (S. No. 16) submitting
to the Legislatures of the several States a propo-
sition to amend the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. STILES. I move to lay the motion tore-
consider on the table; and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 57, nays 111, not voting 14; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Bliss, Brooks," James S. Biown, Clmnier,Clay, Cox,
Ciavens, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgcrton, Eidndge,
Fmck, Ganson, Grider, Hall, Harding, 1-Ja.ningvm, Kenja-
inin G. Harris, ChaiiesM. Hums, UoJmau,Philip Jolin-on,
William Johnson,~KalbfI('isch,Kernan, Knapp, Law, Long,
Mallory, William H. Miller, James 11. Morns, Momson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleion, Perry, Priiyn, Samuel J.
Randall, ltobinson, Ross, Scott, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stroase, Stuait, Sweat, Townseud, Wad-worth, Ward,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wwfield, Benjamin
Wood.and Fernando Wood—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, At nnid,
Ashley, Baily, Augustus C.Baldwin, John D. Baldw in, Bax-
ter, Buaman, Blame, Blair, Blow, Boutwell, P>oyd, Br.m-
degee. Brooin.iH, William <5. Brown, Ambiose W. Claik,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coffioth, Cole, Creswell, Homy
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Eliot. Fari^worih,
Frank,Gaifield', Gnoeh, GrinnclL Griswold, ltalc, Ilornelc,
Higby, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Uubt/.tid, John II.
Hubbard, Hulbnrd, IngersoH, J one key, Julian, Ka-son,
ley, Fiance W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knox,
Litllejolm, Loan,Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, MeUnde,
McClutg, Melndoe, F.unuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Mvers, Leonard Myers. Notton.Odell,
Charles O'Noll, Orlh, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeioy,
Price, William 11. Randall, Alexandei Id. Rice, John H.
Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rolling, Soheuek, Seo-
field, Shannon, Plonn, Smith, Simthers, Spalding, Stair,
Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Truey, Upson, Van Valken-
buigh, Elihu B. Washbmne, William B. Washburn, W  li-
ster, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilt-on, Wuidom,Wood-
bud^e, Wortlumiton, and Yeamau—111.
not voting—Mc-ms. English, Hutehins, Lazear,
Le Blond, Marcv, McDowell, MeKinney, Middletim,
Nelson, Radfoid, Rogers, John B. Steele, Voorhees, and
Whaley— H.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, stated that Mr.
Rogers, of New Jersey, had been confined to his
room several days by indisposition.
Mr. CRAVENS stated that Mr. Voorhees
was still detained at his home in Indiana m con-
sequence of severe sickness in his family.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Ash-
ley, to reconsider,
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 112, nays 57, not voting 33; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beamaii,
Blame, Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Bo> d, Biandegee, Bioomall,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Chuk, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, CofTYoih, Cole, Cteswell, Henry Winter Davis*
Thomas T. Davis, Duvves, Doming, Di.xon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Khot, English, Farns-worth, Fi.mk,
Gaifield, Gooch, Gnnneil, Gri-woid, Hale, Ilerriek, Uiyhy,
llooper, Hotohkiss Asahel W. Hubbard, John 11. ilub-
baid, Hulbuid, Inger^oll, Jewkes, Julian, Kas^on, Kelley,
Fraucit  W. Kellogg, Orlando Kelloet;, Kins, I\n x, Litlle-
john, Loan, Longyear, Maivin, MeAlli-tei > MeBude, Mo-
Chug, Melndoe," Samuel F. Millet, Mooiheud, MmnU,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myei-,Notton, OdeiJ,
Chnilos O'Neill, Orth, l'att«is on, Peiham. Pike, Pomeioy,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. lliee, John H,
Riee, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Seheuek, Seo-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smuhets>. Spalding, St.or,
Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Ti.iey, I/pson, Van Valk -n-
burgh, Elihu B. Washburne, Wilham B. Washburn, Web-
ster, Whaley, Wheelei, Williams, Wiidei, Wilson, Win-
dotn, Woodbudgo, Woithiugton, and Yeaman—112.
NAYS—Messis. James C. Allen, William J- Allen, An-
cona, Bli&s, Biooks, James S. Blown, Clianler, Clay, Cox,
Cravens, Dawson, Demson, Eden, Edajerton. Eldridixe,
Fmck, Ganson, Grider, tlali. llaidmg, Hamilton, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris., Holman, Ij'iulip John-
son, William Johnson, KalbHei&eh, Ktnnan, Knapp, Law,
Long, Mallory, William IL Miller, James. 11. Moms, Morri-
