1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
fmve occurred; or if such conviction be had in
the Districtof Columbia, then, and in such case,
the transportation and delivery shall.be by the
warden of the jail of said District, and the reason-
able actual expense of the transportation, neces-
sary subsistence, and hire, and transportation of
assistants and the marshal or warden, only, shall
be paid by the Secretary of the Interior out of
the judiciary fund.
It is also provided that it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to contract with
the managers or persons having control of such
houses of refuge for the imprisonment, subsist-
ence, and proper employment of all such juvenile
offenders, and to give the several courts of the
United States and of the District of Columbia
notice of the places so provided for their confine-
ment, and such offenders shall be sentenced to
confinement in the house of lefuge nearest the
place of conviction so designated by the Secretary
of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the thiid time, and passed.
LAW OF EVIDENCE.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (Ii.
R. No. C57) to amend the thud section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Governmentfor the year
ending thf* 30th day of June, 180*5, and for other
purposes,>f so far as the same relates to witnesses
in the courts of the United States was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill as
passed by the House of Representatives provided
that the third section of the act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1865, and
for other purposes, should be amended byadding
to it the following proviso: ^
Provided fwither, That in .unions by or against execu-
tors, administrators, or guardians, in which judgment may
be rendered for or against them, neither party shall be al-
lowed to testily against the other as to any tian«action
with, or statement by, th«s tevtatoi, interne, or ward, un-
less called to testify thereto by the oppos-ite party, or re-
quired to testify thereto by the court.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out nil after
the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That in the courts ot the United States there shall be no
exclusion of any witness on account of color, nor in civil
actions because lie a party to, or inteiestrd in, the issue
tried: Provided, That in action^ by or against executors,
adtmurstMtors, or guardian-, in which judgment in be
rendejed lor or ag-uiwt them, neither pai ty -dialI he allowed
to testily against the other as to any tians.iction with, or
statement by, ilie testator, intestate, or ward, unices called
to testify thereto by the opposite parij,oi icquned to tes-
tify thereto by the court, except in eases anting upon con-
tractu made with [he executor, administrator, or guaidian
of such estate.
Sec. 2. shid he it further enacted, That all acts and pruts
of aet.s inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same are hereby, icpcaied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest that if
the amendment be adopted it is doubtful whether
it can be acted on lrjr4+re House of Representa-
tives and secure the sanction of the House so as
to become a law, and as the measure is in legal
effect precisely the same, I ask that the House
bill be passed without the amendment. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] who has
examined this measure in the Judiciary Commit-
tee will say, 1 think, that the legal effect of the
House bill and of the committee's amendment is
precisely the same; and I aslc that the House bill
be allowed to pass, inasmuch as there is danger
of its being lost if it be sent back,
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Indiana, I
think, is right m regard to the legal effect of the
House bill and of the amendment proposed by
the Committee on the Judiciary. I did not agree
with the report of the committee, and am opposed
to that part of the amendment which limits the
testimony of the witness. That portion of it I
will read: " that in actions by or against execu-
tors, administrators, or guardians, in which judg-
ment, may be rendered fororagainst them, neither
party shall be allowed to testify against the other
as to any transaction," &c. in my opinion the
wiser and better way is to allow all persons in-
terested to testify, although the opposite party is
deceased, and the action is by or against his ad-
ministrator or executor. The theory on which
the testimony.of parties interested is admitted is
that they will tell the truth. It is true that that
theory is sometimes contradicted by the fact, for
cerUiiiily it sometimes happens that they do lie;
and so do witnesses who are not parties and not"
interested. This proviso goes upon the ground
that they always will at least avoid telling the
truth, and will impose a false claim upon the
estate of a deceased person if their testimony is
admitted. As I say, the theory on which we
allow interested witnesses to testify is that they
will tell the truth, or if they do not that a cross-
examination will expose their falsehood; and that
is equally applicable to cases where the opposite
party is dead, and where the action-is by or
against the executor or administrator of the de-
ceased party, and to cases where both parties are
living. I think it is better to allow the person in
interest to testify, leaving him of course subject
; to cross-examination, which I think in all ordi-
nary oases will test lus truth or falsehood; and it
will certainly be a wiser administration of justice
than will be secured by closing the mouth of a
party because the other party to a contract is
dead.
I do not think there will be any danger—cer-
tainly there has been none in States where the
experiment has been tried—in allowing all par-
ties in interest to testify; and where witnesses,
parties to a cause, are disposed to falsify if they
are allowed to give testimony, their disposition
to tell a falsehood and to impose upon the tri-
bunal before which they appear will be more
certain to be found out where they testify than
where they do not. It is safer to allow a party
that is a dishonest man to testify than it is to
allow him to proceed with his cause and not tes-
tify; his purpose to cheat and defraud will be
the more likely to be discovered.
When this change in the old law of evidence
was first adopted in this country, I believe that
Connecticut was the first State—certainly among
the first—that allowed witnesses to testify in all
cases without regard to int^est, and the law was
so general that even parties accused of ciime
could, if they pleased, come forward and testify;
and they did so. The consequence was that every
man who was guilty almost always convicted him-
self by his own testimony, and the law was al-
tered so as to except cnmmal cases. It was not
deemed fair that a criminal should have the oppor-
tunity ofcoming upon the stand to testify wherehis
testimony was almost sure to convict Jiirrw It is
true the law did not compel him to testify; but
where he had an opportunity to testify and did
not, it always created a piejudice against him in
the mind of the jury. If there was even snght
proof against hun, and he did not come forward
to purge himself, they would infer his guilt, and j
the consequence was that the law was repealed
so far as it was applicable to criminal cases, and
was confined to civil cases, leaving it, in them,
entirely open to ail parties interested to testify. 1
believe the result has been,m all States where the
experiment has been tried in the most liberal
manner, to do justice and promote the ends of
justice, i now move that the amendment of the
committee be amended by striking out all after
the word " tried" in the fifth line of the firstsec-
tion to the end of the section^so as to leave that
section to provide simply—
That In the courts of the United States there shall be no
exclUMon of any witness on account ot color, nor in civil
actions because he id a pauy to or interested in the issue
tried.
Such a law will be short, simple, and intelligible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the law now, is
it not?
Mr. FOSTER. The proviso restrains it,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must interpose, unless
this debate is arrested and the vote at once taken,
and call up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The time that i asked for
has expired, and I will not insist on going fur-
ther if the Senator from Wisconsin desires to go
on with the Indian appropriation bill-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do.
Mr. HOWARD. I venture to appeal to my
friend from Wisconsin to allow me to call up a
House bill relating to a ship-canal at Portage
lake, which is of great interest to his State and
mine.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot yield.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the Senator
from Wisconsin to allow us to pass the bill which
wo have been considering. I shall not want more
than two minutes to reply to the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand from gen-
tlemen around me that that bill will be opposed
and will be further discussed. I must insist,
therefore, on going on with the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Hale.]
The bill referred to by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is the regular business before the Senate.
continuation of wak committee.
Mr. WADE. There is a 'resolution on the
table to enable the committee on the conduct of
the war to complete their investigations. I de-
sire to have it taken up, so that the amendment of
the other House may be concurred in. There
will be no discussion on it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As that isa matter pend-
ing between the two Houses I give way to it.
Mr, WADE. The Senate resolution allowed
the committee to sit thirty days after the adjourn-
ment of Congress. The House amendment is to
strikeout u thirty" and insert " ninety." 1 move
that the Senate concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
KEPOHTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was leferred the bill (H. R. No. 795)
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties upon
foreign merchandise, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
five thousand /extra copies of the report of the
Committee tyri Indian Affairs in relation to the
condition of'the Indian tribes, reported in favor
oLlhe motion, and it was agreed to.
\ Indian appropriation bill.
TiW/Senate,as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumea the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
682) making appropriations for the current and
continjrentexpensesof the Indian department,and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1866.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer an amendment to
which there can be no objection. It is the same
provision that was contained in the last two In-
dian appropriation bills, authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to employ the money annuities
which belong to the rebel Indians for the purpose
of aiding in the sustenance of the loyal Indians.
The amendment is a new section:
•And he it further enacted. That the Secretary of the In-
tenor be, and he is hciuby,authorized to expend sueh part
ot the amount^ herein appropriated to earry into eflect.iny
treaty stipulations with any tribe or tribes of Indians, ail
oi any portion of uhom shall he m a stale of actual hos-
tility to the Government ot the United States, including the
Creeks. Jhe Choctaw--, the Chickasaws, the Scmlnoles, the
Wiehitas, and other affiliated tribes, as well as the Cher-
okee*, as may be found necessary to suppoii such individ-
ual members of said tribes as have been driven from their
homes, or ieduced to want, on account of therr friendship
to the United States, and enable them to subsist until they
can support themselves in their own countiy: Pionded,
That an account shall be kept of the sums so paid lor the
benefit of the said membejs of said tribes, which account
shall be rendered to Congress at the commencement of the
next cession thereof; and all purchase? of articles for the
puiposes above set forth shall be made of the lowest re-
sponsible bidder, after sufficient public nonce by advertise-
ment in appiopu.itc newspapers: Piovided alio, That the
paid Sectetnry shall not be requned to accept any bid which
is in his judgment unreasonable m its character: Prodded
further, That no part of said annuities shall be expended
for Indians outside of the Indian Territory South of Kansas,
except in providing for such Indians or families as are sick
or unable to remove to that Tenttory, and such as may be
driven out of that Territory by armed rebels, after the pas-
sage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I also offer the following
amendment, which is precisely m the words of a
bill passed by the Senate some days ago:
•Atid be it f ml her enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authoitzed and directed, iu
lieu of uie bonds for the sum of $230,000 appropriated lor
the u.-e ot the Choctaw Indians by an .ict en tilled " An act
making appioprtations lor the current and contingent ex-
penses, of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations wnh the Yimous Indian'tubes for the year end-
ing June 30,18Gi2v5A appioved March 2, 1861, to pay to the
Secretary of tUelnterior ,$250,000 fot the relief and support
of individual members of the Cherokee,Creek, Choctaw,
Chickasaw, Seminole, Wichita, and other affiliated tribes
of Indians who have been driven Irom their homes and ic-
duced to want on account of their friendship to the Govern-
ment, as contemplated by the provisions ot' an act entitled
"An act _makingappropuations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, arid for fulfilling
treaty stipulation* with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30,1863," approved July 5, 1863* *
The amendment was agreed to.
