1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now offer two additional
sections:
Jini be it further enacted, That for subsistence, clothing,
blankets, shoes, and for transportation of clothing, &c., for
fifteen thousand seven hundred destitute refugee Indians
in tlits Indian Territory and Kansas, for the six months end-
ing June 30, 1865, there be, and hereby is, appropriated,
$500,000.
Jln$ be it further enacted, That for subsistence, clothing,
blankets, shoes,.and for transportation of supplies, clothing,
&c., for destitute refugee Indians in the Indian Territory
and Kansas, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, there
be, and hereby is, appiopriated, $250,000.
This amendment is so important that I desire
very briefly to call the attention of the Senate to
the facts. The estimates of the Department are
for the quarter ending March 31,1865, $244,015;
for the quarter ending June 30, 1SG5, $371,000;
and for the next fiscal year, $830,000, if the same
object of expenditure shall occur.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no objection, let
the amendment be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some gentlemen inquired
of me the nature of the'amendment,and I deemed
it my duty to the Senate to call their attention to
it, for there may be some gentlemen who are
doubtful of its propriety.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to this appropriation in a very few
words, and then I shall ask for a vote by yeas
and nays. The appropriation proposed amounts
to $750,000 for the purpose of clothing, feeding,
and paying Indians on our border who are just
as well able to take care of themselves as any of
the families in any of the States on our border.
There are in the State of Missouri to-day hun-
dreds and thousands of white persons who are
more in need of appropriations of this kind than
these Indians; and I think, at a time when we
are straining every nerve, when we are stripping
ourselves to the girth to raise money, when our
armies are six months behindhand in pay, it is
not proper that we should here donate nearly a
million dollars, three fourths of which I believe
•will go in the shape of fraudulent contracts. 1
trust that the Senate will not assent to this amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I must
call the attention of the Senate dispassionately
but briefly to some of the facts. When this war
began, t'he Indian Territory was a flourishing
Territory. The Cherokees, about twenty-one
thousand in number, occupied the northern por-
tion x?/,the Territory; the Creeks immediately
adjoined'them. .When the rebellion opened the
Indians were divided. The Indians below the
Canadian joined the rebels. The Choctaws and
Chickasaws almost unanimously united their
forces with rebels. Joining with Magruder and
the rebels from Texas, they entered the Creek
territory,and a portion of the Creeks joined with
the rebels. Pressing through the Creek territory
they entered into the territory of the Cherokees,
and a portion of the Cherokees also united their
fortunes'with the rebels, and Stand-Watie, one
of the Cherokee chiefs, has been a rebel and is to
this day in alliance with the rebels and fighting
against the Government of the United States. But
the large majority of the Cherokees, and a ma-
jority of the Creeks, and a large portion of the
iSeminoles, remained true and loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States; and after the war had
progressed, with a unanimity which 1 believe has
existed nowhere else among the loyal Indians the
male Indians, boys and men, have been enlisted
into the armies of the United States; and from
the withdrawal of our troops in the Indian coun-
try, the rebels and their Indian allies have been
let in upon the Cieeks and the Cherokees; and
they drove oat twenty thousand old men, women,
and children, into the State of Kansas. There
they were refugees in thatState, and we were com-
pel led, as they were upon our hands, to provide for
them. Since they have been been driven out of
their own country the rebel armies have been fed
upon the flocks and the herds ttyu belong to these
Indians in the Indian Territory. Our own forces
on. going back into that Territory have supplied
themselves also, until now that country is to a
very great extent stripped of its resources and
laid, waste.
Mr. President, better than any language I can
use is the description which is given by the agent
of the Cherokees, Mr. Justin Harlan, a gentle-
man who is well known in the State of Illinois*
and upon whose statpmentevery man who knows
him will certainly rely. Mr. Harlan says:
t( As near as I have been able to ascertain from all the
sources at my command, I judge there are not far from
twenty-one thousand (Jheiokee?., pioperly called the na
tion. Of these, about fight thousand, in the year 1862,
joined the rebels, and almost all the men have since en-
tered the rebel at my, and are now bejond the Aikansas
river. Most of their women and children have aI?o left
tiie Cherokee territory, most likely never to be allowed
to return to or fonn part of the Cherokee nation. The
balance of the nation are loyal; almost all the men and
large boys arc in the Union Aimy,and doing good service.
Many have been killed in battle, and rliedof wounds, sick-
ness, and exposure.
44 The women and children have been still more exposed
to sickness. and death than tin- men, and great numbers
have died. Robbed by the rebel army and driven from their
houses, some took iclugc in the mountains, and others fled
out of the Teriitory in inclement weather, and by exposing
contiaeted disease of which they died; and many otheis,
no doubt, are yet alive who will die Horn the same cause.
<k It is believed that theie are many now in the lebrl army
who were loyal hut were torced into the rebel service. I
have, however, very serious doubts whether that is true to
any considerable extent; butoi this [ am satisfied, that
theie are inoie dn-loyal Cheiokee* in the nation, who ad-
here to the rebels, than there are of those who are loyal.
From all sources ot information in my reach, I think there
are ielt nine thousand loyal Cherokees, and that tiiey are
determined never to foigive the disloyal, or permit them
to live in orfoim a portion of the Cherokee nation. They
have a clear majority and iiave possession. If they re-
main firm, and 1 believe they will, 1 do not doubt that tli.it
portion of the Cheronees now absent will never return to,
or be any part of, the Cheiokee nation m future.
" Their condition is the most pitiable imaginable. They
were, only a few year-a ugo, the most powerful, wealthy,
and intelligent Indians in the United Slates, and were
proud of their power, wealth, and intelligence. They are
now reduced to a third-rate power among Indians, and
tlieir wealth all gone. They iully understand'their posi-
tion, and are humbled. At the breaking out ol the pre^nt
rebellion the Cherokees attuned a neuiiality,but the rebel
army loiced them to take sides, ami they joined the rebel-
lion ; but when the Union army drove the lebeU out, llie
loyal portion returned to their allegiance and still remain
loyal.
" During the summer of 1862 our Army drove the rebel*
out, and enlisted anno-t all the able bodied Cherokees into
the Union Army, and immediately left the countiy, and
took the Indian soldiers with them, and left the women
more exposed than they weie befoie." _ |
This is a fact which should not be forgotten.
"The rebels, maddened at their conduct, followed up
the retreat of our Army, and robbed the women and elul
dien ol ail they wanted, and destroyed without hinduianee
large amounts ot pioperty valuable to the lamiiies The
Union At my again, in the la^t lall and wintei, advanced
and fought several successful battles and drove the enemy
across the Arkansas river, and again letreatcd into Mis-
souri and Arkansas, and again leit the lebels to their re-
venge ou the women and children, of which they took ad-
vantage, and again robbed and plundered.
" During the last winter (186-2-63) the military authorities
became much interested in the welfare ol the Indians and
in their eaily removal to then homes, and, by public procla-
mation, asnmd them that they had piotecied and would
piotPet them there. The Indians believed it, if 1 did not.
They fretted at the delay in removing them home, com-
plained, and the military eneouiagid them to pi ess the
matter upon me. I piomised the military as «oon a- they
drove out the rebeN I would take them home, and would
follow them in a week at the furihe>t. The military seemed
absurd, and the Indians also. Tardy as f wa& chaiged with
being, 1 beat the army to Tahlequah by about two hoius.
Induced by imlitaiy promises, the Indian* scattered them-
selves over the entncTerntor'y. Colonel Stand-Wane [the
rebel Indian duel} then entered the Territory in three dif-
ferent raids and drove the women into Fort Gibson, took
everything he could ride ordrive or cairy off, and de^troyt d
their crops, and prevented tlx* tending ot ever) thing planted.
Seeds of all kinds, and (arming took were furm-hed by the
Government, and all lost, nothingsaved. What wheat was
sown was not saved ; there was nobody to save it but the
militaiy, and they were holding Fort Gibson. Tluee thou-
sand five hundred men, a shougfoit, and six cannon were
all required to hold Foit Gibson and the Territory as far as
tlie cannon would leaeii.
Watie, with seven hundred ragamuffins, was permitted
to rob at will over the whole Teiritory. If anything was
left by Watie, it has not yet been found. Destitution, total
and entire, followed his last raid."
This is the description given by Mr. Justin
Harlan as to what occurred up to that period in
the history of this war in relation to that people.
They were then driven out into Kansas. Subse-
quently they were removed when it'was believed
they could be safely removed to their own Terri-
tory; but the failuie of the Red river expedition
—you wilt remember that the Indian Territory
reaches down to the Red river—reopened that
country again to the ravages of the rebels. The
truth is that in the Indian Territory beyond the
Arkansas river we have never vet taken and held
military possession. The rebel Indians and their
allies hold the country below the Canadian.
We were under treaty stipulations with the
Cherokees and Creeks by which we bound our-
selves to defend them against invasion and against
all depredations to be committed upon them. We
look their wanior# into our At my, and a 8 soon
as we enlisted them we withdrew the very Army
into which fye had enlisted thi*m fttfd loft
men and children tobethe prey of rmrcitfesifsav-
ages and rebels; ami they were driven out under,
circumstances beyond all power of language'to
describe, and they came in the midst ol , winter*
half-clothed, with bleeding feet and frozen limbs
and starving, intotheState of Kans&a* wheivthvy
remained for a considerable time upon sorweof the
Indian reservations in that State, '
Mr. BROWN. Permit me to ask (he Senator
a question. Were not these very Indians driven
out by those Indians "whom he claims we are
bound to protect? Were they not driven out-by
members of their own tribe ? *■
, Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some. I agree that a por-
tion of the-Cherokees arc in hostility against the
United States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Our treaty stipula-
tions required us to protcct them against their
own people.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Our treaty stipulations
bound us to protect these people, to protect them
in the enjoymentof peace, to protect them against
invasion, and we have by a law of Congress di-
rected them to be removed from Kansas into their
own Territory. Driven out as a people they were
becoming demoralized. They were driven out
in a herd together, families broken up, all their
houses and arrangements broken up. They were
becoming demoralized* end it was felt that there
was a necessity upon us, if it were possible,-to
send them back to their own homes. We have
sent them there, but, as I have said, the failure
of the Red river expedition has not given Unit
kind of peace to the Indian Territory which has
allowed them to cultivate the soil, to raise what
is necessary for theirown sustenance. They are
upon our hands,and the simple question is whether
they shall starve or whether they shall be sup-
plied. When you look into the estimates which
ate made fur supplying these people you find that
they are upon this basts!
For the subsistence of fifteen thousand seven tmndmt
destitute lelwjee Indians in the Indian Territory and Kan-
sas Itoin the i.-t day ol Jauuaty to March Hi, 1805, boih In-
clusive, ninety days, at tho rate of fifteen eeuta per day
each, (ourteen thousand one hundred mjuIs In the Indian
Teriitory and one thousand six hundred lu Kansas at tea
cents a day.
Mr. Coffin, the superintendent, who makes this
estimate, puts their daily support at the rate of
fifteen cents a day in the Indian Territory and
ten cents a day in Kansas. The committee,'how-
ever, in the report which they make and in tile
amendment which they have moved, do not coma
up to the estimates whirh were made by M"r.
Coffin and by the Interior Department. They es-
timated for the quarter ending March 31, 1865,
£244,000, and for that ending June 30, 1865,
§371,000, amounting in all to over $600,000 for tho
present fiscal year; whereas the committee have
recommended but $500,000 for that period. For
the yenr to come the superintendent estimates
$830,000, and tiie Department recommends an ap-
propiiation of $600,000; but at the same titnetha
Secretary of the Interior expresses the hope that
some good turn of fortune may intervene and we
may be saved from the necessity of the expenditure
of that money or a considerabie portion ot it. The
committee recommend an appropuation for the
next year of only $250,000. Under the action of
Congress directing tiie removal of these Indians,
under the action of the Secretary of the Interior,
under the state of the case as it exists, I think that
these appropriations are necessary to be made.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] the other day made a remark ill relation
to these Indians which, if he were present, I
should be glad to nonce fora single moment; but
he is absent, and I shall not take up the tune of
the Senate any further than to say that one of the
reasons why the committee reported the bill for
the organization of a civil government over the
Indian Territory grows out of the facts which I
have stated in the course of my remarks on this
occasion. The fact is that anarchy reigns through-
out that Territory; the Indians, who were once
rich and powerful and were a nation,and worthy
to be regarded as an independent nation, have
been peeled and stripped and impoverished and
broken down; and we think that some kind-of
governmental organization which will-give motal
force, and at lhe same time sccure the Tetntoiy
for the Indians and only for the Indians, may lut
