1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
T
them upon their feet once mure and establish
them again in their nationality. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 do not wish to go into that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be glad to ask a
single question of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian-Affairs. If I understand rightly,
there are about fifteen thousand Indians in Kansas
now who are in some sort provided for by the
United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not in Kansas. There
are fourteen thousand one hundred souls in the
Indian Territory and sixteen hundred souls in
Kansas still of these Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not at all material to
my purpose where they are. What I rise to in-
quire about is whether these fifteen thousand In-
dians are now supported chiefly or wholly by the
Government of the United States; whether they
are dependent on our contributions, our charity,
our benevolence, or whether they provide for
themselves in some degree? I wish to ascertain
how they have been supported during the last
two or three years, and how long this state of
things is to exist. I inquire merely for informa-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we had peace, and the
Indian Territory was at peace, I believe they could
begin this season and raise their own support after
this season; but they are in such a condition, the
very Territory where they are is in such a condi-
tion, that it is impossible for themin peace to cul-
tivate the soil at present.
Mr. HOWARD. Then this follows, I sup-
pose, that we are now actually supporting these
fifteen thousand Indians, we are paying for their
bread and meat, or for their subsistence. My
question is, how long it is probable we shall
be compelled to do this. It is a very heavy charge
on the Treasury.
Mr. DOOLl'I'TLE. My hope is that we shall
not be compelled to do it after this year; but if
the war continues we shall have to do something
howard their subsistence or allow them to starve.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have heard so much of a
5j painful character in regard to the manner in which
these Indians have been cared for m Kansas 
Mr. POMEROY. There are nono of them in
Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have heard so much in
regard to their treatment there, and since they
have been sent back to their own country, that
the subjectis a painfulone to me. I do not know
but that common charity compels us to do some-
thing for these Indians; but i believe that if wu
could protect them from our own race, if we could
leave them alone without a dollar, with no white
man, woman,or child within fifty miles of them,
they could take better care of themselves than we
could of thent with ail our appropriations for
them. Their troubles havo grown out of their
contact with the white men. They were driven
out of their own Territory into Kansas first by
the rebel whites and by the rebel Indians. They
were there impoverished, and if the statements
I have heard often made by persons from that
State are to be relied upon, they wero in many
cases cheated arid badly treated.
Mr. POMEROY. They were badly treated in
Ohio before they ever came into our State.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were badly treated
there, no doubt; the Wyandotte Indians were
driven from their home; I remember well their
emigration from Ohio to Kansas, when I was
quite young. I believe that tribe is now nearly
extinct. The Chickasaws and the tribes from
the Arkansas are, I believe, gradually fading
away; perhaps we ought to appropriate some
money to take care of them. It is always a pain-
ful subject to me whenever I hear anything about
the Inuians, because I believe their worst ene-
mies are those of our own race who arc brought
in contact with them.
I do not myself see any proper basis for this
; very large appropriation. The statement before
me, which is furnished to me by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, among the other items
to make up the sum of $830,000 for the next fis-
cal year, under the head of « contingencies,"
has this: " oife thousand bushels of seed-corn, at
twelve dollars per bushel." When I was in Iowa
not masiy years ago seed-corn was worth about
fifteen cents a bushel, and" now it is probably
worth fifty to sixty cents a bushel. It is here
estimated at twelve dollars a bushel west of Ar-
kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. What does the Senator quote
from?
Mr, SHERMAN. From a document giving
the detailed estimates which make up this sum.
Mr. HARLAN. I can give the Senator the
elements in the calculation by which he can ar-
rive at the value of corn in the country where the
Indians are.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
Senator on that point. Probably he is better in-
formed than I am.
Mr. HARLAN. At the request of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, under
a resolution of the Senate passed at the last ses-
sion, I visited Kansas near the present location
of these Indians, preceding the commencement
of this session. I learned there that persons were
hired to haul goods and corn to these Indians at
the rate of five dollars a day, the party defraying
his own expenses for a wagon and two horses;
that a team would haul on an average one thou-
sand six hundred pounds; that they would on the
average be about thirty days in making the round
trip. Corn at that time was worth m Kansas
about a dollar a bushel; it is, I understand, now
worth about a dollar and a half. Estimating,
then, the cost of the hauling and the cost of the
corn, connected with the number of pounds that
a team will draw down through that country, it
will make the current cost about twelve and a
half cents a pound at the present price of corn, a
bushel of corn weighing about fifty-six pounds.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ido not know but that we
had better bring these fifteen thousand Indians to
the city of New York, and send them to the Astor
House or some other comfortable place and take
care of them. The same rule, applied to the sup-
port of all the people of the United States would
ruin us as a nation in six months. These fifteen
thousand seven hundred destitute Indians are to
cost us §1,000,000, and this in addition to other
appropriations. The ordinary appropriations to
carry into effect (he Indian treaties are contained
in the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. This isa special appropriation. They
are exhausting all their Indian fund. One amend-
ment before offered by the honorable Senatorfrom
Wisconsin appropriates §250,000, the principal
of bonds upon which they were to draw interest.
Instead of continuing to draw the interest, the
principal is^ow to be paid to them.
I am not prepared to say that there ought not
to be some appropriation made for the care and
maintenance of these Indians, but it seems to
mo that the principle of spending $1,000,000 for
the care of fifteen thousand seven hundred In-
dians, at a time when we are involved in war, is
a very erroneous one. If the able-bodied Indians
of this tribe are employed in the Army, as it is
said they are, they are paid precisely like white
soldiers; they draw their clothing, and they draw
their pay, and they can support their families.
It seems to me there is no just basis for so large
an appropriation. I am not, however, prepared
with facts, nor have I access to facts,on which I
can oppose it.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Ohio will
give way, I desire to offer a substitute for the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause of its first section, and inserting the
following:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to furnish the so-called refugee Indians in the Indian
Territory Mich temporary relief as may be absolutely ne-
cessary during the residue of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1865, to be furnished out of any funds that may be at
Ills disposal for the support of refugees.
This amendment of mine proposes to place the
care of these Indians, so far as it may be neces-
sary, under the Secretary of War, who is far
moro competent to judge and direct in this matter,
I think, than the Indian department itself. If
most of these Indians, as is stated here, are enlisted
in the Army of the United States, they are draw-
ing pay, and their families can be better provided
for and belter supplied by the Secretary of War
in cognizance of all the facts that come within the
range of his observation and that of the military
authorities, than they possibly can through the
Indian Office. I trust, therefore, as this is pro-
posed to be merely a temporary matter, thatthese
refugees will be placed upon the same footing and
upon no other footing than the white refugees of
the border States, and that the Secretary of War
may have the opportunity which this amendment
will give him of extending to them the same re-
lief which is occasionally extended to white refu-
gees by the military authorities, and no other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 wish the Senate fully
to understand the question. These Indians are
to be cared for; I do not suppose that any person
would propose to allow them to starve to death,
and unless the Indian department, which by law
has charge of the Indians, is intrusted with their
care and with furnishing the means by which to
provide for them, the War Department must as a
matter of course do the same thing; but I ven-
ture this prediction, that every expenditure made
by the War Department in the care of Indians
will cost the Government three times as much aa
a proper administration of the funds in the hands
of the Indian Bureau. Of all the expensive and
extravagant modes of providing for or dealing
with an Indian people the attempt to do so through
the commissary department and the quartermas-
ter's department of the Army is the most so.
In relation to this matter of these very refugees,
last year the Indian department asked for the ap-
propriation of four hundred or four hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars. That was denied;
some two hundred thousand dollars was given,
and it has involved the department and the Gov-
ernment in the deficiency necessary to provide for
their support, because sufficient appropriations
were not made. In relation to the Indians of New
Mexico, the Indian department asked last year
for an appropriation large enough to produce irri-
gating canals, and so arrange matters that the
Navajos could provide for themselves. Only a
small appropriation was given. The War Depart-
ment, however, had those Indians upon their
hands, and have contracted, through the com-
missary department for the supplies to feed them,
at the rate of nearly twenty-two cents per pound,
amounting to more than a million dollars, and
nobody raisesany question of it. Run this affair
through the commissary department and the quar-
termaster's department, where you m^ke your
appropriations not specific for a given purpose,
but where you make them in a general form of
fifty million or one hundred million dollars with-
out any specific estimates, not for any specific
purpose, and allow them to draw upon the gen-
eral fund.that is appropriated and put at the dis-
posal of the department; do that in this case and
you will not make it as economical on affair so
far as the Government is concerned.
I tell you, Mr, President, that if the commis-
sary department and the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Army were compelled, as the Indian
department is,to makespecinc estimates for each
specific appropriation, the people of this country
would ascertain where the money goes. The
truth is that there is no control whatever practi-
cally over the expenditure of money through these
great departments, the commissary and the quar-
termaster's department. You come in here and
pass for them bills appropriating two, three, four
hundred millions at a time without any question;
but if a proposition is made to provide for fifteen
or sixteen thousand starving men, women, and
children who are on our hands, on the hands of
the department where you have placed them,
when you have not only authorized but directed
that department to look after them, and an appro-
priation of $1,000,000 is asked for, we always
meet with just this opposition.
So far as I am concerned personally I have no
greater interest in it than any other Senator here.
I do not believe it will be a measure of economy
to support these Indians by rations from the War
Department. The estimates for these Indians in
the Indian Territory are at the rate of fifteen cents
a day. Will fifteen cents a day answer if the
commissary department takes care of them ? If
the Senate are so disposed, they can try it; turn
the Indians over to the War Department, if you
choose; take them away from the Indian depart-
ment; direct the Indian department to bring home
their superintendents and their agents; change
the whole system, if you will, but I do not think
it would be wiBe.
Mr. HARLAN. Some three years ago, when
