1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
|303
SUPPLEMENTARY PENSION ACT.
Mr. FOSTER.. 1 have in my charge from the
Committee on Pensions a single general bill mak-
ing a slight alteration in the pension laws, and
four or five little bills of a private character which
will not affect the public materially, but are of
freat importance to the individuals concerned,
'he whole together, I pledge myself, will not
take over fifteen minutes. I ask as a favor of the
Senate that they grant me that time to dispose of
these bills.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator's bills can be
acted 011 in so short a period I will not stand in
his way, but I have been waiting a long while to
ask the Senate to vote on the bill for the organ-
ization of a government over the Indian Terri-
tory. I believe no member of the Indian Com-
mittee desires to discuss the question. They
desire, however, a vote of the Senate on the
passage of tlmt bill. I give notice that when
these bills of the Senator from Connecticut have
been acted on I shall attempt to get the floor to
call up that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I also give notice that 1 have
a bill which f am very anxious to get a vote on
to-night, and I have risen more than thirty times
in the hope of securing the attention of the Chair
that I might move to take up the bill which I
have in my hands.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest that we allow the
Senator from Connecticut to have his bills passed,
and then we can get to our bills; we are all in the
condition of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
hope we shall go right on and work.
Mr. POMEROY. There is one item that was
ruled out of the Indian appropriation hill because
it was not in order; there was no objection to it
except on the point of order on which it was
ruled out. I wish to introduce.it and have it
passed as a separate bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 756)
supplementary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions, report it back with an amendment. The
amendment is to strike out the fifth and sixth
sections.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
"Whole. It provides in the first section that no
pension shall be allowed to any person as an in-
valid for any period of time during which he re-
ceived, or has become entitled to receive, for ser-
vices rendered to the United States Government
in any capacity, the full pay which able-bodied
officers or employes rendering like services are
allowed by law.
The second section declares that acting assist-
ant or contract surgeons disabled by any wound
received or disease contracted while actually per-
forming the duties of assistantsurgeons or acting
assistant surgeons, with any military forces in the
field or in transitu, shall be entitled to the bene-
fits of the pension laws in the same manner as if
they had actually been mustered into the service
With the rank of " assistant surgeon," and the
Widows, minor children, or the dependents of
acting assistantsurgeons dying while performing
such duty, shall in like manner be entitled to the
same benefits of the pension laws ns if the de-
ceased had been actually mustered into the ser-
vice as assistant surgeons.
. The third section provides that all persons now
by law entitled to a less pension than twenty
dollars a month, who shall have lost one iootand
one hand in the military service of the United
States, and in the line of his duty, shall be entitled
to that sum.
The fourth section provides that if any officer
or other person named in the first section of the
"act to grant pensions," approved July 14,1862,
has died since the 4th of March, 1861, or shall
hereafter die by reason of any wound received or
disease contracted while in the service of the Uni-
ted States, and in the line of duty, his widow, or
if there be no widow, or in case of her death or
marriage, without an allowance to her of the pen-
sion hereinafter mentioned, his child or children,
under sixteen years of age, shall be entitled to re-
ceive the same pension as the husband or father
Would have been entitled to under that act had he
been totally disabled, to commence from the death
of the husband or father, and to continue to the
widow during her widowhood, or to the child or
children until they severally attain to the age of
sixteen years, and no longer; but when such
pension has been, or shall hereafter be, allowed
to the widow, such child or children shall only
be entitled to receive it to commence from the
death or marriage of such widow. Nothing con-
tained in this section is to be construed to repeal
or modify the tenth section of an act entitled "An
act supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
grant pensions,' approved July 14, 1862," ap-
proved July 4, 1864.
The fifth and sixth sections, which it is pro-
posed to strike out, are as follows:
Sec. 5. *4v<i he it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, required,on requestoftheCom-
nu^stowr of tensions, to famish such proof as may be
within hi? possession or conuol of the death of uny port-on
dying in the military "service who may be entitled by law
to the benefit of the pension laws, together with such other
information touching the term of service of such person as
may be requiied to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
adjudicate such cases, and the information so furnished,
propei iy authenticated by the signature of the Secretary of
Wai, under the seal of the War Department, shall be held
by the Secretary of the Interior to bo sufficient evidence of
the tact Mated.
Sec.6. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That the eleventh sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act supplemental y tofan act en-
titled 4 An act to giant pensions,' approved July 14, 1862,"
approved July 4, 1864, be so amended as to apply to com-
missioned and non-commissjoncd officers who shall have
actually served as *ueh and were actually in the service as
such at the time of their deatli or disability, and to all offi-
cers and enlisted men killed or disabled while actually en-
gaged hi the militaiy setvice uuepeliing invasion from any
loyal State.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. It was
ordered that the amendment be engrossed and the
bill be read a thiid time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
EZI5KIEL DARLING.
Mr. FOSTER. The Commiuee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 556)
granting a pension to Ezekie! Darling, report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
"Whole. It proposes to allow to Ezekiel Darling
a pension of four dollars a month during his nat-
ural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH B. LEPPIEN.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 567) granting a
pension to Elizabeth B. Seppien, report it back
with an amendment. The amendment is simply
to change the initial letter in the surname of the
party from S toL, Itshould be Leppienand not
Seppien.
The bill was considered as in Committee ofthe
"Whole. It proposes to allow a pension of thirty
dollars a month from May 24, 1863, to continue
during widowhood.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate and the
amendment Was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to a third reading  and was read the third
time, and passed.
SOPHIA BROOKE TAYLOR.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 791) granting a
pension to Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the
late Major Fiancis Taylor, directed me to report
it back without amendment and recommend its
passage; and I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which directs theSecretary of the Interior to
place the name of Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow
ofthe late Francis Taylor, major of the first reg-
ular United States artillery, who died of yellow
fever while in command of the postal Fort Brown,
Texas, on the 12th of October, 1858, upon the
pension roll, at the same rate of pay which he
would have been entitled to if he had been totally
disabled at the time of his death, for and during
the period of her natural life or widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
KACHEL MILLS.  u
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to Vfiem
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 565Xgrantir |r a
pension to Rachel Mills, widow of Fetejr'Itete, .
deceased, late a major in the United States Arrfty^ ^
have directed me to reportit back without cfitteptf-
ment, and recommend its passage; ct'nd I ask'ibr
its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in'Cotft-
mittce of the Whole, proceeded to consider
bill, which directs the Secretary of the Ihtefjbf
to placc upon the pension roll the name ot Ra-
chel Mills, of Bmghamton, New York, widow of
Peter Mills, deceased, late a major of the United
StateB Army, at the rate of twenty dollars a month'
from April 1, 1864. 1 f /
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read die
third time, and passed,
IRA 33. CURTIS.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Decatur,
Illinois, praying that a pension may be granted
to Dr. Ira B. Curtis, of that place, have instructed
me to ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, the general law which has been passed
providing for that case.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES A HICHBORN.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William W. Thayer,
guardian of Chailcs A. Hichborn, son of Alex-
ander Hichborn, acting assistant surgeon 11 on,
contract," who was killed at the battle of Chan-
cellorBville,May 3,1863, praying for the passage
of an act defining the rank said Alexander Hich-
born held in the Army at the time of his death,
and the amount of pension that should be paid
to his son, have instructed me to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, the same
general law providing for that.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 303) for the relief
of Charles A. Hichborn, which'passed the Sen-
ate and was returned by the House of Repre-
sentatives to the Senate at its request, and re-
committed to the Committee on Pensions, have
instructed me to ask the Senate to reconsider its
vote passing the bill, and also to reconsider the
vote ordering it to a third reading, for thepufpbse
of moving the indefinite postponement of the bill,
it being provided for now by the geheral law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
reconsideration will be considered as agreed to;
and the question will be taken on the indefinite
postponement.
Mr. FOSTER. I move its indefinite postpone-
ment for the reason given.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSOLIDATION OF THE INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro*
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 459)
to provide for the consolidation of the Indian
tribes, and to establish civil government in the
Indian Territory.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a good bill; I am for
that.
Mr. CLARIC. I do not want to interpose
against the business of the Senator from Iowa;
but it is very necessary that the tariff bill should
come up and be acted upon, as amendments have
been reported to it by the Committee on Finance,
and if they are adopted it will have to go back
to the House of Representatives to enable them
to be acted on in the House. I hope Senators
will allow me to take that up. It is not a long
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will let us get through the few
bills that we arc all agonizing in regard to, and
then we shall come to the tariff bill.
Mr. CLARK. I am afraid Senators will ago-
nize more if they come here the day after to-mor-
row and find that the public business is not done.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 am prepared tosithereall
night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not.
Mr. CONNESS. Then the Senator can go
home.
Mr. HARLAN. I insist on my motion.
