1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sume that the aggregate now must exceed twenty
thousand million dollars. Oar territorial area is
2,936,J66 square miles, or 1,879,146,240 acres, of
which, in May, 18G3, there remained undisposed
of 946,901,625 acres of arable lands, and 2,000,000
of gold and silver-bearing lands. The Govern-
ment lands altogether are supposed,to be worth
1.2,000,000,000,80 that here we have a fund to fall
back upon, if need be, when we attempt to ex-
onerate ourselves from the pressure of this na-
tional debt.
In the year 1860 the cereal productions of eight
States (Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Iowa,
Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan) reached
588,160,323 bushels, exceeding the whole annual
produce of England, and about equal to that of
France. Their cattle numbered 7,204,810; their
swine, 11,039,352.
Our mineral productions are of inestimable
value, and exhaustlessin quantity. Ourresources
in the shape of coal are immense, according to the
authority of Sir William Armstrong, who pre-
sented an Armstrong gun cased in mahogany to
JefF. Davis, which was captured by our gallant
soldiers at Fort Fisher the other day.
And by the way, in passing, I might say that if
we are at a loss to see the necessity of being pre-
pared for any contingency that may arise of an
unfriendly character as between the United States
and Great Britain; and I believe the advice given
to us by the Father of his country was, " If you
wish to preserve peace, be prepared for war;" I
say that if we are to look for the feeling that ani-
mates the English bosom, whore should we go for
more convincing proof than to Fort Fisher, where
we find a masterpiece of artillery presented by the
English inventor himself to Jeff. Davis, the prince
of rcbeldom,to enable him to beat down the fair
fabric of our Government? I say that we have
warnings coming to us from every quaYter to be
on our guard, and it would be the pat t of extreme
folly for the American people to pass on heedless
of those manifold admonitions.
Our coal is said by Sir William Armstrong to
be thirty-two times as great in quantity as that of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
And our iron bears the same proportion. The
copper mines afcLake Superior and the lead and
iron mines of Missouri are sources of wealth of
incalculable extent. Our coast and shore line is
in all 122,784 miles, and no coast on the giobe has
such facilities for cheap water communication.
In the year 1860 our tonnage was 53,058,808 tons,
and our commercial fleet on the oceans, lakes,
and rivers numbered nearly 30,000 vessels. In
the same year our manufactured articles? mounted
to §1,500,000,000; and I have but just commenced
to touch upon the astonishing resources of the
American people.
I say, then, that in addition to the burdens of
this war, which we all hope and pray may be
speedily brought to a successful, honorable, and
righteous conclusion; in addition to these bur-
dens, the American people can well afford to in-
crease their lesponsibilities by loaning the credit
of the United States for this great national enter-
prise.
Mr. Speaker, I have about concluded the few
remarks which I designed to submit. I will only
say that within a few days 1 have received a res-
olution adopted by the Board of Ti ade of the city
where I live, Cleveland, Ohio, urging upon me by
every sense of duty to endeavor to promote the
success of this great object. The resolution is as
follows:
Cleveland, January 17, 1865.
Resolved, By the Board of Trade of the city <5FCIeveiand,
that we, tiio mcmbcis of this Boaid of Tiade, arc impressed
itune deeply than ever before with the vital impoitanee. foi
the wetlaie arid safety of tlie whole country, of a national
ship canal aiound the falls of Niagara: that we earnestly
invite the attention of Congiefs to lis absolute nece^uyj
that wo cordially appiovc of the cmu<e of our able and
patuotie Representative in i elation thereto, and request linn
to peisevcie in urging the subject upon the attention ol
Congress and the Government.
S. F. LESTOR,
Piesident Cleveland Board of Trade.
\ ARTHUR II. (IIJIN'N,
Sea ctai y.
And I have petitions without number from our
people on the same subject. And if I have ac-
quitted myself of the obligations which 1 owe to
that honored constitueney, I shall be content to
leave the result to the good sense of the members
of this House.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask unanimous Consent of
the House to make a statement personal to my-
self, which will occupy but a few moments.
No objection beingmade, theconsentwasgiven.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I was aware
that the question in reference to making a change
in the Constitution would be taken up on yester-
day. I was also aware thatsevera! gentlemen had
entered their names for the purpose of debating
the proposition, and therefore I did not suppose
that the vote would be taken upon that measure
on yesterday, but supposed that it would be taken
at a later period in the week.
Several gentlemen from my district having ar-
rived here the night before, and being desirous of
visiting the ninety-ninth and the one hundred and
eighteenth Ohio regiments, which were raised in
my congressional district, many of their members
coming from my own county and town, I went
with those gentlemen yesterday, supposing that
the vote would not be taken at least until to-day.
Had I been here I should have voted against that
proposition. And 1 now ask that this House will
permit my vote to be so recorded.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I have too much regard for
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] not to
object.
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I ask to be excused from ser-
ving on the select committee to investigate charges
against a member of this House, [Mr. Ander-
son,] on which I was appointed the other day. '
The SPEAKER. The Chair foigot to bring
this request to the attention of the House. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Brown] made
this request upon Saturday last, when, by an or-
der of this House, no business could be consid-
ered. If no objection is made the gentleman will
be excused.
Mr. Brown, of Wisconsin, was accordingly
excused from service on said select committee.
COMPENSATION FOR ENLISTED SLAVES.
Mr. CRESWELL asked unanimousconsent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, directed to leport to tin* floti^e what compensation, if
any, h.is been awaided in each of the several t-luve States
represented in Congress lo loyal persons to whom colored
volunteer.-, at the time ol then enlisiment, owed set viee
or labor; and if no compensation, or only paiti.il compeu-
mtion, ha« been made, that he i ml her report the reason or
reason-4 why the act appioved Febtnaiy iil, 18(>4, so jar a*
it lelaies to'compen&auon for ouch coloicd volunteers, has
not bi-tn executed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, objected.
NIAGARA SHIP CANAL AGAIN.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to enter into a general discussion of the
amendment which I have had the honor to oiler
to the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Litti.ejoiin] to this bill. For
seveial years past tlie piojeetof uniting the wa-
teis of the Mississippi and thelakes has been be-
foie Congress. That project received the sanc-
tion of tlie Committee on Military Affairs of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, and of other standing
committees of this Ilonse. _ It came within two
votes ofpassing this House in theThirty-Seventh
Congress, if I aril not mistaken.
At the last session, owing to the condition of
tlie finances of the country; owing to the fact that
at tills time we were unable promptly to pay our
soldiers in the field; owing to the seveie drain
upon the Tieasury, I was compelled, reluctantly
and against my own judgment, by the represen-
tations of those gentlemen on this floor whom 1 re-
gard as the true fi lends of this measure, to con-
sent to its postponement.
Time has shown, Mr. Speaker, that if this
measuie had passed two yeais ago we should to-
day have had a ship-canal through which the pro-
ductions of the West might have parsed fioni the
waters of the Mississippi inio the lakes. The
work contemplated by the bill providing for the
enlttigement of Ihe Illinois and Michigan canal it
was supposed could be consti ue.ted in two years,
and if the bill had been passed during tlieThirly-
Sevcnth Congiess there would have been to-day
a ship-canal through which steamers might hove
gone from the cities of JNew Orleans and St. Louis
and variouo points along the Mississippi to Chit
cago. Owing to the condition of the Treasury
and the pressure for money, the friends of the
Illinois and Michigan canal have consented_ to
modify materially the character of the bill which
was before Congress at the last session; and to
that modification I ask for a moment the attention
of the House, because I believe that if members
understand the necessity of this work and tlw
small amount which is asked by the friencft of
the measure, and will reflect for a moment upon
the immense advantages in a military, commer-
cial, and political point of view which are to re-
sult from its construction, 1 shall have the sup-
port of a majority of this House in favor of the
measure now pending.
Mr. Speaker, the bill, as originally presented to
the consideration of the House, provided that this
work should be built exclusively by the United
States. The estimated cost of that work was, in
round numbers, §13,500,000. My own judgment
is that that great work ought to be constructed by
the Government. My own judgment is that that
gieat thoroughfare between the Mississippi and
us branches and the great inland seas of the con-
tinent, through which will pass a commerce larger
in tonnage and greater in value than the entire for-
eign commerce of the country, ought to be made
as free as the Mississippi or the St. Lawrence.
But owing to the condition of the finances, we
have thought it inexpedient at the present time
to ask that the Federal Govermr.entshall of itself
construct this work; and we only ask that the
General Govei nment shall aid the State of Illinois
to the extent of only $5,000,000, and that on the
condition that the State of Illinois will herself
undertake to complete this work of dimensions
such as will enable the Mississippi squadron, the
gunboats, to pass if occasion requires from the
river into the lakes; and 1 ask the attention of the
House for a moment to the military importance
of this work.
I hold in my hand the annual reportof theSec-
retary of the Navy, stating that to-day thereare
upon the Mississippi and its tributaries one nun-
died vessels-of-war, carrying neailyfive hundred
guns and manned by fitly-live hundred sailors.
These vessels have cost this Govei nment nearly
fifty million dollars. The Secretary of the Navy
states to the American Congress that the enlarge-
ment of the Illinois and Michigan canal will en-
able those one hundred vessels-of-war to pass
fiom the Mississippi to the lakes, i ask the at-
tention of intelligent gentlemen of the House to
the question whether this is not the cheapest way
to defend the northern frontier. You have to-
day $50,000,000 of capital invested in the war
steamers upon the Mississippi; and by an ex-
penditure of $5,000,000 yon will make thatcapital
of $50,000,000 available-for the defense of the
northern liontier. You have there afloat five hun-
dred guns, which can be transported from the
great waters of the West into the lakes by an
expenditure of $5,000,000.
The Secretaiy of the Navy goes on to say that
many of these vessels are iron-clads; that in fresh
water they will endure for many years. We know
that they are unsuitable for ocean service; that if
they should go into salt water they would last
but a comparatively short time. In view, then,
of the fact that you have those vessels-of-war
already constructed; in view of the fact that they
are unavailable for ocean service; in view of the
fact that they will shortly become unnecessary
for the Mississippi and its tributaries, I ask gen tie-
men of this House, what are you going to do with
that $50,000,000 invested in vessels-of-war there
on the Mississippi? Why,sir, it seems to me as
clear as the noon-day sun that by no possible
means can you invest §5,000,000 in a manner
more judiciously than by expending it in the en-
largement of the Illinois and Michigan canal. Un-
der the provisions of this bill there is no danger
that the expenditure will not produce the result
mentioned. It piovidcs for a contract between the
State of Illinois and the Federal Government by
which the State of Illinois undertakes, on her
part, that she will herself enlarge the canal to'a
size and capacity adequate to float these vessels
into the lakes upon the condition that she shall
receive this sum of $5,000,000 to aid her lit that
work; and that sum not all to be advanced at
once. Five hundred thousand dollars arb to be ex-
pended by the State for every $300,000 advanced
