1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
Cherokee nation which will require this organi-
sation. Their territory will not be included in
it in any sense; it will not be part of it until they
give their assent any more than it is now included
m the Government of the United States.
" Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, the bill which
is reported from the Committeeon Indian Affairs
by lines and limits takes in this very Territory.
It extends north to the south line of the State of
Kansas; it extends west to our other territorial
possessions; it extends east to our recognized
possessions, and south to our recognized posses-
sions; and it takes in the whole Territory.
Mr. LANE,of Kansts. Will the Senator per-
mit me to interrupt him?
Mr. POSTER. Certainly; only I hope the
Senator from California will not think my speech
long.
Mr. CONNESS. I certainly shall, and do.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Have wo organized
a territorial government since the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, including that bill, that
does not contain that same provision, and does
not include Indian reserves? When the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was passed there was more terri-
tory in Indian reserves provided for by a similar
stipulation than there was soil belonging to the
United Slates Government. We could not ex-
tend our jurisdiction over those Indian reserves,
and. buve not to this day; and yet we exercise
power over all other portions of the Territory.
Mr. FOSTER. If we have learned by expe-
rience, as the honorable Senator says we have,
that when wo undertake to violate our plighted
fuiih we cannot really carry out the violation, 1
think it is time wo stop the attempt. The hon-
orable Senator appeals to certain things done in
the State of Kansas when it was nTerritory. Mo
is much more familiar with all ihat than I am. 1
presume there were a 5rent many tilings done there
that were disgraceful. VVe have heard enough of
matters disgraceful in regard to legislation about
Kansas—Lecompton constitutions anil all. I do
nut suppose the honorable Senator wishes to quote
those as a prccudent for legislation like this. They
may be like it; but they hud better be (pioted by
way of admonition than by way of example.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Every territorial gov-
ernment since, and those passed lust winter, con-
tain the same clause.
Mr. FOSTER. It may be so. All I have to
Bay is that it did not happen to attract my atten-
tion; this does. If the honorable Senator from
Missouri is right, and we do not mean under this
bill to meddle Willi this Cherokee country, alter
the lines in litis bill; except this Cheiokee country
lroni the operation of the bill. It is pretty easy
to point out that portion which belongs to the
Cherokee nation, Let the boundaries of this new
Territory that isio be organized be amended, and
lot the bountlmies beof uTerritory that we intend
to take possession ol'and to govern, and not ex-
tend it over that which it is avowed we have no
right to govern, and do not intend even to attempt
to govern. Then why do it?
Mr. President, it certainly is not for mc to in-
terpret the judgments of Providence; but in my
opinion, the people who seized and occupied the
territory of this Cherokee nation in the State of
Georgia and the adjacent regions have been visited
within the past six months 111 a letnbutive man-
ner fui the wrongs done these Cli'TOltees thirty
years ago. We have heaid of the parage of an
army over that country liom Chattanooga down
to tin1 city of Savannah, near the mouth of the
Savannah 1 ivcr in the State of Georgia. It passed
over this Cherokee country—a beautiful country,
containing someofihe fanext land on the face of'
the earth. The Cherokee# were driven from it
by the cupidity of Georgia; theii lands were dis-
posed of by lottery among her citizens, and the
Cherokee? compi lied to migrate beyond the Mis-
sissippi, almost at the point of the bayonet. Bay-
onets have vi.-Jled that section of country since;
and the people occupying the old homes of the
Cherokee.? have leeently fled before the march of
the destroyer. Chattanooga, lamtius in this war,
was one of the central points 111 tlieold Cherokee
nation. That,and the region around it, has felt
the iron heel ot the soldier. I believe my hon-
orable ftiend from Iowa has faith in ail overrul-
ing Power and in ihe jeti ibutiotis of Providence;
fold i have thought— it may la; a fam y —t hat tile re
was something of retribution upon these people
who were occupying the lands of these Chero-
kees so unjustly, so wickedly obtained. When
the army of Sherman marched over that coun-
try, perhaps these people thought of the poor
Cherokees who had been driven away thirty
years ago'. I believe the honorable Senator from
Iowa will agree with me in thinking that Provi-
dence sometimes visits nations and communities
for past transgressions. Let us' pause before we
drive these Cherokees from their last earthly rest-
ing-place—for they have now reached it—to grat-
ify the insatiable desire for land, which, like an evil
spirit, seems to possess the minds of our people.
You mny pass this bill—you may exterminate
these Indians and obtain the lands which you
solemnly covenanted should be theirs forever—
but a day of reckoning will come. It came in
fiie and in blood upon those who drove them
from Georgia. Beware lest it come upon us.
Mr. President, I have no desire to prevent a
vote on this bill. If it is the pleasure of the Senate
to pass it I certainly sliallsubmit to it, and shall
resort to no measures whatever to postpone it
except in rather 11 desultory manner to bring these
points which strike my mind to the consideration
of the Senate. If they are entitled to no consid-
eration let it be so, and let the bill pass. I was
not on the Indian Committee. I have been spoken
to by some of the men connected with this tribe,
and told by them that this bill would be most dis-
astrous, ruinous, as they believed, to that tribe.
The honorable committee may have other and
better information. That is the opinion I have;
and 1 am perfectly willing to give the authorities.
John Ross, whom the gentleman characterized as
a pensioner of this Government, who is at the
head of the Cherokee nation, and has been for
years, is one. I believe linn to be a trustworthy
man. The Rev. Mr. .Tones, who has been laboring
with that people as a chaplain more than thuty
years, is another. lie tells me that the passage
of this bill will be most disastrous and ruinous to
that people,as he believes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Since the discussion the
other evening, when the honorable Senator ex-
pressed himself so strongly against this bill, Rev.
Mr. Jones, who has been for forty years a mis-
sionary among the Cherokees, called on me in
the committee-room and I had a conversation with
him. 1 called his attention to the provision of the
bill that it should have no effect over the Chero-
kees without their consent, and 1 showed him the
amendment which I intended to offer to the bill
from the committee, that that consent was to be
obtained by treaty stipulation. He said that gave
altogether a different aspect to the question, and
he went on to speak of the Cherokees. I men-
tioned to him the fact that by this bill no one in
the Territory could have any vote in the choice
of members of the Council but the Indians and
members of the tribe. He said that the rule of
the tribe was that no white man could be admit-
ted unless he was married into the tribe. After
those facts were called to his attention he ex-
pressed to me a very different state of opinion
ii'om what my honorable friend understood him
to express in the first instance.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not know but that this
gentleman has altered his opinion. I have seen
hint, however, since the honorable Senator has,
and he gave no intimation to me of a change of
opinion. The gieat danger he apprehended was
that the organization of this territorial govern-
ment would bring in the whites and sui round the
Indians there with whatarecalled the " blessings
of civilization," which are the curse and the bane
of the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. The purpose of the bill is to
prevent that very thing; to avoid it.
Mr. FOSTER. If the intention and object of
the organization of a territorial government on
the part of the United States is to prevent our
people from going into such a Territory and set-
tling upon it, it certainly is a novel idea in a teni-
tortal bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not called a territorial
bilk The title of the bill is, " A bill to provide
for the consolidation of the Indian tribes, and to
establish civil government in the Indian Ten i-
lorv.''
Mr. FOSTER. Exactly; "to establish civil
government in the Indian Territory;"and itgoea
on to ascertain that Territory by boundaries; and
it organizes that Territory by the appointment of
a Governor and other officers just like our other
Territories; and if it is to exclude citizens of the
United States from it, I repeat again, that it is a
novel organization; it is one that will never work
out its purpose. The moment the Territory is'
organized our people will go upon the Territory,,
and there will be 110 power to stop them. Who
will have the right to stop them ? Who will have
the jurisdiction there, the Indians or the United
States? I say the United States. Andwhatright
have the United States to keep citizens of the
United States out of the territory of the United
States? Where will the power be?
Mr. HARLAN. They have agreed to do so
in the treaties to which the Senator himself has
referred, and this bill is intended to carry out
faithfully the stipulations of those treaties.
Mr. POSTER. The honorable Senator from
Kansas tells us, and I think the honorable Sen-
ator, the chairman of the committee, tells us, that
the Indians have broken their faith with the Uni-
ted States; that these treaties are all abrogated.
Mr. HARLAN. No; but some of the Indian
tribes that reside in the Territory have forfeited
their rights. This bill does not confiscate their
property or take away any of their rights.
Mr. FOSTER. No, it does not. I was not
upon that subject. I was upon the subject, how-
ever, that the effect of this territorial organiza-
tion would be to have this Territory overrun by
the population of the United States, and that pop-
ulation surrounding these Indians would be cer-
tain to bring ail the evils and curses which civ-
ilization bungs to Indian tribes when it comes in
contact with them.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut allow this subject to be passed over to
allow me to take up a report of a committee of
conference which 1 should like to dispose of to-
night?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope we may be permitted
to come to a vote on this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Do you think a vote can be
taken ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly. Why not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
a committee of conference is regarded as a privi-
leged question.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take it up for con-
sideration.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be received only by
unanimous consent at. this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
a committee of conference has always been re-
garded as a privileged question.
Mr. POMEROY. I do notconsent to any busi-
ness being done that interferes with this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. -The Chair will
receive the report under the practice of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. The report has been made,
and I desire to call it up.
Mr. HARLAN. The report is on the table,
and I hope it will not be taken up until a vote is
had 011 this bill. 1 know not of any other Senator
who intends to speak upon it; and all that the
committee ask is a vote.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does it require unani-
mous consent to take up the report?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not.
A report of a committee of conference has uni-
formly been regarded as a privileged question;
and if theSenator from Massachusetts calls it up
it is before the Senate and will be read.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Connecticut
gave way for that purpose. The debate on this
bill will go on for some time if we continue its
consideration, and I should like to get through
with this report to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. When we began this even-
ing's work we gave way by unanimous consent
to the Senator from Connecticut, and he had four
or five biUs passed. Surely lie has spoken 011 this
subject until we all pretty well understand it.
Everybody is anxious to vote. The clock has
very nearly made its hour since it was begun. I
hope we shall finish this bill, and then let us take
Up the conference report, and we will get to each
other's business directly.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a bill that I want
taken up.
