1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vessels-of-war can be transferred from the Mis-
sissippi and its tiibutaries to the lakes. It is a
work of immediate military necessity. I trust,
therefore, that the friends of the Niagara ship-
canal will take no step nor indicate any action
that will place them in antagonism to the enlarge-
ment of the Illinois and Michigan canal.
In regard, Mr. Speaker, to the importance of
this canal, so far as regards the commercial aspects
of the question, I appeal to the State of New York,
I appeal to New England, and I ask the Repre-
sentatives of that section, whether they are not
willing that the Treasury shall pay to the extent
of $5,000,000 to enable the products of the great
West to be poured in upon New York and New
England. I ask the Representatives of New Eng-
land whether, when they can cheapen the price
of every loaf of bread consumed in their manufac-
tories, they will refrain from voting this sum of
$5,000,000, for the benefit of their own section
and of all sections of the country. I ask the votes
of members from the Northwest; from Iowa, and
Missouri, and Minnesota. These two great sec-
tions will be bound together forever by this canal.
I ask members to give us these great commercial
advantages, and thus bind the East and West
together forever.
1 will ask the Clerk to read an extract from a
letter of Edward Everett on the subject of this
canal, showing how that distinguished statesman
regarded it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"1 know of no public work, within the limits of the
United States at all comparable in importance with a com-
munication like thai proposed between the Atlantic ami
the Misms- ippi. The resmnees of tho West are boundless,
and Mill in liie infancy of their development; natme has
foitncd tho two great section* of tho count) y, fia*t arid West,
lui the most intimate and mutually bcnelici.il relations with
each other. Much has aheady been done to open those
pathways', to wlwch the lunulol the Almighty Engineer has
pointed (lie way, and nothing is wanted to complete the
work hut an nppiopi lation of the re&oinces of the countty,
which, with reicience to the Importance of the objects to be
pioinoted, ouuht not,hovve\u> conaadeiable iuit&cli, to occa-
sion a moment's; hesitation."
Mr. ARNOLD. As the Speaker of this House
is engaged in the duties of the Chair, and as I
have in my hand an aijrumcnt from him in favor
of this work, I will ask the Clerk to read it, so
thatthe Speaker may not find it necessary to leave
his position in the chair and repeat Ins argument
here on the floot of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
fkThc great cnLneed canals, creating another Missis-
sippi from Wcvt to East, will strenijtl'en the bond between
the ^ea-hoaul and the ftoni iei, ami give to that lervid pa-
triotism which declares that the whole Union huh leui.un
intact f'oievcr the potential aids, ol eonimeiciai policy and
induMii.il mteie-t.
uThe nation al^o Will reap a rich pecuniary rewaid from
the completion ot thisgioat enterpiw; but I can glance
humedly at but one oi two points. When the shipment
of ptoduce, Ly the --ale of which the fai mcr live-', hoin the
fiotiaer to the ocean costs one third to one half, and oven
tlnce fouiths, ol the whole amount realized l'or if when it
reaches the whaif, the piodueers must necessanly bp poor
cuMomeis for all these goods by the duties on whidf our
Ticasuty i-> in a large degiee icplumsiiod ; hut wiih the
co-t of ttansit iftdueedj as it will be hy the broad amfieial
river to the sea winch you contemplate, the prosperity
among our agi ieultuii-u v\ hieli will loliovv will be lelt m
th.it icsult on the Ticasuty teceipts winch can be predicted
witli such uneuuig ceitamty iigain.
" When (he United State* tax assessor computes the
invoice of the fanner, and values the com at tenor twenty
cents pet bushel,he can find but lew that will be required
to aid the. Tiea-ury tax on then mm plus profits.
u But with the We-t, h> decreased co>t of nan^poitation,
Ijimightin puces so much nearer the Ea-t, the increased
ta\es on the inciea^ed wealth h suiting Irom jotirimprove-
ment will indicate its wisdom even as a pecuniary invest-
ment."
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, a moment'a
reflection on the Jesuits to be lealized by the ex-
penditure of this money, the military, commercial,
and political results, will remove every objection
winch could remain in the mind of any member
to this proposition.
Why, sir, when this work shall have been en-
larged you will have from the city of St. Louis
to the city of Chicago a river greater in capacity
for commercial purposes than the Mississippi
from St. Louis to New Orleans. When it is re-
membered what an amount of trcasuie and of life
has been saciificcd—no, not sacrificed, but ex-
pended, necessauly expended, in reopening the
Mi&aissippi—and when it is seen that a great river
for commerce, equal m importance, can be ob-
tained by the expenditure of this small sum of
money, 1 trust that no gentleman will hesitate to
give this measure his suppoit.
It may be said that the present railways are
adequate to carry off the surplus products of the
Northwest. This is entirely a mistake. The
Northwest pays to the New York railways and
canals and to the Pennsylvania railways more
than $30,000,000 per annum for the transportation
of her products to the sea-board; but all of those
railways and canals are entirely Inadequate to
carry off the surplus products of the West.
Now we of the West know, and this House
knows, that it is no unusual thing for the corn
grown there to be used for fuel because of the
expense of transporting that corn to the sea-board.
We know that for months in the year the present
means of transportation are utterly inadequate to
carry forward our teeming products to market.
Upon this subject 1 will ask the Clerk to read
a statement made by an intelligent gentleman of
my State, showing the need of this work as a
means of transportation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<c Nine tenths of the pioducts of Illinois grown near the
lines of railways const) ueted within the last fifteen ycats,
and upon which over three fourths of tin; population of the
State re>kle, have hitherto been tot warded to eastern mar-
kets. If the southern tiade was resumed at once it would,
doubtless, be found at the close of navigation next year that
a^ laige a supply of food will be lelt in the country solely
from the want of means dining the periods of navigation
ot the lakes and canal to take foiwaid the surplus."
a This food-producing district should have closer connec-
tion with the commercial inteiests of tho East and of Eu-
rope by a national canal. Every fiherof the national wealth
and piospi'ritv will he strengthened (hereby. The haive«t<s
from oui prairies wilt double out loieign exports wiientins
gtam i-> poured out as upidly as it can be lunushed even
by our present population.
With in five veats after the construction of a «hip-canal
from theEne to the limKon, a necessary outlet liom the
lakes to the sea, the expoiN ot gram ironi Chicago alone
may safely be estimated at two bundled million bushels.
u For two oi tlnce years past we have had a surplus equal
to ten times our ioeal wants, and vastly beyond the capa-
city ot the canal or railioads Hi take away. The cost and
deiav- of tianspnitalion are so great that the fanners reap
no fitting icwaid for then indu^tiy. Their ciops are waited,
and, living m thisabundance, winch is wanted everywhere
che, they are poor, and need the comfoiu and luxm ies of
1 ifc. Single-handed they cannot icincdy this evil. Foi aid
they must look to the national resouiees. The work is of
national mipoitanee, and must add immensely to tiie na-
tional wealth."
Mr. ARNOLD. I do not propose to continue
this discussion. I merely desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a few additional facts indi-
cating the rapid growth of the West, then I will
yield the floor to others.
The following statement was prepared by a
member of the Board of Trade of Chicago, and
I believe is correct:
Statement of the grcin, provision, lumber y salt, lead, hides,
u'oo/. 4 c.j of the city o] Chicago jot the year ending JJpnl
1, leiH.
Value.
Flour  1,647,187 barrels $8/333,93r>
Wheat 12,'iGl,.),14 Inisheld J2.4tjl,C.>l
Corn <r>,I(>0.516 « 18^90,4-17
Oats 11,00.-,'.743 « 6f£l,447
Rye     717,295 " n.'2(X)
B.ulcy  " l,4<tt.30l
Seeds  i),8o5,208 " 19,770,416
Gd,520,2,595
Reduce the flour to bushels, makes 68^740^35
bushels of cereals.
11
Re e e i ve   1,077,7 ">7
Packed m Cluoapo  904,(*>9
Value ol the poik pioduct  33,535,140
Beef.
Cattle received 300,Gf>'2 head
l'aeki'd in Ohienno  70,(iet> "
Value ol eattie piouuct  10,523,000
Lumber.
Hoards 413,301,818 feet
j.iUli  11,6:8,000 "
Shingle- 172 364.878
Value ot Uie Jutnbei leceived at (Jlnr-ago  6.071,0110
Lead 10,4 W oU > pound* 1,3JU,000
Woul  :}4o.")GG7 u 2.0f)(5.60^
1 Jules 23,1*1 919 « 2,37fc\197
Coal  284,19otona 2,273,568
Salt, not including 7,019
tons iwd by packers.. 77.' r i barieH 1,933,410
Like li-h    5b,729 packages 281,615
ili<rh wines, not made m
Chuatro   137,917 hmreh 4,966,093
The value- of in h \vme«, Hour, malt. &.C.,
manuiaetuM'd in Chicago ate not included
in the loiegoinsj -tateim-nt.
Ablegate valu« of fon-sfoing products?  134,156,1-19
JC>timatfd value of engun>, machmeiy, aijii-
cultuial implements, &c  13,000,000
S'l 17,456.4 59
The gentleman who lias furnished ilic auove
figures, and who is an intelligent membtf of the
Board of Trade, states that, taking the months oif
February and March to bo the same as last year,
the year ending April, 1865, will be as foHovW:
Flour and grain.,   75,000,00p
Cattle in beeves  ^00.000
Packed ill Chicago  80,006
Hogs  1,800.000
Packed in Chicago  720,000
It is now demonstrated that Chicago is the
largest grain, beef, pork, and lumber market
the world.
Illinois has paid to the Commissioner of [ntornai Revenue,
as taken irom his returns, the twelve months ending June
30, 1864 (fU,814,134
Six oflier sister States have paid as tollows:
Indiana   $4,246,110
Michigan 1,642,672
Wisconsin 1,364,893
Iowa  879,519
Minnesota  143.412
Kansas    1(U1,i&J
  8,400,088
$3,414,OSS
Illinois has given to the Government the past
year nearly twelve million dollars, and$3,414,066
more than six of her sister States in the West.
The beautiful quarries of what is called the
Athens marble are situated on the line of and are
quarried out of the bed of the canal, and lie along
its banks within thirty miles of Chicago.
The valley of the Illinois alone, when all put
under cultivation, can easily produce more corn
than is now raised in the whole State. The crop
of corn of 1864 will not fall far short of two hun-
dred million bushels.
Now, when military advantages so important
as those which have been stated, and when com-
mercial results so vast, can be obtained by an ex-
penditure of less than half of the amount which
Illinois alone contributes to the public Treasury
in one year, 1 trust this House will not hesitate
to vote for the amendment which I have offered.
That amendment, I think, contains every possible
safeguard that the nation will secure the advan-
tages of the ship-canal by this expenditure; or if
any gentleman is not satisfied of that fact, I shall
be glad to so modify my amendment as to pro-
vide sufficient security that this expenditure of
§5,OOU,OUO will be so used as will secure the con-
struction of the canal of the dimensions and ca-
pacity proposed.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to occupy the attention of the House for a few
minutes while 1 present a few considerations
which will induce me to support this amend-
ment. The importance of the work proposed in
the original bill is one which has impressed itself
upon the country for years. So far back as 1836
an engineer was appointed by the Government to
make surveys and estimates for this work. But
for divers reasons the Congress of the United
States passed over what 1 conceive to be, and to
have been at all times, a work of national impor-
tance in a military as well as in a commercial
point of view. Prom ]83Gto the present time its
importance has been magnified every year. In
a commercial point of view its importance has
been increasing wiih feai ful rapidity, until to-day
it presses home upon every member of this House
who has a constituency that either produces or
consumes the products of the great Northwest.
X shall riot detain the House by speaking of the
rapid development of that portion of our coun-
try. The statistics and the history of the coun-
try are full of facts which ought to have great
weight in determining this question. We are
improving what a feiv years ago was a wilder-
ness. Weare not only supplying our own wants;
we are not only raising a surplus of provisions to
supply the wants of the manufacturing and non-
producing States of this Union, but we are rais-
ing a surplus to feed the starving millions of the
world, if we only had lines of transportation
opened by means of which we might reach those
markets. What we need, and what we mustand
will have, in one way or another, is certain as
well as reasonable transportation for our prod-
ucts. I repeat, what the Northwest needs, and
what the Noithwest must and will have, is a cer-
tain as well as reasonable means of transporting
her products to the markets of the woihi.
The Hjttuse has aheady been shown by sta-
tistics that every year there are left over mil-
