542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
lions of bushels of our grain that fails to reach
markets for want of transportation, and those
who have taken the trouble to look into the
charges and tariffs and inflictions and exorbitant
exactions that are made upon the producers of
the West by what few lines of transportation
exist by means of which we are to reach the At-
lantic coast, cannot fail to be impressed with the
importance of a reformation in this regard, by
opening up another channel that will not only
give us a certainty of reaching the markets, but
give us the power of reaching them at reasonable
1 have taken some pains to look into the tariff
.of charges imposed by the various transportation
companies "from the East to the West, and it does
seem to me that if members of this House would
devote a half hour of their valuable time to in-
vestigating this question they could not fail to
feel the force of the reasons that 1 propose to urge
for opening up another great thoroughfare between
"the East and the West. From the city of Chicago
.to the city of New York we are charged the enor-
mous tax of thirty-six dollars upon every ton of
.freight that passes over the present lines. Upon
;every bushel of wheat thatpasses over those lines,
according to their present rates, we have to pay a
tax of ninety-eight cents to get it to an eastern
market. Upon every bushel of corn, one of the
great staples of the Northwest, the chargcs amount
to $1 20; upon every bushel of rye the charges
are $1 00$; upon every bushel of oats $1 15;
upon every barrel of flour $3 65; and upon every
bairei of pork $4 40. When yo'u add to these
charges the commissions which we have to pay,
it is wonderful that they do not amount to an en-
tire blockade; and it would, were it not the fact
that the men who deal in those articles in the East
are compelled to purchase for their own support.
Until a recent period we in the Nqrihwcst, in
the absence of ordinary fuel, have burned our
corn in our grates and our stoves, finding that
cheaper fuel than the products of the mine and
the spoils of the forest. The cost of transporting
those products was so great that we found it
cheaper to burn the product of our fields. W hat
we want are facilities for reaching the markets of
the world; some line of communication that wiil
enable us to reach the Atlanticcoast with the prod-
ucts of the West, without paying those enor-
mous exactions of the railroad and canal compa-
nies. I am aware that I will be met with the
answer from some gentlemen here that it is the
true policy of the Government to allow States
and individuals to control these matters. But
that is an objection which does not apply to the
measure under consideration, for the reason that
there is no hope of any one of the Stales of this
■Union building this great line of communication
between the lakes and the St. Lawrence, because
the State of New Yoik, which has done mucWin
that respect, will not make the exertion. She wil!
very certainly not build a canal which wiil cairy
our products away from hergieat metropolis in
their transit to the Atlantic. She prefers to hold us
at her mercy, and compel us to transportour prod-
ucts over her railroads and through her canals.
Hence I repeat that we can have no reasonable
hope or expectation that the State of New York
will engage in this work, though I know that the
liberality of her citizens—at any rate, of a por-
tion of her Representatives—will aid us in ena-
bling the General Government to accomplish this
great work-
Mr. Speaker, within the lust two or three years
we have not only been taxed enormously to get
our surplus products to market, but we have had
no certainty as to the time of getting them to
market. What gives value to produce, whatgives
remuneration to those who till the soil, who pro-
duce the breadstuff's, is a certainty, not only as to
the price to be received, butas to the time of reach-
ing market. We have not had this. Those who
have traveled over the huesof communication be-
tween the Northwest and the city of New York,
and whose attention has been called to the sub-
ject, have observed at the important depots and
way stations along the line immense quantities of
produce thrown outof the carson its transitfrom
the West to the East to await the convenience of
the railroad companies to carry it on to its desti-
nation in the city of New Yoik. Now, Mr.
Speaker, these delays, this uncertainty as to the
time at which our products will reach fhe market,
depreciate them in value, and injure to a large extent
the great commercial and agricultural interests of
the Northwest, the producing section of this coun-
try. Why is it that Europe wiil not purchase her
breadstuff's from this country? Whyis it that she
looks to the Baltic for herVheator her flour? it
isnotbecausesheean purchase more cheaply there
than we can furnish her; it is simply because the
merchant of Liverpool or London knows that
when he makes his purchase at the Baltic he can
calculate with a reasonable degree of certainty as
to the time at which the produce purchased will
reach Liverpool. Do you say that he could cal-
culate with the same degree of certainty if he
would purchase produce in New York ? 1 admit
that he could; but when he engages with a New
York merchant to furnish him a cargo of flour,
that New York merchant must look to the West
for the cargo, and he is unable to inform his British
correspondent as to the time at which the cargo
will be ready to leave the port of New York,
owing to the difficulties of transportation between
the West and the East. The British merchant
could buy his produce in New York ass cheaply
as he could buy it at the Baltic, if it were there,
or. if he had a reasonable certainty that it would
be there upon a particular day.
I repeat, that it is only by the want of reasona-
ble certainty in the transportation from the West
to the East that we lose a valuable maiket in
Europe for our breadstuff's. Why,sir, it is a fact
that flour can be shipped more cheaply from San
Francisco to Europe by water than itcan be from
the city of Chicago. Why? Simply because our
lines of communication are not sufficient to meet
the wants of commerce.
But it may be said that it would be a wasteful
expenditure of money to engage in this work now;
that Canada is opening up lines of communica-
tion, which, in addition to those on our own soil,
we can use in reaching the European maikets.
Mr. Speaker, how long those Canadian lines of
communication will be open to us none of us
know. The Congress of the United States, in the
exercise of their judgment, have seen fit to term-
inate the commercial treaty between the United
States and Gieat Britain; and how long wc shall
be permitted to use the Canadian roada or canals
on reasonable terms no man can tell. It is not
to be supposed that, with our firmer relations
disturbed, the Canadians will beany moie lenient
to us in affording us facilities for transpoitation
than will be the transporting companies upon our
own soil. What, then, do we need? What, then,
must we have? I repeat, a sufficient as well as a
certain outlet for the products of the West to the
markets of the world.
It is sometimes argued against the expenditure
of money forthe purpose of tins canal, that so
soon as this war closes the Mississippi will be
again opened to the agricultural products of the
Northwest; and that the lates of transportation
will be cheapened between the East and the West
as soon as that is done. 1 admit that there is
some force in that argument. The probability is
that if the navigation of the Mississippi was
opened to us we would be able to leach some of
the markets of the world with some portion of
our products at a cheaper iate than we now do.
But in my judgment the surplus products of the
Northwest are too great ever to find a remunera-
tive market through the channel of the Missis-
sippi; that we are compelled to look for a mai ket
to the East and to Europe; that our lines of trans-
portation must be from the West to the Easteither
through the St. Lawrence to tide-water, or else
through the canals and over the railroads of the
State of New York.
It is true that when we had but a few sur-
plus bushels of grain in the great North west, and
the Mississippi was unobstructed, we could find
a market along the coast and at New Orleans for
that small surplus. But the products of the great
Northwest have so rapidly increased that, were
we at peace to-day and the Mississippi nver open,
that i lver would not afford a tithe of the markets
necessary to consume our surplus.
It may be argued that in times like these the
Government ought not to involve itself in the ex-
penditure of the money necessary for the comple-
tion of this woik. Why, sir, it is for the interest
of the Government to make liberal expenditures,
if by making such expenditures it places a great
section of the country in a condition to enable
her to aid in carrying through this war and meet
the Government engagements. It has already
been shown by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] that the opening of this line of com-
munication would be worth to every farmer in
the West, who raises a bushel of grain for sale,
the sum of five cents per bushel—enough in the
course of a very short period to indemnify the
country for the expense of the construction of
this work.
Now, sir, I have not within my rcach statis-
tical information sufficient to approximate any-
thing like an accurate statement of the amountof
the immense surplus of the Northwest; but I have
a statement of the Board of Trade of the city of
Chicago, embracing the period from 1860 to 1864,
showing the amount of shipments of western
grain from that port alone. It will be found upon
examination that for those four years Chicago
alone shipped of western grain, including flour,
2,904,125 bushels. If that one port ships that
quantity, what must have been the amount sent
out from other cities along the lake shore, as well
as those towns and cities in the interior which
have been furnishing through other routes of
transportation their surplus grain?
In addition to this, in the year 18G4 the city
of Chicago received and shipped from her port
701,854 head of hogs, and 179,525 head of beeves.
This does not include nearly 1,000,000 hogs and
beeves which were slaughtered and packed in the
city of Chicago, and which must ultimately find a
market on the sea-boaid over our present limited
lines of tiansportation from the West to the East.
In view of these considerations, I ask if Con-
gress can more wisely invest or loan its credit
to the extent of ten or fifteen million dollars, than
in opening a line of ship communications with
the lakes of the Northwest and the Atlantic coast,
for the purpose of opening up to these immense
granaries of the West a line of communication
cheap and certain, by which their surplus products
may reach the markets of the world ?
What I have said with reference to the import-
ance of this work as a line of cheap and certain
communication of the products which go from
the West to the East applies with equal force to
that which we have to receive in return for our
substance. And on this point I can speak with
more confidence, for 1 have in some small degree
been made to feel for the last three or four years
the necessity of a certain as well as a cheap com-
munication between the West and the East. Sir,
our western people look to New York and New
England for the fabiics and merchandise which
they need; and they and the business men of the
West are made to feel with great force and power
the necessity of some more certain as well as cheap
communication between the East and the West.
Sir, a western merchant, when he makes his
purchases in New York, cannot calculate with
any degree of certainty upon receiving atthe West
a cargo of goods purchased in New Yoik in less
than thirty days. Well, time in these business
transactions is money, and the customers of the
merchant have to pay for the lops of time. It is
no uncommon thing for a bale of merchandise,
between NewYorkand Illinois,to be detained on
the way for sixty or ninety days, and when we
inquire the reason we are told by the transporta-
tion companies that they are so crowded that it is
impossible for them to get the goods through in
less time.
Some two or three years ago the merchants of
the West induced men who were able to do so to
organize a merchants' express, with aview to the
speedier and more certain transportation of mer-
chandise from the East to the West than is pos-
sible over the ordinary lines of transportation.
But that merchants' express has found in its way
the same difficulties that lie in the way of the
canals and railways between the two sections of
the country; and to-day we have no moie cer-
tainty that we can receive a bale of goods in 111i-
i nois from New York in less than sixty or ninety
days than we had over the ordinary lines of trans-
portation.
I repeat, that just as you open more facilities
for reaching the matkets of the world, justas you
increase the number of lines of transportation, you
cheapen the cost of the transportation of our grain
fiom the West to the East,and of the merchandise
ihut we of the West need from the East to the
West.
