1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
In making these remarks, I have left out of
view entirely the military aspects of this question.
I leave them to those who are better able to dis-
cuss them, atad who have devoted more time to
the subject than I have been able to do. In a
commercial point of view alone it is a subject
which commends itself to the consideration of the
House with great force, and in my view, with
such force that no man who desires the prosperity
of both the East and West can fail to give his sup-
port to it, offering to us, as it does, the only cer-
tain and speedy line of communication between
the agricultural regions of the great Northwest
and the Atlantic ocean.
I have already occupied more of the time of the
House than I designed doing when 1 rose, uml I
will now yield the floor to others who may see fit
to participate in this discussion.
Mr. Sf ROUSE. Mr. Speaker, as a member
of the committee which reported this bill, i was
at first disposed to oppose it, but I have changed
my views upon the subject,and am entirely con-
vinced that it will be a public improvement of the
greatest benefit and advantage to our country, to
the commercial and agricultural interests of the
East and of the West.
As a Representative from the State of Pennsyl-
vania, I was at first, inclined to oppose this meas-
ure, believing that it might, to some extent, in-
terfere with the public improvements already in
existence. Upon an examination, however, of
its route, its location, and the connecting links,
I find that not only aie the States of the West
and New York and New England to be benefited
and advantaged by it, but also tiie great Keystone
State. By means of our network of railways and
canals we shall be brought into communication
with this work, and the products of the We&t can
be biought to tide-water, not only at the city of
New York but also to the poi t of Philadelphia,
by means of our great network of nulways and
canals which will place us directly in communi-
cation with this gieat national work.
I look upon this matter, Mr. Speaker, ftom a
double stand-point: first, as a question of commerce
and business, and second, as a military work, in
case of necessity. In both those aspects, 1 think,
the measure must commend itself to every one
who will examine the question, and who will as-
certain the necessity of having a ship outletat that
point.
I make these remarks, Mr. Speaker, because I
believe that evoiy Representative here is inter-
ested in the extension of our public works of in-
ternal improvement. We ought to faster and
sustain every improvement of this kind. The
amount asked for in this bill is small, i believe
it is only ^6,UU0,000. The Government is not
even asked for a direct appropriation of this
amount, but for a loan of its credit, with the most
perfect indemnity foi its certain repayment. And
even if it were never to be repaid, I believe that
the public treasure of the United States belongs
to the people at large, and that we, as their Rep-
resentatives, have a right to say that so much
money shall be expended, or so much credit given,
for the benefit of the whole country. I trust that
members wi 11 take a national view of this matter,
and divest themselves of all nairow ideas and of
all local prejudices, and that they will vote foi a
bill which will be, undoubtedly, of the greatest
advantage to every pai tof ou r Union.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD Mr. Speaker, the
proposition before the House appears to be to
make a canal around the fails of Niagara, and
also to widen certain existing canals in the State
of Illinois. The arguments advanced this morn-
ing that the House should vote an appropriation
of the credit of the United States in aid of those
enterprises appear to be addi essed to us altogether
on commercial grounds. The several gentlemen
who have advocated tins hill (and no one has yet
spoken against it) place their arguments, as I un-
deistand, altogether on the necessity of improv-
ing those means of inter-rommunicatinn so as to
cheapen the transitof merchandise and to facilitate
commerce. Now, if I supposed that that was<he
object, and the exclusive object, of these measures,
I could not give thorn my vote. I know, sir, that
the time haspassed when the Congressof theUni-
ted States troubled itself about the powers of Gov-
ernment. I know that a legislator is looked upon
almost as an antiquarian, who doubts the power of
Congress on the subject of internal improvements,
because, in these times, we not only have latitu-
dinal rnn constructions of the Constitution,but we
have open and palpable disregard of its plain pro-
visions and principles.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, if, as gentlemen have
stated, the object of this bill were simply to fa-
cilitate commerce, to cheapen the transit of mer-
chandise, to open communication from one sec-
tion of the country to another, for the advantage of
either or both, 1, with my ideas of the restriction
which the Constitution places on the powers of
Congress, would be obliged to give my vote in
the negative. But, in my opinion, there are other
reasons why we should vote, not only for the
Niagara ship-canal, but why we should also vote
in favor of the proposition of the gentleman from-
Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] to make a like appropri-
ation for the enlargement of the canals of that
State. There can be no question but that the
foreign relations of this country are in a condition
where we are warranted in doing all that we can
to protect ourselves. There can be no doubt of
the fact that the foreign relations of the Govern-
ment of the United States, with one or two, if
not more, of the nations of Europe, are certainly
threatening, to use no stronger language. They
wairant the Government of the United States in
doing everything that it can to put itself in a po-
sition of defense so that it can maintain the honor
of the country and protect its interests.
It has been stated this morning that, as we now
stand, if there were any international difficulty
on the borders of our country there are no means
in our power to send a fleet of war vessels from
Lake Erie to Lake Ontario. We have already
given the notice to England to teimmate the reci-
procity treaty. Therefore, in case of hostilities
with England or with Canada, we would be cut
off from any advantage by the Welland canal, and
from any advantage on the Canadian side of the
lakes. In my judgment it is important, ay, sir,
it is indispensable, that weshould have the phys-
ical means to take our vessels from one lake to
another. We might, for instance, as the matter
now stands, have a large fleet of gunboats upon
Lake Eric, but we could have no means of trans-
porting those boats from Lake Erie to Lake On-
tario; and however laige our marine armament
might be upon one of those lakes, it would be of
no service upon the other lake or to our coasts
on the borders of those lakes. It therefore does
seem to me, from this consideration alone, that
the House should pass not only the appropria-
tion in reference to the Niagara ship-canal, but
also the one for the improvement of the Illinois
ship-canal.
Mr. Speaker, before the final vote is taken upon
this bill I would suggest to tiie honorable gentle-
man, my colleague [Mr. Littlejoun] who has
charge of this bill, the propriety of so modifying
or amending it in the appointment of engineers,
without naming them, as to give one to the Gov-
ernment, one to the corpoiation proposed to be
created, and one to the State of New York. I
suggest to him that that amendment would better
secure the object he has in view, and would prob-
ably facilitate the progress of the work.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speakei, section one,
article eight, of the Constitution provides that
Congress shall have the power to provide for the
general welfare of the United States. From that
article alone, independent of any military exi-
gencies, or militaiy powers of the Government
or of Congress, 1 deem that Congress has full
power to make this appropriation; not only for
the building of the ship-canal around the fails of
Niagara, hut for enlarging the Illinois canal so that
gunboats or other Government transpoits can be
transferred from the Mississippi liver to Lake
Michigan, and from thence by the lakes and
through the proposed canal around the falls of
Niagara into Lake Ontario; and that, under the
same provision of the Constitution, Congress has
the further power to improve the rnp'ds of the
Mississippi liver in which my friends from Iowa
are so much interested.
I am in favor of no niggardly, picayune policy.
I am against squandering the public money; but
I am in favor of developing this gieat country,
whetherthat countiy is embraced within the lim-
its of the State of New Yoik or the limits of the
Stateof Illinois, orthe limits of theState of Iowa,
or anywhere within the limits of what is known
as the great Northwest. I hope I have as few
local prejudices as any one, I am in favor of the
development of the whole country, and I am in
favor of the strong arm of the Government lend-
ing itself to the heroism and the patriotism and
the energy of the people to develop the -whole
country and provide forthegeneral welfareof the
people thereof.
No man in his senses can doubt that this is a
proposition looking to the improvement of the
coadition of the country; and this proposition to
construct a canal around the falls of Niagara, and
to enlarge the Illinois ship-canal, is calculated ma-
terially to improve the whole country, and. espe-
cially New England, New York,and Pennsylva-
nia, as well as Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, Iowa,and
the other States composing thegrandNorthwest.
And howwill itimprove the condition of the peo-
ple of New England? I insist that the people of
New England are as deeply interested as the people
of Illinois and the entire Northwest in the enlarge-
ment of this Illinois canal. They are not exclu-
sively but essentially a manufacturing people.
They have grown rich; i do not envy them their
riches. They occupy a grand and glorious posi-
tion in this country, and I rejoice in that position.
Let them go on with their manufacturing; let them
supply the country with cloths; let them supply
our Army and the people with shoes; let them sup-
ply us with guns and with ordnance of every kind.
Let them go on and make their needles and pins,
their sewing machines and steam engines. Let
them go on in this prosperous career of industry;
and let us of the Northwest be the great producers,
and furnish them with corn,wheat, flour,andpork.
Let us give them these products of the soil; and,
at the same time they are gaining wealth by their
manufactures, let us also be permitted to reap the
benefits of our own industry and our own energy
in furnishing them food at a cheap, or, at least, a
reasonable cost of transportation.
It has been said, but I will not refer particu-
larly to the statistics, that the great Northwest
produces to-day tenfold the amount of surplus
products that can find an outlet to the sea-board
by the present means of transportation. Yet
we arc to-day but in our infancy. Illinois alone
can produce corn and wheat enough to feed the
entiie population of the United States, and then
have a surplus for Great Britain.
We have, sir, an area of fifty-seven thousand
square miles, and almost every square mile is
susceptible of cultivation. But, sir, it is useless
for us to go on and fill our granaries with un-
counted millions, unless we can find an outlet for
that grain. We can find this outlet; we can sup-
ply the great demand that will come to us from
Europe and from New England, if we can but
have this channel of commerce opened, that we
may send our surplus products to those who need
them and demand them. Rut now we are abso-
liftely robbed by these systems of railroads run-
ning from the West to the East. They place
upon our products their own tariff, compelling
us to pay whatever amount of freight they may
determine, and we are powerless to resist it.
There is so much more to be transported than
they all can possibly transport that there is no
competition between the lines of communication
from Chicago, from St. Louis, from Cincinnati,
or any of the other great depots of the West, and
the Atlantic sea-board. They can put on their
own tariff, and we must submit.
Sir, it is time that this condition of things should
be changed. It is time that the manufacturing in-
terest of New York and New England, it is lime
that the people, should demand that Congress
shall make an appropriation which, in addition
to the appropriations to be made by States or cor-
porations, will give us a water communication
from the Mississippi to the Atlantic ocean. It is
time that this demand should be made, and time
that it should be responded to by Congress. Sir,
Illinois demands it; the great Northwest, that is
now paying its millions of dollars annually into
the Treasury of the United States, demands it; the
great middle States demand it; New York demands
it. This demand should be heeded by Congress
No petty jealousy that can be engendered by one
section against another should be allowed tosway
the b'-tter judgment of any man upon this floor.
It is time that we should be acknowledged as one
nation, having a common interest: the promotion
of the general welfare of the whole people. We
should come here not to legislate for New Eng-
