im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
to this,legislation will be the organ of the tribe,
and the man who refuses his consent will be the
cast-off man of the tribe,and that will be the way
the consent will be obtained.
I repeat it, the men who refuse consent will be
the men withoutauthority. They have not tak^n
the oath, they are not in communion with the tribe!
.The men who do give the consent will be the
men of authority, and when they give their con-
sent, then the authority and jurisdiction under
this territorial bill is complete and may be exer-
cised; and, Mr. President, I will agree, with a
. barrel of whisky, to procure the consent of that
tribe. Senators around me suggest it would take
| two,barrels, i do not know in regard to the pre-
cise effect of one or two barrels. As it will be
managed, it seems to me that this whole matter
of consent is an outrage; it will be obtained to a
, certainty, and there will be no power on earth for
these Cherokees to say "no" to tiiis treaty.
Those who say no will be disloyal, will be un-
faithful, and any chief who attempts to stand in
the wffy of this legislation will be a rebel! It is
said that a portion of the tribe is disloyal. It will
be easy to make this charge against any man who
does not admit the propriety of this legislation!
Make a charge of disloyalty against him and that
he does not represent the tribe because he has not
complied with their requirements, and there will
be no difficulty in getting consent!
Mr. President, if there is any honesty in this
provision stipulating that consent is to be ob-
tained, there is no need to pass this act until the
next session of Congress. Make the treaty be-
tween this and the next Congress; and after the
treaty is made authorizing legislation of this de-
scription it will be time to initiate it. To initiate
the legislation prior to making the treaty is what
we would never do with a nation that had any
power to resist. But now, over these Indians,
we make this stipulation, having the power in our
own hands to compel their consent, with the un-
derstanding that they shall consent, and whether
they do or not, this legislation is to take effect.
Mr. President, I am not going to take the time
of the Senate longeron this bill. I simply ask
for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say one
woid only. My anxiety for the* passage of this
bill this session ^rows out of the fact that this
Territory,^which is utterly disorganized, bounds
upon our State, and our State feels deep interest
in the passage of the bill and the organization of
the Territory immediately.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I look
upon this legislation, as asked for by the Senator
from Kansas now, as being an outrage on one of
the best bodies of Indian tribes there is or has been
in our country. It is true they are now disorgan-
ized, destroyed; but we have no right to compel
them or compress them as is proposed, and that
kind of outrage, although it may be not import-
ant to us as a Government, is an outrage on hu-
manity.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Krown, BuckaJew, Connes^, Cowan,
11 ft r tun T.•>!><> i~,f I n.i it >.n f ~
, Stewart,
_ NAYri—Messis. Autliuny, Foster, Henderson. Howatd,
MeDougali, Morgan, Powell, WHley, and Wilson—9,
AUSEXT—Messrs. Cariile. Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, Di\on, Foot, Grime*, Hah-. Harding, Harris Hen-
ducks, Howe,Johnson, Morrill, Richardson, Riddle, Sauls-
bury Sherman, Ten Eyek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wnglit—24, 5
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
ftiessage from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that the
riouse had agreed to the report of the committee
ot conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 390) relating to the
postal laws.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to. the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (H. R. No. 744) to amend an
act entitled An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt and for other purposes," approved
June JU, 1864, asked a conference on the disagree-
— iue^sirs. llrowii, BuckaJew, Connes^, <
Doohttle, F.uwell, Harlan, Lane of Indiana, Lane <
 as, NeMiiitii, Nye, 1'omeroy, Rainsev, Spraeue, S
bumiM'r, mid Van Winkle—17.
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. JdstinS. Morrill of Vermont, Mr.
Samuel Hooper of Massachusetts, and Mr.
George H. Pendleton of Ohio, managers at the
same on the part of the House.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R.No. 744) disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and
On motion by Mr. DOOL1TTLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and agree to
the conference asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
ot* tile two HousMl'tilereon.
Ordered, Thacthe conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed tfy the Viee Piesident.
The VIGE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Sher-
man, M/C Cowan, and Mr. Van-Winkle. ■
SAN JOSE MISSION LANDS.
. CONNESS. I move to take up House
bill No. 775s
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 775) for the relief of the occupants of the
lands of the ex-mission of San Jose, in the State
of California, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, with an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a substitute.
IVlr. HARLAN. I do not think the amend-
ment need be read; but I will state the substance
of the bill and Lhe amendment. I shall not even
take up the time of the Senate by calling for the
yeas and nays. The bill as it conies from the
House of Representatives provides that the set-
tlers on a certain private land claim in California
shall have the right to enter at $1 25 an acre the
lands which they purchased, and which they have
cultivated and improved, according to the line of
a survey they themselves have agreed on. I be-
lieve the survey was prosecuted by a deputy sur-
veyor of the United States. Of course it was in-
formal, but I have no doubt it was correct. The
amendment of the committee proposes a general
law to dispose of all private land claims that shall
have been rejected by the judicialauthorities,and
provides that the occupant may hold one hundred
and sixty acres for his improvements; that the res-
idue shall be appraised; that the improvements
and the land shall be appraised separately; that
the land shall be put up to the highest bidder; and
that it any other than the original owner of the
improvements shall bid it off he shall pay the
owner of the improvements their appraised value.
I shall not ask for the yeas and nays upon it; but
I think the amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands is right in principle.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say now, in re-
sponse, that the Senate may understand the ques-
tion, that the statement of the Senator from Iowa
is correct in regard to the original position of this
land; but these parties settled upon it, and have
been there for ten or fifteen years past; their im-
provements do not consist alone of houses and
fences, but of orchards, of vineyards, of the most
advanced improvements in the State of California;
and to disturb the lines of the survey would ruin
and destroy their property. They believed that
they bought a good title, and they paid an ex-
travagant price for that titles Now they are will-
ing to pay the Government again. The purchase
or this land from theGovernmentat $1 25 tin acre
will net between forty and fifty thousand dollars
at once to the Treasury. The passage of a gen-
eral law such as issuggested by the Senator from
Iowa, while it might do where everything had to
be begun de novo upon a ranche, as we term it,
would not do at all, and would be utterly de-
structive of the interests of the settlers, so far as
these mission lands are concerned. It applies to
the celebrated Santa Claia valley, the old mission
of San Jose, one of the most advanced communi-
ties in California. The original bill has been
passed by the House of Representatives, and I
hope the substitute will not be adopted. 1 am
willing that the vote shall be taken.
Mr. FOSTER. I suppose there is not a quorum
here. I understand fiom the chairman of the
Committee on Public. Lands that an amendment
is reported by that committee to this bill which is
not acceptable to the Senator from California, and
that a vote is to be taken either upon the amend-
ment or upon the bill, and it cannot be done by
yeas and nays, because that vote would discloss
the fact that there is not a quorum present.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not say I would ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course, I understand the
honorable Senator did not. I am simply asking
whether, under the circumstances, it is right and
proper to go 011 and legislate.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend that there is a
quorum here.
Mr. FOSTER. At this hour of the night it is
certainly improper, with so thin a Senate, to con-
sider matters about which there is dispute.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I may state that
the chairman of the committee is not strenuous
in this case.
Mr. STEWART. And the committee is di-
vided.
Mr. FOSTER. Whether the chairman be
strenuous or not, I suppose, is not the question.
It may be that the man who is in the right is not
as strenuous as he who is in the wrong, it some-
times happens thata man-who is in the wrong is
the more strenuous, and that because he is in the
wrong. I submit, simply as a matter on which
I think we ought to deliberate, whether it is best
at this hour of the night, with a bare quorum, if,
indeed, we have one, to legislate about a disputa-
ble matter affecting titles to land which is said to
be among the most valuable in our Golden State.
Mr. CONNESS. Made so by these people.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not doubting that they
have very important rights, but I submit whether
we may not be voting away titles to property of
very great value without really knowing one thing
about the whole matter.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not reply to the Sen-
ator, but leave the question to the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." Let us take a vote.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER, (Mi-.Pomeroy.)
The question is on the amendment, the reading of
which has been dispensed with by unanimous con-
sent.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. Now, as I understand it, this
bill comes from the Committee on Public Lands,
recommended by them with an amendment. We
refuse, without hearing the amendment orthebill
read, to accept the amendment,and now the ques-
tion is on the bill. f
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing to have the bill
read. I think when the Senator hears it he will
determine how just it is.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not ask to have it read.
I do not interfere with the matter at all. I only
suggest that this strikes me as being peculiar legis-
lation.
Mr. CONNESS. Do we not know that ?
Mr. NYE. The precedent was last year adopted
here in this body. They gave to one man who was
similarly situated about nine thousand acres, and
I take itfor granted thesame rule that wasadopted
by a full Senate last year should be adopted now.
It is a mere matter of justice.)
Mr. NESMITH. As I understand this bill,
there can possibly .be no person's right interfered
with. This bill isaccompanied by a map which
shows the amount ofground that each man claims,
and there are no outside claimants,'no litigants,
no parties who profess to have any rights that
can be interfered with if this bill passes.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; the land is in the
peaceful possession of these people.
Mr. NEbMITH. It is ground in peaceful pos-
session of the occupants; they have all agreed
among themselves as to the lines, and all they ask
is the privilege of paying the Government $1 25
an acre. It strikes me as a very simple proposi-
tion, and one which cannot compromise the rights
of any other paities.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The facts are substan-
tially as stated by my friend from Oregon. Thera
18 no one to be damaged. Prices have been paid
tor this property, very large prices, by the parties
in possession, and it is nothing more than simple
justice to allow them to acquire title under the
United States.
lhe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment* and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
