■1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S11
POSTAJJ LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message
of the House of Representatives, informing the
Senate that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.390)
relating to the postal laws; which report is as fol-
lows:
'The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 390) relating to the
..postal laws, having met, after full and Tree conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their re-'
spectivc House* as follows,to wit:
- Fhst, that the Ilouse recedefromtheiramondmentstrik-
ingout the first section of said lull, and agree to ilie suiu'e
amended to read as follows; to vvjt:
"That all domestic letters, except letters lawfully
franked, and duly certified letters of >.oldtcrs and manners
in the service of the United States, which arc deposited
for mailing in any post office of the United States, on which
the postage is unpaid, shall he sent by the postmaster to
the dead-letter office in Washington; and all letters de-
posited (or mailing, paid only m pah, sli.ill be forwarded
to destination charged with the unpaid rate, to be collected
on delivery."
Second, that the House recede from their third, fouith,
and fifth amendments.
J. COLLAMER,
S. C. POMlSttOY,
Managers on the pait oj the. Senate.
C. COLE,
J. BROOKS,
J. M. ASHLEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
FREEMEN'S SAVINGS BANK.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 443.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 443) to incorporate the
Freedmen's Savings and Trust Company.
Mr, SUMNER. The bill need not be read,
only the amendment, which is a substitute. The
names in the first section need not be read. Be-
gin at the eighteenth line, with the words "are
constituted a body corporate."
Mr. BROWN. I move to dispense with the
reading. Let the Senator state whether it is an
ordinary savings bank charter.
Mr. SUMNER. It is an ordinary savings
bank charter, and its character is indicated in us
title, to incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and
Trust Company.
Mr. PO WELL. No extraordinary privileges ?
Mr. SUMNER. No extraordinary privileges,
and its object is a simple charily.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have read the bill; it is
in proper form, and the only question is whether
we ought to establish such an institution outside
of the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania was a member of the committee that con-
sidered it, and it was reported certainly with his
consent.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The form of it is unob-
jectionable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
can be dispensed with by unanimous consent. Is
there objection ?
Mr. McDOIJGALL. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope my friend from Cal-
ifornia will withdraw his objectfon.
Mr. iMcDOUGALL. I object to the whole
thing.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment reported as a substitute for the bill, but be-
fore concluding the reading,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the call.
The further reading was dispensed with.
Mr. POWELL. I find by the reading of that
bill that it is a roving kind of commission for
these persons to establish a savings bank in any
part of the United States. I think the bill is
wholly unconstitutional. I do not beiieve Con-
gress has any right to establish a savings bank
outside of the District of*Co!umbia.
Mr, SUMNER. Very well, let it be limited
to the District. Let the amendment be made by
inserting after the words "body-corporate" in
the nineteenth line of the first section the words
" in the District of Columbia." That is precisely
the amendment which was made last nightinthe
bill founding the asylum.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In section fourteen, I move
to insert at the close of the section the 'words
"except the president and vice president." It
is supposed those gentlemen may be in active
duty,and that therefore the trustees should not
be prevented from giving them compensation.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed lo.
Mr. SUMNER. Then in the first line of the
next section 1 propose to insert the words " pres-
ident and vice president," so as to read " that
the president and vice president, the subordinate
agents and officers of the corporation, shall re-
spectively give security."
Theamendment totheamendmentwasagreedto.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
wrs ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
(ind it was read the third time, and passed. On
motion of Mr. Powell, its title was amended
by the addition of the words " in the District of
Columbia."
PORTAGE LAKIS SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
bill No. 745, granting land to the State of Michi-
gan to aid in building a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point, Lake Superior.
The question was put, and it was declared that
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask if that bill has been re-
ferred to any committee of tiiis body?
Mr. HOWARD, it has not been'referred". It
is a bill which has been passed by the House of
Representatives, and I do not think there is any
necessity for referring it. 1 will say that a sim-
ilar bill, one almost identical with this, has been
referred to the, Committee on Public Lands of
this body and reported back favorably. The dif-
ference between the two bills is very trifling, con-
sisting chiefly in a few phrases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The engrossed
copy of this bill is not m possession of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I object to its consideration if
it has not been to a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been taken up on motion, one objection can-
not prevent its consideration.
Mr. BROWN, -it cannot be read more than
once on the same day if objection be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill can-
not be read a third time to-day if objection be
made.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will not take any such advantage as
this. I will state to him that the bill simply makes
an appropriation of land to enable the State of
Mich igan to make a ship-canal a distance of about
a mile and a half on Lake Superior, connecting
two navigable waters. It will save a navigation
of moiethan a hundred miles from the SaultSte.
Marie to the head of LakeSupeiior, and of course
more than a hundred miles on the return, saving
in a single voyage to the navigator more than two
hundred miles of lake navigation. It wilt cost
the Government nothing except a few sections of
land to the mile. The whole work is to be ear-
ned on by the State of Michigan. The land is
to be granted of course to the State of Michigan,
to be applied by that State for that pupose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill hav-
ing been read twice to-day, it cannot receive its
third reading without unanimous consent. The
Senator from Missouri is understood to object.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to take any un-
fair advantage of the Senator from Michigan in
regard to this bill; but I understand it has not re-
ceived the scrutiny of the committee of this body
which is invested with the examination of such
matteis. I have no reason to suppose that it is
in conformity with their judgment or their action,
a'nd unless some member of that committee who
has examined the bill will undertake to satisfy
the Senate on the subject, I shall object to it.
if they will give any satisfactory explanation of
it I do not desire to persist in the objection.
Mr. HARLAN. It is impossible for the Com-
mittee onPubltcLands to know what this bill is,
as it is in manuscript, as I understand, not hav-
ing been printed; but what is understood to be
substantially the same bitt has been before the
committee, and the committee approve of the ob-
ject and have reported it. If the bill is on the
Secretary's desk we can hear it read, and then
decide whether it conforms lo the general prin-
ciples observed in similar cases or not. - ,
Mr. HOWARD. It was there this afternoon.
I saw the engrossed bill. 1 '
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to interpose Sri
objection myself if other Senators are satisfied
with the character of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The bill is not here, the Chair understands.
WYANDOTTE MISSION CHURCH.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a bill which I should
like to have passed by unanimous consent, "ft
was ruled out as an amendment to the Indian a£ 
propriation bill on a technicality, and unless it is
passed now by unanimous cohsent it cannot be
passed at all. There was no objection to it; the
chairman ofthe Committeeon Finance did notob-
ject to the measure, but only to putting it upon
the appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. If my bill does not lose its
place I have no objection to receiving that.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is to pay for a
church destroyed belonging to the Wyandotte
Indians.
There being no objection, leave was given to
introduce a bill (S. *No. 485) for the relief of
trustees of the missionary church of Wyandotte
Indians; and it was read three times and passed,
in order to reimburse Jacob Whitecrow and
others, trustees or stewards ofthe Wyandotte mis-
sion of the Kansas conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church of the Wyandotte nation of In-
dians in Kansas, for the destruction of their church
building, parsonage, and library, the sum of $6,000
is to be appropriated to be applied in rebuilding
the buildings and improvements and improving
the parsonage.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think it is import-
ant to have a short executive session of five mih.-
utes to read and refer the messages. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that there is a
perfect copy of the bill which 1 called up now
on the Clerk's desk as it passed the House of
Representatives. It seems that the engrossed bill
has been taken by the printer from the Clerk's
table and carried to the printing office without
authority, because there was no order for the
printing of the bill. 5
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we had bet-
ter try to pass a bill which is not in the possession
ofthe Senate. If it was in the possession of the
Senate, I would not object. 1 move an executive
session.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall pass this
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is in the possession of
the Senate I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands there is no bill before the Senate from
the House. The Senator from Michigan can in-
troduce a bill if he wishes to do so and the Sen-
ate consent.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 2, 1865.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved
AMENDMENT OK THE KULKS.
Mr. COX. I lise to a privileged question. I
call up and withdraw the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the select committee
on the rules of the House of Representatives waa
ordered to be printed, in order that it may be
brought before the House for action. I do not
think that it will detain the House long, and m^y
be disposed of now as well as at any other time.
I ask the Clerk to read the report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The select committee on the rules of the House of.Rep-
resentatives repoit the following resolutions:
lies-olvedy That rule 74 be amended so as to add to the
standing committees to be appointed at the commencement
of each Congress, and to consist of niue members each—
Committee on Appropriations.
Committee on Banking and Currency.
v
