im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Said amendment to take cfiect froxn and after the closo
of the present Congress.
Resolve^ That the following be added to the standing
rules of the House from and after tbe close of the present
Congress;
Rule-*-. Tt shall be the duty of the Committee on the
-Pacific Railroad to take into consideration ail such peti-
tions and matters or things relative to railroads or telegraph
lines between tl c Mississippi valley and the Pacific coast
as shall be presented or shall come in question, and be re-
ferred to them by tho House, and to report their opinion
thereon, together with such propositions relative thereto
as to them shall seem expedient.
. Rule—« It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to take into consideration all reports of the
Treasury Department, and such other propositions relative
'to raising revenue and providing ways and means for the
'support of the Government as shall be presented or shall
come in question and be referred to them by the House,
and to report tlieir opinion thereon by bill or otherwise as
to them shall seem expedient.
Rule —. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Bank Currency to take into consideration all prop-
ositions relative to banking and the currency as shall be
presented or shall come m question and be referred to them
by the House, and to report thereon by bi.'l or otherwise.
Resolved, That from and after the close of the present
Congress rule 76 be amended as follows: strike out all
after the word "consideiation," in line two, to and in-
cluding the* word " expenditure," in line six, and insert
in lien thereof, "all executive communications, and such
other propositions in regard to carrying on the several
• Departments of the Government as may be presented and
referred tu them by the House."
Strike out in line one the words " Way« and Means,"
where they occur, and insert in lieu thereof the words
on appropriations."
Resolved, That from and after the close of the present
Congress rule77 be amended by striking out the words "of
Ways and Means," and inferting in lieu thereof the words
" 011 appropriations."
Mr. COX. I have nothing to say in relation
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, for I
think that will recommend itself to the House at
once.
In relation to the division of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I desire to show the import-
once and immensity of the laborimposed upon that
committee, with a view to a division of the labor.
It is not proposed, as seems to be inferred by
some gentlemen, to strike out the Committee of
"Ways and Means, although it might appear so
on a superficial reading. We still preserve the
Committee of Ways and Means, eo nomine; a«d
if the rules are properly read with the amend-
ments it will so appear.
We divide the Ways and Means into three com-
mittees. The Ways and Means are still pre-
served, and their future duty is to provide " ways
and means," tlmt is, raise revenue for carrying
on the Government. This includes of course
the tariff, the internal revenue, the loan bills,
legal-tender notes, and all other matters connected
■with supporting the credit and raising money.
The amendments confine the duty of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means simply to ways and
means. That was their original and proper
sphere.
The proposed Committee on Appropriations
have, under this amendment, the examination of
the estimates of the Departments, and exclusively
the consideration of all appropriations. I need
not dilate upon the importance of having here-
after one committee to investigate with nicest
heed nil matters connected with economy. The
' tendency of the time is to extravagance in private
nnd in public. We require of this new commit-
tee their whole labor in the restraint of extrava-
gant and illegal appropriations.
As to the Committee on National Banks and
Currency, that is not necessarily connected with
Iheothercommittefcs. They have a different prov-
' incc. The have in charge all the bank interests
of the country. These interests are so connected
by the relations of exchanges and currency with
bank issues and banking capital in the States that
it is as much as one committee can well do to
study these questions properly. It is utterly im-
possible in the present condition of our finances
that one committee can do all this labor and do it
as well as these interests demand. The com-
mittee on rules do not by this measure mean to
cast any reflection upon the Committee ofWays
and Means. They have labored faithfully, and
no set of men, however enduring their patience,
studious their habits, or gigantic their mental
grasp, when overburdened with the labor inci-
dent to the existing monetary condition of the
country growing out of this unparalleled civil
strife,can do this labornswellMtUte Jjeople have
a right to expect of their Representatives. There-
fore we propose to divide the labor of the Com-
mittee ofWays and Means. We would not, and
could not if we would, dim the luster of their
names, or depreciate the value of their services.
I think that they have been well selected by the
Speaker. They do not need any compliment from
me. It is hardly necessary to mention them in
order that the House may recall their conspicuous
ability, their indefatigable industry, their abun-
dant information, their legal talents, and their
knowledge of finance. These qualities have all
been brought into requisition, and well worked,
perhaps overworked, in this Congress. The gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who has
had charge, for the most part, of the tariff bills,
whatever may be said of his economic syst?m, is
a statesman whose information is coextensive
with all the diversified interests of the country.
He would perhaps, in a future Congress, take
charge of one of these new committees.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] who has had great familiarity with the
banking interests of his own State, would per-
haps have charge of the Committee on Banks and
Currency. The distinguished chairman of the
Committee ofWays and Means [Mr. Stevens]
would, doubtless have charge of that committee
which has reference to revenue, loans, and legal
tender. All the members of the committee here
labored diligently.
A Member. You are omitting the other mem-
bers of the Ways and Means.
Mr COX. By omitting the other members of
the committee I do not mean that they are not
also entitled to the thanks of the House. My
courteous colleague in front of me, [Mr. Pendle-
ton,] so well representing the interests of the
West, in whose Q,ueen city he lives; the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Blow,] as elegant in
manner as he is eloquent in speech, represent-
ing another great western city; and still further
West, the urbane and accomplished member from
Iowa, [Mr. Kasson;] the sterling, practical states-
man of the old school from Kentucky, [Mr.
Mallort,] and the courtly gentleman [Mr.
Pruyn] who represents the Empire State with its
immense interests on land and sea, are all em-
bodied in the distinguished head of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Stevens,] who combines with great
decision of character the abilities of all, without
losing his own conspicuous individuality.
Each member of tile Ways and Means has his
specialty—each Olympian; and as Spenser de-
scribes the gods,
"Each easy to be known by his own visraomle,
liut Jove above them all by his great looks and power
imperial.35
And yet, sir, powerful as the committee is con-
stituted, even their powers of endurance, physi-
cal and mental,are notadeauate to thegreatduty
which has been imposed uy the emergencies of
this historic time. It is an old adage, that" who-
so wanteth rest will also want of might;" and
even an Olympian would faint and flag if the
burden of Atlas is not relieved by the broad
shoulders of Hercules.
I might give here a detailed statement of the
amount of business thrown upon that commit-
tee since the commencement of the war. But I
prefer to append it to my remarks. Whereas
before the war we scarcely expended more than
$70,000,000 a year, now, during the five sessions
of the last two Congresses, there has been an
average appropriation of at least £800,000,000
per session. The statement which 1 hold in my
hand shows that during the first and extra ses-
sion of the Thirty-Seventh Congress there came
appropriation bills from the Committee of Ways
and Means amounting to §226,601,457 99. I say
nothing now of the loan and other fiscal bills
emanating from that committee. During the sec-
ond session of that Congress bills were reported
to the amount of $883,029,987 14; and during the
last session of that Congress $972,827,829 90.
During the first session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress appropriation bills were reported amount-
mg to $788,124,021 94, and during the present
session I suppose it would be a fair estimate to
take the appropriations of the last session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, say $900,000,000!
These are appropriation bills alone. They are
stupendous, and but poorly symbolize the im-
mense labors which the, internal revenue, tariff,
and loan bills imposed on the committee. Neither
do they represent the actual appropriations; for
the House has frequently increased these bills
enormously. The aggregate of these appropri-
ation bills reaches the astounding amount of
$3,770,673,296 97, or nearly four thousand mil-
lion dollars 1 For the Army alone the appropri-
ation bills during the past five sessions are over
three thousand millions! And this business of
appropriations is perhaps not one half of the la-
borof the committee. There are various and im-
portant matters upon which they act, but upon
which they never report. Their duties compre-
hend all the varied interests of the United States;
every element and branch of industry, and every
dollar or dime of value. They are connected with
taxation, tariffs, banking, loan bills, and ramify
to every fiber of the body-politic. All the springs
of wealth and labor are more or less influenced
by the action of this committee. Their respon-
sibility is immense, and their control almost im-
perial over the necessities, comforts, homes,
hopes, and destinies of the people. All the
values of the United States, which in the cen-
sus of 1860 (page 194) amount to nearly seven-
teen thousand million dollars, or, to be exact,
$16,159,616,068, are affected by the action of that
committee, even before their action is approved
by the House. Those values fluctuate whenever
tbe head of the Ways and Means rises in his
place and proposes a measure. The price of
every article we use trembles when he proposes
a gold bill, or a loan bill, or any bill to tax di-
rectly or indirectly. In ten years these values
increased at the rate of more than one hundred
and twenty-six per cent., adding in one decade
$8,925,481,011 to our real and personal property.
Since this war began these values have been
drawn upon to give credit and cash to the Gov-
ernment, and so drawn upon that one half of the
increase and one fourth of all of these values are
already practically under mortgage. Can one
committee properly pass upon the immense in-
terests thus bound up, and reaching down to
other generations ? Not only every rood of land
has now to sustain its living occupant, but it has
to sustain soldiers in the field and sailors on tho
sea, who are not producing, but destroying, what
is wrought from the soil. Nay, more, it has to
pay its tribute to the creditor of the nation, not
only in the present, but to the inheritor of our
national bonas. The laborer who works now his
ten hours per diem must work four hours more
for the creditor of the nation. Thus is our nation
being overburdened by the legislation of to-day;
burdened for the present and for the future. Is
it not best to give every facility for the crystalli-
zation of the wisest financial policy?. And does
not this measure assume greater importance be-
cause of its far-reaching effects upon our finances
and our future? Without discussing the wisdom
of our present system of finance, is it not import-
ant, in this day when these debts are growing,
to have the system as nearly safe and just as pos-
sible? Have we not already, like other nations,
instead of providing for the principal, provided
only for the interest of these great debts? What
follows? That money borrowed, being obtained
without sweat or sacrifice, is spent lightly, with-
out economy or care. Dr. Arnold well says, that
"a revenue raised at the expense of posterity is
sure to be squandered wastefully. Waste begets
want, and the sums raised by loans will com-
monly be large." If that be true, is it not a co-
gent reason for the separation of the old commit-
tee which borrows from the committee which
pays? One will be a veto on the other; and
something of economy may be gained, and some-
thing of extravagance restrained.
Mr. Speaker, f do not propose to discuss this
change of our rules in its details. But is there
not a necessity for some change? Is it not wise
to divide such labors as have been described?
Who wishes to overwork anyset of gentlemen in
this or any future Congress ? There are gentlemen
who will be in the nextCongress when this change
shall take effect, who will be glad to share with
the old committee the solution of these financial
problems. These problems are soon to agitate
the country above all other questions. Peace and
war depend upon them. They rise higher tijan
peace or war. They rise higher than the freedom
