1805
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
ILLINOIS SHIP-CANAL.
The SPEAKER. The next bill in order is the
bill (ii. R. No. 322) for the construction of the
Illinois ship-canal, which was postponed till to-
day immediately after the reading of the Joui nal.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move the following as a
substitute, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion:
That us a military woik, and to facilitate the defense of
the noitliern Irontier. and to enable gunboats and vessels-
ol-w.ir lo pass fioin the Mississippi to Lake Michigan, and
lo pioumtc the commerce between the ditlerent States and
the L'mied Si.ilea and foreign nations, the President of ttic
United Suies be, and he is hereby, tully authorized and
empoweieil to deepen and enlarge tiie Illinois and Michi-
gan canal, supplying the same with water hom Lake Mich-
igan, and lo nnpiove the navigation ot the Illinois and Des
Plane.- liver^ in Mich manner as to insure a safe and umn-
lerrupit'd navigation between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi nver at all times during the season ot navigation,
for gunboat-*, steamboats, naval and war vessels of the
United Stale-, not drawing over six leet of water, the plan
of which -hall be submitted to and approved by the Ptes>i-
deut <il the United States. The President may, and he is
heiebv auihonzed to, contract with the State ol Illinois, or
uah any company incorpoidtecl foi that puiposc, to con-
ttiuct said woiIv>>.
Sk*,. -2. slut! he it further cnactcd, That to aid the State
ol lllnioi-, or Mich eompany as may i>e incorporated torthnt
|)iii|iiM>, in the construction of &aid wotk.-, the sum of
6-; .U0U.0UU m bonds of the United States, pa>able twenty
>e.u-> iiom their date, bearing interest at the rale of six
j>et cent, per annum, to be made and issued in the usual
manner, tin* iuich'M and puncipal of whieh «aid bonds to
tie pajalde out of any money* to be heiealterappiopriated
by (.'oiiiK-ss, shall be duiiveied by the Tiea-sinei of the
Uiutnl M.tn - lo the Suae of illinow upon th.i following
condiimiiN, tt  tie absented to b> the Legi-launeof tlie State
ot llliiioH, and winch shall be emln.iced in a eontiact be-
tween Hie United State* and said State ot Illinois bciore
tin' delivery of any ol said bonds, to wit: KirM, that the
sanl ean.it and rivei*. when mipioved shall be and icmain
foieveriiet* homtoiloi ehaigeupon the vessels,gunboats,
transport-., Hoops, mateiinl of war, and other piopeity of
the I,cued Slates. Second, the Stale oi Illinoi--hall, by
its Legisiatuie, undeitake and contract thai that Stale,
fitin'r by u-t-it or itnou«li Mime comi)auy ineoipmaied lui
that puipo>e, <iiall proceed without delay to commence,
and w ntiiii .i rea-onalde lime complete, theMiid canal and
nver impiovemenw in such a wa> as to injure Mich navi-
gation a- hriejnb'-iore mentioned betvvt en Luke Miehigan
and ilie Mi^i-.-ippi i iver. On compliance \v ith which con-
dition-, and on the execution of Mich comiaet between the
United mjics and the Slate of lllinm-<,the Secrctaiy of the
Tiea-uiy i- directed to issue and dehvei said bonds in man-
nei lullowni!:, lo wit: the amount oi {#,">1)0,000 in bonds
•shall be <leliveied upon the concluding ot said contract
Willi the Siale of Illinois ; and whenever thcie shall have
been expended upon said worksite sum of,$'1,000.000,and
the same -hall be certified and sworn to by the chief engi-
neer ol said woiks, an additional *um of ^.300,000 in bond**,
Us afore-.iul, shall be delivered to said Stale; andsoonlor
evciy S'l ,1)00,000 expended upon said woiks and certified
and vended to tin- Secietary of the Trea-ury as atoiesaid,
the Mini ol .^aOO.OOO in bonds shall be i->«.ued and deUvetcd
until tne whole amount of said ^.">,1)00,000 shall have been
deltveied foi the purposes ot" aiding iu cousltueting said
wotks as atoresaid.
Pending the reading; of the substitute,
Mr. WASilBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
ten minutes before five o'clock p. m.,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 2, 1SC5.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secietary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication fiom the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs suggesting: that an appro-
piiation be made to enable his office to provide
for the usual distribution of medals to leading ar.d
influential Indian chiefs; winch was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter fiom the Secretary ot the interior,
tiansmittmg a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs representing the neces-
sity that exists for an appropriation to pay for
supplies of goods purchased for certain Indians
by him, the purchase having been made to meet
the exigencies of the tribes occasioned by the
destruction of previous invoices of supplies on
boaul the steamer Welcome at St. Louts on the
15th of July last; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affaiis.
CRKDENTXALS PRESENTED.
Mr.*NESMlTH presented the credentials of
lion. George H. Williams, chosen by the Le-
gislature of the State of Oregon a Senator from
that State for the term of six years from Match
4,1865; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWARD presented five petitions of cit-
izens of Michigan, praying for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Fort
Wayne, Indiana, to Jonesvillc, Michigan, and
that the time for building the Amboy, Lansing,
and Traverse Hay railroad may be extended;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of the chiefs and counselors of the Wyandott
tribe of Indians, praying to be relieved from (he
payment of taxes assessed on their lands by the
authorities of Kansas for the two years between
the date of the patents and the organization of a
State government over the Territory where they
reside; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
424) to facilitate the collection of certain debts
due the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
425) to revive for a certain time the provisions of
the act of 1846 relative to suspended entries of
public lands; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION FIRE.
Mr. FOOT. I offer a concurrent resolution,
and, presuming that there will be no objection
from any quarter, 1 able for its present considera-
tion.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of llepicentativos
com'tnring,) That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the donate, conjointly with the Committee on
Public Buildings and Giounds ol the House, be, and they
arc hereby, dnected toinqinie into the origin of the fne by
whieli the"Smithsonian Institution building and the valuable
deposits therein were, on Tuesday, the S21th day of Janu-
aiy, m whole or jn part destroyed ; the approximate lo«s
to the Government and to private person*.; the mean<? ne-
cessary to pruscive the lemaining poiuon-of said building
and its content^ f om further mjuiy; and Mich othm lacN
in connection theievviih a* may be of public inteiest, and
to report by bill or otheiwise.
QUOTA OF RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revoked, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to the Senate copies of'any correspondence that
may have passed between officers of the Department and
the amhoiitiCs of Rhode Island relative to the quota of
that h-tate under the kt Act for emolling and calling out
the national foiceV and the act-, in amendment thcicto ;
also any report^ and other papers in the Depuitmcnt relat-
ing lo tiie subject.
TRIAL OF COLONEL NORTH.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, T\r<\t the Secretary of War be diiectnd to com-
municate to the tt.Miatc the ictord of the proceedings of
tin* court before whom Colonel North, a commissioner
liom the State of New York m telalion to the t.ikiti" the
vott i of the soldieis liom that Stale, was Uied on charges
ot' irremUmty and impioper conduct in reference thoieto.
Mr. HALE. I do not interpose any objection
to the consideration of the resolution, but I think
we ought to have some policy in regaid to these
matters. Years ago the Senate used to refuse in-
variably to order these recoids before it. Subse-
quently to that, in some cases, it has ordered them
to be sent here. If you oider one, I do not^vcll
sec how you can refuse to otder others. Ihere
are some proceedings of courts-m&i tial which, to
my mind, arc outrageous and enormous; but I had
not thought of this mode of reaching them, i
shall not oppose this resolution, but I simply
want the Senate to understand what it is. We
aie to constitute ourselves into a sort of court for
the coirection of eirors in the pioceednigs of
courts-martial which are in constant session all
over the United States. I have no doubt there is
occasion for it; but itiscontraiy to the usual prac-
tice of the Government huietofore; and if we go
into it the Senate will, pcihaps,be precluded from
intending to othei duties.
Mr. WILSON. If there is any objection to
the resolution, let it lie over.
Mr. HALE. I do not object.
Mr. WILSON. Let it go over, anyhow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be laid over.
TIIE INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. I submit this resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
toinquire as to the policy of organizing a territorial govern-
ment for the country lying between Kaunas and Texas,
known as the Indian country, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that resolution had
better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theresolution will
go over under the rules.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 403)
to amend the act entitled "An act to encourage
immigration," approved July 4,1864, and the act
entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of pas-
sengers in steamships and other vessels," ap-
proved March 3,1855, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 101)
for the relief of Josiah O. Armes, reported it wi th-
out amendment, and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr.POMEROY,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 70) to enable
the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the claim of the State of Kansas, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Conimeice, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
355) to amend an act to regulate the admeasure-
ment of tonnage of ships and vessels of the Uni-
ted States, passed May G, 18G4, asked to be dis-
charged from Us further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
295) making additional grantof lands to the State
of Minnesota, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said State, reported,
it with amendments. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 85) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue certain bonds to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, for feeding the refugee In-
dians, reported it with amendments.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 126) to
construct a ship-canal around tiie falls of Niag-
ara.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Major General
Philip H. Sheridan and the officers and men un-
der his command; and it was thereupon signed by
the Vice President.
ORDER OV BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution calling on the President for infor-
mation aboutpeace commissioners which I offered
the day before yesterday, and to which the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] pioposed an
amendment. I wish to have it acted on now. We
ought to have the mfoimation at once.
Mr. TRUMRULL. The unfinished business
of yesterday was a joint resolution from the House
of Representatives lelating to the canvassing of
the votes foi President and Vice Piesident, and I
suppose that, as unfinished business, it would be
fn-ht in order; it came up in the morning yester-
day, and 1 should object to having it displaced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be the
first business in order to-day, unless the Senate
continues its usual piactice of being disorderly in
its business.
Mr. TPtUMBULL. It would come up after
