1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
stances I may be allowed to introduce my remarks
here. I observe my friend from Pennsylvania, is
very anxious to hear me.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mistaken.
J am wot in the least anxious to hear a speech on
any subject.
Mr, ELAINE. Mr. Speaker, I am aware that
it "is a very giave stefi for Congress to propose
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. A change in that " great charter of our
rights and liberties" should be made only after the
most mature deliberation and under the convic-
tion of an imperious public necessity. There has
always been in the American mind a well-founded
and justifiable prejudice against tampering with
the provisions of our organic law—a prejudice so
settled and so strong that it has been overcome
in but three instances since the organization of
our Government in 1789. I trust and confidently
believe that the fourth instance will be found m
the adoption of that great amendment in the in-
terest of impartial freedom which Congress lias
so recently submitted to the States for their ac-
ceptance or rejection.
1 speak now in advocacy of a fifth amendment-
one which in my judgment is absolutely essential
to the financial success of the Government, and
to the commercial, manufacturing, and agricul-
tural prosperity of our country jo all future time.
It is an amendment which 1 had the honor to
propose during the last session of Congress, arid
which was embodied in the following resolufiori
adopted by the House on my motion, on the 24th
of March, 1864: /
Resetted, That the Judiciary Committee be directed to
Inquire intothe expediency oj'piopo^mg an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States by striking out the
fifth eJauae of section nine, article one, which fothids the
levying of a tax on articles exported from any State.
The subject was referred anew, in December
last, to tile Committee of Ways nod Means, and
it was expected until very recently that'll would
be brought before the House for definite action
before the expiration of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress. The pressure of public measures already
on the Calendar seems now to forbid all hope of
securing a rote on the proposition during this ses-
fiion; hut I cannotailow the occasion to pass with-
' out saying a few words in defense and supportof
the proposed amendment, and of thegreatchange
which it contemplates in the future administra-
tion of our system of taxation and finance.
The subject of'tuxing ex ports—or rather of giv-
ing Congress the power to do it—was discussed
at great length in the Convention of 1787; anil one
of the marked errors of subsequent times is the
very general belief that the Convention inserted
the constitutional prohibition by a very decisive
vote. Another erroneous belief, quite as current
as the foregoing, is that which attributes the
advocacy of the prohibitory clause to the South-
ern or " staple States," as George Mason termed
them, and the opposition thereto to the northern
States. The facts of history do not sustain either
of these assumptions, as 1 shall proceed to show
by a record that is undisputed and indisputable.
Any one who will take the pains to peruse the
synopsis of the debates of the Constitutional
Co nvention as given in the Madison Papers will
be struck with the fact that many of the strongest
men of that august body—the really fai-sighted
statesmen among its members—were opposed to
the insertion of the clause prohibiting a tax on
exports; and of these there were even more con-
spicuous examples from the South than from the
North.
Mr. Madison himself, at one point of the dis-
cussion, expressed himself thus:
''As we ought to be governed by national and perma-
nent views, it is a sufficient argument forgiving rhe power
over exports that a lav, though it may not expedient at
prysjent, may he so liw«;jfter. A proper regulation of ex-
ports m<ty, and probably will, be necessary hereulter, and
jor the same purposes a« thy lobulation of imports,namely,
ior revenue, tor domestic manufactures, and for procuring
equitable regulations from other nations."
• At another stage of the debate on She same im-
portant subject Mr. Madison spoke as follows:
" Fi"rs>t, the power of laying taxes o« expntts is pi oper in
lfs>ef/  ami n* the States cannot with urounety uxvieirt; it
separately it ought to be vested in them collectively ; wec-
omlly, JUmg.jt witjj particular advantage be exercised with
ie«ai(i to article.? in which America is not livaled in for-
eign maikew, as tobacco, «u .j thirdly, the southern States
beinu moM. in dan^r, and moti needing naval protection,
«)«W the less complain n thebarten should fclUome what
Leaviwt on them."
Mr. John Dickinson, of Delaware said that
a The power of taxing exports might be Inconvenient at
present, hut it mu-U he of dangerous consequence to pro-
hibit it with respect to all articles and forever."
Mr. Gouverneur Morris, of Pennsylvania, in
reply to what he regarded as sectional arguments,
remarked that
"Local considerations should not Impede the general in-
terest. He eoiiMdered the taxing of *\Tj>orts  to be in many
cases highly politic. All countries having peculiar articles
tax she exportation of them, as France her wines and bran-
dies."
And be added in another placej
" That the state of our own country would change, and
render duties on exports of peculiar law material,- politic m
the view of encouraging American mnuufuctmes."
And he concluded by declaring that taxes on
exports would be often more proper and easy
than taxes on imports, ami that
u To prohibit itwns so radicallvobjVctionable that it might
cost the whole ? ysteni tue support of some members*."
Mr. James Wilson, from the same State, one
of the purest and ablest men of the Convention,
followed Mr. Morris in support of the same po-
sition. He declared himself "decidedly against
prohibiting general taxes on exports," and in
subsequently debating the question he remarked
that
" Fn favoring the genial power over exports lunopposcd
the paittcufar interest of his own State. To deny this
power is to takd fiom tli(? common Government half the
u'gul.uiOH n( trade. It was hi? opinion that a power over
expoits might be more effectual than over imports in ob-
taining beneficial treaties of coinmeicc."
Mr. Rnfus King, of Massachusetts, opposed
the pi ohibition as a measure " introducing a weak-
ness which will render common defense more
difficult."
But I need not multiply these quotations. I
have cited enough to show that this prohibitory
clause was not inserted in the Constitution with-
out very seiious opposition from many of the
leading minds of the Convention. The citations
I hare made demonstrate also that this opposition
was not based on narrow, local, and sectional
grounds, but that it sprung from great national
considerations overriding all these. Neither the
support nor hostility to the measure was deter-
mined by geographical lines. The statesmen from
whom I have quoted represented alike the New
England States, the middle States,and the south-
ern State«—the three great divisions then com-
prising the whole couniry. So on the other hand,
among those who laboiod to deprive theGeneial
Government of all power over exports, we find
Gerry of Massachusetts, Langdon of New Hamp-
shire, and Ellsworth of Connecticut, quite as zeal-
ous and resolute as Mercer of Maryland, Mason
of Virginia, and Rutledge of South Carolina.
When the Convention approached a vote on
the question, Mr. Madison perceiving the prob-
ability of the prohibitory clause being adopted,
attempted to have it amended so that an export
tax might be laid by Congress with the concur-
rence of two thirds of each House. He stated
that he considered this u a lesser evil than total
prohibition,"and on this proposition the test vote
was taken. Eleven States were present; five voted
in favor of Mr. Madison's motion and six against
it. Of the six, Virginia was one, and her vote
was carried against u by a majority of one in her
delegation—it appearing on the record that Mr.
Blair, Mr. Mason, and Mr. Randolph voted no,
while General Washington and Mr. Madison
voted ay. A single member of the Virginia del-
egation, against the wise and considerate judg-
ment of Washington and Madison, is thus re-
sponsible lor the vote which deprived Congress
of all power oyer the exports of the country. No
important provision in the entire Constitution
was adopted by so slight a majority and against
the strenuous opposition of leading men.
Thus much, Mr. Speaker, as to the origin of
this prohibitory clause, with the citcumstances
attending its adoption. Stoutly as ita introduc-
tion was resisted, it has remained in the Consti-
tution without cavil or question from that day to
this—a proposition to strike it out never havin<*
been even submitted in Congress prior to the one
1 am now discussing:, -indeed, the perfect ease
with which the national Treasury has been filled
from tariff duties up to the beginning of the pres-
ent war continually obviated the necessity of
looking to other sources of revenue, and hence
very naturally little thought has been given to the
immense sum that might be derived from a judi-
cious tax on exports. But Mr. Madison and
his distinguished associates, from whom 1 have
quoted, admonished the Convention that the time
might come when on export (ax would be a ne-
cessity,for the triple object of obtaining revenue,
of encouraging domestic manufactures, and for
procunngequnable treatiesof commnce with for-
eign nations. The period thus anticipated by ihe
wise statesmen of 1787 has arrived, and for the-
maintenance of our national credit in the trials
and crisis of the immediate and distant future,
there is an absolute necessity that Congress shall
have the power to levy a tax on exports.
Of course a wise and cautious discrimination is
to be exercised in selecting I he articles and com-
modities that will bear a tax of tins character.
The general and obvious distinction is to tax such
and such only as have no competing product in
foreign marts, or at all events such weak com-
petition as will give us the command of the mar-
feet after thecommodity has paid its export dues
in this country. As an illustration, take cotton,
which is our leading export in time of peace.
It is believed with confidence that the Ameri-
can product can pay an export tax of five cents
per pound and yet with ease maintain itspieemi-
nence in the markets of England and the Euro-
peat) continent. Our export in a single year has
reached three million two hundred thousand bales
of five hundred pounds each, and it would rapidly
run beyond that figure after peace is restored and
the competition of free labor is applied to its pro-
duction. But if it should never go beyond the
quantity named an export tax of five cents per
pound would yield a. revenue of $80,01)0,000 from
this single article, as any one will sec by a mo-
ment's calculation.
Tobacco and naval stores also afford a large
margin for an export tax, owing to the superior
quality and quantity of the American production
of each article. Without attempting to weary the
House with a paradeof statistics, ic maybe suffi-
cient to state that in thejudgmentof our bestecon-
oniists the three commodities to which i have re-
ferred would jointly yield in time of peace a coin
revenue of $100,000,000, without in any degree
impairing their command of the markets where
they have always been purchased so readily. Of
tobacco alone our export in a single year has ex-
ceeded theenormous figure of two hundred million
pounds, arid a very large proportion of the revenue
of Fmnceand some other European Governments
is derived from the duty laid upon its importation.
Might we not, at all events, share with foreign
nations the advantageof the enormous tax which
this article of luxury will bear, making them pay
a moiety into our coffers instead of monopolizing
it all for their own? Should petroleum continue
to be developed in such immense quantities, with-
out being found elsewhere, it, too, will in due time
bear a very considerable export tax, as indeed
will ail articles (without attempting-their specific
enumeration) whose production is peculiar to this
country, or whose quality may be greatly supe-
rior to products of similar kind in other countries,
or, in the comprehensive phrase of Mr. Madison,
u articles in winch America is not rivaled in for-
eign markets."
The fear which has often been expressed that
the congressional power to tax exports might be
used to oppiess certain sections and to discrimi-
nate againstpaiticular commodities is manifestly
groundless. It is always safe to trust to self-
interest in a nation as well as in an individual.
The highest national interest in the matter ws
are discussing is to encourage exports in every
honorable and priicticable way, and the moment
that an export tax tended to check or decrease
exportation that moment it would be abolished
or reduced. Of course there must be exportation
before revenue can be derived from an export tax,
and hence I repeat that the interest which under-
lies the whole design affords the absolute guar-
antee against any oppressive attempt to discrimi-
nate against any section or any particular com-
modity.
Intdligentgendemen will tell us, however,that
Government enn just as efficiently collect th6 tax
on any given article through the excise system of
our internal revenue as by levying an export tax,
and they hence argue againsi any necesaity for
