IBM
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
trouble by providing aSpeaker who will appoint
a proper committee. I would not have made
these remarks had it not been for the strange re-
marks of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.Blaine.]
Mr. MORRILL. I am entirely indifferent'as
to the disposition which shall be made of this
* subject by the House. So far as I am myself con-
cerned, I have never sought any position upon
any committee from the present or any other
Speaker of the House, and probably never shall.
1 have no disposition to press myself hereafter for
any position. In relation to the proposed division
of the Committee of Ways and Means, the only
doubt that I have is the one expressed by my col-
league on that committee, [Mr. Stevens,] in re-
gard to the separation of the questions of revenue
from those relating to appropriations. 1 n ordinary
times of peace I should deem it almost indispen-
sable and entirely within their power that this
committee should have the control of both sub-
jects, in order that they might make both ends
meet, that is, to provide a sufficient revenue for
the expenditures. That reason applies now with
greater force; but it may be that the committee is
overworked.. It is true thaf for the last three or
four years the labors of the Committee of Ways
and Means have been incessant; they have la-
bored not only days but nights; not only week-
days but Sundays. Ifgentlemen suppose that the
committee have permitted some appropriations to
be reported which should not have been permitted
they little understand how much has been resisted.
As it regards the complaint of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] the subject to which he
refers was, I believe, properly referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and it has been
informally considered by that committee, and
would have been reported before this time, pro-
vided the committee had seen any opportunity
within the last six weeks when it could be rea-
sonably brought forward and have proper time
allowed to debate it, and no gentleman, not even
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] would
desire to have such a question as that brought be-
fore Congress without the amplest time for its
discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. I would state that some time
ago the Senate committee to which that subject
■was referred reported absolutely against the
amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. Only ten days ago that was
done, and in the Senate that question, as have all
amendments of the Constitution, went to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, where it originally went
here, and where it was when it was taken from
them by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. Being purely a question of
revenue, and the Committee of Ways and Means
having complete jurisdiction of the whole ques-
tion relating to financial affairs, I do not myself
see that it could have been properly considered
by any other committee. I have no feeling on the
question now before us, and am utterly indiffeient
as to what is done by the House upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very glad to see every-
where the proper feeling exhibited upon this sub-
ject. 1 am sure nobody has been discussing it in
any spirit of unkindness to the present commit-
tee, or to any of the members of it. This is a
question relating sim ply to the labors of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Every one will ap-
preciate that the national banking system has
thrown a very large class of new duties upon the
Committee of Ways and Means. And it seems
to me that with the immense amount of work
"which they have on hand it is manifestly fitting
that the committeeshould be relieved from a duty
so distinct in its character from the others.
ihe only question is the one which the gentle-
men of the Committee of Ways and Means have
f raised; that is, whether it is proper to separate
the business of appropriations of money from the
other legitimate business of the Committee of
Ways and Means, from the business of providing
• for taxation and revenue. It seems to me that
those two subjects are quite distinct in their na-
tuie. It is true they have relations toeach other
so tar as relates to the support of the Govern-
ment, but m no other respect are they at all re-
lated. '
All that the Committee of Ways and Means
would want to learn from the Appropriation Com-
mittee would be simply what their estimates were
as gathered from the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, actual and estimated. Those being known,
the Committee of Ways and Means proper would
look to the sources from which they could raise
this money. The Committee on Appropriations
being one chiefly of detail, would examine the law
with reference to appropriations and the ljeces-
sity of proposed expenditures. This committee
could give more time to these subjects than the
Committee of Ways and Means as at present or-
ganized can possibly do.
I hope this proposition will be adopted. 1 am
very sure that no person has any reason to com-
plain that anything unkindly is intended toward
any committee; and especially as it refers to the
future and not to the present Congress it seems
to me entirely free from anything personal.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Mr. Speaker, the re-
port now under consideration contemplates rad-
ical changes in the committees of this House; and
the propriety of those changes should be deter-
mined with regard to the future, andnotwifh ref-
erence to the manner in which the present Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has discharged its
duties.
Now, sir, no committee on finance can under-
standing^ make reports to this House unless
both sides of the account are before that com-
mittee. The merchant prince of New York, trans-
acting commerce with all parts of the globe, his
daily payments being enormous, must have be-
fore him every day his assets and income, in
order that he may understand how to meet his
obligations. The cashier of a banking institution,
in determining the amount of discounts, must
have before him every day the amount of means.
So with your Committee of Ways and Means:
it must have before it all sources of income; the
internal revenue question, in order that it may
understand the changes proposed or to be recom-
mended; the import duties, in order that it may
propose changes. It must have before it,on the
other side, the estimates of the different Depart-
ments of the Government, showing the amount
necessary to carry on the Government for the
coming fiscal year. No committee can make ap-
propriations unless it has before it the income of
the Government for the fiscal year. The estimates
of your Departments are frequently reduced or
enlarged by the Committee of Ways and Means.
How could the Committee on Appropriations in
the next Congiess understand how to enlarge or
reduce appropriations unless they understand
something of the public income of the Govern-
ment > The arrangement now presented, if the
House propose to adopt it, should be so modified
that the Committee on Appropriations should
submit the appropriations to the Committee of
Ways and Means; else there might be a year
when your appropriations would exceed very
largely the amount provided to carry on the Gov-
ernment.
Wow, sir, during this war, Congress has been,
upon nil questions of finance, the creature of cir-
cumstance, the amount of expenditure depending
upon the movements in the field, the magnitude
of the movements of the Army and of the Navy.
Hence no Committee of Ways and Means, what-
ever talent it might possess, could bring out the
account with precision at the end of any fiscal
year. But, sir, it is to be hoped that peace is
near, that the expenditures of this Government
are to be reduced; and when peace returns, when
economy must be studied by the committees of
this House, it will be necessary that the ways
and means upon the one side shall be so adjusted
[as to meet the appropriations on the other. And,
sir, I trust tnat this House will act with wisdom
npon this question, and leave the question of ways
and means and thatof appropn .tionsin the hands
of one committee.
To me, individually, this is a matter of no in-
terest; for I am not to be in the next Congress, and
I tiust in no future Congress. But I understand
something of these questions, and I can see the
{evil that will arise from the division of thisCom-
Imittee of Ways and Means.
I may letnark that in my view the report now
under consideration is wise so far as it proposes
to take from the Committee of Ways and Means
the banking question and the railway question,
lbose subjects do not properly belong to that
committee. But I say again, do not divide that
committee by making one Committee of Ways
and Means and another Committee on Appropria-
tions. ,
Mr. COX. One word in reply to the gentleman
from New York. I do not think that there is
anything practical in his statement. These com-
mittees can consult with each other. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the Committee
on Appropriations can just as well consult with
each other as the Committee on Military Affairs
can consult with the present Committee ofWays
and Means. The argument of the gentleman
would drive us to have one committee, and one
committee only, for all of our business is inter-
laced more or less. The Committee of Ways
and Means will have before them the estimates
of the Departments. They can without trouble
get any information they please from the new
Committee on Appropriations without any spe-
cial clause in our rules. That is the duty of a
mere clerk. They get information now from the
Departments. Estimates are sent here at the be-
ginning of every session and from time to time;
and therefore there is no practical objection in the
statement of the gentleman from New York. I
do not meet with any other objection. 1 will
now yield to my friend from New York [Mr-.
Ganson.]
Mr. GANSON. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
ofWays and Means was organized under a dif-
ferent state of things than that now existing.
There have been added to its duties national cur-
rency, internal revenue, and larger appropriations
than ever before, growing out of the necessities
and expenses of the Government in the present
war. 1 think that the remedy would be to have
one committee, and to enlarge thenumber of mem-
bers composing it,'so that it could be divided,
one portion to take up and consider the internal
revenue and tariff, another portion the appropria-
tions, and so on; all to report to the committee,
which shall act upon the facts and suggestions
which may be reported to them. In this way
they can dispose of all the business with intelli-
gence, with dispatch, and with care. It is like
any Department of the Government. I would!
have one committee, with one head, but I would!
have it divided into sub-committees like the bu-|
reaus of one of the Departments.
The Committee of Ways and Means cannot
now attend to ail the business which has been
thrown upon it. It is like the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, which has more than itcan do. Six
weeks ago there was referred to the Military
Committee to inquire into the Old Capitol and
Carroll prisons, and they have not yet rcpoited.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I ask the gentleman to
let me offer an amendment,
Mr. COX. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCIC. With the permission of my
colleague I will say one word on the pending
proposition. I do not think that the adoption of
the pioposition will entirely remove the difficulty,
although it may to a certain extent.. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
LittlEjohn,] if it proves anything, proves that
we want in tiie organization of the House noth-
ing except the Committee of Ways and Means.
From the duties assigned to that committee,and
the course of proceeding here, we have drifted
in that direction already. I know as well as the
gentleman from New 'York [Mr. Ganson*] how
exceedingly onerous are the duties of the A1 ihtary
Committee, made a pack-horse as it is for almost
everything by the gentleman from New York
and others. Yet we are willing, as far as prac-
ticable, to do our share of that which cornea
properly within the scope of the jurisdiction of
that committee. In practice how does it turn
out? I will give an illustration. Dining this
session the Committee on Military Allans has
applied itself to the investigation of the questions
connected with the increase of pay and allow-
ances to officers of the Army, with a view to af-
ford them some relier. The committee prepared
a bill which a short time since passed this House
and went to the Senate. The fiist we know of it
is that there comes back from the Senate an ap-
propiiation bill, which was sent to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, which embraced the
legislation in this regard proposed by the Sen-
ate, and I do not know but that it subsequently
reached a committee of conferencc
Mr. STEVENS. It was no fault of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that it came to them.
