1865.
GLOBS.
M7
It was referred to them and they recommended a
non-concurrence in the amendments. The Mil-
itary Committee of the Senate declared that they
would riot take up the House bill, and therefore
it was put on an appropriation bill, which came
to us.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I have not imputed blame
to any one. It went to a committee of confer-
ence. The committee of conference disposed of
.the question, and it has been embodied into a law
between the two Houses; and yet the Committee
on Military Affairs have had nothing whatever to
do with it. Though that committee bestowed the
labor of a number of sessions upon the subject of
the pay and allowance to officers of the Army,
by a sort of side wind, through an appropriation
bill, the whole subject is disposed of by a com-
mittee of conference, the Committee on Military
Affairs standing here sucking their thumbs, I
suppose, or at least having no direct agency as a
oommittee in any way in determining what should
be the legislation in regard to the pay and allow-
ance of officers.
The same thing is true in regard to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I say this is not the
fault of the Committee of Ways and Means. 1
am making no complaint of them. The fault lies
in the mode and manner of the organization of
our committees. While the Committee on Naval
Affairs may have bestowed their attention for
■weeks upon the subject of a bill, the whole mat-
ter is suddenly dispused of through the agency of
on appropriation bill, and the work and labor of
the Naval Committee either does not come to light,
or only in the shape of an empty report which is
never acted upon.
There must be a cure for this in some way,
and I do not know in what way unless it is by
giving to the several committees the command and
disposition of the business which pertinently be-
longs to them. It is with no invidious spirit that
I make these remarks. I have taken these in-
stances as illustrations of the manner in which
our rules operate. I say that under the present
system all the labor bestowed by the Military
Committee upon a particular subject passes into
the shape of law without that committee, or any
member of the committee, having in anyway any
hand in or control of it,because it finds its way into
law through an appropriation bill. I do not know
■whether the proposition of my colleague [Mr.
Pendleton] goes far enough to reach this evil.
If not, I hope before the House takes action on
it that it will be amended or modified so as in
some way to distribute the business of the House
among the appropriate committees.
' Mr. COX. Upon the suggestion of the com-
mittee 011 rules, of which the Speaker is one, I
modify the resolution in relation to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, so that it shall read,
" said committee shall have leave to report by bill
nt any time." I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. COX moved that the vote by which the
resolutions were agreed to be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In this con-
nection I report from the committee on rules the
following resolution:
Resolved, That rule 27 be amended as follows, namely:
add at the end thereof, "and lie shall be required at the
commencement and close of cach session of Congress to
take inventory of all the furniture, books, and other
puhlic property in the several committee and other rooms
under his chaige, and report the sanietothe Uou e; which
report shall be referred to the Committee of Accounts', wno
shall determine the amount for which lie shall be held lia-
ble tor mifsmg articles."
Resolved, That rule 134 be amended as follows, namely:
add at the end thereof, " or any of the rooms upon the
same floor, and opening into the same."
" Resolved, That lule 29 be amended as. follows, namely:
strike out in lmo* six and seven the word*, "before the
last name on the roll wa< called; and if he shall answer
in the negative the Speaker s>hall not lurtherenteitain the
rrqueft of such member to vote ; provided, however, that
any member who was absent by leave of the House may
.vote at any time before the result is announced."
The first amendment proposed is in regard to
the 27th rule. [Cries all over the House, " Ail
rightI""AIl right!"] Very well, I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Tiie first and second resolutions-were agreed to.
The third resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That rule "29 be impended as follows, uamelv:
strike out in lines six'and seven the words, u when your
narile was called," and insert in lieu thereof " before the
last name was called."
Mr. BROOKS. What is the meaning of that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We propose
to change the present rule. The gentleman from
New York and other old members will recollect
that it was never the practice of the House, under
any circumstances, to permit a member to vote
unless he was within the bar when his name was
called. The Speaker, when a member asks to
vote, is required to propound the question to him
whether he was within the bar when his name
was called. A practice has grown up, however,
which has led to a good deal of carelessness in
members not being here, of asking unanimous
consent to vote, which we know is almost uni-
versally granted. We propose to change that rule
and provide thut any member may vote if he is
within the bar when the last name was called, but
if not, that he shall not vote at all.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentleman
that it ou^ht to read " the last name on the roll."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir; I
will insert the words, " on the roll."
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the several votes by which the resolu-
tions were adopted; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
last rule to apply only to the commencement of
the next Congress.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table bill of the House No. 763, to
amend an act entitled " An act tQ^nid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraphic line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean," for the pur-
pose of concurring in some amendments of the
Senate.
No objection was made, and the amendments
of the Senate were read, as follows:
First amendment:
Page 1, line four, after "California," insert " the Union
Pacific railroad, the Union facific Railroad Company, east-
ern division, and all the other companies provided for in
the said act ol the ad July, lt64."
Second amendment:
Same page, line nine, strike out the words, " from Sac-
ramento," and insert in lieu thereof "of construction."
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that this
bill relates to this railroad down here?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Oh, no; it is
the Pacific railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe the
bill only allows these roads to issue their own
bonds.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. That is all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this a Senate bill ?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. No, it is a
House bill to which the Senate has made some
amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments of the Senate were
agreed to.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. -I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to allow me to introduce and have passed
a bill to authorize a three-cent coinage.
Mr. STEVENS. I will in about an hour from
this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
all debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order is closed'by
order of the House in five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. All debate on the - printed
bill only. There maybe new amendments of-
fered upon which debate will be in order.
Mr. HOLM AN. The proposition was to limit
the debate to five-minute speeches.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania stated with very great carefulness that
he desired to cut off debate entirely in five min-
utes.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had no right to move to clojse de-
bate on anything except the pending amendment.
The SPEAKER. Unless by suspending the
rules or by unanimous consent; and unanimous
consent was given.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague [Mr. Dtr-
mont] was to have five minutes to explain his
amendment.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but there is
to be no other debate on the printed portions of
the bill and amendments thereto.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 786) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1866, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be upon the amendment of Mr. Dumont to
insert after the first clause, under the head of
" miscellaneous," the following:
For the fencing in, repair, and completion of the United
States court-hou^e and po?.f. office at Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, and paving the sidewalks in fiont of the same, the
sum of §3,<)U0, or *uch part thereof as may be necessary,
is hereby appropiiated, to he expended under the direction
of the Secretary ol the Interior.
Mr. DUMONT. I desire to make a very short
explanation of my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What has
become of the point of order which I raised last
night in regard to this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman state
his point of order again? The Chair does not
call it to mind now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The point
of order was that this is a new appropriation or
new legislation, and is therefore out of order un-
der the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules tho
point of order.
Mr. DUMONT. I beg leave to explain in a few-
words the amendment 1 have offered. Some four
or five years since an appropriation of about ninety-
thousand dollars was made for the construction ofa
court-house and apost office at Indianapolis. The
building has been erected, but it is not yet com-
pleted, although the appropriation has now be-
come exhausted. The objectof the small appro-
priation which I now ask is for the completion
of this building. The post office and court-housa
are both measurably completed, but there is yet
no inelosure around the building. It was intended
that the building should be a fire-proof edifice.
The heating apparatus has no t yet been completed.
This post-office building is exposed to danger,and
to the depredations of thieves and robbers. The
building is 011 a public street in the town, but has
not been fenced in at all. The back portion of the
building is used for post-office purposes, and there
is nothing to prevent evil-disposed persons from
gaining access to the building through the back
part of it.
This appropriation has been recommended by
the Sccretaiy of the Interior, with this exception,
that he recommends an appropriation of $8,000.
But in the hope that 1 might get the Committee of
Ways and Means to consent to the amendment, I
have reduced it to $5,000, and have further pro-
vided that only such poi tions of the $5,000 shall
be expended as may be absolutely necessary. It
seems to me to be a penny wise and a pound foolish
course, to erect a splendid building at a cost of
$90,000, and then fail to finish it, when the trifling
sum of $5,000 will complete and secure it from
dilapidation. We have in Indiana one United
States court-house, in Illinois there are two; in
Indiana there is one United Siatesjudge.in Illinois
there are two; 111 Indiana there is one united States
marshal, in Illinois there are two;in Indiana there
