552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
In short, a state of war was declared to exist
In that event, it will be observed that that stat-
ute did not make any law for the States which
had attempted to sccede and were in arms. It
named no State whatever, it was a general law
that when the people of a State are m insurrec-
tion and claim to act under the authority of the
State, and the State authorities do not repudiate
it and do not stop it, then the President may de-
clare them to be in insurrection, and thereupon a
state of war exists; and the Supreme Court of
the United States, differing about the blockade
question before that, all decided that after that
act was passed the state of war was complete.
Now, Mr. President, in order to conform our
legislative acts to that law which we have already
passed and that condition of things which exists,
I propose to offer a substitute for this resolution,
which I shfc.ll presently send to the desk. The
President's proclamation declaring certain States
to bo in a state of rebellion and insurrection, was
duly issued under the law of 1861, which I have
just read. That is all matter of public record.
We know what the proclamation is. We know
that it was issued according to law. It declared
a state of war. The proclamation is before me,
but I need not read it. It declares under the act
"which I have read, that certain States are in a
condition of war and insurrection. Hasthatever
been changed ? Have any States declared by that
law and proclamation to be in this condition, ever
altered their condition? The state of war cer-
tainly still continues.
In'view of the statement which I have made, I
propose in place of the resolution, which seems
to me obnoxious to the objections I have made,
to strike it all out, and also the preamble, and to
insert simply this:
That the people of no State, the inhabitants whereof
have been declared in a state of msuriection l>y virtue of
the fifth scction of the net entitled "An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports and for other
purposes," approved July 13, 1861, shall he regarded as
empowered to elect electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States until «aid condition of insurrec-
tion shall cease and be so declared by virtue of a law of
the United States.
This is not a resolution declaring any State to
be in this condition and legislating for any State
by name, or making any distinction between par-
ticular States. It is simply a law in pursuance of
the act of 1861, declaring what shall be the effect
which shall foiiow a certain condition of things
into which any State may fall. For the reasons
I have stated, I desire that this substitute shall be
adopted in lieu of the resolution. If put in this
shape, it will be a statute declaratory of the ex-
isting law, declaring that States in such a condition
have no power to vote for electors.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, 1 suppose from what 1 collected of their
views, would have no objection to any change of
phraseology of the resolution which will accom-
plish the object that the committee had in view
and that the other branch of Congress had in view
in adopting the resolution as it stands. The ob-
ject of the committee in the report is to prohibit
the counting of the votes thf t have been cast in
the States there named, the committee assuming
that the States there named are Stated in rebel-
lion, arid being States in rebellion are not author-
ized to vote forPrcsidentandVicePresidentof the
United States.
The honorable member from Vermont prefers
his mode of accomplishing thatend; but virtually
it is the same, provided his amendment covers the
case now existing; but 1 rather think the form of
his amendment will be found to provide only for
subsequent cases, and not for an existing ease.
Jt seems to me to be prospective in its provisions,
and not retrospective. The case to be provided
for is one which has already occurred. Nor do I
see any material difference, or any difference in
point of fact, between the preamble as it stands
and the amendment proposed by the honorable
member from Vermont. He objects—and in the
general the objection is certainly well founded—
that it is unadvisabie to legislate for particular
cases; but 1 am at a loss to see how in substance
the particular case will not be provided for by his
amendment- He refers to the act of July 13,1861,
tinder the authority of which the President was
authorized to declare certain States to be in a con-
dition of insurrection or rebellion, and he tells us,
what we all know, that in pursuance of the au-
thority so conferred, the President has declared
certain States to be in rebellion, and those States
arejhe very States mentioned in the preamble to
this resolution; so that the only difference be-
tween the resolution as it stands, in this partic-
ular, and the resolution as proposed to be amended
by the honorable member from Vermont, is, that
the States are mentioned in the resolution before
the Senate, and will be found mentioned in the
proclamation to which the amendment and the
Senator from Vermont refers.
But as I said in the beginning, as far as I am
individually concerned I have no objection to such
a change of the phraseology of the resolution as
will accomplish the purpose, that purpose being
to declare that votes cast by the States which are
named in the preamble are not to be counted.
Whether that is to be accomplished by naming the
States, or is to be accomplished by referring to the
act of 1861 and what has been done under that
act, is to me perfectly immaterial, and, 1 think,
makes no difference as to the effect of the resolu-
tion. But even if the amendment proposed by
the honorable member from Vermont should be
preferred by the Senate, I submit to him and to
the Senate that it will be necessary to change its
phraseology so as to make it very clear that it will
cover the existing case.
The question, then, Mr. President, is whether
Congress have any authority to legislate at all on
this subject. I agree with the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee and my friend from Ver-
mont that the authority exists; and I was some-
what surprised to find that it was disputed by
gentlemen of such distinction every way, and
particularly in their profession, as the honorable
member from Wisconsin and the honorable mem-
ber from New York. The Constitution of the
United States does notprovide in any way amode
by which a contested election growing out of an al-
leged informality in voting, or an alleged illegality
upon the part of those who voted, or an alleged
incapacity on the part of those voted for, is to be
decided. The honorable member from Illinois is
right in saying that if we are governed by the mere
letter of the Constitution in this particular, there
is no power existing by which anything more can
be done than to have the votes counted. He is
right in saying that looking to the mere letter of
the provision there is no authority given to the
President of the Senate to count the votes. He
is right, also, in saying that there is no provision
in the Constitution which dccides who shall de-
clare the result of the voting after the votes shall
have been counted. In relation to all these points
the Constitution is silent; but the Constitution
provides that certain persons shall not be voted
for as President of the United States. No one
who is not a native-born citizen of the United
States, or who was not a citizen at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution, can be voted for.
Members of Congress and officers under the Gov-
ern men t cannot be selected as electors. The States
are only authorized to appoint through their Le-
gislatures a number of electors equal to their num-
ber of Senators and Representatives. Now, if a
person not a native citizen of the United States,
or not a citizen in 1789, when the Constitution
was adopted, is voted for as President, or if a
member of Congress of either branch or an offi-
cer of the United States is voted for as an elector,
or if more than the number of votes to which a
State is entitled is cast, there is no clause in the
Constitution which provides a mode by which
these objections may be obviated. If the Vice
President is to count the vote, and he is to decide
the result, and is merely to decide the result, ac-
cording tewthe words of the instrument alone,
then he may declare that A B is elected President
of the United States, although the whole country
knows that A B was not a native citizen of the
United States. So he may count all the votes of
any one State, (for his function it is supposed is
only to count;) he may count all the votes cast
by the Slate of New Yoik when, in point of fact,
New York has cast more votes than she is au-
thorized to cast under the Constitution.
How are these questions to be decided? As it
is very clear that in the instances to which I have
referred—and there are others—theic is the ab-
sence of any authority given to the Vice Presi-
dent or to the two Houses when meeting in con-
vention to decide them if they should arise, one
would suppose—unless we are to remain without
a President, or to have placed in the presidential
office a man who is not eligible, or to have one
placed there by votes which there was no consti-
tutional right to cast—that there must be some
mode by which those difficulties are to be ob-
viated.
If there is under the Constitution no authority
conferred upon the Vice President, or upon either
House acting separately, or upon the two Houses
when meeting in convention, and there must be
an authority to settle these questions, or other-
wise you visit upon the men who framed the Con-
stitution the imputation of having been entirely
unable to accomplish that work, there must be
somebody, some department of the Government,
vested with authority to provide for the exigency;
and when you go to the legislative department of
the Government you find that all legislative power
is vested in the Congress of the United States,
and you come to the conclusion that the Vice
President has no power to cover the particular
case when the votes are being counted, nor the
House of Representatives, nor both Houses meet-
ing in convention. Unless the work of the mem-
bers of the Federal Convention has been very im-
perfectly accomplished, the power mustbe vested
in the legislative department of the Government.
I never heard before—I speak it with entire re-
spect to my learned brothers—that it was doubted
tnat it was within the province of Congress to
provide for cases of this description. The doubt
was, and perhaps that doubt was well founded,
whether votes could be excluded by either branch
of Congress or by the two when they met in con-
vention. Nobody supposed that the Vice Presi-
dent could exclude them. But I was about to say
that I never heard it doubted before that such a
contingency, as might well happen because of
the manner in which the constitutional provision
was framed, could not be provided for by legis-
lation. Chancellor Kent, in the first volume of
his Commentaries, says:
" The President of the Senate on the second Wednes-
day in Febiuary succeeding every meeting of the electors,
in the presence of both Houses of Congress opens all the
certificates, and the votes are then to he counted. The
Constitution does not expressly declare by whom the votes
are to be counted and the result declaied. In the case of
questionable votes and a closely contested election, this
power may be all-impottant, and I presume, in the ab-
sence of all legislative piovision on the subject, that the
President of the Senate counts the votes and determines
the result."
He admits that it is in the power of Congress
to legislate, and doubts only, whether in the ab-
sence of legislation there exists any department
of theGovernment, or any officer of the Govern-
ment, vested with power to count the votes and
declare the result, and in relation to that he is
only able to bring himself to state by way of
opinion that he presumes the President of the
Senate is to count the votes and declare the result.
But he presumes that only in the absence of legis-
lation. Legislation on the subject, therefore,ac-
cording to the high authority of this distinguished
jurist, is admissible, and of course within the
power of Congress.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable member
from New York—I do not understand my friend
from Wisconsin as going to the extent of that
objection—says that he denies to Congress the
power to declare that the votes of any State arc
not to be counted. Docs he mean to say that the
votes of the States in rebellion are to becounted ?
I do not speak of Lou'siana, because he may per-
haps be able to except Louisiana out of the cate-
gory of rebel States; but assuming now that there
are rebel States, and assuming that Louisiana is
one of the rebel States, does my friend from New
York say that the votes of those States are to be
counted? 1 presume not; and yet if we do not
legislate upon the subject, where is the power to
exclude them? The Vice President of the United
Slates may think it his duty to count them; he
may think it his duty, counting them, to declare
the result of the election consequent upon that
count; and it makes no difference that we know
outside of the balloting that the result will be the
same whether those votes are counted or ex-
cluded, the principle is the same. We are not to
know, wc do not officially know, what the result
of the election hug been. Who can know (offi-
cially , I mean,) how the electors have voted ? There
may be,for aught that we know, acontestedelec-
tion by the ballots, and the result of that contest
