1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STEVENS. It is necessary to pay for
clerks who worked often all night.
Mr. PRICE. Were they the same clerks who
worked at the same place during the clay?
Mr. STEVENS. It was found impossible to
get additional clerks to do the duty, and these
cleiks had to woik far into the night. They
ought to be paid.
Mr. SCHENCIC. These men for whom this
appropriation is purposed to be made are some
agents or employes of the provost marshal's office.
And I know they enrolled persons when they
had in their possession the certificates of those
persons that they were enrolled in some other
State or district. They have done the work very
loosely arid discreditably, more so perhaps than
the work has been done in any other district of
the country.
Mr. STEVENS. The deputy marshal was
making out the papers of his office in order to
adjust them, and it was found necessary to em-
ploy additional aid, and the marshal could not
find anybody except some clerks in the Depart-
ments here, who were willing to do extra woik
out of office hours. They agreed to^vork a cer-
tain number of hours each night, and the mar-
shal agreed to pay them.
Mr. PRICE. 1 supposed that was the character
of the claim, it proposes to pay men who are
employed at sixteen or eighteen hundred dollars
a year.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no. These clerks were
mere temporary clerks, who were paid by the day
three or four dollars. They were not regular
clerks.
Mr. PRICE. They were clerks employed in
the Departments. Go to those offices and you
will find them coming to their offices at nine or ten
o'clock and quitting nt four o'clock. In that time
they do a day's woi k. And now these same men,
who stay in their offices five, six, or seven hours
a day, are to be paid $9,U0U extra compensation
for woiking during the same time. I hope this
will not be adopted. I move to strike it out.
Mr. KASSON. I move a division of my amend-
ment, so as to take a vote first upon the remainder
of my amendment and then upon the clause to
which objection is made.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 wish it understood thatl
was seiious in the inquiry I made, i believe the
persons proposed to be paid are employes in the
office of the enrolling board of the marshal of the
District of Columbia. That being so, i desire to
say, as my knowledge goes, that thjs work has
been done worse in the District of Columbia than
anywhere else in the country. Whether it be the
fault of the clerks in the office or other persons
there, or whether it was their object to aet the
largest amount of work nod the greatest amount
of extra pay i do not undertake to say. But I
do undertake to say that they have enrolled men
whose certificates of exemption they had in the
office. They have enrolled a number of mem-
bers of Congress—to which I have no particu-
lar objection—but it is rather a loose way of do-
ing business. The whole proceedings in this
city are very much of that chaiacter. I speak
from the information which has come to my
knowledge.
Mr. PRICE. My motion is to strike out.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio will not deceive the
House. The persons proposed to be paid arc
none of those engaged in making the enrollment.
They are temporary clerks employed m this city
in the various Departments at three or four dol-
lars a day. It was found necessary to get aid,
and they got these clerks to make copies of the
papeis which had been previously prepared,
promising to pay them a certain amount for each
night's work of four hours each. They did work
faithfully, and performed their duty under the
contract. The provost marshal states all these
facts, and the question now is simply whether
these men shall be paid according to the con-
tract.
TheamendmentofMr Price was not agreed to.
The amendmentofMr. Kasson wasagreed to.
Mr. POSTON. I move to amend by inserting
the following clause:
For colonizing friendJv Indiana in Arizona on a reser-
vation on the Colouuio ilvei ami supplying them with im-
plements of husbandry and seeds to enable twin to become
self-sui-.tatning, the sum ot $lol>,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
I desire to say that in the very short time that
the Territory of Arizona has had the honorof lep-
resentation on this floor it has been impossible to
m'atuie and pass through the proper committees
measures providing for the settlement and regu-
lation of Indian affairs in that Territory. lam
therefore obliged to rely upon the generosity of
the House to adopt the amendment which is now
presented. It is essentially necessary that the
friendly Indians of Arizona should be colonized
upon a reservation before the white settlers can
enter upon an exploration of the rich mineral re-
sources of that Territory without danger of col-
lision, and as a great benefit to both Indians and
whites the measuie will commend itself to every
sense of justice, policy, and economy.
Mr. WIN DOM. I simply desire to say that
this proposition was before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and was carefully examined by them,
as well as maps and reports on the subject, and
a communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the committee were unanimously in favor
of the proposition; but there not being time to get
a bill through the House, the gentleman from
Arizona was advised to take this course and test
the sense of the House on the question.
Mr. BENNET. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the appropriation $161,000;
and I do it for the purpose of correcting a staie-
ment made yesterday with regard to the Terri-
tory of Colorado. It was slated by the gentle-
man from New Mexico [Mr. Perea] that the
Territory of Colorado paid no internal revenue;
that there was no collector of internal re* enue in
that Territory. I have before me the repoi t of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and 1 find it
stated there that the net total collection up to June
30, 1864, m the Territory of New Mexico was
$20,259 09, while the levenue collected m the Ter-
utory of (Jolotado was $61*638 69. More than
three times the amount of taxes was paid by Col-
orado than was paid by New Mexico. 1 state
this only for the purpose of placing my own Ter-
ritory right upon the recotd. I now withdraw
my amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THIS PRESIDENT.
The committee, at this point, rose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, a
message fiom the President, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, informed the House that
the President had approved and signed bill of the
House No. 160 for the relief of Chapin Hail; and
bill of the House No. 728, lo pay each of the
surviving soldiers of the Revolution, five in num-
ber, whose names are on the pension rolls, $300
annually, as a giatuity,in addition to the pen-
sions now paid them.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL—
The Committee of the Whole on the sTale of
the Union resumed us session.
Mr. POSTON. Mr. Chairman, Arizona, more
than any other Teiritoi y of the United States,
rises to the dignity of lusionc fame; it is even
prehistoric, reaching far kick into the dim tia-
duions of the Aztecs. As eveiywhere else on
earth, the history of man is here distinctly marked
by the struggle between civilization and barba-
rism. The Aztecs lived in continual warfare with
the barbarous tribes of the mountains, and their
descendants to this day maintain the warfare be-
queathed to ihem by their ancestors. The Aztecs
were peaceable, industrious Indians, living by the
pursuits of agiicuUure, dwelling in communities,
and exercising a system of government wiih emi-
nent principles of justice. The bat barians of the
mountains wet e their natural foes and finally drove
them into southern Mexico, leaving only a few
degenerate descendants in the north.
The Spanish explorers found a very interesting
race of Indians in that part of the continent now
belonging to the United States and designated as
the Temtory of Arizona. A knowledge of these
remote people was first given to the European
world by the romantic expedition of Cabeza de
Vacca, who crossed the continent from the savan-
nas of Floiida to the mountains of New Mexico
in 1538. In these remote regions he found a peo-
ple beaiing evidences of Euiopean origin and prac-
ticing many of the arts of civilization. They were^
supposed to be the descendants of the colony of
the Welsh Princo Madoc who sailed from Wales
for the New World in the eleventh century—cele-
brated insongbySouthey. They are now called
Moquis, and 1 beg leave to call your attention to
their present condition as described in an official
report of Colonel Christopher Carson, first cav-
airy, New Mexican volunteers.
Headquarters Navajo Expedition,
Dcccmber 6.
Captain: I have the honor to report for the infoimation
of the department conimundcr, that on the 15th ultimo E
left ill is post with companies C, D, G, H, and L, first cav-
alry, New Mexican volunteers, demounted, tor the purpose
of exploring the countiy west of the Oubi villages, and if
possible to chastise the Navajos inhabiting that region.
On the 16th I detachcd thirty men with tfcrgenut Andreas
Herrera, of company C, first cavalry, New Mexican vol-
unteers, on a frt*:-li trail which intersected oui khuo. The
sergeant followed the tiail for twenty miles when he over-
took a email party of Navajos, two of whom he killed,
wounded two, and captured filty head of sheep and one
hor^e. En loute the puitycame on a village lately de-
serted, which they destroyed. The energy and zeal dis-
played by the sergeant and his party on tin* occasion merit
my warmest appiobation.
On the 21 f t arrived at Moqui village. I found on myai-
rival that the lulmbuants of alt the villages, except the Oi i-
bis, had a misunderstanding with the Naviijos, owing: to
pome injustice perpetrated by the latter. I look advuntace
of this fueling, and succeeded in obtaining icprcseutatives
from all the villages, On In excepted, to accompany me on
the war path. AIv object in insisting upon parties of ihesu
people accompanying me was simply to involve them so
far that they could not retract; to hind them to us and
place Ihem in antagonism to the Navajos. Tliey were of
some !-ervice, and mumicsted a great desire to aid m every
respect. While on this subject J would icspectlully rep-
resent that these people, numbei ing some lour thousand
souls, are In a most deplorable condition, fioin the fact
that the country lor several miles aronnd their village is
quite barren and is entirely destitute of vegetation.
They have no water ior purposes of irrigation, and
their only dependence tor subsistence i* on the' little corn
they raise when the weather is propitious, which is not
always the case in this latitude. They are a peaceable
people, have novel robbed or murdeied the people ot New
Mexico, ;ind ate m every w.iy worthy of the Insuring eaiu
of I he Govet iitncnt. Ot I he bounty so unsparingly bestowed
by it on other Pueblo Indians, ay, even on the marauding
bands, they have never tasted, and I earnestly recommend
that tiie attention of the Indian 13ureau he called to this
matter. I understand that a couple of years' annuities for
Ihe Navajos, not disiubuted, are in the pit-session of the
supenntemlent of Indian a flairs at Santa F6, and I con-
sider that, it such an arrangement would he legal, these
goods would be well bestowed on these people. *
C. CARSON,
Colonel First Cavalry, Neio Mexican Volunteers,
Captain Benjamin 0. Cutler, A. G.
In antagonism to these interesting people we
have the barbarous Apaches, the Bedouins of
the desert and the robbeis of the mountains.
Time immemoiial their hand has been against
every man and every man's hand against them;
they disdain to labor, and live by robbery and
plunder. For three cemuiies they have staid
the progress of civilization in that part of the con-
tinent, and now hold its richest mineral treasures
✓from thegiasp of the white man. They have suc-
cessfully de ended their mountain homes against
the Spatn.nds, the Mexicans,and the Amencans.
A few haidyand enterpi isnig Americans have
been endeavoring to petietiaie that Ei Dorado for
several yeais, but for want of military support,
and on account of the desolating war which has
spi ead its ravages to the confines of Arizona, they
aie yet pieventcd from exploring that inviting
fit Id of m i n e i a I wealth. The subjugation or ex-
termination of this merciless tribe is a measure
of stein justice which ought not to be delayed.
Their subjugation would open to our hardy min-
ers an unexplored gold field noithof the Gila,
which the Spaniaids considered the tiue El Do-
rado. A sickly sympathy for a few beastly sav-
ages should not stand in the way of the develop--
rnent of our rich gold fields, or the protection
of our enteipiismg frontiersmen. The settlers
uround the capital (Prescott) have kept one hun-
dred men in the field for more than a year at their
own expense; their leader, Colonel ICing Wool-
Key, had been ruined by the Apaches,and adopted
this method of retaliation. They have waited in
vain for the protection of the military branch of
the Government, and were forced in self-defense
to take the matter in their own hands.
The Pimasand Maricopas are a confederated
tribe, living on the Gila river, one hundred and
eighty miles from us confluence with the Colo-
rado. They are an agricultural people, living e'n-
utely by the cultivation of the soil, and number
some seven thousand five hundred souls. They
have always been friend I y to the Americans, and
boast that up to this day they do not know the
color of the white man's blood. They hold ona
of the strongest positions on the continent, ac-
cessible only after crossing deserts in every direc-
