1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
may depend upon the counting or declining to
count the votes from the rebel States. Everybody
will admit, I am sure nobody more cheerfully than
the honorable member from New York, that if in
such a contest one citizen is elected by the votes of
the loyal States excluding the votes of the disloyal
States, and another is elected only by including the
votes of the disloyal States, the first although re-
ceiving a smaller number of votes numerically, is
to be declared elected. If we all think that, are we
willing (not because we feel in doubt as to what
would be the result in the particular case, but we
are establishing a principle;) are we willing to leave
it to the Vice Presidentof the United States to an-
nounce aselected Presidentand Vice President two
gentlemen who may be elected only by the votes of
those rebel States? Everybody will say no. Well,
if we are not willing to leave the power to him,
and there must be such a power somewhere, un-
less the Constitution of the United States vests in
him the power, and exclusively vests in him the
power, why should we not at once by legislation
guard against the possible mischief of such a state
of things?
It is true that my honorable friends from New
York and from "Wisconsin, and that is my opin-
ion as I am at present advised, think that the
efforts of those rebellious citizens to take those
several States out of the Unionare legally imper-
fect; that is to say, in the contemplation of the
Constitution they are still subject to the powers
of the Constitution, and the war is being carried
on for the purpose of making them yield obedience
to the Constitution upon the hypothesis that they
fire responsible to all the obligationsof allegiance.
That is all true; but it is equally true that they
are in a state of rebellion. The Supreme Court
of the United States has decided unanimously that
""since the passage of the act to which my friend
from Vermont has referred, the act of July 13,
1861, all the States named in the preamble to this
resolution are now at war with the United States,
and that the United States have not only the right
but it is their duty to prosecute that war to a
success by bringing tliem back, they being (not
in a constitutional sense but practically) out of
the Union. Now, is it possible that the inhabit-
ants of a State thus at war with the United States
have a right to vote in any Presidential election
for President of the United States?
In the war of 1812 a portion of the State of
Maine was taken possession of by England, and
held from the month of September, or June, or
August, I forget which, until the declaration of
peace mad£ bythe treaty of Ghent, and it was de-
cided by the Supreme Court of the United States,
in consequence of being so held, to be a foreign
country for the time. Would my honorable friend
from New York have said, if the whole State uf
Maine had been taken possession of by the enemy
and held, that Maine, at a presidential election
occurring during the time of that possession, could
elect electors of President and Vice President of
the United States, and that Congress wasdivested
of all authority to exclude them? I am sure lie
would not; and what difference is there between
a posspssion of that description held by force of
arms by a public enemy in an international war,
and a possession held by the rebels who have
raised their arms against the United States, and
taken possession of certain States, and held that
possession l>v force of arms, churning to be inde-
pendent of the authority of the United States?
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to heai the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland speak to tins ques-
tion, which is involved m the last clause ol the
amendment offered by the Senator from Vermont:
suppose the rebellion to bo entirely suppressed,
is it necessary then, in order to restore them to
their rights in the Uuion, that we should enact a
law that it was suppressed ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not said that. That
is stated in the amendmentsuggested by the hon-
orable member from Vermont. I have not ex-
pressed any such opinion, and I am not prepared
to say that I shall hereafter, when I come to ex-
amine the question thoroughly, come to the same
result. My own opinion has been throughout that
the States are not out in one sense; and" if all the
inhabitants of those Status were now to throw
down their arm*, admit their allegiance to thu
United States, and elect their members to theSon-
ate, &c., hereafter, after the rebellion was entirely
terminated, perhaps they would be entitled to
their seats; but I am not prepared to say whether
I shall hold thatopinion upon examination or not.
All that i mean to say now is, that it is incum-
bent upon us to provide by Jawfor a contingency
which has now happened, although it may never
happen again, so far as the particular effects are
concerned; and it is now, above all, the best time
to provide for it, because, although we do not
know officially that it will have the slightest ef-
fect upon the result, we do know that there is
involved in an exigency of that description very
great peril.
We have now, thank God, as I think—X speak
it with due respect to others who differ with me,
and particularly my friend from Kentucky—got
rid of the disturbing element of slavery as far as
we can get nd of it, and that ended, and pro-
tection provided in the future'against the peril
consequent upon this particular clause in the
Constitution looking to the organization of the
Executive, I look forward to a perpetuity of
the Union, and, certainly as long as it exists, the
increase of its prosperity and power.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to add to the
amendment that I have offered these words:
Nor shall any vote cast by any such electors elected by
tlie votes of the inhabitants of any such State, or the Legis-
lature thereof, be received or counted.
According to my view, when a state of war has
been declared to exist, declared according to law,
we cannot recognize a state of peace and recon-
ciliation in any other way but by declaring it by
law, or authorizing the President to declare it by
law.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am unwill-
ing to give a final vote upon this very important
measure without expressing my views upon it. I
ccrtainly regard it as a measure of very great im-
portance, especially as a precedent for the future,
and as indicating the opinion of Congress on the
subject, to use a familiar term, of u reconstruc-
tion," or rather the rights of the States in rebel-
lion. I do not doubt the power of Congress to
legislate upon the subject of the counting of the
votes in the convention which is required by the
twelfth amendment of the Constitution. That
provision declares that after the two Houses of
Congress shall have assembled together, of course
in joint convention—
" Thu President of the Senate shall, in presence of the
Senate and IIouj>e of jlopiesenfauvt;*, open all the certifi-
cates, and tlie vote* shall then be counted."
There is no doubt about the duty of the Pres-
ident of the Senate on this occasion. It is simple
and plain. The act which he is required to per-
form is the opening of the ceiuficatos. That is
an especial duty intrusted to his individual care
and charge, and one with which the two Houses,
thus assembled, have nothing to do. 1 confess L
do not doubt the power of Congress, should they
see fit, to authorize the Pi oh i dent of the Senate to
count the votes after he has opened the certifi-
cates; but in the absence of such a statutory pro-
vision I certainly could not concur in the pre-
sumption "of Chancellor Kent, that the President
of the Senate would have the right to count the
votes and declare the result. It is impossible for
me to concur in this intimation of that very dis-
tinguished authority. I should, on the contrary,
hold, in the absence of an act of Congress, that
the duty of counting tlie votes devolved upon the
two Houses of Congress thus assembled.
Why aie they thus assembled? it is a maxim
that the h-w nover leqnires a nugatory act; jt
never inquires the performance of an act which
is in itself immaterial, useless, or trifling; and
whatever it commands to be done is supposed to
have attached to it lmpoitance and interest. Let
me ask, why are the two Houses of Congress
thus lequired to assemble in the same hall, anting
together, and composing, of course, one body ? Is
it for the mere purpose of acting as spectators of
the process to be performed by the President of
the .Senate of opening the votes? Is thatalP
Mr. H AilRiS. I suggest lo the Senator from
Michigan that if he will read the very next sen-
tence in the Constitution he will find an anawci
to his question. They are to piocecd,in ease
th^ie is tio election, immediately to choose a Pres-
ident.
Air. HOWARD. T shall come to that in a
moment. I am speaking now of the ceremony
of counting the votes. Ate the two Houses thus
assembled to act as the mere spectators arid wit-
nesses of the ceremony of opening the certificates
by the President of the Senate? Is that the sole
and only office which they are required to per-
form on that occasion ?
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator that
it is only the House of Representatives that is.
to elect the President in a certain contingency
named; it is not the convention.
Mr. HOWARD. I know that. I am coming
to that clause. It seems to me, on the other
hand, that the intention of the Convention which
framed the Constitution was that the two Houses
thus assembled should sit together as one joint
body for a much higher purpose than merely
looking upon the ceremony of breaking the seals
of the certificates, and that they are really re~
quired to perform the office of counting the votes.
This was the early construction given to the Con-
stitution by the Second Congress of the United
States, which passed the act of 1792.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator will permit
me to interrupt him, because I desire to hear him
upon one point right here. I agree with him that
the convention should count the votes; but I
want to hear him on this point: if the convention
is to count votes, how can the two Houses, sitting
by themselves, restrict or enlarge that count by
saying they shall count so and so, or only so and
so? The Senator will get my point.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Suppose there be an objec-
tion made in the convention.
Mr. HOWARD. I may best answer that,
question by putting another. Suppose that votes
were found to be embraced in this certificate which
were in reality void for fraud or deception; sup-
pose they were a mere imposition upon the Vice
President, and that the persons casting them were
not really in existence, or that the certificate itself
was a forgery. Is there no way to prevent the
counting of such forged and fraudulent votes?
And if there be any such mode, is not that ques-
tion, ex vi termini, by the terms of the Constitu-
tion referred to this convention thus assembled
together?
Mr. CLARK. I see the Senator has not got
my point. 1 agree with him that there would be
power to prevent the counting of such votes, and
it would be in the convention; but not in the two
Houses of Congress separately.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am speaking of them sit-
ting together in one and the same body.
Mr. CLARK. The point I made was this: if
it belongs to the convention, the two Houses sit-
ting together, to determine this question, how
can it be limited or enlarged by the two Houses
sitting separately ?
Mr. HOWARD. Of course it cannot be lim-
ited or enlarged.
Mr. CLARK. That is the point.
Mr. HOWARD. I consider that the power
of counting the votes and of rejecting votes which
are void for fraud or illegality, is, under the Con-
stitution, in the joint convention thus assembled.
I have not any doubtabout that, because I believe
that the two Houses thus assembled are assem-
bled for a great and protective purpose, that they
are exercising the tutelary authority of the peo-
ple in protecting the nation from the imposition
of false and fraudulent ballots and certificates.
The article proceeds:
'"The person hawng the greatest number of votes for
Pro-idem,shall be the Pie-udent, tf such number ho a ma-
joiit> of the whole mimix r of elector nppomied ; and if
no p"t<on have such majonty, then troni the pei^ons hav-
ing tho highest mimbeis not exceeding thiee on the h-t of
those voted for <n Purulent, the IIdiim: of lvepH^enuuivtis
shall ehoo e immediately, by ImJJot, the Pte^nh'nt."
Did my honorable friend from New York for-
get that the Constitution in this clause only re-
ferred to the matter of the election in the House
of Representatives? He seems to be of opinion
that it was the duty of these two Houses thus
assembled together, in case there was no election
of President, to proceed at once to the election of
a President. That would be a very strange pro-
ceeding indeed; iheSunaie manifestly would have
no business to intermeddle with it. It belongs
exclusively to the House of Representatives sit-
ting, not in convention with the Senate, hut in
their own Hall as a distinct legislative body.
Air. President, I iegret very much that the
Committee on the Judiciary saw fit to strike out
the last clause of the preamble; and with the
indulgence of the Senate i will state briefly
