1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tion, and have here defended their homes and
fields against barbarous Apaches from time im-
memorial. The early Spanish explorers found
them here in 1540, and ruined houses of grand
proportions attest their occupation for thousands
of years before the Spaniards came. To the
north for several hundred miles ruined cities, forti-
fications, and the remains of irrigating canals, in-
: dicate the places formerly occupied by a race now
passed away without having left any history.
The researches of theantiquarian arein vain, and
the degenerate Indian of the present day answers
all questions about past grandeur with the mystic
name of Montezuma. The Pimas know no more
of their origin than if they had come out of the
ground, as their tradition intimates. They have
110 religion, and worship 110 deity, unless a habit
of hailing the rising sun with an oration may
be the remains of some sun-worshiping tribe.
They are exceedingly jealous of their females;
and their chastity, us far as outside barbarians
are concerned, remains, with a few exceptions,
unimpeachable. They have a very good tract of
land, set apart by metes and bounds plainly
marked, have their irrigating canals in good con-
dition, and present every evidence of a thrifty
population, producing more than they consume.
They number some seven thousand five hundred.
They deserve the highest consideration of this
Congress. It would have been impossible for the
Government troops in that Territory to have sub-
sisted there butfor the supplies furnished by these
Indians. Tliey are, in fact, the laboring popula-
tion of that Territory. They pioduce supplies
both for the Army and for the miners. They
Were colonized by the Spanish Jesuitsahundred
and fifty years ago, and they are monuments of
the civilization and prosperity of that country at
that time. They have cultivated the land there
from time immemorial. When the Spaniards en-
tered that countiy three hundred and forty years
ago, they found these Indians in a high state of
civilization. Itisagood country foragricullural
purposes, and during my administration of Indian
affairs in that Territory the last year, I had the
pleasure of contributing something to the im-
provement of those Indians, by giving them cot-
ton seed, hoes, spades, shovels, &e.
The Papagos are a branch of the great Pima
tribe, speaking the same language and having
the same manners and customs, modified by civ-
ilization; the only difference is, that upon being
baptized, they were originally called Vapconia,
111 their language Christians, which has been cor-
rupted into Papagos; they also cut their hair short
and wear a hot, and such clothing as they can
get. The Papagos all live south of the Gila river,
in that arid triangle known as the western part of
the Gadsden purchase. Their lot is cast in an
ungrateful soil; but the softness of the climate
reconciles them to their location, and contentment
is their happiness. The fruit of the Cereus Gi-
ganteus furnishes them with bread and molasses;
they plant 111 the rainy season, raise cattle, hunt,
and labor in the harvest fields. Their principal
settlement is around the old mission church of
San Xavier dellic, nine miles south of Tucson.
This mission was founded by the Jesuits in 1G70,
and is the grandest architectural monument in
northern Mexico. Upon the expulsion of the
Jesuits from Mexico they gave the Indians a
solemn in junction to preserve the church, promis-
ing to return at a future day. It was a strange
coincidence that two Jesuit fathers from the Sania
Clara College, in California, accompanied us to
their lotig-neglecled neophytes. They were re-
ceived by the Indians with great demonstrations
of joy; and, amid the ringing of bells and explo-
sion of fireworks entered inio possession of the
long-neglected mission of San Xavier. These
pious fathers immediately commenced laboring
with the zeal and fidelity of their order, and in a
few days had the mass regularly chanted by the
Papagos maidens, with tfie peculiar softness of
their language. Every facility was rendered the
holy fathers in holding iritercouise with the Indi-
ans, and a great improvement was soon percepti-
ble in their depoitment and habits. They seemed
entering upon a new era of moral and material
prosperity refreshing to witness. The captain,
Jose Victoriana Solorse, is a highly intelligent
1 ndinn, and is exercising a beneficent influence on
the tribe. The family relations of the Papagos
are conducted with morality, and their women are
examples of chastity and industry. These de-
serving people should have additional aid to en-
able them to colonize the straggling members of
the tribe; their principal wants are agricultural
implements, carts,wheel-barrows, axes, and hoes.
With the necessary aids in agricultural imple-
ments they can soon produce a surplus to ex-
change for clothing and the comforts of life, so
that they will be an advantage to the community
instead of a tax on the Government. They num-
ber about five thousand souls living within our
boundaries.
Now I come to the Indians of Colorado. They
never reaped the benefit of the Spanish coloniza-
tion, because the Spaniards never extended their
conquests north of the Gila. They are of the
same family, and are affiliated with the Pimos,
and desire to live in the same manner. But they
have no means of exercising their industry. As
far as that portion of our Indian country is con-
cerned, they never have had an officer of the Gov-
ernment among them until the last year. As
superintendent of Indian affairs, I called the
confedeiated tiibes of the Colorado in council to-
gether. The council was attended by the princi-
pal chiefs and headmen of the Yumas, Mojaves,
Yapapais, Hualapais, and Chemihuevis. These
tribes have an aggregate of ten thousand souls
living near the banks of the Colorado, from Port
Yuma to Fort Mojave. They cultivate the bot-
tom lands of the Colorado river, where an over-
flow affords sufficient moisture; the failure of an
overflow, which sometimes happens, is consid-
ered a great calamity, and breeds a famine. Their
resources from game, fish, and wild fruits have
been very much curtailed by the influx of Amer-
icans, and it would be dangerous for them to
visit their former hunting-grounds. Thefruitof
the mesquite tree, an acacia flourishing in this
latitude, has been the staff of life to the Indians
of the Colorado. A prolific mesquite will yield
ten bushels of beans in the hull; the beans are
pounded in a mortar and made into cakes of bread
for the winter season, and a kind of whisky is
also made of the bean before it becomes dry and
hard. This resource for the Indians has been
very much reduced since the irruption of the
Americans and Mexicans, as the mesquite bean
is more nutritious and less dangerous for ani-
mals in that climate than corn. The beans com-
mand, at the different towns and stands whcie
they are sold, from five to ten cents a pound as
they fall from the tree. The improvidence of the
Indians leads them to sell all the beans in the
autumn,saving none for the winter consumption.
During the past winter they were in such a fam-
ished condition that they killed a great many
horses and cattle on the river, mostly belonging
to American settlers, for which claims are now
made.
But as the representative of the Government of
the United States at that time, I did not under-
take to make a written treaty with these Indians,
because I considered that the Government was
able and willing to treat them fairly and honestly
without entering into the form of a written treaty,
which has been heretofore so severely criticised
in both Houses of Congress, and with some rea-
son. These Indians there assembled were will-
ing, for a small amount of beef and flour, to have
signed any treaty which it had been my pleasure
to write. I simply proposed to them that for all
the one hundred and twenty thousand square
miles, full of mines and rich enough to pay the
public debt of the United States, they should
abandon that Territory and confine themselves
to the elbow in the Colorado river, not more than
seventy-five thousand acres. But I did not enter
into any obligation on account of the United
States to furnish them with seeds and agricul-
tural implements. I simply told them that if I
was elected to represent that Territory in this
Congress, I would endeavor to lay their claims
before the Government, which they understood
to be magnanimous, and that I hoped that this
Congress would have the generosity and the
justice to provide for these Indians, who have
been robbed of their lands and their means of sub-
sistence, and that they may be allowed to live
there where they have always made theirhomes.
They desire to live as do the Pueblo Indians of
New Mexico and Arizona. Those Pueblo In-
dians live in settlements, in towns, in reservations, ,
according to the wise policy of the Spanish Gov-
ernment, which colonized the Indians in reser-
vations and made their labor valuable in build-
ing improvements for their own sustenance, for
churches, and public improvements, and in that
manner made them peaceable Indians, instead of
having everlasting and eternal war with the peo-
ple whom they had robbed of their land.
These people having been citizens of the Mex-
ican Government, are not, according to our theory,
entitled to any right in the soil; and therefore no
treaty with these Indians for the extinction of their
title to the soil would be recognized by this Gov-
ernment. It is a fiction of law which these In-
dians, in their ignorance, are not able to under-
stand. They cannot see why the Indians of the
Northeast have been paid annuities since the
foundation of this Government for the extinction
of then-title, while the Indians who were formerly
subject to the Spanish and Mexican Governments
are driven from their lands without a dollar. It
is impossible for these simple-minded people to
understand this sophistry. They consider them-
selves justasmuch entitled to the land which their
ancestors inhabited before ours landed on Ply-
mouth Rock as the Indians of the Northeast.
Tliey hm/8 never signed any treaty relinquishing
their right to the public domain.
I beg to lay before you a memorial of the ter-
ritorial Legislature on the subject:
To the Senate and I To use of Representatives of the United,
States in Co/igrt's? asspmblcd :
Your memorialists, the Council and House of Represent-
atives or the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Ari-
zona rt^pecifully represent, that Hie four tribes of Indians
Known as the Yapapais, Hualapais, Mojaves, and Yumas,
numbering about ten thousand, are now scattered over
an extent of country fiom the Gila nvei on thessouth to the
northern boundary of the IVi ntoiy, and (tout the Colorado
nver on the west to the-Rio Verd.'on the east; that these
Jndians aie now roaming at large over the vast teiritoiy
above described,gaining a precarious subsistence fioin the
small patches of land along the Coloiado river, winch they
cultivate, and from fishing and hunting; that when the sea-
sons are unfavoiable to their little iarming interest?, or the
Colorado river does nor overflow to irrigate and enrich their
field*, ihey aie reduced to a starving condition, and com-
pelled, by necessity, to make raids upon the stock and prop-
erty ot the whites, and not unfiequently do tliey ambush
the traveler and miner, and waylay and stampede the stock
of trains and plunder their packs and wagons; that the
whites are settling up the country, and necessarily dimin-
ishing their means of subsistence, and increasing the dan-
gers of a collision with them ; that the late supei inteudent
of Indian affairs o{ the Teiritory, Hon. Charles D Po&ton,
in view of their scattered and destitute condition, selected
ai'd L.iused to be laid ofT, on tlie east bank and bottom of
the Colorado itver. a reservation ample enough for the ac-
commodation and support of all the above-named tribes;
that an urinating canal can be conducted at an expense of
a small amount (the Indians perfoiming the labor) that will
render highly pioduciive a huge tract of land that will yield
an abundance for their support, and afford a large surplus
to be disposed of for their education and improvement; that
when placed upon said reservation they can, under judi-
cious management, he made not only se.lf-sust.umng, but to
produce hugely for the market; that, to enable those who
may be placed over them or have ehaige of them to open
said canal, to remove them upon said reservation, and sus-
tain them until they can, by their own labor, provide enough
for their subsistence, your memorialists lespectfully ask
of your honorable body an appropriation of $150,OUU ; that
to secure the attention and favorable consideration of the
subject and matters ot this memorial by the Congress of
the United states,
Be it ? esoh cd hy the Legislative Jls&embly of the Territory
of Arizona. That our Delegate in Congress, Hon. Charles
D. Ponton, be requested to use ail honorable means to bring
the subject beiore Congress,
JJrul be it further resolved, That his Excellency the Gov-
ernor of the Territory of Arizona be requested to f.>uvard
this memorial, together with such other infoimation touch-
ing the subject as he may have in ins possession, to Hon,
Oliarles D. Poston, our Delegate in Congress.
W. ULAUDU JONES,
Speaker of the House of Repres- ufatioes,
COLES BASCirOKD,
President of the Council.
Approved November 7, 1864.
JOHN M. GOODWIN.
In order that the proposition may be clearly
understood 1 will read the report of the engineer
who accompanied me on an examination of the
valley of the Colorado to select a reservation for
these Indians:
La Paz City, Arizona, May 30, 1864.
Sir: At your request I Imve made an eAiuninatmn of
the lands on the eastern hank of the Colorado river from
La Paz to Corner Rock.
I have been surprised at the great quantity of rich bottom
land and ahuvnd soP, tiavorsrd by many ^IouuJh and Ingu-
na-s, which extend from the bank* of the river for several
miles into the valley. Mo-u of them mc di\ now, as the
river did nor ii>e high enough last year to fiifthem.
J directed my special attention to Die lands between
Halfway Bend and the Mesa. With the exception of a
few stretcher of heavy land which f ♦. stimate ar about
one fifth of the entire area, I found the soil excellent, most
of it consisting of a light loam, of winch many thousand
