554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
what my views are upon this subject. I do not
•wish to consume their time unnecessarily, and
will not; but the question is in my judgment one
of the most important imaginable. The preamble
to the resolution as it comes to us from the House
of Representatives is as follows:
Whereas the inhabitants and local authorities of the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Ar-
kansas, and Tennessee rebelled against the Government
of the United States, and have continued in a state of
armed rebellion for more than three years, and were In
said state of armed rebellion on the 8th day of November,
1864: Therefore, &c.
It affords me a little gratification, I confess, that
my learned friend from Maryland has at length
found himself compelled to adopt the sentiment
which I long since expressed upon this floor, that
the United States, in the prosecution of this war
against the rebellion, have the same power and
authority over the conquered States, over the
communities once States in this Union but now
conquered and subjected by our arms as the na-
tion itself would possess over foreign territory
conquered in the same way. The only difference
between the two cases is this: that in the case of
a conquest of a rebel State by the arms of the
United States the Government hold the territory
thus subdued in trust for a specific purpose, and
that purpose is to restore it ultimately and in its
own discretion to its origin apposition in the Union,
to the enjoyment of all the privileges, and to the
performance of all the functions pertaining to or
required of a State of the United States under the
Constitution.
By the act of 1861, and the President's procla-
mation under that act, the eleven States embraced
in this preamble were declared to be in rebellion
against the Government of the United States, to
be in insurrection. Upon the principles of the
laws of nations and the laws of war, principles
which have been repeatedly recognized by our
own Supreme Court, all the people embraced in
these rebellious States, thus declared to be in in-
surrection, are enemies of the Government of the
United States and enemies of the remaining loyal
States and people. They are our enemies in every
sense in which a foreign foe would be our en-
emy. Have such people any political rights un-
der the Government of the United States? Have
public enemies any right to enjoy the privileges
of loyalty under the Government of the United
States? Have they, in other words, the right of
being the enemy and at the same time the friends
of the United States? Can they have their cake
and eat their cake at the same time ? Can South
Carolina rightfully, if her people were so disposed,
proceed to elect electors of President and Vice
President of the United States and forward to this
Government a certificate of the election? Why,
sir, the very fact that they are public enemies
shows the utter impossibility and absurdity of
such a supposition. The same principle covers
not only South Carolina, butevery footand every
inch of every one of these eleven rebellious States
thus declated to be in insurrection; and that state
of hostility will continue against the Government
of the United States until our arms have com-
pletely triumphed, and until, in the language of
my respected friend from Vermont, [Mr. l-
LAMfiR,j peace is restored by an act of Congrv. is
revoking and annulling the proclamation issued
under the act of 1861. These communities have
no right at all to enjoy the benefits of the Govern-
ment of the Umted'States further than we see fit
to extend to them those benefits; and those bene-
fits are confei red upon them and preserved to them,
while the war shall last, by the points of our
bayonets.
I look upon this measure as necessary, as one
form in which the sense of Congress ought to be
expressed against any hasty attempt to readmit
these rebellious States into the Union. Forone,
1 am prepared to say, and I take this occasion to
say it, that I shall neverconsciously give my vote
for the readmission, directly or indirectly, of one
of these rebellious States back into the Union,
either by way of admitting her Senators here or
in any other form, until I am perfectly satisfied,
upon due evidence, that the decided majority of
the voting population of such State has become
loyal to the Government of the United States, is
friendly to that Government, and willing and
anxious to proceed in the discharge of the func-
tions of a State of the Union, honestly und fairly,
as required by the Constitution of the United
States.
The theory of our Government is different from
that of almost every other Government on earth.
It is that the will of the majority shall govern; in
common phrase, the majority of the people, but
practically the majority of the voting population.
That is the basis, and the sole basis, upon which
our republican system is based; and that is a
principle too often recognized by our public wri-
ters and public speakers, too often recognized by
our judicial tribunals, to need any discussion
here. The moment we abandon the fundamental
idea that a majority shall govern, that moment
we place the government of a State in the hands
of a minority, and so far as the principle is con-
cerned, it is immaterial whether this minority
consists of one tetith of the population or the one
thousandth part of the population, or even of one
out of the whole population. We may not dis-
card the principle that republican government, as
understood on this continent, rests upon the will-
ing assent of a majority of the people of the par-
ticular community; a willing obedience to the
laws of the United States, and a disposition for
the future to proceed in the regular discharge of
their duty as citizens of the State. If we aban-
don this great principle, that a majority not only
shall, but must govern, we have thrown the'lead-
ing principle upon which all our governments,
State and Federal, are organized to the winds;
we have given up the great experiment of repub-
lican government.
Mr. President, I repeat (for I do not intend to
consume the time of the Senate) that I look upon
it as the bounden duty of Congress, in every
case, to keep outof the union every one of these
eleven seceded States until, in pursuance of our
laws, passed or to be passed, it has become per-
fectly evident to us that there is in such State a
clear, absolute majority of its voting population
friendly to the Government of the United States,
and willing to proceed in the discharge of their
functions as aState; and, until that is done, you
may be perfectly sure, so long as I hold a seat in
this body, my vote will be given against any such
proposal. I never will consent to admit into this
Union a State, a majority of whose people are
hostile and unfriendly to the Government of my
country. I prefer to hold them in tutelage (for
that is really the word) one year,five years, ten
years, even twenty years, rather than run the risk
of a repetition of this rebellion, which has cost
us so much blood and treasure.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that this res-
olution will pass; and I hope it will pass pre-
cisely as it is sent us by the House of Represent-
atives. I hope that we shall continue the language
in this preamble, the recital that on the 8th day
of November, 1864, each of these eleven States
was inarmed rebellion against the United States,
which was the legal fact of the case. Why flinch
from it? Why shun the declaration? Were they
not our enemies ?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to remind the Sen-
ator that that language has been struck out on the
report of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not struck out yet by
the Senate. I believe it was stricken out in Com-
mittee of the Whole. I shall call the yeas and
nays upon that question in the Senate.
Each of these States, sir, on that particular day
was, as a political community, an enemy of the
United States, and all their men, women, and chil-
dren were enemies of the United States by the
laws of war and the laws of nations.
This is all I have to say on the subject at pres-
ent.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am not in favor of the
adoption of the substitute proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, although it is always with the
greatest diffidence in the world that I venture to
differ from him in any well-considered proposi-
tion that he submits to the Senate. I understand
his substitute to be based upon the idea that under
the act of Congress and the President's declara-
tion, we are now in an actual state of war with
these eleven southern States, and that it will re-
quire an actof Congress to enable them to resume
their position again m the Federal Union. That
presupposes, in the first place, that they are out
of the Union, a fact which I am not willing to
admit and can never assent to; but I do not pro-
pose to insist upon that. The main direction of
the argument is, that inasmuch as the President
has declared these States to be in a condition of
insurrection under an act of Congress passed in
1861, therefore it will require an act of Congress
to enable them to resume their legitimate or ordi-
nary State functions; or, in other words, it will
require an act of Congress to authorize them to
elect electors for President and Vice President,
and, as a necessary consequence, to elect Senators
to this body, or Ilepresentatives to the House of
Representatives.
1 do not mean to weary the Senate by reading
at large the statute of 1861, but I may be permit-
ted perhaps to refer to it for the purpose of show-
ing the object, intent, and scope of that enactment.
It is entitled, not " An act to declare war against
the States of South Carolina, Virginia, and oth-
ers," but " An act further to provide for the col-
lection of duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses. " The fifth section authorizes the President
in certain cases to declare the inhabitants of cer-
tain States to be in a state of insurrection by virtue
of the power conferred upon him by the act of
February 28, 1795. It goes on to declare that it
shall be lawful for the President, whenever he
shall call forth the militia, in pursuance of the act
to which I have referred,
"To suppress combinations against the laws of the Uni-
ted Slate*, and to cause the laws to be duly executed, and
the insurgents shall have failed to disperse !>y the tune di-
rected by the President, and when &aid insurgents claim to
act undei the authority of any Statu or States, and such
claim is not disclaimed or repudiated by the persons exer-
cising tile functions of government in such State orStates,
or in the part or paits thcreot in which said combination
exists, nor such insurrection suppic  ed by said State or
States, then, and in such case, it may and shall be lawful
for the President, by pioeiamation, to declare that the in-
habitants of such State, or any section or part thereof,
where such insurrection exists"—
Not a state of actual war—
" are in a state of insurrection against the United States ;
and thereupon all commercial intercourse by and between
the same and the citizens thereof, and the citizens of the
rest of the United States, shall cease, and he unlawful so
long as such condition of hostility shall continue."
This is the object of the act. When these peo-
ple, in the opinion of the President of the United
States, are in the condition specified in this act,
he shall issue his proclamation dcelaiing that fact;
"and thereupon all commercial intercourse by
and between thesameand the citizens thereof, and
the citizens of the rest of the United States, shall
cease, and be unlawful so long as such condition
of hostility shall continue."
In pursuance of that act of Congress the Presi-
dent issued his proclamation, and I shall infer to
a portion of it. The proclamation bears the date
of August 16, 1861. It recites the act of 1861 to
which I have just referred; it also recites the act
of 1795, under which he derives the authonty,
and then proceeds to declare:
"Now, therefore, [, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, in puisuanee of an act of Congress appioved
July 13,1661, do hereby declaie that tiic inhabitant of the
paid states of Georgia, South Cuiolma, Vnizmu, Noith
Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama,Louisiana, Texas,Arkan-
sas, Mississippi, and Florida, (except the inhabitants of
that part of the State ot Virginia lying west of the Alle-
ghany mountains, and of such othei parts of that State and
the other States hereinbefoie named as may maintain a
loyal adhesion to the Union and the Constitution, or may
be, from time to time, occupied and controlled by lorces
of the United States engaged in the dispersion of said in-
surgents,) are in a state ot msuirection against the United
States, and that all commercial intercourse between the
same and the inhabitants thereof, witn the exceptions
aforesaid, and the citizens of othei States and other paits
of the United States, is unlawful, and will remain uulaw-
ful'until such insurrection shall cease or lias been sup-
pressed."
The object, design, and intent of the act was to
prohibit trade with these insurgents, to pre\ent
persons in the loyal part of the Union from carry-
ing on commercial intercourse with them, and from
furnishing them with provisions and munitions of
war with which they might continue to prosecute
this rebellion; and then there was an exception
from the scope and effect of the act in favor of the
State of West Virginia and such other States or
parts of States as maintained a loyal adhesion
to the Union and the Constitution, or may be
from time to time occupied and controlled by
forces of the United States engaged in the disper-
sion of the insurgents.
Now, if it comes to the knowledge of the joint
convention to be assembled on Wednesday of
next week that in either of these States this in-
surrection has been suppressed, and that the peo-
ple of either one of those States have assumed the
