1322
, THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
have risked their lives a thousand times to carry
the institutions of the American people into Ari-
zona deserves a tribute at the hands of their first
Representative. Nu people haveeverendured the
hardships, dangers, and privations of those brave
and adventurous men who left the homes of their
ancestors a thousand miles behind and penetrated
the wilderness sending its golden sands into the
Gulf of California.
In the year 1824, Sylvester Pattie and his son
James, fiom Bardstown, Kentucky, with a party
ofaboutone hundred hardy and adventurous fron-
tiersmen, set out upon a trapping expedition to the
head waters of the Aikansas river. After many
romantic adventures in New Mexico, the party
dispersed, and a few of the boldestspirits under-
took to rcach the Pacific ocean. They spent one
winter at the celebrated mines of Santa Rita del
Cobre, on the head waters of the Gila river, and
the next spring trapped down that river to its
confluence with the Colorado. Here they em-
barked their canoes on the turbid waters of the
Colorado, and drifted down to the Gulf of Cali-
fornia, whence they crossed the peninsula to the
Pacific ocean. Here they were imprisoned by
the Spanish commandant at San Diego,"and after
a long and cruel confinement the elder Pattie died
in prison.
The oldest living; trapper in Arizona at this
day is old Pauline Weaver, from White county,
Tennessee. His name is carved in the Casa
Grande, near the Pima villages, on the Gila river,
under date of 1832. This old man has been a
peacemaker among the Indians for many years,
and is now spending the evening of his life in cul-
tivating a little patch of land on the public do-
main in the northern part of the Territory of
Anzonei,on a beautiful little stream called the
I-lassiamp.
in the early settlement of our western country
the pioneeis formed the advancing wave of civ-
ilization, and were generously sustained by the
friends and iclations they had ieftbehind; butthe
pioneers of Arizona leaped beyond the reach of
succor and led the forlorn hope of civilization.
Self-reliant and full of manhood, they went forth
to battle alone. And manfully they bore them-
selves in the struggle, until overborne by the mis-
fortunes winch have nearly enveloped the nation
in ruin. iViany of them had seen theglonous ban-
ner of our county earned to the tides of the Pa-
cific ocean, wheio nature said toman, "Tiius far
shah thou go,and no farther." We had to turn
our course southwaid, and sought the unpeopled
lands of noithern JMoxioo.
The Government followed in the tram of the
people, and in a period of great prosperity, when
tin; Tieasury was overflowing with gold, gave
$10,000,000 (or what was called the Gadsden pur-
chase. The people rushed into the new " pur-
chase" and soon the indomitable industry and
energy of the corning race was apparent in the
discovery of mineral wealth and the establishment
of relations with the nearest commercial centers.
The industry of our people soon spread a bene-
ficial influence in all northern Mexico; the In-
dians were softening under the influence of civil-
ization, and I wish the sequel could be omitted
Would that Lethean waters could produce ob-
livion. Jn less than sixty days after the demon
of civil war had commeneed his ravages on this
side the continent, the infant settlements of Ari-
zona were abandoned and the track of receding
civilization was for the first time in the history of
this country turned eastwaid, maiked in its re-
treat by new-made graves. For two years the
Temfory remained a prey to anarchy.
At the end of that time, by the indefatigable
efforts of a few fast friends, a provisional govern-
ment for the Territory was organized, and a staff
of federal officers of more than ordinary ability
and character were sent across the plains to es-
tablish civil government in that remote region.
In the overwhelming events of the great civil war
impending,it was a grand moral spectacle to see
the Republic sending i;s agents to a remote and
distant Territory to plant the banner of freedom
on the ruins of a fot race civilization. We are but
repeating histoiyin fnllowingthe footsteps of the
Aztecs from their northern homes to central Mex-
ico. The civil officers sentout by the President
have discharged this duty, and discharged it well.
At a greater distance from this capital than any
proconsul ever planted the eagles of Rome from
the imperial city they established the stars and
stripes of the Republic. In a beautiful lap of the
mountains where never white man trod before
they located the capital of the Territory and named
it in honor of the Aztec historian, Prescott. On
this very spot there is an Indian mound with the
remains of an ancient fortification of the Monte-
zumas, reminding us forcibly of the mutations of
time and the rise and decline of nations; but no-
where yet in ruins do we find a temple dedicated
to the living God. Let us take warning and lay
deep the foundations of the Christian faith, not
only in the monuments of Christianity, but in the
hearts of the people.
In that peaceful mountain home no sectional
political differences rankle in the heart. It was
my good fortune on the last anniversary of our
Independence to assist in its celebration in that
primitive capital. The people who had borne the
banner of freedom from Bunker Hill to those dis-
tant mountains and the men who had escaped
the horrors of war in the Old Dominion joined
in fraternal celebration of Independence day, and
consecrated themselves to the future prosperity
of the Territory. And there in those everlasting
mountains the genius of the American people will
build a capital which will rear its domes and spires
to the heavens when "Time shall doubt of Rome."
Such is the genius of American civilization. It
may be impeded now by the horrors of civil war,
but the day is not far distant when it will over-
leap the boundary of nations like an avalanche,
and spread itself over northern Mexico. It is
destiny, and it may be a duty to carry our insti-
tutions into that country; and God send the day
when, as a united people, we may h^al the dis-
cords of civil war by joining the armies now en-
gaged in fratricidal strife to drive from this con-
tinent the fungusof European monaichy. I am
willing to join in pasansto universal emancipation
for the sake of national unity. " T?he nationality
of the American people"is the motto upon which
I was sent into this House, and when it ceases I
shall leave it without regret.
It is a source of extreme mortification that I am
unable to present thisamendment with the appro-
bation of the Committee of Waysand Means, but
it has not been possible to bring them to an esti-
mate of the justice and importance of the measure.
If the same economy pervades every branch of
the admimstiation of the Government, the tax-
payers will have no cause of complaint. We
have neither military protection, mail facilities,
nor any of the fostering cares of Government; but
we prefer rather to indulge in pleasant hopes of
the future than unworthy complaint. The Pacific
States and Territories are rich in wealth, filling
up rapidly with an indomitable population and
lt by and by will grow a little stronger " Con-
fident in strength and hopeful of the future, we
aie willing to " bide our time." With five hun-
dred thousand square miles of mineral lands, we
do not despair. With a climate surpassing any
other part of the conunen t, and perhaps of the
woild, we shall "multiply and replenish the
earth."
No Alpine top nor Apennine valley is waked
to industry by a brighter sunlight than bathes
the mountains and valleys of Arizona. It is the
land of the olive and the vine. The pearls of the
Orient were not richer inpurity and value than
i those of the sea of Cortez. The gold of Ophir
! was not so abundant as that which awaits the
! hand of industry in our pregnant mountains.
[ The " planchas de Plata" are the richest silver
! mines known to history. We are the children
! of your loins; giveussympathy. We are breth-
I ren of the same family; give us help. Nurture
j us, strengthen us, raise us up to dignity, and in
! a few short years we shall come to add another
block to this grand mosaic temple of freedom
which we hope will endure to the remotest ages.
The uniform courtesy and kindness with which
the Delegates from the remote Territories are re-
ceived in this capital inspires the most grateful
emotions.
As this is the first occasion on which I have pre-
sumed to occupy the valuable time of the House,
accept my sincere thanks lor your kind attention.
MESSAGE FR03I THE SENATE.
The committee here rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
I received from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one of
its clerks, announcing to the House that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendment of the House
to the joint resolution (S. JNo. 89) directing inquiry
into the condition of the Indian tribes, and their
treatment by the civil and military authoiities,
and have agreed to a committee of conference, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House; and that Messrs. Doolittle, Har-
lan, and Brown had been appointed, on the part
of the Senate.
The message furtherannounced that theSenaje
had disagreed to the report of the committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Housesupon the bill (H. R. No. 683) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and had agreed
to the appointment of another committee ot con-
ference, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House; and that Messrs. Trum-
bull, farwell,and Powell had been appointed
on the part of the Senate.
CONDITION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the message of the Senate, ask-
ing the appointment of a committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the joint resolution (S.No. 89) directing an
inquiry into the condition of the Indian tribes,
and their treatment by the civil and military au-
thorities.
No objection being made, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House the message of the Senate,
askingforanothercommittee of conference on the
disagieeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill
(H. R. No. 683) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending 30ih
June, 1866.
No objection being made, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that'the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No.G49)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Governmentfor
the year ending June 30,1866,and additional ap-
propriations for the current fiscal year; when the
Speaker signed the same.
MISCELLANEOUS APPItOPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry to be obliged to
object to the proposition of the gentleman ftom
Anzona,[Mr. Postok,] who represents a very
worthy Territory. An application for an appio-
priation of this kind was made to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who, on examining the
matter, thought such an appropriation a little pie-
matnre. There have been as yet no treaties with
the Indians under which appropriations should be
made. We found there were some four or five
thousand very excellent white men in the Terri-
tory, and that the remainder were Indians; and
we made such appropriations, which have already
passed here, as were neccssaryfor the proper or-
ganization of the Territory. We did noi think
it would be proper to organize this great Indian
system at this time. We thought that it would
be better for us to wait until the whole matter can
be fully considered and reported on by the com-
mission which we have already appointed for that
purpose. The Committee of Ways and Means
were reluctant, on account of the eloquent gentle-
man who represents the Territory,to reject these
large appropriations, holding them to be wholly
disproportionate.
1 move lo strike out the gentleman's amend-
ment, and insert the following:
For inciea-c of the salary of the territorial judges of Ari-
zona §1,000 <mcIi, $3,000.
Mr..WILSON. I ask whether this amend-
ment is in order; for it is certainly notgermane to
the amendment of the gentleman from Anzona.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
amendment of the gentleman from Aiizona and
to insert my amendment instead of it.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlie Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WiLSOjN". I desire to eay one word in
