£56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
awaiting the action of Congress, and while that
state of things lasted, of course they held no elec-
tion. So far as this resolution is concerned, it
does not affect that State one way or the other;
there are no votes to count from that State.
Mr. COWAN. I have but a word or two to
say on this question. I suppose as a general
proposition all States have a right to be repre-
sented in this election of our President; but it ap-
pears that there is a difficulty in regard to some of
the States named here. I am not sure that I know
exactly the condition of this preamble. I under-
stand that Arkansas is stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. COWAN. Do they all remain a3 they
are here ?
Mr. TRUftJBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. And the question is on the
motion of the Senator from New Jersey to strike
out the word "Louisiana?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. The preamble states the fact
of the rebellion prevailing in these States, and the
resolution declares that because of this fact stated
in the preamble these States ought not to vote.
That is the proposition from the committee. The
amendment of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, on the other hand, proposes to take the
question in blank, and to declare that all the States
which were proclaimed to be in a state of insur-
rection by the President ought not to vote until
that insurrection has been declared by law to be
suppressed. I am opposed to that amendment
for divers reasons, and I think if we come to ex-
amine this question fairly we shall see that any
action of ours intended to prevent Louisiana, for
instance, and Arkansas from voting will be per-
haps a breach of faith on the part of this Govern-
ment, and a violation of that courtesy which is
due from one department of it to another.
Sir, what are the facts ? It is said that by the
act of July 13, 1861, theseStates are cut outfrom
the Union and debarred from all their privileges
as States, political as well as others. 1 do not so
read the act of July 13, 1861; nor do 1 conceive
that that was its purpose, because in endeavoring
to get at a fair construction of a law, it is always
necessary to ascertain what was the purpose of
the lawgiver. I apprehend, so far from its be-
ing the purpose of that law to put those States
out of the Union, it was its intention to keep them
in; that is it was intended to be a means to keep
them in, although for the purpose of better achiev-
ing that end ail commercial intercourse was out
off with them, but not political intercourse. They
were not deprived of any of their rights as States,
or from exercising any of the functions of States,
provided they were able to do so in due time.
In pursuance of that act of Congress, the
Pri'sideni, by his proclamation of August 16,
1801, declared Louisiana in a state of insurrec-
tion. By llie pioclamation of January 1,18(13,
he exempted thirteen parishes of the State from
the operation of the emancipation pioclamation.
Why? Because he says in that proclamation
that the rebellion does not exist in those thirteen
paushes; that that condition of things upon which
he. was allowed before that time to issue his proc-
lamation did notexist in those parishes, and there-
fore he exempted them. We recognized the va-
lidity of that proclamation I believe; at least we
have always treated it with that respect which is
due to the act of another department ofthis Gov-
ernment when it is notgrossly m violation of law
or of the Constitution. By the proclamation,
however, of the 8th of December, 1«G3, the Pies-
ident invited the people of Louisiana and of all the
other Stales to resume their State rights and State
functions, provided one tenth of them would
agree to make the proper organization.
Now, as I understand the question here, it is
simply this: in pursuance of that invitation ex-
tendetl by the President, and upon the footing of
his proclamation declaring that those rights should
be restoied to them,and that they would be pro-
tected in the exercise of them, the people of Lou-
isiana, in numbers sufficient to bung them within
his terms, have organized a State government,
and have it now actually in operation in the State
of Louisiana. The question simply is, whether
we will carry out that arrangement of the Presi-
dent in good faith, or whether we will violate it;
arid that is the question which presents itself dis-
tinctly upon the propositions now before this body.
February 2,
The President has invited a number of the people
of these States which have been oppressed with
the rebellion to go to work to reorganize their
State governments, and has promised that he
will extend, and this Government will extend, to
them the protection guarantied by the Constitu-
tion; and he goes so far as to state that phrase of
the Constitution in htzc verba. Will we stand
by it? That is the question. Will we carry it
out in good faith? If we are willing to do so,
then there is no difficulty; and this one tenth of
the people, or whatever the number may be, will
become for this occasion the State of Louisiana,
and the State of Arkansas, or any other State that
sees fit to accept those conditions.
1 may here remark, Mr. President, that no
member of the Senate has yet undertaken to de-
termine what number of people in a State shall be
in rebellion in order to deprive the residue of the
population of their rights. It is perfectly clear, I
take it, the State being a corporation, that if the
officers of the corporation refuse to do their duty,
refuse to carry out the lawsof the franchise, that
that does not destroy the corporation. The cor-
poration still remains, and a court would appoint
trustees for the purpose of sustaining it, and for
the purpose of carrying out the original intent
with which it was created. If a portion of the
people of a State, say ten thousand, were to drive
away the State officers, or even if the State offi-
cers were to leave themselves, and for the time
being suspend the functions of the State govern-
ment, it is perfectly clear that that would not affect
the rights of anybody else who had not been en-
gaged in the original enterprise, however much
they might have obeyed those who obtained the
control of that government, and which exercised
itsauthorityoverthem. Then iften thousand can-
not do it, can twenty thousand, can thirty thou-
sand, or can any number of people in a State, being
rebellious and disloyal, deprive the loyal of the
privileges granted to them under the Constitution?
Those are questions which have not been set-
tled. Those are questions upon which I have not
heard an opinion. Can the majority of the peo-
ple of a State destroy that State? They may de-
range and disorder its functions as such, but the
moment they are suppressed and put down, and
the usurpation removed, I would like to know
whether the rights do not all remit themselves to
the loyal people and those who have not been en-
gaged in the enterprise?
1 am not prepared to say that these rights have
all come back to these people in Louisiana. I am
not prepared by any means to determine that
question, simply because the President has better
means of ascertaining and determining it; and I
think the question remains with him. It was his
business as the agent, the Executive in fact of the
United States Government, to put down this re-
bellion, to relieve the people from its oppression,
and to restore them precisely to where they were
when the rebellion found them. If that is done,
in ten days after his proclamation,eoinstan$, the
people resume their rights and functions; and in
this case I undeistand tliey are not only in pos-
session of the right, but aie aclunlly in the enjoy-
ment of it, having a regularly-organized govern-
ment with all the machinery necessary and proper
to a government. Whether it is a government of
so many people as will be enabled to maintain its
'supremacy over the whole State is a question, but
it is a question which the Executive is to decide,
because he is to sustain it there and make it able
to be supreme within the limits of that State; and
if I understand it that is just exactly why we are
now giving him men and money, armies and
navies. It is in order that he may bring about
that desired result.
Mr. Piesident, this involves a direct conflict
between the legislative and executive bodies of
this Government, and at this time I am of opinion
that we cannot afford to enter into that conflict.
We cannot afford to quarrel now, because the
game would not pay for the candle. There is no
practical value in the question that is raised here
at any rate, because it will not alter the result of
the presidential election a hair's breadth whether
the electoral votes of Louisiana and Arkansas
are counted or are not counted; and it is admitted
to be a very grave question,and one upon which
our people will he likely to divide. Then why
should we raise it when it is not necessary ? By
not raising it we are left free to decide it when it
shall be a material question before us really. By
raising it now upon an issue in which it is not
wholly involved or wholly eliminated, we may
be precluded hereafter from deciding it as we
would desire to decide in sueh a case.
Therefore I think, for my own part, that it
would have been better not to moot the question
now, seeing that it can have no practical result,
that the only possible consequence which can
follow it is to divide and distract the various de-
partments of this Government. I am unwilling
to do that. I am willing at the present time to
submit to anything that is not materially fatal.
I am unwilling to raise any question which does
not cross our path distinctly and in front of us
while this war is pending, because-—I have my
own notions about that—it is war, and I would
devote the whole energies of the nation to the
successful conduct of that war, such a conduct of
it as will enable us when it is brought to a suc-
cessful conclusion to meet and adjust these ques-
tions in freedom, and without having impending
over us the prospect that all the questions may
be futile even if they are decided.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 believe the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania is about through, and with
his permission 1 will occupy the floor for a few
minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire 
Mr. COWAN. Oh, I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will be allowed to make a speech. I
shall be exceedingly sorry to see him prevented
from enjoying that rare privilege. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wish to make a
single correction, if I may be allowed to do so. I
want to Eay to the Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, that the
modification which has been made is not such as I
understood him to say it was.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not yield the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania having yielded the floor to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, the latter is entitled to it and
will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me that agood many
questions have been brought into this debate that
are foreign to the point in issue. The presiden-
tial election has taken place; it remains now to
count the vote. The question is how the vote is
to be counted, and by whom the vote is to be
counted. Preliminary to the count of the vote
the Presiding Officer of the Senate has by the Con-
stitution one office to perform, and what is it?
Simply to open the votes. He is to perform no
other function or act than to open the votes.
When the votes are opened they are still to be
counted, and who is to count them? The two
IIo uses in convention are to count them. I have
no doubt of that fact. And the question now
under consideration is, have the two Houses of
Congress m their legislative capacity the power
to lay down certain rules by which this office of
counting the vote may be performed? I think
that they have. The clause in the Constitution^
read first by the Senator fiorn New Hampshire
and subsequently by other Senators, seems to me
to confer full and plenary power in relation to the
manner of counting the votes upon Congress; and
Congress may declare by its legislative action
certain rules to regulate the' count of the presi-
dential vote. This may be declared by an act
of Congress or by a joint resolution passed pre-
viously for the purpose of convenience and to
pievent disorder in the matter of counting the
vote. The vote is to be counted in the presence
of the two Houses, and would it not be compe-
tent for Congress to pass a law directing that as
the certificates are opened by the Presiding Offi-
cer of the Senate they should be counted in the
presence of the two Houses by the Secretory of
the Senate and the Cleik of the House of Repre-
sentatives jointly ?
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him how the question can possibly be raised,
until after we get into joint convention, whether
the vote of a State shall he counted or not?
Mr. DAVIS. Just as any other question could
be.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the Senator whether to-
day Congress could pass a law that the vote of
Pennsylvania should not be counted for any rea-
son whatever?
Mr. DAVIS. It could if it pleased-
