1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
132 ti
they who illegally confined him shall beg him to
come forth !
Mr. Chairman, the alarming fact is, this—mil-
itary commissions do not even profess to be gov-
erned by the laws of the United States enacted by
Congress. They have created a department of
jurisprudence unknown to the laws of the United
States, nowhere embodied in statutes or decisions,
called the " customs of war.*' They try loyal
men in loyal States, where no war rages, for a
violation of what they call " the usages of war."
Here are the pandects of the future empire of the
United States; the rulings of the Judge Advo-
cate General on " the usages and customs of
war" applied to peaceful citizens in loyal States
where the courts are open, where the law alone
ought to be the rule of every judgment andcvery
conviction.
This invention of the law of "the usages of
war"and " military offenses,"applied to citizens
and friends instead of enemies, annuls every act
of Congress.
In vain does the act of the 3d of March, 1863,
punish the aiding a soldier to desert by one not
in the military service on legal conviction in the
courts of the United States; in vain does the act
of the 3d of March, 3863, punish fraudulent
claims, false oaths, forged signatures, forging
papeis, embezzling United States property, false
receipts for arms, purchasing arms from soldiers,
"when committed by a person in the military forces
of the United States, on conviction bycourt-mar-
tial, and at the discretion of the court-martial,
but in the third section declare that any per-
son not in the military forces of the United States
guilty of those acts, shall forfeit certain fines and
be subject to certain imprisonment on conviction
in the courts of the United States; for the mili-
tary commissions presume to punish every one
of these acts committed by citizens in defiance of
the law secuiing them a constitutional trial. By
the act of the 2d March, 1831, forging pay cer-
tificates is punishable by the courts of the United
States in the District of Columbia; yet a military
commission punishes it within sight of the open
court-house and of the President's mansion!
The act of March 3, 1863, expressly directs a
Eeison guilty of resisting the draft to be arrested
y the provost marshal and to be forthwith de-
livered to the civil authorities, and, on conviction
by them, subjects him to fine and imprisonment;
but the military commissions have annulled that
law,and, instead of delivering the person to the
civil authorities for trial, themselves hold and
try, convict and punish him; and this when the
courts of the United States are wide open in the
District where Congress sits in peace and enacts
the laws which are thus defied!
If these things be not arrested, there is no law
but the sword, no judge but the majority of a
military commission holding their commission
at the will of the President.
Now, sir, I have a woid for the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Yeaman,] who moved to
include persons engaged in violating the rules and
customs of war. Does that mean citizens of the
United States in loyal States, where the courts of
the United States are open, where their act is trea-
son, for which the statute of the United States
says they shall be tried, on indictment, before the
courts of the United States, and who, the Con-
stitution says, shall be tried no otherwise than
by a jury of the State and district in wluch the
crime was committed, and convicted only on the
testimony of two witnesses? K*
if it is notorious that they are guerrillas, why in
the name of conscience and common sense can-
not that be marie toappearto a jury of their loyal
fellow-citizens, to be summoned by a marshal ap-
pointed by the President himself; prosecuted by
a district attorney that he appoints; adjudged by
judges who hold their office during life; many of
ihem now even appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and
all liable to impeachment by us and conviction by
the Senate if not fit to administer justice? If it be
a matter of doubt, then the prisoners are entitled
to that doubt; and if it is so plain that there isno
doubt, then any tribunal will convict. That is my
answer to that proposed amendment.
Mr. YEAMAN. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly, for a
question.
Mr. YEAMAN. I only desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to state that there is now a law of the Con-
gress of the United States prescribing the mode
and manner of trying these vagabonds, cut-throats,
and robbers, who have to-day become the greatest
scourge to the States of Missouri, Tennessee, and
Ken tucky.
In reply to the suggestion, if it is so notorious
that they are guerrillas why cannot it be proved
and established in a court of justice, I will say
now that in three fourths of Kentucky we have
no courts of justice, because from the acts of
these men we cannot hold them. In eight coun-
ties of my own district they have burned our
court-houses, and the officers of the law cannot
go there, juries cannot be summoned, and wit-
nesses cannot testify. 1 will add, if the gentleman
will peimit me 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Icannotyield for
an argument.
Mr. YEAMAN. I do not propose to make an
argument.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is impossible
for me to yield further. I must go on.
in the first place, if three fourths of the State
of Kentucky are subject to incursions of guerril-
las, the other fourth is not, and that will furnish
jurors enough. If there is room to hold a mili-
tary court there is room to hold a civil court. If
men are not afiaid to go to testify before a mili-
tary court they will not be afraid to go before a
civil court, if bayonets are needed to protect them
before a military court, bayonets can protect them
before a civil court. Sir, this hankering after mili-
tary couits is not because they cannot be tried
and convicted before the courts of the United
States if guilty; but men mad with civil war want
a sharper and easier way to deal with criminals
as enemies. It is the cry for vengeance and not
justice! That is what it is and nothing else.
I live in a State that has never disgraced itself
by rebellion,but it has been disturbed by internal
dissensions; and I know the rancorous hostility
which has grown up between men even of the
same family. And 1 do not wish military tribu-
nals to apply their harsh, sharp vengeance between
men who live on adjacent estates, at the instiga-
tion of personal revenge, of malice, without local
public trial, unpiotected by the rights secured to
them by the Constitution and laws of the United
States, when a whispered he may stain innocence
with the penitentiary by the vote of two out of three
of a military commission. If they have com-
mitted acts which render them dangerous but are
not criminal or cannot be proved, we have author-
ized the suspension of the habeas corpus and the
President can hold them; not try, not convict, not
disgrace, not degrade, not kill, but hold them under
the precautionary discretion conferred by law and
rendered secure by the military power. If they
have committed crimes known to the law which
can be proved, and which it is desirable to punish,
the President can prove it before the courts of the
United States in Maryland, and they can be con-
victed in the courts of the United States in Mary-
land.
Now a word touching the amendment of my
honorable friend fiom Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] with
whom I alwaysdiffer with thegreatest hesitation.
Yet I think that his logic will bring him to this
conclusion, that if the Constitution of the United
States says that no one shall be tried for an in-
famous crime otherwise than by a jury of the
State and distiict, except cases arising in the mil-
itary or naval forces of the United States, any
enactment which authorizes any one to be tried
in any other way in the States where United States
courts are open is itself void. The tribunal which
tries a case not arising in the military forces in
any other way is a trespasser, and the party who
was convicted has aprivate remedy for the injury
he has sustained if the court had no jurisdiction.
No one can violate the right of the citizen to im-
munity from military trial safely, whether we de-
clare it or not, and every one has his remedy to-
day in the courts of the United States, in spite
of any enactment, for every oppression.
Why then place a provision in the law declar-
ing these proceedings to be void? In order that
a loud voice should go out from this Hall to the
American people, ringing over the land to an-
nounce by authority that their Representatives
recognize and declare the nullity of the proceed-
ings of these military tribunals, and to en-
courage the people to seek redress in the courts
of the country, not by crawling solicitations at
the hands of the President of the United States,
but of right, by law, before these courts, which .
are the glory and the safety of the American Re-
public.
My honorable friend also wishes me to strike
out that part of my amendment which provides .
that those not liable to trial by military courts
now held under their sentences should be dis-
charged or delivered to the civil tribunals for
tnal. Sir, if it will satisfy any^ gentleman here,
or remove any doubt or hesitation, I will most
cheerfully agree that the word " discharge^shali
be stricken out; so that the provision will stand
that these men shall be delivered over to the civil -
tribunals to be proceeded against according to law
—the American's birthright.
But it is objected by my honorable friend from
Ohio [Mr. Schekck] that these men,having first
disputed the jurisdiction of the military court,
will, when brought before a civil court, plead
their former conviction in bar. 1 know the emi-
nent legal ability of my friend,and if he will run
over in htg^mind the form of plpa that must be
made in such a case he would find that it would
be this: on a given day, at a given place, before
A B C D E F and G, a military commission con-
vened by order of the President of the United
States, I, a ciiizen not in the military service of
the United States, was convicted for a violation
of " the usages of war,,Jor some crime known to
the law, but punishable by statute only in the
courts of the United States, and sentence and pun-
ishment. My learned friend would be the first
to put in a demurrer to such a plea. On the rec-
ord it would appear that the military commission
had no jurisdiction of the party or the offense;
that the party had not been convicted at all; that
he had never been in jeopardy of life or limb;
for the Constitution forbids such a tribunal to try
such a person. The jurisdiction of every court,
especially one of limited and exccp#*nal juris-
diction, may be impeached collaterally, or must
appear on its record; and the appearance ofgen-
eralsand colonels and captains sitting,at the will
of the President, in place of venerable judges,
whose tenure is good behavior, and the absence
of a jury, show that it is not a court at all, but
an unlawful combination of trespassers usurping
the functions of a court, guilty of a ciime arid not
exercising an authority. Any court of the United
States will, on habeas corpus, discharge a citizen
confined under sentence of such a tribunal.
Let those now in illegal confinement seek that
remedy; and if it be denied them, let an impeach-
ment by the Representatives of the people vindi-
cate the rights of the people.
Mr. Chairman, the public safety never has re-
quired these illegal and summary trials; it now
requires that they cease. The past men are ready :
to forget, the American people most of all; they
instigated or tolerated the usurpations of those in
authority; but they now have felt the sharpness
of military justice and demand of their rulers a
return to the Constitution and laws. If heretofore
they have violated the law and Constitution—I do
not say criminally, I do not say with intent to
oppress, 1 do not say even knowing it to be crim-
inal—it was the common error; and they may
plead the error of the people winch misled the
leaders of the people at the beginning of the re-
bellion. More firmness, more knowledge, more
coolness in high places, might perhaps have ar-
rested the popular current and silenced the pop-
ular tumult and kept the torrent within the bounds
of law. It svas not found in places of authority;
all bowed before the storm and floated with the
current. It is in the power of the Representatives
of the American people alone to stop it before
every vestige of American liberty isburiedbeneatli
the waters.
Sir, I am not willing to change one word of
my amendment. It was not framed out of my
own head,ofmy old-fashioned whimsand fancies,
now out of fashion in this era of gold lace and
military vertigo. I had frequent consultations
with some of the ablest members upon this side
of the House, those most conspicuous for the
ardor of their supportof the Administration; and
they think with me that obstinate adherence to
these abuses must destroy either the Administra-
tion or the Republic. If it would satisfy any one
to strike out the word t( discharge,1'I have no
objection, because an American citizen is safe
