562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Powell,
Sherman, Sprain-, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilson and Wright—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Carlile. Chandler, Foot,
Grime*, Hardin*!. ll^ndrick^, Hicks, McDouaall, Poitu'roy,
JRain*ey, itu'hard>on, Riddle, and Salisbury—14.
So the motion wns not agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 16; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 2, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LAW. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular rnd^r of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the gentleman
from Illinois will yield to me that 1 may have a
bill referred.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 322) for the
construction of the Illinois ship-canal. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] moved last
evening an amendment, which the Cleik was
about to report when the House adjourned.
Mr. STEVENS, I desire to ask unanimous
consent thaf a bill may be postponed.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done unless
the gentleman from Illinois withdraws the call
for the regular order.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, i rise to a ques-
tion of order. When the Illinois ship-canal bill
was before the House at the last session, it was
postponed to a day certain, which was the same
day to which the Niagara ship-canftf bill was
postponed, so that one was immediately to follow
the other. When the Niagara ship-canal bill
came up it was further postponed. I listened
most attentively and heard no order mode with
regard to this bill. I thetefore insist that it is not
now entitled to take precedence of other business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, last evening, and the gentleman from Wis-
consin, this morning, have raised a question of
fact with the Chair in reference to the business,
and the Chair will have the Journal of last Mon-
day read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" On motion or Mr. Stevens,
" Ordered, That ihe consultation of the bills of this
House No. 126 and 322, heretofore made a special order
foi tins day and from day to day until disposed of, be post-
poned until Wednesday next, the 1st day of February,
immediately after the Journal is read."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now aslc the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
so that the question may be settled, whether he
did or not move to postpone the special order.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did move to postpone both
special orders.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. 1 did not know
that the attention of the House had been called to
the matter before. I was not present at the time.
I listened to the motion but I did not understand
that tins was included.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Indiana desires me to withdraw my
call for the regular order of business, and thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania also wan's it with-
drawn. I withdraw it for both gentlemen.
Mr. HOLMAN. I also want to present a
matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw it for the gentleman.
SURVIVING REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.
Mr, LAW. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Com-
mute^ on Revolutionary Pensions a bill in favor
of the surviving: revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not understand that
the gentleman from Illinois yielded for any such
purpose. * ^
Mr. LAW. Wlren I state the object of the
proposition I am sure that the House will adopt
it unanimously, as it is reported unanimously
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. Speaker, it will be recollected that at the
last session of Congress we adopted a measure
giving to the survivors of the revolutionary army
a donation each of $100 in addition to what they
had before. Since then, out of those twelve gal-
lant and patriotic men, seven have gone to then-
long homes. We have then only five survivors
of the army of Washington duiing the revolu-
tionary war. In consequence of the payments be-
ing made on the 1st of January and 1st of July,
five out of the seven who have died have only re-
ceived fifty dollars. They have gone to their
graves before they had received $100.
1 ask that the bill I now report be put on its
passage, and I will say, in reference to it, that its
effect will be notonlygreatuponthe Army where
each individual mentioned in this bill has grand-
children arid great-grandchildren, not only in the
Army of the United States, but throughout the
country.
I have in my hand a book from which I will
read a short passage, to show you the patriotism
of these men. Every man here ought to have a
copy of the book, which is called ii The Last Men
of the Revolution." It ought to be in the hands
of every member of Congress and every friend of
the Union. I will read a few lines in reference
to one of these survivors:
" His mind is still vigorous, though his body is feehle.
His memory is good, retaining dates especially, so that he
is the refeiee in the family m matter of Uu-tnty. fie is
deeply interested in the present conflict, luswhole soul be-
ing enlisted in the cause of his country. Speaking of Gen-
eral Giant and In* projects of success in his campaign
against Richmond, he concluded by sayinsr? ' Well, \ know
two old iolks up hete m Maine who are praying for him.'
He lias lost tuur or five giandcluidren m the war."
Now, sir, this bill proposes to give the surviv-
ing soldieis of the Revolution—these five, and
some of them may not now be living—the small
giatuity of $300 a year during their natural lives.
It is to make their pathway in life, which must
now be short, as pleasant as possible; and it ia
not more than a just tribute on the part of the Con-
gress of the United States. We give them this
small gratuity for the intelligence and braveryem-
ployed by them in bringing about our independ-
ence.
I send the hill to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The bill, which was read, dnects that there
shall be paid to each of the surviving soldiers of
the Revolution, five in number, whose names are
on the pension rolls, $300 ns a giatuity, in addi-
tion to the pension now paid them.
No objection being made, the bill was reported ,
read a first and second time by its title, and or-
dered to be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
suggest an amendment, which I think will meet
the approbation of the House.
Mr. LAW. What is it?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I suggest
that the payment of $300 be in gold. It will be
more grateful to the old soldiers, reminding them
of former times.
Mr. LAW. I think we had better pas? the
bill as it is. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill, being engrossed, was
read the thiid time, and passed unanimously.
Mr. LAW moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution in relation to certain lail-
roads; which was read a first and second lime,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that the resolution may
be pi inted.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope it will be printed. I
make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution havingbeen
rend and referred, that motion is in order.
The motion was agreed to.
CABINET MINISTERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill introdiuMd by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] in refeience to Cabinet minis-
ters having seats on the floor of the two Houses,
and which was made a special order for to-mor-
row, may be postponed for one week.
Mr. PENDLETON. If that will subserve the
convenience of the Committee of Ways and
Means 1 will not object to that arrangement. I
am not disposed to thrust that matter in the way
of the important business of that committee.
No objection being made, the consideration of
the bill was postponed for one week from to-mor-
10W' . GUNBOAT TOR LIBERIA.
On motion of Mr. COX, anil by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 356, authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to transfer a gunboat
to the Government of the republic of Liberia, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
PAY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the bill of the House (H. R. No.
583) to amend the twenty-fiist section of the act
entitled " An act to define the pay and emolument
of certain officers of the Armv, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 17,1862, together with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
APPRAISEMENT OF IMPORTED MERCHANDISE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to amend the acts
relating to officers employed in the examination
and appraisement of imported merchandise in the
district of New York; which was read a first and
second time, leferred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and, with the accompanying papers, or-
dered to be punted.
NATIONAL ACADEMY PAPERS.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution authorizing the Na-
tional Academy to publish certain papers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
REPORT ON WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
referred, under the rules, to the Committee on
Printing::
Resolved, That five hundred copics of the communication
from the Secretaiy ol the Juteiior, mcloMiiga s-upplemoiimi
lepou lioni the chief engineer of the Wa-)un ton aque-
duct, be punted, toother with said repoit, tor the uaeof
the aqueduct depattment.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, introduced a bill
to provide for the subdivision of the gold and sil-
ver lands of the United States, and otheis con-
taining valuable minerals, for the coining of the
products of such lands, and for other purposes;
which was read a fiist and second tune, oidered
to be printed, and lucommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
CLAIMS OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. YEAMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a biil concerning the claims of loyal citizens
of loyal States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affaiis.
ARREARAGES OF PAY AND BOUNTY.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill amendatory of the acts providing for
the payment of arrearages of pay and bounty due
heirs of deceased soldiers; which was read a first
and second time, and leferred to the Committee
on the Militia.
LAND CLAIMS WISCONSIN.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to quiet the titles to cer-
tain public lands granted to the State of W iscon-
sin to aid in the construction of certain railroads;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CAROLINE L. WRIGIIT.
Mr. TRACY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Caroline L. Wright;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
frbedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
