1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
when delivered into the custody of the civil au-
thorities to be proceeded against according to law;
but beyond that I do not feel disposed to modify
my amendment in any particular. Least of all
can I accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Ivasson,] which enumerates the of-
fenses for which citizens shall not be tried by
military courts, but yields the whole principle by
admitting that persons not in the military forces,
in States where the United States courts are open,
may be tried for \yolating the "usages and cus-
toms of war;" it recognizes the category of military
offenses committed by a citizen, an exception
•which would place your liberty and life and mine
at the beck and call, at the will and pleasure, of
any military commission of officers too worthless
for field servicc, ordered to try us, and "organ-
ized to convict."
That amendment involves a total misappre-
hension of the whole question. It is not what
offenses a military court may try but what per-
sons they may try for any offense. The Consti-
tution forbids them to try any citizen for any
offense.
I will not detain the House by narrating the in-
dividual cases of oppression that are fresh in my
memory. There is no gentleman that does not
know of such cases in his own neighborhood,
and has not felt this atmosphere of oppression
around him.
If there be, they are happier than we are in
Maryland, or they are in Massachusetts. This
measure is demanded by the feelingof the country,
and in my judgment, if the House will now say
that the liberty of the American citizen is of equal
moment with the miscellaneous appropriation bill,
and will pronounce by such a vote as that by
which it referred the resolution of the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Ganson,] with only three
dissenting voices, to the Military Committee, that
law is still supreme, every man in the United
States will lyftathe freer and bear himself more
loftily, and look with assured joy to the day when
armed rebellion shall be destroyed, to be followed
not by armed despotism, but by the peaceful reign
of liberty and law, by submission but not by ser-
vitude. [Applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the special
order, being the bill (H. II. No. 786) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1866, and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to propose that this
evening's session be devoted to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table, in order that
we may clear off the business thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree to that just
yet.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will say so much of
the evening session as may be necessary after the
pending appropriation bill is disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that yesterday I asked the privilege of
the House to devote two hours of the session of
yesterday to the consideration of election cases,
but it was not the pleasure of the Housd to grant
it. i did not desire to ask the House to hear me
upon the subject; but there are gentlemen here
claiming the right to seats in the House who
have been here all winter, and one of them de-
sires to be hoard. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that
it is but fair to these claimants that they may be
allowed a short time to present the claims of those
in whose behalf they are here. I shall not in-
dulge iii debate myself if the privilege isgranted.
1 ask, not on behalf of myself or of the committee)
but in behalf of those gentlemen, the indulgence
that they may be heard, through their chosen or-
gan, for a short period of time this evening-
Mr. WILSON. 1 object. 5
Mr. DAWEb, I submit to the House that it
is but a matter of justice and fairness to them.
I know it is impossible to present the case on the
one side or the other at this late stage of the ses-
sion.
Mr. WILSON. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to move that so much of this evening
(after the pending appropriation bill is disposed
of) as may be necessary therefor shall be devoted
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 51.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post-
master General, transmitting a report of his De-
partment m relation to contracts,&c.; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Comptroller
of the Treasury, transmitting a statement of the
unpaid balances as furnished from the books of
the Second and Thu d Auditors of the Treasury;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. NELSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the folio wing lesolution; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing under the rule:
Resolved, That foity-five thousand copies additional of
the emeu* of agriculture be punted and hound for tnc use
of the members of the House, and five thousand for the use
of the Census Office.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all general de-
bate upon the bill pending in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be closed in ten
minutes afterthe committee shall again resume its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special order.
The resolution was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in the chair,)
and resumed the consideiation of the bill (H. It.
No. 786) making appropriations for swndry civil
expenses o*f the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1866, and for other purposes, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Schenck to the amendment of Mr. Davis, of
Maryland.
Mr.tfAIlNS WORTH. Mr. Chairman, I rise
rU>€ purpose of opposing these amendments.
fMesperate emergencies vigorous measures are
required. I am here for the purpose of sustain-
ing with my voice and vote those measures adopted
and put m force by the War Department in the
punishment of culprits in any manner connected
with the Army. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] has dilated largely on those things
that have occurred in his own State. He has re-
ferred to the act of General McClellan. It is not
necessary that I should say here that that act of
his rendered hisname more popular, brought him
into more favor, and attracted to him moie of the
affection of the people of the country than any
other act of his life, is it not well known that
when he ordered the arrest of the Maryland Le-
gislature that Legislature was convened for the
very purpose of hurrying the State into secession
and involving it in civil war? The gentleman re-
fers to the arrests made in the city of Baltimore,
and in Maryland. Has not the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Yeamajt] told us that m many
counties in his own district the civil law could
not be enforced; that they have neither judges
nor jurors who will enforce it, nor court-houses
in which to hold their courts; that they have
been burned by secessionists? So it was in the
city of Baltimore up to within two years since.
I believe that two years ago a rebel could not be
convicted in any court in that city. Those vigor-
ous measures of the President and of the War
Department are what saved Maryland from civil ,
war and the country from destruction. I
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will allow me to say that there would be more
fear that a disloyal man could not have a fair trial
in Maryland, before a civil court, so intense is the
desire to punish anything looking like tienson.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That may be now,
and is a very healthy feeling, but two years ago
it was not so.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There was never
a moment, sir, in which it was not so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There was a moment,
sir, when anything looking to the suppression of
the rebellion was very unpopular in Baltimore.
There was a time when both the civil and military
arms of the Government were powerless to pre-
serve peace and order in the gentleman's own
city. There was a time when Massachusetts
soldiers marching peacefully through that city to
the rescue and defense of the capital were ruth-
lessly set upon by the mob of secessionists and
murdered in the streets of Baltimore, and there
was no power there to suppress the riot. There
was a time when the authorities of Maryland,
through their Governor, made application to the
Presidentof the United States that no more troops
should pass over the soil of Maryland, because
the civil and military power of that State could not
preserve order. Without the suspension of the
habeas corpusf and without the vigorous meas-
ures put in force by the Government, where would
that State be to-day ? Ptobnbly in the Union, but
she would have been the seat of war, and her fair
fields would have been desolated as are now the
fair fields of Vnginia.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man allow rne to coirect him?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to say
that there never was a day when the people of
Maryland were not masters of her fortunes, and
masters of the capital of the United States, and
that Jtfr. Lincoln was inaugurated here only because
they were loyal.
: Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that is the case, it
seems to me there is a monstrous lie going the
rounds of the country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think there is.
The people of Maryland have been libeled from
.,one end of the country to the other.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is well known that
when the President came here to he inaugurated,
four years ago, he was obliged to flee through the
city of Baltimore like a stranger, in disguise, to
avoid assassination.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
says the Ptesident had to flee through Baltimore.
I say it may be that he did so; but a man of heroic
moid would have marched through it safely.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I regret exceedingly,
Mr. Chairman, that my friend from Maryland,
who has been, in the main,right, should now, in
the last days of the session, surround himselfby
those who have been heretofore his enemies, and
who nowbeslobber him with their praise. When
a man on tins side of the House puts himself in
such a position as that the un worthy member
from Maryland [Mr. Harris] congratulates him
and smiles his praise on him for the speech he
makes, and when the gentleman fiom Indiana
[Mr. Voorhees] marches over here and takes
him by the hand, and congratulates him for his
assault on the Administration, he ought to raise
his hands toward heaven, and say, u My God !
what have I donothat my enemies and the ene-
mies of my counrf-y should praise me?"
Why, sir, how long is it since, in the cityof
Chicago, only the day before the last general
election,astupendous conspiracy was discovered?
Among the plotters were persons of that city.
They had conspired with the rebel prisoners m
Camp Douglas, and wuh emissaries fiom the
South, to release all the prisoners in Camp Doug-
las, put arms in their hands, nnd then sack and
destroy thecityof Chicago. Those men are now
being tried before a military commission, and
such facts have been proved against them; so
thoroughly have they been fastened upon them
that one or two of them have put an end to their
own existence in despair, and in anticipation of
their deserved doom.
Gentlemen are mistaken, it seems to me, as to
the manner of conducting these courts-martial.
Every particle of evidence taken before them is
preserved in writing. The defendants have sub-
