1865.
THE CONGRESSIO^ALyGLQ£E
the Senate amendments to the bill of the House
(No. 51) to cieate a Bureau of Freedmen's Af-
fairs, made a report; which was read.
The report was as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two iiou&es on the bill (II. It. No. 51) entitled ,lAn
actio ebt.iblMi a Diiii'JU ot Fieednien's Allans," having
mei, alter fuli and tiee conference have agieed to lecom-
mend to their respective IIou>es as follows :
That tiie Senate iccede tiom their amendment to the
said bill, and the connumoe agree to the lollowing as a
substitute:
An Act to establish a Department of Freedmen and Aban-
doned Lands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of tke United States of Jimericain Congress assembled, That
there is heieby established at the se.it of Government of
the United States, a Department ot Freedmen and Aban-
doned Lauds, whose object shall be the good of tin: tieed-
menand the adniints-tintton of lands mid other piopeitv
tolling to the national Government in the rebel State- nut
liemotoie appiopnated to other u<es. And this depait-
ment shall be under the eateof a OoimiiinMoner, who ^ l > a I i
he appointed by the Pte^ulent, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, with an annual salary of #4,000.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That the (Joiumis-
sioncr of Fioedmon and Abandoned Lands thall appoint a
chief clerk, with an annual salaiy ot ^,UU0,who shall act
a!>o as di.-bur&mg officer, and who m all eases dunug the
Iiecessaiy absence ot the Conmn^Moner, or when the puu-
cipal olbee shall become vacant, -h.ill perform the duties
ot Commissioner ; and also such immbei ol eleiks, not ex-
ceeding two ot each ela^, as bhall he noee^aiy. And the
Commi-Moiier and all persons appomte.d under this act
shall, before enteung upon their duties, take the oath of
otiice ptescribed m the act entitled u An act to pte&cube
an oath of othce, and lor other puiposes-," approved July
ii, liSG*-2. And tin; Cotnmivaionei and the duel cleik shall,
befoie enteung upon their duties, give bonds to the Treas-
urer of the United States, the ioimer in the  um of §10l),()UO
and the lattei in the sum of $10,0110, conditioned ha the
taitliful disehargeof then dutie> respectively. with t uieiies
to be approved as sufficient bv tlie Attorne\ Genet at, winch
bonds t-hali he liled in tin: office of Hie Fust UonijUiollei
of the Treason , to be b\ lum put in Miit tor tbe benefit of
any mjiued paity upon any bn aeh ol the conditions theieol.
Si.c. ,i. ~ind he it fiutha enacted, Th.it tin; Coin mission ei
shall, under the diteetiou ol the ihesident, Lii.ite dis-
triets ol licedmen and abuuloned lands within ilu: rebel
States, not to e.xeeed two in earli State, s<> i;u as the same
may he brought umha the military power ot the United
State.-; and each di-tuct shall be nnd'U the supei vt- ion of
an <tssi-tant Cotnnii-Mouer, with an annual -ahuv ol $2,500,
und< r bond as requned foi the chioi cleik. to be appointed
b\ tin1 l'i CMdent of the United Mate-, with tin' advice and
consent ol the Senate, and with authouty to appoun loe.il
superintendents and cleiks, so tara> the same may be need-
ed. not, however, more than lour m each disttiot, each ol
whom bhall have an annual compensation not exceeding
$1,500.
Si.c. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Coniniis-
sioiiei shall have the general supeiluiondcitce of all Heed-
men thioughout the -cvi tal ilMiict^ and he sliall watch
over the execution of all i.uvs, ptociamations, and iniu-
taiy ouieis ot emancipation, oi m any way concerning
lieedmeii ; and he shall cst.ibh-h l ("illation.-, fnvm tune to
time, and e.iu-e the same to lie enfoiced i'oi then needlul
and judicious tteatment, pioteetmg them in tlie enjoyment
of then rights pionsoting then weiiate. and securing to
them and tlicit postonty the blof-ni^ oi hbetty. And eveiy
sucti fieedmau ^hall be tieated in all ie-pecl- as atieemau,
Willi all proper r< medic-. in oomh ol justice,and no power
oi f'outiol shall be exeicited with legaid to ium except in
confoimity with law.
Skc. 5. Jlnd be it jmtkerenacted^ That the assistant com-
niissioneis, under tlie dnection ot the Commissioner and
within their re.-pi otive <11 -ti ieN, shall take possession of all
abandoned ioal ei-tate helongingto chsloval |ieison<, and all
real estate to which the United States have title, or ot winch
the United Sta'es liuse po-ses^ton, and not ahe.idj appio-
pi i.ited to Govej nmeiit u -is, and ail piopei ty tound on and
belonging to such estate, and shall ient or |ea-e such ieal
c.-taleoi anV potiions tiieieof to Hcedmen, ot permit the
bame to he cultivated, u-eil, or occupied by them on such
te. ms and uudt r sucii i emulations as the assistant commis-
sions and such lieednien maj agi ee ; and if the lands with
the piopetty afoiesaui shall not be requned ioi the fieed-
nieiu then the\ ient ot lea-e the -ame to othel prisons
Oil such teiins and nndei such legulations as shall be mu-
tually agreed upon, and no liecdiu.in shall he emulojed on
any estate above mentioned olheiwi-e than aeconling to
voiuntaiy contract ledneed to writing and ceitih"d b\ the
a— ist.uitconimi—ion'1! oi local-upeiintendent: Provided.
That no lease, peimis-ion to occupy, or contiaet, shall be
lot a longer pei md than one 5 eat. and all pupei . i e(tuiu'd
01 authonzed by tin? act shall temaiu vah.i .md eth ctual
nlthougli no tcveiiue stamp 1- attached theteto. j'ut '10th-
lt>li heiein cimiained shall be r otistiued to pies erit the duo
eX'-eutiou "t process ntMin-t the icai e-late ot piopeitv
abov named i--ued in due coui-e ot law horn any eouit
of competent juiisdn-uon 5 buf thf possessjui, dftaeh ieal
estate or pioperty by any puichasu thetecu' at a judicial
sale shall be postponed until the teinnnation of any out-
ht«u diii2 contract duly made and executed under the pio-
vwons <)l th is act.
. 0, dud he it fiiifhrr enacted, Tnat the as-istant eom-
im-sioaeis and local supeiinteudents shall, as advi-oiy
gu.udians. aid the tiewunen m the adjustment of their
w ages, 01 111 the application of then labot; th.u they shall
take caie that the ti eecimeii do not suffer tiom ill-treatment
01 am tailuie ol eonttact on the part oi otnei- ; that they
bh,ill do wh.it tney can a- atbur itois to ice-one.Ic and settle
att\ dilleienees in which fieedmen may by involvi d with
eadiothti 01 witi) othet persons; and, in ea^e such dif-
feiences are cattied beiore any t.ibunal, civil or unhtaiy,
they shall appeal a= i.ext I'm nd « of tlie freedmen, s>o iai as
to see that the case is fanly stated and heauh And in all
such proceedings there shall be no disability or exclusion
on account of color.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That leases heictofore
made by the supervising special agents ot thi'Treasuiy !)e-
paument, under the auihoiitv of the Geix'iai Older, thieo
hundred and Unity-one, of the Sectotarv ol War, dated Oc-
tober 9, 1 SSbii, and in accordance wnh the iegulations ol the
Treasury Depattment, shall have the same effect as if made
by assistant commissioner under this act; but such lease
shall not continue besond the period of one yeai fn>m us
date; and immediately upon the oigamzatiou of nny dts-
tuct of fieedmcn and .ihaniioned lands such agents shall
cea^e to execute their functions within such district, and
shall deliver over to tiie assistant commissioner theteof all
pioperty and papers held by them as agents. But. all ex-
penses necessarily meuirod bv such agents in any district
ptior to its oigamzation under tins act, sliall he defrayed
by the Secretaty of tlie Ti canity out of any moneys m his
hands ansing fioni the lease-, made by such agents.
Sre, 8 Jlnd be it J wither enarfpd. That the Commis-
sioner siiaii apply the pi oceeds aeci mng undei this act to
deliay the ex[iunses of ilu- depaitnieut, so that the same
maj In <. ome at an cat ly day seli-oiippoi mig ; and any pio-
cectis over and above such expenses bhall be paid into the
Treasury ot tlie United Slates.
Sec. 9. %dnd be it J wither unacted, That whenever the
Commissioner canno't otherwise employ any ot the fieed-
men who may come mulct his caie, he shall so fat as piac-
licable make provision toi them with humane and Mutable
per-ons, at a just computation foi tin ir seiviccs.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted. That the 1'iesidcntof
tlie United States ehatged with tuitiisliiug the nnlitarv
and other stippoi t needful to eai ry this act into efleel, and
any unhtaiy officer may be appointed under this act with-
out increase ofsalaiy.
Sue. 11. vlnd he it farther enacted, That the Comniis
sioner s-h.ill, beloic the commencement of each legulai
ses-ton of Uongicss, make lull repoitot his proceedimts,
with exhibils of the state, of his accounts, to the Tre-alent,
who shall communicate the same to Congtess, and shall
also make special lepoitrf whenever required to do so by
the ihesidentoi either House of ('ongiess. And the assist-
ant commissioners bhall make quai telly icpoitr, of then pto-
eeedings 10 the Commissiouet, ami also such other special
repoits as fioui tune to tune maybe lequned. Andilshall
()e tiie duty ot ail oilicct^, civil and nuhtaiy, cii.uged with
the execution ot any law, pioel.imation, or miliuu.v oidei
ol emaiu ipatmn, 01 in anv way coneei nin«r trecdmi-n not
musteied into oi regularly engagi-d 111 tiie liuhtaiy service,
to make leiuin to the Uoiuuiissionei ol .ill then piwcecd-
ings 111 execution ihereof, uutiei mkIi icguhuions as shall
tiom time to time be pie.ci ibed
See. 1:2. vhidhert fui titer et,acted, That all assistant com-
nnssioiK'is, local supcuntendents, and clerks, as well as
suj)eivi-uig spccial agent--, ~-!i.Ui he mi tat deemed to he in
the unhtaiy seivcc ot the United States as to be liable to
tual by comts-maitial ot nuhtaiy commissions, to be 01-
dered by the conimamiiug general 01 the military dep;ut-
ment within winch they act as buch assistant onnnuK-
biotieis, focal supei in tendcuts,e(erks,or supcrvismgs[iceial
agents. And foi all ofletises aniouiiting to a felony; lot any
act ot cmbi ///dement or willhil mi-.uj>propi lation oi public
or piivatc pioperty ; for any willful acLol oppression of any
tieednian, or ol any los al inhabitant; lor any act ol taking
or iccciviii!!, ditecwv or indtrcctlj, an> money 01 thing ot
value on ac-oiiiitol any act done 01 omitted by thejn in
their ollicial eapacity.or lor beni  in any ma unci lntei t-ted
in any puichase tit' cotton, tobacco, sugai, or any other ar-
ticle piodut ed upon unj l.uut- h um d 01 sv<)ike<l umlei ih«s
piovisions ot tins act, tu lot anyutnei wiliiti! violation ot'
their ollicial dunes, upon conviction theieof, shall be sub-
je<-t to puui-lin-eut by fine not L\eeeding SlO.uhO. ot nn-
[>i 1-oiiuient at li ud laboi toi a peimd not cvceeduig live
yeai-, or b\ both such line and nnpi i-onmeut.
Slc. 13. v'Jnd he it Jin thei 1 nacted, 'j'iiat the ia-4 c!au-e
of a joint ic-olution explanatoi y of uAn ac t to '•uppiess m-
suneetion, to punish tieason and reix'lhon, to seize and
confiscate the piopeity of rebels, and [01 other puipose-y5
appioved July 17. i^o--i, f>e, and tii«' same i- heieiiy, 1 cpeaieif.
Sec 11. he it juithci cmntvd, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the pi0vision- of this act are
heieby lcpealed.
THOMAS 1). ELIOT,
U'iLLfAM J). iu:LLcr,
Manas^et s on the pait 0/ the llou^c.
<J1I \i> liES SlJMiVEIl,
J. M. IIOWAUIK
Manage/i on the-pent of the Senate,
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, 1 will endeavor to
state, so that it may be understood by I he House
what are the diilejences between the bill leporunl
by the committee of conference and the bill which
was passed by (he House at the last session.
Mr. WILSON", i desne tuask the gentleman
fiotn Massachusetts [Mr. 1-Iliot] svhether he pro-
poses to ask for the adopt'oi. (if this report this
morning. I think it is ; . t.Mpoitunt and too
voluminous for the Hoe - ' i<  upon without
seeing it. Ithirikweoi • - 1 .< o<<\e u printed be-
fore we are called upon ■■/ c 1 it. I there-
fore ask the gentleman t> >'>■ -1 to liave it post-
poned to some curtain <U'V, :n .idtr tlwtt we may
act upon it undeistandtn^ly.
Mr. ELIOT, i will icjdy to r.iy fiiend fiom
Iowa [Mi. Wilson-} by stating ti.at after I shall
liave conciudcd tlie statement ] tlesne to make, tf '
it shall be the judgment of the House that th, te j
shall be a postponement before iinal action, I do ;
not know that I shall nuke any objection. Hut j
I. now propose to state distinctly how the ques- j
tion stands, in order that gentlemen may judge j
how to act. 1
It will be remembered that the bill which was
passed by the House at the Inst session attached
the Bureau of Freedmeti's Affairs to the War De-
partment; that tlie bill which was eubsequcnrly
passed by the Senate as an amendment to the
House bill attached that bureau to the Treasury
Department. The first question which the man-
agers upon the part of the two Houses had to dis-
cuss atid to determine was the Department to
which the bureau should be attached properly. I
believed,and the House,in maintaining the com-
mittee that reported the bill concurred"m that be-
lief, that it was better, under the circumstances
in which we were placed, that the bureau should
be connected with the War Department; because
we were in a condition of war, because it seemed
that the inspiration of that Department would be
required to make the bill effective; and because,
with the knowledge that we had of the interest
taken in that subject by the distinguished head of
that Department*, we might feel assured that no
opportunity would be omitted to enforcenroperly
the provisions of the bill for the benefit 01 the per-
sons for whom we were legislating.
But there was this great difficulty which had
to be encountered and removed. During the last
two or three years there has been no little legis-
lation upon the subject of abandoned lands and
confiscated property and abandoned personal es-
tate. And from theearliestlegislationon thesub-
ject down to the present time the care, the charge,
the custody, and the disposition of that property
has been by various laws placed in the Treasury
Dcpaitment. And it was said that, in order to
make the proposed legislation useful, it would be
necessary to repeal in part or wholly previous
legislation; and that it would occasion greater in-
convenience than any benefit which we expected
from its connection with the War Department
would balance. Besides, it was urged that if the
bureau be connected with the War Department it
would be needlul to make a division of the lands,
leaving so much as would not be wanted for freed-
men's use in the care of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and giving to the care of the War Depart-
ment .so much as would be wanted for the purposes
of Lhis bureau. And it was contended that if that
were done there would be collision continually
arising concerning the lands between the offi-
cers or agents of the two Departments which
would very greatly embarrass the operations of
the law.
It did not appear to the managers on the part
of the House that these objections wete .suffi-
cient to balance those which existed against pla-
cing this bureau in the Treasury Department.
Hut on this point no agreement could be arrived
mi, and it became necessary to detetmme whether
a satisfactory bill could be prepared not connect-
ing tlie bureau with either executive Department.
Tiie great importance of some efficient legislation
was lecognized, and no other course could be
adopted. It was more jmpoitant that some im-
mediate effective plan of action should be agieed
upon than that any particular mode should be
adopted, and it was believed that a department
niii^ht be established, communicating directly
witli the Piesident, not an executive Department,
of course, but one similar to the Department of
Agriculture as it was at first created. There are
some sttong reasons why such a department,
self-acting, not dependent immediately upon the
War or the Treasury, would be more useful than
it could be if otherwise constituted. Such a de-
partment would more probably enable the Gov-
ernment to secure the services of some Commis-
sioner of great ability, and of expeiience and
character The amount of compensation fixed
by the bill lias not been increased, but the very
fact that the Commissions would communicate
directly with the President, and with Congress,
would give to the depaitment a more desirable
character than any bureau could have. The ju-
risdiction of the department would be large, and
its duties impoitant and varied, and we believed
that the work m edful to bo done would justify
us in placing 11 upon an independent foundation.
Indeed, it had bet-n, I ought to say, the subject
of examination before the committee on the part
of the House, as 1 learned it had also been in
the Senate committee, before the bill had been
acted upon originally by the House, it being be-
lieved then that there were strong reasons why it
should be rather a department connected with the
