THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 18G5.
New Series No. !
penas issued for their witnesses, whose attend-
ance is compelled, and all the testimony, pro and
eon., is taken by the judge advocate and the coun-
sel of the defendants, for they are allowed to have
counsel, and the testimony is preserved,and with
the specifications and findings is filed in the War
Department, where it undergoes the careful super-
vision and review of Judge Holt, one of the
ablest, most honest men in the country. The
findings are thoroughly reviewed, and approved or
disapproved, and the sentence carried out or not
according to that decision. These records go
into the archives of the Government and can at
any time be called for by this House and pub-
lished to the world.
Now, this amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] would let loose upon the
country some of the very worst characters we
ever had among'us. Itis not long since a resolu-
tion wasintroduced into thisHouse, and adopted,
instructing the Military Committee to examine
into the military prisons in this city. The Mili-
tary Committee made that investigation; they
examined the prisoners and took testimony. And
upon my soul—and I think every member of the
Military Committee will agree with me in this—
I do think that of all the rapscallions, of all the
miserable, devilish tribe I ever saxv in my life,
they are those in the military prisons in this city.
I have not heard of one of them, no matter how
arbitrarily he may have been arrested, but he was
properly arrested, for he was guilty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
I have been alluded to by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnswortii.] I presume he alluded
to me when he addressed himself to the " un-
worthy member from Maryland."
Mr. PARNS WORTH. 1 alluded to the vote
given by the gentleman's colleague, that he was
an unworthy member.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I did not so
understand the gentleman. 1 understood him to
state that 1 had congratulated my colleague [Mr.
Davis,] or that my colleague was " congratulated
by the unworthy member from Maryland." That
is what he said. Now, sir, I have no doubt atall
that he alluded to me. But the gentleman should
have been careful to confine himself to the fact.
I had not intended to take any part in this debate
in any shape or form. I approve of the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Da-
vis,] and 1 did not think it would meet with any
disapprobation anywhere. But I did not go to
congratulate him; so that the gentleman did not
state the fact on that point, i only assented to
the proposition, as I do most heartily.
I look upon this chaige of being an unworthy
member as actually having been worn outby this
time. It is something singular that many who
voted that I was unworthy have made themselves
quite agreeable to me, and have made their ad-
vances toward me, have always saluted me as one
whom they did not consider unworthy. Now,
if they had considered me unworthy they could
have slighted me as they pleased; 1 did not seelc
any kind of intercourse with them, though per-
fectly willing to have it. Therefore 1 consider
that this charge of being an unworthy member is
in his estimation, and in the estimation probably
of those upon the other side, except a few, to be
taken only in a Pickwickian sense. [Laughter.]
That I hope has put you all in a good humor,
for I do not intend to make any issue upon this
point.
This matter I see is used for political purposes,
to inflame the public mind, it may be, or forsome-
thing of that kind. But it shall not excite me, I
assure you. I have every reason not to be dis-
pleased at it; for when I went before the people,
instead of the fifteen hundred mnjouty from my
people by which I was sent hoie before, 1 am sent
here again with a majority, 1 believe, of about
six thousand. And if it had not been for the re-
strictions and interference at the polls, I could
just as easily have got ten thousand. Now, it is
astonishing to me that this proposition of mycoi-
84
league [Mr. Oayis] should have met with the
least opposition. He lias said nothing but what
every man in this country, who knows anything,
knows to be correct. He has advocated nothing
but the plainest, simplest, home-bred rights of
American citizens. I mustconfess that he spoke
in that eloquent strain in which he always de-
livers himseif, and more forcibly than many who
think just as he does can deliver it, even in good
English.
Now, sir, I would like to know how the gen-
tleman formed the idea that the Maryland Legis-
lature desired or intended to pass an act of seces-
sion for the purpose of taking that State out of
the Union. I deny it. I say that the records of
the Legislature of Maryland contradict it. Their
record will show that they proclaimed that they
had no right to carry the State out of the Union;
that, if it were done at all, it must be done by a
convention.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his amendment, that 1 may
renew it. I desire to say a few words, and in
the present position of the question debate is
exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I withdraw my amendment,
with the understanding that the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the amendment.
1 cannot understand how the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] could become so wrought
up on this question when I take into considera-
tion his action upon a question which I regarded,
and the majority of this House regarded, as of
quite as much importance, and which was acted
upon about a week ago. I refer to the bill which
was reported by myself, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to prevent military interference at
elections. That bill was intended to preserve the
purity of elections throughout the United States.
It was intended to protect the American citizen in
the exercise, untrammeled, (except so far as the
law may trammel him,) of the most sacred right
of citizenship—a right upon the legitimate and
conscientious exercisc of which depend all other
rights, those which aie involved in the civil courts
of thecountry as well as all others. Withoutthe
just protection of that great right of suffrage you
can have no civil courts to protect the citizen—
you can have no department of the Government
so administered as to guaranty that protection to
which the citizen is entitled and must enjoy in
order to exercise properly and effectively his rights
as a citizen of the Republic. Yet, sir, on the pas-
sage of that bill the gentleman from Maryland
voted in the negative, thus in effect turning over
to the control of the military officers of the land
this sacred right upon which all courts and ev-
erything else depend. Now, I cannotunderstand
why there should be so much feeling on this ques-
tion when it was entirely absenton that occasion.
By the provisions of that bill, military officers
were prohibited from issing orders defining quali-
fications of voters other than those prescribed by
the laws of the land. Yet the gentleman's vote
was cast in the negative on that bill.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman takes his
seat I desire him to explain his vote upon the
struggle of the Committee of Elections during the
last session to protect the ballot-box.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the gentleman won-
ders that I did not follow him in his ruinous and
most absurd raid upon the purity of the ballot-
box of the country.
Now, sir, in relation to the question that is in-
volved here, as to the repeal, in effect, as this
amendment proposes, of all law authorizing these
trials by court-martial, I tlunk that the ttueprin-
ciple to be laid down—and it is one which is be-
ing followed in the Chicago cases to which refer-
ence has been made—is that, if you may try by
court-maitial a spy who is prowling within your
lines, you may try in the same way the man
within your own lines who is aiding that spy to
accomplish his purpose. If you may try the spy
whose duty it was to ascertain in relation to the
burning of Chicago you may also try the citizens
of that city who are aiding that spy to collect in-
formation with a view to destroy the city and.
release the rebel prisoners.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCIC Mr. Chairman, without mak-
ing reply to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] in relation to striking oqt,as I propose, the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mary-
land, for which amendment to the amendment I
hope to have his vote, I wish to submit a remark
or two on that bill to which he has resorted for*
illustration of the principles involved in this con-
troversy. He holds it to be inconsistent that any
one should have voted against that bill and yet be
in favor of the present amendment. Sir, I voted
against that bill with the small minority to which
he refers. Why did I vote against it? Because
it is one of the most extraordinary bills, in its
abandonment of every principle in regard to in-
terference with the rights of the States at their
polls, which has ever been passed orattempted to
be passed. If you look at that bill what do you
find? It contains a provision that officers and
soldiers of the United States may visit the polla
for the purpose of keeping peace there; that, is,
that the officers and soldiers of the United States
may become the police officers of the State, buc
they shall not interfere for the puipose of pre-
venting traitors or rebels from voting there.
I have had some experience on this subject, and
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman to the
absurdity in which it seemed to me (and there-
fore I voted against the bill) he was involved
in attempting to preserve the purity of elections.
The gentleman will remember the famous General
Order No. 53, of October 27, 1863, from which {
propose to read only a few lines by way of illus-
trating what 1 mean and of the difference between
the gentleman's views and my own. In that
famous general order the general commanding the
Middle department, who happened to be myself,
looking to the election then approaching, made
this recital:
" Tt is known that therejire many evil-disposed persona
now at large in the State of Maryland, who have been en-
gaged in rebellion against the lawful Government, or Imva
given aid anil comfort or encouragement to others so en-
gaged, or who do not recognize their allegiance to the Uni-
ted States, and who may avail themselves of the Indulgence
of the authority which toh'Mtes their presence to embar-
rass tiie approaching election, or, through it, to foist ene-
mies of the United Btateb into power, it is therefore or-
dered :
" I. That all provost maishals and other military officers
do arrest all such persons tound at, or hanging about, or ap-
proaching any poll or place of election on the 4th of No-
vember, lbC3, and report s ueh arrest to these headquarters."
I did not go so far as General McClellan; but 1
went that far.
Now, how was that order modified byahighcr
authority in accordance with the provisions of
this bill?
"That all provost marshals and other milUaty officers do
prevent ail disturbance and violence at or about the polls,
whether offered by such persons as above described, or by
any other person or persons whomsoever."
That is the principle of thejaw of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. The modification of that
order provided that the officers and soldiers might
interfere with the elections, so as to become tho
police at that election; and if Jeff. Davis offered
to vote they should not prevent him. 1 have no
faith in anything of that kind; and while I would
interfere to prevent rebels from tnkmg control of
the election, 1 would not interfere in time of peace,
as now proposed, in order to take charge of the
polls, and have the officers and soldieis of the
United States in lieu of the proper police of the
State.
I think if that bill had not been forced through
under the previous question I could have shown
that there was this mconsistency.'in it: in order
to preserve the purity of the polls it was a bili to
constitute the officers and soldiers of the United
States to take charge of the polls, while it per-
mitted rebels to vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred on Mr. ScHEHCK^ameKd**
: menu
