1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 2,
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 71.
So tiie amendment was njjected.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the miscellaneous appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate on the
special order pending in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be terminated in
one minute after the committee shall again resume
its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended , and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
tire stateof the Union (Mr. Pike in the chair) on
the special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 786)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1866, and for other purposes, the pend-
ingquestion beingon theamendmentofMr.DAVis,
of Maryland.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orth, and
Davis of Maryland, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
committee, in pursuance of the previous order of
the House, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock,p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. YEAMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing, immediately after the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and
adopted by the committee before the recess, the
following proviso:
Provided, That in cases of minder, ar«on, larceny, rob-
bery, malicious arrest, false imprisonment, assault and bat-
ter}, maiming, shooting, or stabbing with intent to kill,
done by the enemies of the United States,ortho^e in armed
hostility to tiie laws thereof, the cncuit and district couits
of the United States, and commissioners of the United
States, shall have as full and complete jurii-diction a  the
several courts of the States where any of said ciimes may
he done, with power to inflict the same punishments:
•And provided fuither, That nothing in this act fhall be con-
strued to prevent or le&triet courts-martial of their jurisdic-
tion ol offenses against the laws and UMiges of war. com-
mitted hv persons in armed rebellion to the laws of the
United Status
I ask permission to give my views on this
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not competent for
the committee to give such permission, as it is
acting undei an order of the House.
Mr. YEAMAN. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following:
Seo.—. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That no officer In the
miiit.ny or naval seivice of the United States shall be dis-
mi-.M'd unless upon the finding of a court-martial convened
uecotdiug to law.
Skc.—. Jlndt>e it further enacted, That any officer who
shall be reported by his commanding officer absent with-
out leave lor twenty dajs, in time ol war or active hostili-
ties, m.iv be dropped fiom the military or naval service by
the President, lor that cause assigned, by proclamation;
but on the application of the officer  o reported and diopped,
stating a sufficient defense, under oath, against such cliaige
during the whole absence to the day ot application, the
President shall convene a court-martial and try imn on that
charire ; and if it acquit him, he shall, on appioval of the
sentence, Mand reinstated.; an<,i if the sentence be disap-
proved for u jej^al cause, another eoUit s^it be ordered lor
liiajii.il by the oider disapproving the foririeffinaihi.
v.ec. —Jjnd Lc it. furtket enacted) That the J^iesidcnl
rnoy stipend any officer In the military or naval seivice,
without pa\ oi emoluments, in time of war or active ho&-
tiht;e-, who ;hall be reported by his commanding officer or
the Mcretaiy of War tor any flagrant offense, for whi'eh,
under the Aitieies of Win, dismission or death is a leal
pumfhiuent, .uul in the opinion of the President o'ii?{jr tobe
so pu'tisiied ; but the order of suspension  h«Ul specify
eJiargegj and a coijrt-wauial for the trial of the officer thereon
shall be convened in accordance with the provisions of sec-
tion eleven of an act approved July 17,1862, entitled "An act
to define the pay and emoluments of ceit.un officers of th<j
Army, and for other purposes;" and if the court shall not
assign dismission or death as the punishment, the pay and
emoluments of such officer shall be Motored m bo lar as
they were affected by the otder ot suspension.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That section seven-
teen of an act entitled '"An act to define the pay and emol
umcnts of certain officers ol the Army, and lor other pur-
poses," approved July 17,1862, be, aud the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
point of order upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, as he thinks the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question being put, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee ? it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr.SCHENCK. I move to amend by striking
out all of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and incorpo-
rated in the biil by the Committee of the Whole,
together with the preceding line, and substituting
in its place what I send to the Clerk.
Mr. KERNAN. Is it in order to move to
strike out what the committee have inserted?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir, when i connect it
with something else.
Mr. KERNAN. I addressed my inquiry to
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to propose to strike
out anything except that last section ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; a part of the pre-
ceding section, abolishing the office of Assistant
Register of the Treasury. I propose to strike that
out, together with that which was offered by the
gentleman from Maryland, and substitute what
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment of Mr. Sciienck was read.
Mr. HOL.iVJ.AN. I rise to a point of order.
The words pioposed to be stricken out have
already been inserted by the committee, and it is
a uniform rule that nothing inserted by the com-
mittee can be stricken out. All tiie gentleman
from Ohio proposes to strike out has already been
inserted by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes to smke out the precedmgclause of the
bill.
. Mr. SCHENCIC. I modify my amendment
so as to strike out the two preceding sections.
The CH AS RMAN. That is not in order.
Mr.SCHENCK. Why not?
The CHAIRMAN. Because those sections
have been passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe it is competentto
strike out mutter that has been inserted together
with part of the original text.
The CHAIRMAN. That-can be done when
the mutter is all in thesame section,but you can-
not go back to previous sections.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following as ad-
ditional sections to the bill:
•find, be it further enacted. That the following sums be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated to supply deficien-
cies in the appropuations loi the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1865, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated:
For too! and siege trainsfor armies in the field, $200,000.
For superintendent and lour watchmen in the building
oceupied by the Quartermaster General, via : One super-
intendent for the fiscal years* 1865 and 1866, at §200 per
annum, and foui watchmen at an annual salary of §600
each, fm ihe ficc.tl year ending 30th June, 18o6, >2.800.
'J\* - apply a u.-liciency in the appropriation for the Indian
service in Utah, being for money advanced by 15n?ham
Young while Governor and ex officio superintendent ol
Indian affaiis, found due and allowed by the Secretary of
the fnterior, $-38,487 53.
For platen, eugtavmg, printing, and paper, for national
currency notes, .^3.23,234.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for lighting the
Capitol and President's house, and public giounds aro'nnd
them, around the executive offices aud Pennsylvania ave-
nue, Bridge and High streets, Georgetown, Four-and-a-half,
Seventh, and Twellth streets, across the Mail, and Maryland
avenue wc t, and Sixth street south, per act of March 3,
ISotf, §13,000.
To Mjpply a deficiency in the appropriation for making
cei'.Un alterations in the custom-house building at Phila-
delphia, $7,425.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for fuel for
the Pressidoht's ho'iifC ana Capitol, $6,000.
To pay H. A. Klopfer for teju m'.«;|j«> services as a laborer
in the office of the Attorney Genejai, ar, lorty dollais per
month, §-400. * ' "
For continuing work at the Brooklyn ntxvy-y&$$.
for piling, filling In, and building cnb-woik on cob dock
for gun patk, $250,000,
Mr. BROOKS, f rise to a point of order. This
amendment is a biil which has already been re-
ported on from the Committee of Ways and
Means, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, printed, and made a
special order. I submit that it is not in order to
offer it as nn nmendment to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. It would puzzle LittleBrown
to compile this law.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not? Debate has not
been closed on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been closed en-
tirely.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I rather like this way
of doing business. We have only got a million
in this amendment; let's go it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brooks, and
Rice of Maine, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
v Mr. BROOKS. I will move this as an addi-
tional amendment:
And the remaining money in the Treasury is hereby ap-
propriated, without any debate whatsoever on the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman wish
a vote on that amendment?
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; I will withdraw it.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I offer the following as
an additional amendment to the bill:
•And be it fwither enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to pay the interest on the public dtbt duo
the Smithsonian Institution m the same funds as the inter-
est on other permanent debts due by the United States
prior to the present lehellion have been and are paid ; and
in case the inteiest heretolore paid to said In>titiitiou has
been paid in a different cuirency and of less value than
that paid by (he Government on oilier permanent debt-, or
tru<-t funds, that the Secretary be directed to make up the
difference to said Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. STEVENS. Why not put in the word
" gold" at once?
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
This is not an appropriation in accordance with
law, but it is an attempt to appropriate a specific
sum of money in gold instead of the ordinary cur-
rency of the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. COX. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and 1 desire to be heard a moment in ex-
planation. This is not an appropriation. It is
only a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the interest on this special fund in gold, as
it always has been paid, and as it ought to be paid
now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question ofoider. Has not the debate been closed
on this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It has, and the Chair
adheres to its decision.
Mr. COX. I wish the Chair could have had
the facts of the case before him before he decided
it. I respectfully appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
The question was taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to insert the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind he it further enacted. That there be appro-
priated foi the purpose of making; repairs upon the build-
ing oi the Smirusouj.in Institution, lately injured by fire,
the sum of $50,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of oider that this amendment proposes to
change the existing law, and is therefore out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That in paying out the appro-
piianoti-, lor Aimy put poses hen af « r. the coummi.mon
allowed !<n clothing to non-commisMOned officer*, privities,
and mtiMcuns of the volunteer foices in the Army of the
United Stated, where such clothing in not iurmshed ia
