1865
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
filename of tho distinguished Sermtor from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Howard,fosie of tlie ablestui.d sound-
est Li wyors in the Senate, attached to tins report,
I think no gentleman need be apprehensive that
any constitutional provision is violated by this
section.
The thirteenth scction of the bill is a section
repealing the last clause of the joint resolution
explanatory of "An act to suppress insurrection,
to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 17, 18G2. It simply pro-
vides for the repeal of that clause of the joint
resolution.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to make some sug-
gestions upon thisquestion at some time orother,
and if the gentleman from Massachusetts will
allow nv, I can do it now by way of inquiry.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 will say to the gentleman from
New York that I propose in the discharge of my
duty, when I have finished making the statement
thatl desire to make, to call tor the previous ques-
tion. If the House shall second the pievious
question it will give me pleasure to allow to the
gentleman from NewYoik such time as I under-
stand from him he would desire to explain his
views in reference to this section or to other sec-
tions of the hill. If the House shall decline to
second the previous question I shall have done my
duty, and the whole matter will then be within the
control of the House.
Mr. WILSON, f merely desire to state, in
order that the gentleman from New Yoik and
others may hear it, that after the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts shall have concluded his explana-
tion of the bill, I intend to move to postpone this
subject for one week from to-dav, so that the
bill may he printed, in order that we may all ex-
amine tt.
Mr. KERNAN. Ifthegentleman from Massa-
chusetts would allow me to occupy a few minutes
of his time at the conclusion of his remarks, I
should be much obliged to him.
Mr. ELIOT. I will say franklvto the gentle-
man fiom New Yoik that if the House are dis-
posed to have this bill acted on now he shall
have a portion of the time to which I shall be en-
titled after the previousquestion is sustained; but
if the House prefers, uncW the circumstances, to
have tins matter postponed m order that the bill
may be punted, then I submit that his remaiks
had better be postponed also.
Mr. KERNAN, It may be that I shall not be
here at the time to which the bill will be post-
poned, and 1 should theiefore like to call the at-
tention of the House to the subject now. I a.-k
the seiith'man, toi this reason, to allow me a few
minutes when he has finished his statement.
Mr. ELIOV. Mow many minutes?
Mr. KERNAN. Ten or fifteen.
Mr. EL10 i\ That is a kind of request that I
am unwilling to say no to.
Mr. CHANLER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that he allow this bill to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, sir, I cannot agree to that.
Mr. CHANLER. If the gentleman will allow
me, at the proper time I think 1 can suggest suf-
ficient rontons for pursuing that course.
Mr. KERNAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me a few moments now ? I
will be very brief.
Mr. ELIO I\ Iam not quite through yet.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that a resolution was
passed by the House on the 5th of January last,
referring the matter of lefugees to the Committee
on Military Affairs. After deliberating upon the
subject, the committee reported House bill No.
698 " for the relief of refugees and freedmen,"
which was recommitted, and I have had it ready
for some time in my drawer to report back to the
Hviusp with two proposed amendments.
Now, I desire to be heard upon this subject in
connection with the report made by the commit-
tee of conference, but if we are to have the pre-
vious question put upon us, and are not to be per-
mitted to see this bill in print, which is a long
one, of many sections, and neither the House bill
nor the Senate bill, but a new bill made in the
committee ofconferenee, before the previous ques-
tion is sustained I should like to inteiject a few
remarks, as a gentleman from Illinois stud the
other day. I shall vote, however, for the motion
of which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
bos] has given notice, if he shall have an op-
portunity of making it, to postpone the bill for
one week, ami have it printed, so that we mav j
know what it is that we are considering. I ask !
the gentleman from Massachusetts, if that does •
not take place, if he will permit me also to have
a few moments of his time ?
Mr. ELIOT. I will with a great deal of
pleasure.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to ask the gentleman if
the previous question, which he proposes to call,
will cut off all amendments or any substitute that
might be offered ?
Mr. ELiOT. I will soy to the gentleman that
under the rules of the House there can be no
amendment offered, for it is the report of a com-
mittee of conference, and must be adopted as it is
or rejected as it is. There can be no alteration
mode in it.
Mr. SM1TII. Then no substitute can be of-
fered for it ?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir. I nm not disposed to
say a woid upon this thirteenth section which
repeals the List clause of the confiscation reso-
lution. The House has more than once ex-
pressed its judgment on the subject, and I am
content to let it remain where it stands without
com ment.
The fourteenth section is simply a repealing
section of inconsistent acts.
Now, it will be seen that the effect of this bill
will be to take away from the Treasury Depart-
ment and from the Treasury agents and employe*
the hinds and piopeity which have been heieto-
fore placed under their chatge,and the whole will
be confided to the Commissioner and the olficeis
appointed under him in this department. I want
tt) say that I here has been a very loud call from
all portions of the country that some legislation
should be had upon this subject. There has re-
cently been a convention in this city, attended
by dele gates from all sections of the North, the
Northwest,and the East, and they have united m
calling upon us to delay no longer our action in
behalf of these freed men. Whether it goes to the
War D> part ment or to the Treasury, their prayer
is, give us some bill under the provisions of which
the Government may act. The time has come
when it is necessary that this action should be
had. I cannot but feel that we have done wrong
in not having long before now extended to these
people a hand of welcome and of support. They
have well deserved it. They have been faithful
to us m fort and camp and field. Many lives
have bc 'n lost and much &uflei mg endured while
we have delayed action. Now, Mr, whet her it is
done to-day or next week ih not a matter of im-
portance, except big so far as that every day 's de-
lay makes the suffet nig greater on the part of these
freedmen, and it i.-s because I have felt that, and
because of the instructions I have fiom the com-
mittee, that I shctll ask the House to pass now
upon the report. But if they think that it had
better be postponed, we shall have no other objec-
tion to it than the one which I have nan;ed. And
now, sii, for the purpose of having the House
determine whether tins matter shall be passed
upon now or delayed, 1 en 11 tin* previous question.
Mr. KERNAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. EliotJ withdraw that mo-
tion for a few moments?
Mr. ELIOT. 1 will withdraw the motion for
the previous question, and yield therematnderof
my time to the gentleman fiom New York [Mr.
Kernan] if he will renew the motion when he
has concluded his remarks.
Mr. KERNAN. I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. What becomesofmy share
of the time by this arrangement5
Mr. ELiOT. I will yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Kxr-
nan] with the understanding that he gives a
portion of it to the gentleman from, Ohio [Mr.
Schenck.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
motion for the previous question operates at the
end of the hour.
Mr. ELIOT. That is my motion; I yield the
remainder of the hour to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kr.RN-A.vj and the gentleman from
Ohio, [.Vlr. Schlnck.]
Mr. KERNAN". Even if I had the time I
would not enter into any extended discussion of
the details of this bill. I appreciate the benevo-
lent efforts of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] to alleviate in some way the suffer-
ings of this class of persons and promote their'
welfare; Prom all the accounts we have, they'
are suffering wherever they have come within the"
lines of our armies. But in my judgment expe-
dience shows that the policy proposed to be inau-
gurated by this bill will notaccomplish the benev-
olent intentions of its promoters toward these
people. They are a very numerous class of per-
sons; and the policy of this bill seems to be to
regulate, control, and govern this largo class of
persons by a code of laws, under the name of
regulations, which regulations are to be made and
administered by an appointee of the President
and the Senate called a Commissioner. Lands are
to be assigned and leased to them. There are to
be superintendents to regulate their employment
and wages, decide their controversies, and pay
the surplus of their earnings, over and above ex-
penses, into the Treasury of the United States,
1 n my judgment this policy will not work out sat-
isfactorily any such social problem as that pre-
sented by the colored population of the southern
States. You will not be able to really benefit this
class of persons by placing them by the hundred
thousand under the guardianship and subject to
the control of a Commissioner who is to make reg-
ulations for their government, and by his agents
manage and control them. Some other mode of
dealing with this question must be devised, if
there is to be any effectual, benevolent, or eco-
nomical action in reference to thisclassof persons.
Again, where and to what consequences will
this policy lead ? According to this bill the Gov-
ernment, by a bureau like that of Agriculture, is
to take cliarge of people by the hundred thousand
in Srates of this Union, and become their guard-
ians, and regulate them by special provisions and
regulations to be made by an appointee of the
President. Does any man believe that we will
succeed in benefiting this really suffering class by
any such measure as this?
But I particularlydesire to call the attention of
the House to the twelfth section of the bill, which,
if this bill is to pass, 1 trust will be stricken out,
I earnestly hope there will be no further legisla-
tion by Congress to subject civilians to trial and
punishment by military commissions.
This twelfth section provides that the superin-
tendents,clerks,and ail others connected with this
proposed bureau shall be tried for all sorts of
alleged offenses by military commissions. Where
do we get the power to pass any such law ? The
Constitution declaies that no person shall be held
to answer for a capital or otherwise infamous crime
unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand
jury, except m cns *s arising in the land or naval
forces, or m the militia when in actual service in
time of war or public danger; that no person shall
be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; and that in all criminal' prose-
cutions the accused shall enjoy the right of a trial
by an.impartial jury. Does anyone beheve that
we can constitunonally subject a classof civilians
to the juiiadiction of these military tribunals by
dechuing, as this twelfth section does, that they
shall be deemed to belong to the Army or Navy
of the United States, or engaged in its military
or naval service? As well might we take the right
of trial by jut y from any other class of citizens
as from the ciass subjected to trial and punishment
by military tnbunals under this twelfth section.
They can m no sense be correctly said to belong
to the Army or Navy. They are civilians, em-
ployed in purely civil affairs. If we can do this,
we can take away the right of any class of civil-
ians by saying that they shall be deemed to be in
the military service of the United States, when we
know that all their duties are duties of civilians.
Str, I submit that the experience of the last few
years must have made it apparent to every gen-
tleman here that these military commissions are
characterized by a want of certainty as to the con-
viction of the guilty and the certainty of frequently
convicting the innocent. Acts of Congress have
been passed declaring that certain contractors and
other parties should be deemed to be in the military
service and subject lo trial by these commissions;
and you have had military commissions sitting in
this city and elsewhere in the loyal States, ti ying
nt'*n who never were of the class mentioned in the
acts of Congress, and there seems to be no power
