5m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
to take them from under the control of these mil-
itary tribunals or to get any review of their decis-
ions. Now, I trust that we shall take no further
steps in the direction of subjecting civilians, 1 care
not of what class, to this unconstitutional gnode of
trial. We should be warned by the history of
these courts, not only in this country, but in other
countries. The Court of High Commission in
England, under the influence of those who desired
that arbitrary power should prevail, carried its
oppressive proceedings to such an extent as to
bring on a collision, as such assumptions of power
mustdo in anycountry where liberty is to be pre-
served. There is no good reason why these men,
for felony, or embezzlement, or any other offense,
shall not be tried under the guarantees of the Con-
stitution and in accordance with the forms and by
the tribunals which it prescribes. We should do
something to put a stop to and guard against
the wrongs which innocent men have suffered by
being deprived of trial by jury and by being sub-
jected to military commissions. I refer gentle-
men to a statement made a few days ago in the
other end of the Capitol by a distinguished Sen-
ator, that a military commission is sometimes
efficient for the conviction of those who have be-
come obnoxious to parties by exposing frauds
upon the Government.
Again, the thirteenth section of this bill pro-
poses to do, what? To repeal thejoint resolution
made a part of the act of Congress as to confis-
cation, passed in July, 1862, by which confisca-
tion was limited to the life estate in land of the
traitor. This subject, the repeal of this joint res-
olution, has been fully discussed in this House. A
bill to effect this was passed at. the last session, and
Went to the Senate. The Judiciary Committee
of that body reported, as I understand, unani-
mously, that that bill ought not to pass. That
bill died. Yet now there is an attempt to effect
the same object by passing this bill, which comes
from a conference committee of the two Houses,
and has never been subjected to the scrutiny of
any regular committee of either House. I trust
that we shall not pass a bill repealing that joint
resolution until there has at least been some dis-
cussion or Scrutiny of the matter. I ask the
Clerk to read an extract from the message of the
President of the United States, approving of the
confiscation act, and the joint resolution as a part
of it, now proposed to be repealed; and I ask
members on the other side of the House whether
they are prepared to enact a law on the subject
of confiscation, which President Lincoln declared
he could not sign because it was in violation of
the Constitution, without discussion or examin-
ation by any appropriate committee. This is
the effect of passing the bill now before us.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" That to which I chiefly object pervades most pait of
the net, hut mote disfinetly appeais in the fir-t, second,
seventh, and eighth section*, it is the stun of those pto-
visions which rcsuils in ihe divotiny of title forovri.
" For the causes of treason and ingredient-* of treason,
not amounting to the full crime, it declares loifeiture ex-
tending beyond the lives of the guilty parlies; wheiea* the
Constitution of the United Stares declares that' nomtatn-
der of treason shall woik corruption of blood, or forfeiture
except during the life of tiie peison attainted.' Tine, there
is to be no formal attainder in this ease; still, 1 think the
greater punishment cannot be constitutionally inflicted in
a different form for the same offense.
"With gieat respect, I am constrained to say I think
this feature of the act is unconstitutional.'"
**********
" Again, this act, in rem, forfeits property for the ingre-
dients of treason without a conviction of the supposed
criminal or a personal hearing given him in any pioeeed-
ing. That we may not touch property lying vvitlnn our
reach because we cannot give personal notice to an owner
who is absent endeavoring lu destroy the Government, is
certainly satisfactory. Still, the owner may not he thus
engaged; and I think a reasonable time should bepiovided
for such parties to appear and have pmsonal hearings.
Similar provisions are not uncommon in connection with
proceedings in rem."
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, this was the
language of the President of the United States in
reference to the act of 1862, when submitted to
him for his approval without the joint resolution
explaining and limiting it. It is now proposed to
repeal thejoint resolution which induced him to
approve the act, and to leave the latter in force as
a law in the form in which the President declared
he could not sign it because it was unconstitu-
tional. In this message he says that unless Con-
gress had passed this joint resolution he could
not have approved the act, and that he approves
the act and joint resolution as one law, the reso-
lution limiting the forfeiture under the act to the
life estate. Are you now going to vote for a bill
repealing this joint resolution ? Will you do so,
without discussion or examination, on the report
of a conference committee appointed upon a bill
relative to a very different subject than confisca-
tion ? I appeal to the other side whether they will
treat the President of the United States or this
question in this way. Now, Mr. Speaker, I trust
that the House at least, if it is seriously contem-
plated to pass this bill, will postpone its further
consideration and have it printed, so a&to allow
gentlemen to examine and discuss it.
I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] foryielding me the floor longenough
to make these suggestions.
Mr. ELIOT. I have been making an inquiry
among the friends of the bill, and I find that they
have a desire to have the bill more carefully con-
sidered than can now be done. I ask what will
be the effect, under the rules, of a postponement
of the report for one week, so that the bill may
be printed and examined?
The SPEAKER. It will retain the privileged
character of a conference report. When the time
arrives to which it is postponed it will come up
as if just presented by the conference committee.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I consent. I move that the
further consideration of the conference report be
postponed to this day week, and that the substi-
tute be ordered to be printed. I believe that will
suit the convenience of the friends of the measure.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRlDGrE moved that the whole subject
be laid upon the table; and on that motion de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 83, not voting 32; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen. William J. Allen, Baily,
Augustus C.Baldwin, Blair, Bli^s, Brooks, James S. Biown,
William Brown. Chanler, Clay, CoHroth, Cox,Dawson,
Kdon, lidgertDn, Eldridge, English, Finely Ganson. Grider,
Hale. Hall, Hauling, Benjamin < . Hams, Charles M. Har-
u«, lleinck, Iloltnan, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Ker-
nan, King, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallorv, Mc-
Allister, McDowell, William II. Miller, James R. Morns,
Morrison, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Peny,
Piuyn, Radtoid, Samuel J. Randall, Robm^on, James S.
Itollins, llu^s Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse,
St naif, Thomas, Towns-end, Wad-worih, Whaley, Wheeler,
Jo-eph W. White, Benjamin Wood,Fernando Wood, and
Ycaman—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, A-hley, John D Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Bioom.ill, Freeman Clarke, Cole,
Henry Wiritei Davis., Thomas T. Davis-, Dawes, Deimng,
Dixon, Donnellv, Dnggs, Diunont, Ecklcy, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Frank, Gaifield, Gooch, Gnnnell, Higbv, Hooper,
A=ahel W. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Huiburd. Inner-
soil, Jenckes, Julian, Kas&on Kelloy, Fuincis W. Kellogg,
Oilando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Lonsyear, Marvin,
McCluig, Samuel F. Miller, Moinli, Daniel Moim, Amos
Myers, l,eonaid Myers, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Oi th, Bat-
tel-on, Perham, Pike, Po-sieioy, Pi h-c7 William II Randall,
John II. Rice, JSdw.mi il. Rollins, Schenek, Seohuld,
Sloan, Smithes, Spalding, Stair, Stevens, Tracy, Upson,
Van V.ilkenbujgh, Elihu B. Washbumc,William 13. Wash-
burn, Williams Wilder, Wilson, Wuulom, Woodbridge,
and Woithingron—83.
NOT VOTING—Me-srs, Anoona, Brandegee, Ambrose
W. Ci.uk, Cobb, Ciavens, Croswell, Deni-on, Gri-wold,
Harrington, Ilotehki-js, Iliuehm-. Philip Johnson, Knapp,
Loan, Marcy. MeBride, Mclndoe, MeKmnoy, Middleton.
Moorhcad, NeNon, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Scott,
Shannon, John B Steele, Sweat,'Thayer, Voorhee&, Ward,
Webster, Chilton A. White, and Winfield—32.
So the subject was not laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he was paired with
Mr. A. W. Clark; and that he was opposed to
the measure, while Mr. Clark was in favor of it.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question on the motion to postpone and
print, the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the vote by which the
report was postponed and ordered to be printed
be reconsidered; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The Tatter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Arnold] is upon the floor, being taken
from it by the conference report.
RELIEF TO REFUGEES.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will thegentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. ARNOLD. I will.
Mr. SCHENCK. On tlffe 5th of Jruiuary the
House, by a resolution, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs the subject of relief to refu-
gees. The committee prepared a bill, reported it
to the House, and had it recommitted; and now
the committee have instructed me to report that
bill again to the House with two amendments. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to report to the
House the bill (H.R. No. 698) to establish in the
War Department a Bureau for the Relief of Freed-
men and Refugees, including white and black,
and that, with the amendments, it may be printed
and made a special order immediately after the
report of the conference committee, which has
just been postponed, is disposed of. If that is
done, if the action on the report of the conference
disposes of the whole subject, this matter can
easily be disposed of; otherwise it will be in a
position to be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
this bill is made the special order at that time, in
all probability it would not be reached then. The
conference report beinga privileged matter would
come up atthat time; but there being alreadyscv-
eral special orders set down before that time, they
will take precedence of this matter.
Mr. MORRILL. I must object to any more
special orders until we have acted upon the tax
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall not insist upon mak-
ing it a special order, for I think myself it is im-
politic to make special orders. I will ask unan-
imous consent to report the bill and have it
printed.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman desires to
have it printed and recommitted.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that a memorial of
the American Union Commission in relation to
the condition of refugees within the Union lines
of the United States, and praying the action of the
Government m their behalf, may be printed and
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I object.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined,
and found truly enrolled, a joint resolution (H.
R.. No. 142) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Major General Philip H. Sheridan and the
officers and men under his command; when the
Speaker signed the same.
OFFICERS IN SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House acommunication from the War
Department transmitting a list of officers in the
subsistence department; which was laid on the
table, and oidered to be printed.
MEDALS Jb'OR INDIAN CHIEFS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Housea communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking an appropria-
tion of $5,000 foi medals for certain Indian chiefs-,
which was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
INDIAN GOODS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior asking an appropriation to
pay for supplies of goods pui chased for Indians
m place of certain goods destroyed; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
ILLINOIS SIIIP-CANAL.
Mr. ARNOLD. I now call up the unfinished
business which was pending when the House ad-
journed yesterday, being the consideration of the
Illinois ship-canal bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the substitute for the bill offered by thegen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold] As the
reading of the substitute was called for lasteven-
ing, the Clerk will proceed to read it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I called for the reading for
the purpose of raising a point of order, but 1 now
withdraw it.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me a few moments.
Mr. ARNOLD. Not at present. I desire that
