1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man. Bliss, Brandegee,Brooks, Broomall, James S. Brown,
Olianlftr, Uoffroth, Cox, Cravens, Henry Winter Davis,
lJawcs,D;twson,Demuig, Oemsou, Dixon, Eden, Edgerton,
English, Finek, Ganson, Garfield, Gooch, Griswold, Hale,
Haiditig, Benjamin G. Ilarns, Uernek, IIulimut,flotchkiss,
Hutcluu-:, Philip Johnson, KulhfleKch, Keritart, King,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Marcy, McKinney,
Muldlcion, William H. Miller, James R. Moiris,Morrison,
Nebon, Noble, Odell, John O'NcjII, Pendleton, Pcrhanj,
P<*rry, Price, i'ruyn, Radford, Samuel J.Randall, Alexander
II. Ilice, Roger-, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Scott,
Simihers, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse.
Stuart, Towiiaend, Tiaey, Ward, William B. Washburnj
Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A, White, Joseph W. White,
and Wmfield—80.
NAYS—Mes&rs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter,
Boyd, Ambrose W. Clnik, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cote,
Eeklt-y, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Frank, Grinnell, Higby,
liooper, Asuhel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Iniieisoll, J< neken, Ka=?son, Kelley, Fiancte W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Knox, LittH'jolm, Loan, Longyeai, Mar-
vin, MeBiide, iVicCfurg, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers-, Leonaul Myers, Norton, Chailos
O'.Veill, Ortb,Patterson, Pike, Pom^ioy, William II. Ran-
dall, Joint II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Shannon, Sloan,
Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne,
Wilson, VVimlotn, Woodbudge, and Woithington—58.
NOT VOTING—Messts. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Blame,
Blair, Blow, Bouiwell, William G. Biown, Clay, Cieswull,
Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumnnt, Eliot, Gnder,
Hall, Ilanington, Charles M. Harris, William Johnson,
Julian, Malioiy, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Moor-
head, Robinson, fc5eh<tnck, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Sweat,
Van Valketibiugh, Voorhees, Wad&worth, Whaley, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Yeanian—44.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
The question recurred upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 64, not voting 39;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Bouiwell, Brandegee, Brooks Broomall,
James S. Brown, Chattier, Coftroth, Cox, ('ravens, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denting, Denton,Dixon,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Engl^h, Finek, Ganson, Gar-
field, Gooch, Grider, Griswoid, Ilnle, Harding, Benjamin
G. H;mis, H< rriek, Hohnan, Motohkiss, Ilutcltins, Philip
Johnson, Kulbflei?-ch, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Le Blond, Long, McKinney, Middleton, William II. Mil-
ler, JamesR. Morris, Morrison, Ncl«on, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, t'ruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, Itogors, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Schenck, Scott, Smliheis, Joint B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Townsend, Ward, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Winfield, and Yeatnan—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beainan, Blow, Boyd, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Frank, Grinnell, Higby, Hoopei, Asahel W. Hubbard, John
IL Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoli, Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Liulejohn,
Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McBude, MeClutg, Samuel F.
Miller, Moot head. Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
I'erham, Pike, Pomeioy, William II. Randall, John II.
Rice, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,Thayer,
Thomas, Up-on, Elihu B. Washbutne, William B. Wash-
buin, Wilson, Wutdom, Woodbridge, and Wortlnngton
—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Alli-
son, Anderson, Baily, Blame, Blair, William G. Brown,
Clay, Creswell,Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Hall, llairington, Charles M. Hams, William John-
son, Julian, Mallory, ftlarey, McAllister, JVIcDowpII, Mc-
lndoe, Price, Robinson, Edward IL Rollins, Smith, Starr,
Sweat, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wads worth,
Whaley, Williams#, WiIdeTy-Bcnjanun Wood, and Fer-
nando Wood—39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL MATTERS.
Mr. COLE, of California, from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 390) relating to the
postal laws, reported that the committee had
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows: that the House recede from its amend-
ment striking out the first section of the bill and
agree to the same amended so that ail domestic
letters, except letters lawfully flanked, and do-
mestic letters of soldiers and mariners in the ser-
vice of the United States, that are deposited for
mailing m any postoffice of the United States, on
which postage is unpaid, shall be sent by the
postmaster to the dead-letter office in Washing-
ton; and that all letters deposited for mailing, paid
only in part, shall be forwarded to their destina-
tion charged with the unpaid rate, to be collected
on dehveiy; and that the House recede from its
third, fourth, and fifth amendments.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from Cali-
fornia what has become of the disputed proposi-
tion touching the rate of postage, and also what
has become of the proposition touching the for-
warding of letters unpaid in full, charged with
double postage?
Mr. COLE, of California, The first proposi-
tion has never been before the Post Office Com-
mittee at all, and certainly not before the con-
ference committee. The next proposition is pro-
vided forin the reportof the conference committee.
The letters are to be forwarded to their destina-tion
where the postage is not fully paid.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. . /
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.^
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the bill (EL
R. No. 786) making 4vpp^priaiioiia^fQ.r_sundc.y
civil expensed?the Governmentfor the yearend-
— -
•—Ttnr iemaming amendments were adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thiid time.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 41, not voting 49;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jamr* C. Allen, Allison, Ames, An-
eona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John I).Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Heamtin, Bliss, Broomall. James S. Brown, Coffioth,
Cole, Cox, Cravens, Ilenty Winter Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Eden, Edgerton, Eliot,
Finek, Garfield, Gooch, Glider, Giisvvold, Hah1, Harding,
Herriek, Iligby, Holirtan, Notchkisp, John H. Hubbard,
Jenekos, Philip Joht^on, Kalbflei&ch, Kasson, Kernan,
King, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Marey, MeKiimev, Middle-
ton, Samuol F. Miller, William II. Millor, Moorhead,
Moirill, James R.Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Nelson,Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Perhain, Perry,
Price, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Rogets James S. Rollins,
Sehenck, Scofield, Scott, Sloan, Smithers, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas, Town-
send, Ward, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Wilder, Wmfiehl, Woodbridge, and Yeaman
—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Boyd, Chanler, Cobb, Driggs,
Eckley, Eldtydge, Frank, Grinnell, Hooper, Asahel VV.
Hubbard, Hulburd, IngeisoII, Kelley,Francis VV. Kellogg,
Knox, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, McBride, McClurg,
Daniel Morris, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton,
Pike, Ponteroy, John II. Riee, Edward IL Rollins, Ross,
Shannon, Stevens, Thayer,Tracy, Upson, Elihu B. Wash-
butne, Wilson, Wxndoin, and Worthmgton—>41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Brattdegpe,
Brooks, WillnimG. Brown, Antbiose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Clay,Creswell, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Du-
mont, English, Farnsworth, Ganson, Hall, Harrington,
Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Hams, Hutchins, William
John&on, Julian, Orlando Kellogg, Lascar, Loan, Long,
Mallory, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Patterson, Rob-
inson, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Sweat, Van Valkenburgh,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Williams, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—49,
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.*
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the special order m relation to Cabi-
net ministers having seats on the floor.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the conference commit-
tee on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments to House bill No. 620, to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal'
year ending June 30,1865, reported that the com-
mittee had been unable to agree.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the report be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the
joint committee appointed to notify Andrew
Johnson of his election to the office of Vice Pres-
ident for four years, commencing on the 4th of
March, 1865, I beg leave to report that the com-
mittee waited on the Vice Presidentelect, in-
formed him of his election, and received from him
an oral response to the effect that he acquiesces
in the action of the American people, and will
accept the trust confided to him £>y duly qualify-
ing, and entering on the duties of the office to
which he has been called, in the manner provided
for by law.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. STEVENS, from theCommittee of Ways
and Means, reported back with amendments Sen-
ate bill No. 171, further to amend an act entitled
"An act for the collection of direct taxes in the
insurrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes," approved June 7, 1863.
The bill and amendments were read.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENAT13.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment bills of the following
titles;
A bill (H. R. No. 556) granting a pension to
Ezekiel Harding; and
A bill (H. R. No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House,
bills of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 567) granting a pension to
Elizabeth B. Leppien;
A bill (H. R. No. 756) supplementary to the
general acts relating to pensions; and
A bill (I-I. R. No. 744) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide intel nal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the puo-
lic debt, and for other purposes," approved June
3D, 1864.
INTERNAL HEVENTJE.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that the House take
up the Senate amendment to the bill to amend an
act to provide internal revenue, for the purpose of
moving that the House non-concur in all the
amendments of the Senate, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference. I merely suggest to gen-
tlemen of the House that it will be utterly fm-
possible for us to take separate votes upon all the
amendments of the Senate. If the bill is to bfe
passed at all in an intelligible shape it must be sub-
mitted to a committee of conference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
it now, we can hear the amendments read at any
rate.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 171) to further amend an act entitled
"An act for the collection of direct taxes within
the insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved June
7, 1862.
The question was upon the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr, Stevens] to allow me to move an
amendment to this bill. 1 desire to move to strike
out the first section of the Senate bill. I think it
contains an extraordinary provision. If I under-
stand it correctly, the amendments reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means have left that
part of the bill without amendment to which thia
is an amendment. The bill provides the machinery
by which the direct taxes m insurrectionary States
are collected. That of course involves first the
appraisal of the land, then the assessment of the
tax, the giving the notice of sale, and the making
of sale. After the land has been sold, it provides a
ccrtain time and certain mode in which the owner
if loyal may redeem the land. Now, the first sec-
tion of this bill, instead ofleaving all questions as
to the regularity and validity of the sale under
the law to be settled by the courts when the pur-
chaser at such sales desires possession oft he lands,
provides that the tax commissioners, who are
merely the ministerial officers of the Government
for the purpose of executing that law and making
the sale, shall themselves act as a court* or rather
they shall in their ministerial capacity issue a writ
of possession to put the purchaser in possession,
