1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
without giving the owner any right to go into the
courts for the purpose of contesting the regularity
of the proceedings, the validly of the stile, and the
question whether he was loyal or disloyal.
It is really turning an irresponsible board of tax
commissioners, who are performing simply the
ministerial duty of assessing the land and selling
it, into a court without any power perhaps to de-
termine upon the legality of their own proceed-
ings, or the power to determine the right of the
original owners to the lands sold, but compelling
the commissioners to issueawrit which will sum-
marily eject those in possession of the land, and
put the purchaser, whoeverhemay be, and what-
ever may be the proceedings under which he has
acquired title, into possession. I submit to the
learned chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Stevens] that all these questions
should be submitted to our courts; that the pro-
ceedings should be assimilated to those for the
collection of taxes in the States. Let the sale be
held by our tax commissioners; let the purchaser
take his certificate of sale, and if the land is not
redeemed within the time and in the manner speci-
fied by law, and if possession is withheld by the
occupant of the land, let him get it by the ordinary
process of law.
I am informed thatif this provision is to be en-
acted as a law, it will interfere so much with the
duties of the tax commissioners that their sales
will be interrupted; the commission will be turned
into a court to hearapphcauons for writs of pos-
session; they cannot devote the necessary time to
their other duties. 1 submit that the purchasers
at these sales shall stand upon the same footing
as purchasers atall other tax sales, and if posses-
sion is withheld after they have obtained a title,
that they shall have the right to appeal to our
courts to put them in possession in accoidance
with the forms of law, and in courts where the
regularity of the proceedings and the legality of
the whole transaction can be decided in a proper
manner. I believe that that section contains
nothing except the provision authorizing the tax
commissioners to issue writs of possession. Its
omission will not impair or affect the main features
of this bill; and I trust that the section will be
stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. I was willing to hear what
the gentleman had to say before I insisted on the
previousquestion. But if this section be stricken
outthe whole bill will be worthless. In thatportion
, of the country in which this bill will operate no
regular courts are open, and it is necessary that the
tax commissioners should do what the sheriffs do
where there are regular courts. Time is allowed
for the party to come back. On an appeal pos-
session may be restored to him; and he has two
years within which to take that appeal.
On seconding the previous question there were,
on a division—ayes fifty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. SLOAN called for tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Sloan and
Ashley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the amendments reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means were agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeasand nays
were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
^ Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the rules
m order that we may non-concur in all the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 744)
known as the tax bill, withouteven reading those
amendments, for they are so voluminous that the
reading of them would consume hours.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall insist on the reading
of those amendments. I believe it cannot be dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER. It can be by suspending the
rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can a bill be passed without
being read ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, by a two-thirds
vote suspending the rules.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will state that if this bill
is to pass, the choice is between members of the
House remaining here all night and having a
committee of conference work all night. If the
bill should be delayed until to-morrow it cannot
be acted upon and engrossed. It is a bill of over
fifty pages.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
amendments at this stage.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the amend-
ments cannot be called for at this stage. The
question is now on suspending the rules.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes, 84, noes 8.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the House
non-concur in all the amendments of the Senate,
and ask a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has not the right to call for the reading
of ihe amendments, the rules having been sus-
pended. One of the rules gives every member the
right to call for the reading of any paper upon
which he is to vote. That is the rule of the House.
But the House reserves to itself the right, during
the last ten days of the session, to suspend the
rules whenever it sees fit if they stand in the way
of the transaction of business. The House has,
by a vote of 84 to 8, suspended all rules that pre-
vent the House from non-concurring with the
Senate amendments in gross, and asking the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference. This
action has suspended the rule which, if it had not
been suspended, would have given the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] or any other gen-
tleman the right to demand the reading of the
amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 respectfully appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House ?
Mr. DAWES. I move that the appeal be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 74, noes 20.
On the motion of Mr. Morrill, that the House
non-concur in the Senate amendments and ask a
committee ofconference,there were,on a division
—ayes 63, noes 25; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Morrill and Bliss.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 78, noes 17.
So the motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to bring up Sen-
ate bill No. 411 to amend an act entitled " An act
to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia." It was the
question under consideration at the last morning
hour; and I will say that the committee have
authorized me to withdraw all the pending amend-
ments so as to remove all objection, and to put
the bill on its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. How will it stand then ?
Mr. PATTERSON. It will then only affect
the Metropolitan Railroad Company, and notthe
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company.
Itgives the Metropolitan Railroad Company the
right to extend. It will be some relief to that road.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I withdrawal! the pend-
ing amendments to the bill, and ask by unanimous
consent that the amendment adopted to the first
section shall be withdrawn.
There was no objection; and it was agreed to
accordingly.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANK CIRCULATION.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to take up and pass
House bill No. 703, to amend an actenutled " An
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof," which
was read twice, ordered to be printed, the further
consideration postponed to Monday, February 6,
after the morning hour, and made a special oidcr
from day to day till disposed of. it restricts, lo
some extent, bank ciicufntion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. HOOFER. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill provides that section twenty-one of
said net be so amended that the section shall read
as fallows:
That upon the transfer and delivery of bonds to the Treas-
ure! as piovideil iti the foregoing section, the association
making ihe same thai! be en titled to receive from the Comp-
tiollor of the Currency circulating notes of different de-
nominations, in blank, registered and countersigned a3
hereinafter provided, equal in amount to ninety percent,
of the current market value of tin; United States bonds so
transferred and delivered, but not exceeding ninety per
rent, of the amount of said bonds at the parvalue tlien'of,
if bearing interest at a late not less than live per cent, per
annum; and the amount o( .^uch circulating notes to be
luriuMied to each association Mini! be m pioporimn to its
paid-up capital as follow-, and no more: to each asso-
ciation whose capital shall not exceed £500.000, ninety
per cent, of such capital; to each association whose cap-
ital exceeds $500,000, but does? not exceed $1,000.000, eighty
per cent, of such capital ; to each association whose cap-
ital exceeds .$1,000,000, but does not exceed $3,000,000,
seventy-five per cent, ot «neh capital; to each association
whose capital exceeds $3,000,000, sixty per cent, of &uch
capital.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the bill as
follows:
Add to the first section that.£150,000,000 of thp entire
amount of circulating notes authorized to be issued shall
be apportioned to associations in the Slates, in the District
ot Columbia, and in the Territories, according to represent-
ative population, and the remainder shall be apportioned
by the Secretary of the Treasury among associations formed
in the several States, in the District of Columbia, and m ihe
Territories, having due regard to existing bank capital,re-
sources, and business of such States, District, and Terri-
tories.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to add the following:
Jindbc it further enacted, That section one of said act be
so amended as to authorize, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the employment of one chief of the
division of currency, one chief of the division of organiza-
tion of banks, one chief of the division ot general corre-
spondence and natistics, and one chief of the division of
redemption, with the annual salary of $2,200 each j and
that the annual salary of the Deputy Comptroller shall be
$3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the bill and
amendment be laid on the table.
Mr.LE BLOND demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 73, not voting 70; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Bliss, Brooks,
James S. Brown, Chanter, Cnffmth, Oo.y, Cravens;, Daw-
son, Denton, Eden, Edeerton, Eldridjjo, English, Finck,
Ganson, Benjamin G. Harris, Herrtek, Holman, Philip
Johnson, Kernan, Le Dlond, Long, McKmney, Middleton,
William H. Miller, James ft. Morris, Morrison. John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Piuyn, Scott, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, and Townsend—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ame<, A-hlev, Gaily, Baxter,
Beaman, Blame. Houtvvell, Bovri, Broom ill, Cobb, Cole,
Dawes,Dixon, Dngg<. Eckley, Eliot, Frank.Grinneli. Gris-
wold, Hale, Hi?hy, Hooper, IIotch'ki<s, A-ahel W.'Hub-
bard, John H. Mubbard, IIulbind. Jencke<, Kasson. Keiley,
Francis W. Kellojrg, Orlando Kellonir, Knox, Littlejohn,
Longyear, Maicy, Marvin, McBnde, McClurs. Samuel
Milh i, Mooihead, Monili, Daniel Moiri*. Amos Mvers,
Leonard Myers, Noble, Norton, Odell, Charles 0;Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, Puce, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice. John if.'Rice. Edwaid il. Kolims,
Sclienck, Seofield. Sloan, Smithers, Stevens, Thayer,
Thomas, Upson, Elihu B. W.Khlmrnc, William B.Wa-h-
buni, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbrnlge
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold. Augustus C. Ualdvvtn. John 1). Baldwin, Blair,
Blow. Urandegee, William G. Brown, Ainbro-e W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Deming, Donnelly, Dumont, Farns-
ivorth, Garfield, Gooch, Grider, Hall, Harding, Harrington,
Charles M. Harris, Hutchlns, Ingersoll, William Johnson,
Julian, Kalbflctsch, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Loan,
Mallory, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Nelson, Per-
