1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
bam, Perry, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers,
James S. Rollins, Ro^s, Shannon, Smith, Spaldin?, Starr,
Sweat, Tiney, Van Valkenbutgh, Voorhee^, YVadsworth.
Ward, VVeh<t<*r, VVheolr r, Chilton A. White, Joseph Wi
Whiff1, Williams, Wmfiehl, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, Worthington, and Yeamnn—'70.
So the bill and amendment were not laid on
the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
second amend merit offered by Mr. Hooper, upon
which the yeas and nays had been ordered. ■ H
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 38, not voting 72;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Daily, Beaman, Blaine,
Boutwcll, Boyd, Broomall, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Dixon,
Dmgs Eckley, Eliot. English, Frank, Garfield. Gooch,
Gnmicll, Ilalo. Iligby, Hooper, flotchkjss, A«ahel VV. Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard. Uulburd, Fnpersoll, Jenek< s, ICa*.-
son, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg, thhindo Itellogg, Knox,
Littlejohn, Lougyear, Marvin, AJcBruic, iVIeCIurg, Moor-
bead, Moniil, Daniel Morris, Amos Myer«, Leomud Myers,
Norton, Odeli, Chailes O'Neill, Orth, I'atteison, Perham,
Pike, Pomeioy, Piiee. William II, Randall, Alexander il.
Rice, John [1. Ric, E.lwatd fl. Rollins, Seheuck. Seofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithcic, Thayer, Thomas, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and VVoithmgton—1-2.
nays—Aneona, Bliss, Brook?, Jnine* S. Biown,
Chanlrr, Coffioth, Cox, Ciavens, I)aw?on, Denton, Eden,
Edgerton, Etdi idjje, Fmck, Ganson, Hotmail, Philip John-
son, Kcrnan, Kuapp, Le Blond, Long, Marcy, MeKiuney,
Middleton, William II. Miller James It. Morris, Mom*oit,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton. I'ruyn, Samuel J. Randall,
Seoit, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Town-
gend. Ehhu R.WnMiburne, and Chilton A. Whitti—U8.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley. AugustusC. Bald-
win, John D. Baldwin. Baxter, Blair^ Blow, Biandegee,
William G. Blown, Ambtose W. Clark, Freeman Clmke,
Clay, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davj«,
Deinnia, Donnelly,Dumont,Farnsworth,Giider,Griswold,
Hall. Harding, Hainnston, Beniamin G. Harris, Chaiies
M. Hanis, Herriek, Iluteluns, William Johnson, Julian,
Kaibflewh. Kins, Law, Lazear, Loan, Mallory, McAl-
lister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Nel-on,
Perry, Radlord, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Smsih, Spalding, Starr, John B. Steele, Stevens, Sweat,
Tracy, Up.-ou, Van Valkenbutgh, Voorhees, Wad-^vorth,
Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Williams,
Win field, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—72.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the following; additional
amendment:
And one half the ihterest paid in specie upon United
States bonds shall be kept in the vaults of the national
banks until they resunve specie payments, and they are
hereby forbidden to sell any gold thus received.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he modify his amendment
so as to provide that one half only of the gold
shall be so reserved.
Mr. BROOKS. I will agree to that if the gen-
tleman will give me the support of his party.
Mr. WILSON. No, I cannot pledge that; but
I will vote for it myself.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York accept the modification suggested ?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, I will accept anything
for a bargain at this time of night.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And the interest on Government stocks held by national
banks may be paid in specie or in en dilating notes of &>tud
banks'at the discretion ol the Secretaiy of the Tieasury.
Mr. HOOPER moved the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on agieeing to the amendment.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered,
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GAIIRETX 11. BAURY.
Mr. BLISS, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, joint resolu-
tion of the Serfate No. 41, for the relief of Gar-
rett R. Barry, a paymaster of the United States
Navy.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLISS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. ENGLISH, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of Henry
Barriclow, asking relief on account of twenty-
three land warrants.
OFFICERS' SERVANTS.
Mr.SCHENCK. 1 move that the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (fci. ii. No.
170) declaring and defining the meaning of the
law in reference to officers' servants be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, with authority to report
at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
CHIEF OF STAFF TO LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr.SCHENCK. I move that Senate bill No.
476, to provide for a chief of staff to the Lieutcn-
antGeneral commanding the armies of the United
States be taken from the Speaker's table and put
upon its passage.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time. It enacts that
the President of the United States may, by and
with the r.ilvice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point a chief of staff to the Lieutenant General
commanding thearmies of the United States, who
shall have the rank, pay, and allowances of a
brigadier general in the United States Army.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYMENT OF DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that Senate joint
resolution No. Ill, foencourage the employment
of disabled and discharged soldiers, be taken from
the Speaker's table and put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is a good measure.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Thequestionbeingon its third reading, the joint
resolution was read the thiid time,and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORED LABORERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts he, and they
are heiebv, instructed to place the n.nne«. ot Sandy Bniee,
llenry Hall, and James Saundei<, colored asquint labor-
ers, on the roll of laborei  of tln^ Ilou&e, and pay thorn ac-
cordingly, for tlie present session.
M r. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to offer an amendment to that resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania to explain that resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. What do
you want to know? [Laughter.]
The resolution was considered and adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CABINET MINISTERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. NELSON. I desire to make a report from
the special committee on invalid pensions ap-
pointed in December, 18G4,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
it. I desire to know who has the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] has the floor on the bill relative
to the attendance of beads of Departments in
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio has the floor to make a speech on
a subject in which he has taken a good deal of in-
terest. I think it but fair and just to the gentle-
man from Ohio, to his position, and to his long
service in this House, that he should have an op-
portunity, even at this late day, to make his speech
on the question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If he
wants to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He has
yielded to every member who requested him to
do so, and I think that we are crowding the gentle-
man from Ohio a little too far. If, by theccMisent
of the House, which I hope will be given, thsl gen-
tleman may have a short time to-morrow to make
his speech, that will be but fair.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
that proposition ?
Mr. PENDLETON. If the suggestion of the
gentleman from Illinois be agreeable to the House,
that at a fixed hour to-morrow, say one o'clock,
I may have the floor to say what I have to say
on this subject, I will, with great pleasure, yield
the floor now.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Ohio having one hour, to com-
mence atone o'clock to-morrow, on the special
order ?
Mr. MORRILL. It is well understood all over
the House that the gentleman from Ohio has
yielded his position in order not to clog the busi-
ness of the House. I hope that some time to-
morrow, when it can be done without interfer-
ence with the business of the House, he will have
an opportunity to address the House.
Mr. UULBURD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of giving the
gentleman from Ohio that privilege.
The rules were suspended,(more than two thirds
voting in favor thereof,) and it was so ordered.
COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. H1GBY, by unanimous consent, from the
special committee in regard to certain charges
against the Commissioner of Patents, made a re-
port, accompanied by testimony.
The report was read. The committee unani-
mously report that in their opinion none of the
charges have been sustained.
The committee was discharged, and the report
and testimony were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House now
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table,
for the purpose of taking up and finally disposing
of such bills and joint resolutions as may not be
objected to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved that the House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
a concurrent resolution of the Senate, requesting
the President of the United Stales to transmit to
the Executives of the several States the amend-
ment proposed by Congress to the Constitution
of the United States respecting the extinction of
slavery therein.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
REBEL DEBT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a concurrent resolution of the Senate against any
recognition of the rebel debt or loan under any
circumstances.
Mr. COX. I object.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 141) reducing the duty on printing paper,
unsized, and used for books and newspapers ex-
clusively.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
STOCKBRIDGE, WISCONSIN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 558) to
authorize the issuing of patents for certain lands
in the town of Stockbridge, State of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's t&tile Was
