570,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
and. when western produce will again seek a south-
ern market.
I have no desire to detain the House further. I
trust my amendment will be adopted and made a
part of the bill.
, Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I have but a
word to say on the proposition now before the
House. First, in regard to the ability of the
proposed canal to take through to the lakes the
vessels-of-war constructed for the Mississippi—
the best vessels owned by the Government, and
"wkich did such essential service in taking the
fortifications at Mobile. I have the authority of
the gentleman who constructed those vessels that
they can betaken through the canal a3 proposed.
In reply to the objection made by the gentle-
raan from Wisconsin, [Mr. Brown,] that there
is no security that this appropriation will result
in the completion of the canal, I have this to say:
that, by the provisions of the bill, before the
bonds are delivered to the State of Illinois, that
State, in a legal and constitutional way, is to un-
dertake and contract with (he General Govern-
ment that, for this $5,000,000, the work shall bo
completed in the manner provided for by law.
That is to be a solemn contract between the State
of Illinois and the Federal Government.
I will not detain the House longer, and will ask
that the vote be taken on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Allison and Dawson.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 73.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
The question was first taken on Mr. Allison's
amendment to the amendment, and it was adopted.
The question was next taken on Mr. Arnold's
amendment as amended, and it was adopted.
The bill was then engrossed and read the third
time.
Mr. ARNOLD moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thfi question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 68, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Abhley. Haily, Angu&iusC.
Baldwin, Baxter, lieaman, Blaine, Blow, IJoutweh, Boyd,
Brnudeg«Je,Cole,ThomasT. l).ivi<,I)awo, Doming,Dixon,
Donnelly, Drig? , Dumont, Eckley, Ed m, Kldnd^u. Ellm,
Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield,Gooeh, lirinnell, Charles M
Harris, Higby, A>ahe) W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, In-
gersoll, Jenokes, Julian, France VV. lvello-^, Knapp. Knox,
LUllejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, Mc-rioi",
Daniel Morris, Morr^on, Nor ton, IV i ham. Pomerov. Puce,
William fl. itandall, John fl Rice, Ixobiuj-on, Mihvani H.
Rollins, Jam*.'* H. Itnilin.s, Ko-*, Sehdiek, ^cou, Mr.'nimn,
Smith, Spalding. Strnu-.e, Smart, Tou'iiM-nd, Up-on, Chliti
B. Washburue, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, WnidomjWood-
brldse, and Worthnigton—77.
NAYri—Mcssis, Ames, Aneona, John P. Hahhviu, IJIair,
Bliss, Biootnall, James S. Br own, William G.IJrou n.Chan-
Jor,Clay,Cobb, Craveu*,l)aw>on, Edgeiton, Ungh-.h, Fmelc,
Gannon, Grider, Hauling, II,trunnion, Bt njamin G. Ilaritv,
Jlerrick, Uolman, Hulhuid, Hutching, Philip Johnson, Kaib-
fieisch, Kelley, Orlando Kellogn, Keman, Kins:, Law, La-
zear, Le Blond, Long, Malloiy, McDowell, "McKmney,
Samuel F. Miller,William II. Miller,Morn!I, J,uni\> It. Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Noble, (hhll, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Ortii, Pendleton. Peiry, Pike, Piuvn,
.Radford, Samuel J. Randall, iSoolield, Sloan, .Sunthers,
Stevens, Stile-*, Thomas Wadf-woi th, Wln-vler, Joseph W.
"White, William-;, Wuilield, Deujamin Wood, and Fei-
nando Wood~68.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Brooks, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, CofFioth, Cov, CreswHI, floury Winter
Davis, Denison, Griswold, Hale, Hall. Hooper, Uotchki^s,
William Johnson, Kasson, Maiev, MeAli^ter, Melndoe,
Middleton, Moorhead, Nelson. 1'atterMui, Alexander II.
Kice, Rogers, Starr, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Sweat,Thayer, Tiacy,VanValkunburgh, Voorhee^ Waid,
William B. Washburn, Webster. Chilton A. White, and
Yeaman—37. '
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, stated that Mr.
Rogers was absent on account of illness.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the tabie.
Mr. ELDRiDGE demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion; and called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldridgf.
and Allison were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 63, not voting
42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Baily, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Blow, Boutvvell, Boyd, Biandegee, Ambior&c W. Claik,
Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Diiggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eden, Eliot, Fainsworth,
Frank, Gaifield, Gooeh, Gunnel!, Charles M. flarri^, llnihy,
Asahel W. Hubbaid, John H. Hubbard. Ingei.soll, Jenekes,
Julian, Kasson, Fiancis W. Kellogg, King, Knox, Loan,
Lontryear, Marvin, MeBnde, McClurc, Daniel Moire*,
James It. Moir^, Morri>on, Norton, Patter>on, Perham,
Pomerov, Price, William H. Randall, John EI. Rice, Rob-
inson, Edward II Rollins, Jame- S. Rollins, Ross, Schenek,
Seott, Shannon, Smith, Spalding. Stuart, Townsend, Up-
son, Ehhu B. Washburm', William B. Wasbburn, Whaloy,
Wilder, Wi^on, Windom, Woodbridge, and Woithing-
ton—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Antes, Aneona, John D. Baldwin, Blair,
Bioomall, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Cha>ler,
Clay. Cobb. Cravens Daw-on, Edgenon, Uldndiie, Hugh-h,
Frnek, Ganson, Grider, (larding, Harrington, Beniarmn G.
Han is, Herrick, Holman, II u I but <i, II urchins, Philip John-
son. Kalbllei-ch, Kelley, Oilando Kellogg, Keinan, Law,
Le Blond, Long, Mallory, McDowell, MeKlnney, Samuel
F Miller, William II Miller, Morrill, Amo-> M}er<, Noble,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton, Peny,
Piuyn, Radlord, Samuel J.Randall,Scofield, Sloan, Smith-
es, Stevens, Stile.^, Thomas, VVad&vvorih, Wlieelei,Joseph
W. White, Williams, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, and Yeaman—03.
NOT VOTING—;Me?-sis. Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin.
Blihf, Brooks, Fieeman Claike, Cofhoth, Oox, CreswHI,
lleiuy Winter Davis, Denison, Giisvvold. Hale, Hall,
Hooper, Ilotehlu-s, William Johnson, Knapp, Lazear,
Litih'john, Marcy, MeAllister, Mcfndoe, Middleton, Moor-
heail, Lennaid Myers, Nel>on, Odell, Pike, Alexander 11.
Kice, Rogers, Stair, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
vSttou-e, Swe;it, Thayer, Tracy, Van Valkenlmrgh, Voor-
heu^, Ward, Wtb^ter, and Chilton A. White—43.
So the motion to reconsidcr was laid on the
table. *
During the roll-call,
Mr. ODELL stated that he was paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Ward,
Mr. PIKE, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. ALLIJSON objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed a concurrent resolution directing the House
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds and
fhe Senate Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to inquire into the origin of the fire in
the Smithsonian Institution, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the [louse will allow
me to takefiom the table the deficiency bill for the
purpose of moving a non-concurrence in the
amendment of the .Senate and asking for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object unless I am
peimuted to move (hat the House concur m that
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suppose that there will be
no objection to the gentleman making that mo-
tion. But I desire to move that the House non-
concur m the amendment, and ask for a-commu-
tee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the motion to concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move the previous
question.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question was ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call for the reading of the
amendment m full.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the second section of said bill.
The section was read,as follows:
Be it farther enacted. That .-$38,000 he, and the same is
hereby, appropriated to be .hided to the t ontingunt fund of
the House, to enable the House of Representative-; to lulfiil
the pledge and obligation heietolore made, and the same
shall be audited and settled on such vouchers as shall be
produced by the Clerk of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. In case the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana j^lr. Hol-
man] is voted down, will it then be in order to
move thai the House adhere?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order. If
the motion that the House concur is voted down,
the next question will be upon the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
that the House insist upon its disagreement, and
ask the appointmentof a committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent to
ask an explanation from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens] of
some things connected with our appropriations.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mv attention has been di-
rected to this deficiency bill, which seems to stand
now upon a question of public, virtue and econ-
omy between the Senate and the House, and I
have been struck with somef two or three items
in the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill which passed this House on the 19th
of lastmonth. I find that while there are fifty-two
Senators, and one hundred and eighty-nine mem-
bers and Delegates in llyia House, there has been
appropriated for the compensation and mileage of
those fifty-two Senators the sum of $247,430; for
the mileage and compensation of the one hundred
and eighty-nine members and Delegates the sum
of $300,000. Now, by law the compensation and
mileage of a member of this House are the same
as for a Senator. Now, I do not understand this
matter, and would like to have it explatned.
Again, looking to the incidental expenses, I find
that (he allowance made to the Senate for news-
papers is ^3,000, while the allowance to the House
is $1,000; being three times as much for fifty-two
Senatois as it is for one hundred and eighty-nine
membeis and Delegates.
Again, 1 observe that the Senate stationery is
spf down at $17,000, while the stationery for the
House is set down at $12,000. This may be ac-
counted for by the fact that they have no limita-
tion in the Senate upon the amount of stationery
to be taken. However that may be, it seems that
fifty-two men in the Senate are supposed to con-
sume $17,000 worth of stationery m their corre-
spondence, while one hundred and eighty-nine
members and Delegates in this House consume
only $12,000. Then for the Congressional Globe
the Senate is allowed $35,000; the House is al-
lowed $29,400, while one hundred copies of the
Globe for the House are for the library of the
House.
These are some of the discrepancies which are
appaient, arising out of the question of lelative
economy between the two Houses. And as long
as we have the question before us I would like
to have these discrepancies explained.
Mr. STEVENS. The first discrepancy,in re-
gard to the appropriations for the compensation
and mileage of Congress, can be accounted for in
part by the fact that there was an excess from
last year's appropriation for the House. In
regard to the other discrepancies, in relation to
incidental expenses for the two Houses, I would
state that the matter in regard to stationery and
newspapets is to be accounted for only in this
way: when the clerks and the Secretary of the Sen-
ate make up theiraccoums fur the stationery, &c.,
of the Senate, the Committee on Finance do not pre-
sume to scrutinize them, but tnke those accounts
as correct. But in the case of the House, when
our cleiks make up their accounts as they have
done, the Senate become furious and say that we
shall not have them allowed. Members of the
Senate maintain that that body has never since
1858 authorized any such expenditure as this out
of its contingent fund. Now, sir, as controvert-
ing this position, 1 desire to state that in the act
of March 3, 1863, to provide for sundry civil ex-
penses, the following section, having originated
in the Senate, was agreed to by the House:
" Sfc. lo. That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay out ot the contingent tund lor such extia messengers,
paije^, labor eis, and Mjrviees lor the Sehate during the pres-
ent session as the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate may approve and di-
rect." 4
1 hope the vote will now be taken, and that we
shall insist on our disagreement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman's attention to one fact. I understand
from the Secretary of War that at the present
time not a single dollar can be expended from his
Depaitment for the sick and wounded soldiers in
our hospitals because of the delay in the passage
of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as that subject is con-
cerned, I look upon the action of the Senate as an
