572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
NIAGARA FALLS CANAL.
The bill (H. R. No. 126) to construct a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara, was read twice
by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest that the bill should
go to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to any
motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the motion that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Such measures have here-
tofore gone to the Committee on Military Affairs.
They have always had charge of the subject, and
1 think this bill had better take the usual course.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it a military measure?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; it is a military
measure, for the purpose of military protection.
Mr. GRIMES. If it should go to any com-
mittee other than the Committee on Commerce,
it ought to be the Committee on Naval Affairs, 1
submit, for the bill is to construct a canal, and if
it is for military purposes it is for the transporta-
tion of vessels from one lake to another through
a canal.
• Mr. MORRILL. The title of the bill is to
construct a ship-canal.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt it ought to go
to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine to refer
the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I arn not particular as to
the direction the bill shall take, it is not, how-
ever, a new question in the Senate. Our Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have had it under con-
sideration and I think have a bill now pending
before them on this very subject, and they have
once made a report upon the question. A part of
this subject is there now, not this precise bill, but
a bill very similar to it; and that being (he case,
I thought the whole subject had best go to that
committee together. If the Committee on Com-
merce desires to take jurisdiction on it, it would
bo better to discharge the Committee on Military
Affairs from the consideration of the bill which
they already have, and upon which they have
taken action.
Mr. MORRILL. It strikes mo that the meas-
ure should stand on much higher grounds than
that. If this was a matter of defense growing out
of the necessity of the war, 1 could understand
why it should go to the Committee on Military
Affairs, but upon no othergrouuds whatever, if
it is a matter affecting the commerce of the coun-
try, it should go to the Committee on Commerce.
Unless it is a question where an obvious military
necessity of the country requires that the measure
should be entered upon at this time, I submit that
it is not a question for the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The measure undoubt-
edly partakes of both characters. It is of the
highest commercial importance that these canals
should be constructed, but I do not think the meas-
ure stands entirely upon commercial grounds.
It is also of very great importance in a mihtaiy
point of view for the defense of the northern front-
ier. I am not suie what committee reported it
in the other House; perhaps they had a special
committee on the subject; hut in this body, here-
tofore, it has always been taken charge of by the
Committee on Military Affairs, at least for two
sessions to my knowledge, and a report was once
made by that committee. It seems to me that
the committee which has been investigating the
subject and has it under consideration at this time
is the proper committee to take charge of the
•whole subject, and that is the reason why I think
this bill should go to the Military Committer.
Although the measure partakes of a commercial
character, and it might be very proper to give it
in charge to the Committee on Commerce, it also
partakes of a military character, and is put on both
grounds.
Mr. MORRILL. I make no allusion to the
bill whatever with any positive purpose. I have
no opinion as.to the characterof the bill. I sim-
ply make the suggestion. I now withdraw my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND LAKE MICHIGAN CANAL.
The bill (H. R. No. 322) to construct a ship-
canal for the passage of armed and naval vessels
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and
for other purposes, was read twice by us title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
621) making appropriations for the support of the
Military Acadcmy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1866, and agreed to the conference asked
for by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT was authorized to
appoint the conferees on the part of the Senate;
and he appointed Messrs. Howe, Harris, and
Hh&dricks.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
709) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1865, and agreed to the conference asked
for by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT was authorized to
appoint the conferees on the part of the Senate;
and he appointed Messrs. Clark, Grimes, and
Riddle.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of J. W.
Arnold andseveial othoi per diem clet ks employed
in the Washington navy-yard, who ptay that they
may be by law created permanent clerks. I be-
lieve that such petitions have hitherto been re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance at this ses-
sion, and 1 therefore move that this petition be
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of Ed-
ward McDonald Reynolds, praying that investi-
gation may be made into the causes of his dis-
missal fiom the bervice as captain in the Marine
corps; which was rcfeired to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY" presented the petition of mili-
tary oflieeis in the military service of the United
States, praying for an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committecon Military
Affaiis and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, residents on Maryland
avenue, east of the Capitol, praying for the un-
ptovenientof said avenue between the Capitol and
Camp Barry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
OttDKIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. "WILSON. I desire to take up a few mo-
ments of the tune of the Senate in the consideia-
tion of Senate bill No. 408.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope we shall be allowed
to make reports from committees.
Mr. WILSON". I have waited for four days
to take up this bill, which must be passed in ten
days if we are to act upon it at all. It is the bill
to amend the enrollment act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from com-
mittees are in order.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of the citizens of Yftungstown,
Ohio, praying that the railroad from Youngstown,
Ohio, to Sharon, Pennsylvania, maybe declared
a mail route,asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 413) to establish a cer-
tain post road, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a hill (S. No. 40?) to authorize the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and China, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William Hauling, praying for compensation for
services as a soldier in the war of 1812, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
i which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
426) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
section nine of the net approved July 17, 186'2,
entitled'An act to define the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses;' " approved April 9,18G4; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. WILSON". I now renew the motion to
take up Senate bill No. 408. I think we can dis-
pose of it in a few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would that displace the
resolution which was under consideration yester-
day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to any-
thing which will displace that measure. 1 am
willing that this bill shall be taken up if it does
not displace that, and it can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to take up this
bill now. I think we can dispose of it before one
o'clock. It will take probably buta few moments,
and it is of great importance, if it is ever to be
acted upon, that it should be acted on at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it?
Mr. WILSON. It is Senate bill No. 408, in
addition to the several acts for enrolling and
calling out the national foices, and for other pur-
poses. One or two provisions of it are of very
great importance; and as the draft is to take place
in the middle of this month, I considerit of much
more importance than the question concerning the
counting of the Presidential votes. In my opin-
ion, it is of more consequence now to get soldiers
than to do anything else, for I understand that
what is going on at the present time has stopped
enlistments all over the country, and it may be to
our disadvantage. I think we had better put our-
selves nj;ht.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the order of the day
can be inloimally laid aside for the purpose of
taking up this bill I will not object,
Mr. WILSON. I agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the sug-
gestion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the order of the day
can be informally laid aside so as not to lose its
place I will not object to a temporary interference
with it.
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion, that the
order of the day be laid aside informally with a
view to take up this bill.
The motion was agreed to,and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 408) m addition to the several
actv fot enrolling ai.d calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affatrs have reported the bill with an amendment
in the form of a substitute, and therefore 1 do not
think it necessaiy to read the original bill; and I
suggest, unless its reading be called for by some
Senator, that the substitute only be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the original bill will be dispensed with if theie be
no objection, and the amendment only be read.
The Chair heats no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike ou tall of the original bill after the enacting
clause and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That fioin and after the passage of ihi<? act, any person
enrolled and liable to he drafted, may be accepted as a^uh-
r-ntute (or a dialled poison, and such dialled peisori iliall
be exempt fiotn service lor such time as the Milwuute &liall
be held to service under the terms n( Jus enlistment.
^i-e.2. shirt be it fia thci euut/ci/, Th.it nn nei^ou owing
military service shall he exempted I torn liability to peitoria
the same ou account ot Juinifhing a s-ub^muto lor the
Navy, unless the substitute is prcM;utf-d m per-on to the
board of enrollment by winch the pi in ci pal ib enrolled, and
is accepted by said board oi eiuoliment.
Sec. 3. nd be it jurthei enacted, That any reoimting
agent, substitute brokei, oi oilier person, who >ltall enlist,
or cause to be enlisted, as a volunteer or substitute, any
insane person ot person in a condition of intoxication, oi
a deserter nom the imhtaiy oi naval service, knowing lnia
to be Mich, or who f-ba'l definud or deprive any volunteer
or substitute of any portion of the State, local, or United
States bounty to which he may be entitled, shall, upon
conviction by any court-martial or milltaiy comim-Mon, be
fined not exceed.ng &3,U00,or imprisoned not exceedmj;
two yoais, or uoih, at the discretion ot suwli court-iiwudi
or military commission.
