574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
CONDUCT OF TIIE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HALE. "While the Senator from Con-
necticut is perfecting his bill, I wish to ask the
Senate to take up a resolution of inquiry addressed
to the Secretary of the Navy, which 1 submitted
a few days ago.
The resolution was considered and agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate whether the argument of the judges
advocate on the trial of Franklin W. Smith has been printed
by order of the Navy Department, or any officer of that
branch of the service, and whether the same has been done
at the expense of the Treasury of the United States, how
large an edition of the same lias been published, and what
use has been made of the copies thus published. Also,
whether any commissioners, agents, or detectives have
been employed by the saul Navy Dopa tment,or any officer
thereof, since Januaiy 1, ISG4; if s>o, how many; what sum
or sums have been paid them; what instructions were given
to thfm verbally or m writing, cither by the tfocietury of
the Navy or the Assistant Secretary, and especially whether
any instructions were given to haul detectives or agent-,
or either of them, by said Secietaty or A>s.i>taut Secrctai y,
or by any one f Ke for them, or with the knowledge, advice,
or consent of either of them, to inrjmie into the conductor
business transactions of any member of either IIou e of
Congress; and aWo how much expend ha-* buen sncuued
by pucIi examinations, the particulars thereof, the fund
from which they have been paid, and the law authorizing
the same.
AGRICULTURAL PART OF CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the agricultural
part of the Census Repot t lor lSGObe punted lur the use oi
the Coiiiiiiib&iouui of Aguculture.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 359.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire what
the bill is.
Mr. HENDERSON. In answer to the inquiry
of the Senator from Illinois, I will say that it is
a bill which I attempted tlie other day to get be-
fore the Senate. It is a bill to reimburse the State
of Missouri for moneys expended for the United
States, which was made the special order for hist
Tuesday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cunnotconsent to that;
and as there is to be a wrangle about business, 1
must insist 
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senator will allow
my bill, winch was Uud aside informally, to bo
taken up
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objec-
tion to that, bat the Senator sees what is being
done.
Mr. DIXON. The bill to which I alluded was
laid aside informally, with the understanding
that it should come up again in five minutes. It
will not tnke long to pass it.
Ml. HENDERSON, I am exceedingly soi ly
that the Senator ii mti Illinois will not eon sent 
Mr. DIXON. 1 Miggest to the Chair that there
was a mailer already beI'ore the Senate which was
merely informally laid aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely; and the
Senator from Missouri moves to postpone it; that
is the question pending. 4
* Mr. DIXON. 1 hope it will not be postponed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire that the bill to
which I called attention shall be taken up. My
colleague who has been absent for the last week
is now present. The Senate will recollect the un-
successful elfoit that I made a few mornings ago
to get it up. if the Senate intend to consider the
bill, I want it considered now. The Senator
from Illinois says it will produce a wrangle, {ap-
prehend not. The Military Committee have re-
ported it unanimously, and I hope that it will be
taken up and acted on. I cannot see any objection
to it. It provides for the appointment oV com-
missioners to ascertain the accounts between the
State of Missouri and the United States for troops
called out by Federal officers, and not by the
State authorities. I do not ask adollar for troops
called out by the State. Our people have been
under arms very frequently under State author-
ity, and for that I do not ask a dollar; but they
have been called out by Federal officers, and I
desire that payment shall be made.
The Senator from Illinois says that he cannot
consent to the hill being taken up, and says it
very warmly and decidedly. I am sorry that the
Senator from Illinois, who seems to take entire
charge of the Senate this morning, cannot con-
sent. I will go over to see if I can procure his
consent; and, if I can succeed in doing so, it
really seems I may stand some chance of getting
the bill before the Senate. I do not see the use
of speaking in that kind of style. I do not trouble
the Senate often.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' I think that the remarks
of the Senator from Missouri are entirely uncalled
for, and entirely out of place. The Senator from
Missouri knows as well as I know that a subject
was under consideration yesterday. - He knows
as well as I do that it is the order of the day to-day,
and that several Senators have risen and asked to
have it laid aside informally, and, as I had charge
of the measure, appealed to me to consent to it.
He knows very well that-it is an every-day prac-
tice, when a memBer of the Senate is charged with
a bill and some small matter is interposed, to ask
that Senator to give his consent to let that matter
come in informally. It has been done this morn-
ing. When I said I could not consent to it, I
meant that having charge of the joint resolution
which is the order of the day, I considered it my
duty to press it to a vote. And for the Senator
to undertake to create an impression in the Sen-
ate or anywhere else that I was assuming lo con-
trol the Senate or to dictate as to its business is
not warranted by anything that has occurred. It
is uniust to mc, and unjust to himself, if he will
reflect.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator knows just
as well as I do that I would not do any injustice
to him. If nothing had been said, in all proba-
bility we could have passed the bill during the
morning hour; but a discussion has come up. Of
course the Senator's resolution will not be in
order until one o'clock, at the expiration of the
morning hour. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is entirely
mistaken; it is in order all the time; it was taken
up in the morning hourand is in order during that
hour. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume that as a mem-
ber of the Senate I have a right to call up the lull
to which 1 have refeired. I desire that it shall ho
acted upon by the Senate. If the Senate are dis-
posed to defeat the bill, they can do so. I now
move to postpone all prior orders and take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the pend-
ing motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a hill in which my
State is deeply interested, and I hope the Senate
will ta1<o it up and act upon it.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the bill which 1 called up
will be nroeeodod with. It will not take time.
Mr. P>ROWN. I ask leave to say a word or
two before the vote is taken on the motion of my
colleague. I should like to agree with the Senate
to take up this measure at this time and pass it.
It is a question in which we ate deeply mteiested,
m i e^a i (I to which tune is of more value to us than
it is with reference to any other measure now pend-
ing before the Senate. 1 do not see why objec-
tion should be maintained against taking it up
hete and now, when the bill with which it is
brought into antagonism is likely to be debated
for four or five days, and can certainly go over
without any prejudice. This bill, it will be re-
membered, was made the special order for three
days ago; when the time for the special order ar-
rived, it was passed over informally in some way,
and, although the Senate voted to take it up, it
was not done by some accident. I would request,
so far as I can have any influence with the Sen-
ate, that if they are desirous of passing this meas-
ure, which is a measure of great interest to the
State, they will take it up and do so now, so as
to give us an opportunity of having action in the
House of Representatives. Unless we can get it
acted upon here at an early stage of the session,
it will be impossible to obtain action there. I ask
for a division on the question of taking it up.
Mr. DIXON. ] will say to the Senator from
Missouri that I think he makes a mistake in at-
tempting to interpose to prevent the passage of |
the bill which was called up by me. It seems to
me it is unreasonable to delay the passage of that
bill. It was called up and partially acted upon
and then laid aside informally. In my judgment
it will not take five minutes to dispose of it. I
think it would have been passed long ago if the
Senator from Missouri had allowed us to go on
with it. I trust, therefore, the Senate will not
adopt the motion of the Senator from Missouri,
but will proceed witll the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire whether the
resolution of which the Senator from Illinois has
charge will not come up of its own force at one
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to say to the Senator
from Missouri that there is no bill that I would
more readily vote to proceed to the consideration
of than that which he desires the Senate to con-
sider this morning, except the measure that the
Senator from Illinois has in charge. I believe
nearly everybody agrees that something should
be done m regard to that subject between now and
next Wednesday. ♦
Mr. BROWN. I will state that I was not
present yesterday, and did not know what was
the pending matter before the Senate. 1 sup-
posed it was the local bill which has been before
us this morning.
Mr. GRIMES. I would vote most freely with
the Senator from Missouri to take up his bill in
preference to any local bill.
Mr. BROWN. If my colleague will consent,
I am willing to withdraw the motion for the time.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (El. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased;
A bill (II. R. No. 571) for the relief of Jethro
Bonney;
A bill (II. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands and improve-
ments of private citizens appropriated by the
United States for Indian reservations in the Ter-
ritory of Washington; and
A bill (li. R. No. 733) for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens, and John Naylor & Co.
REPRESENTATION IN ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the unfinished business
of yesterday now conies up. The joint resolu-
tion (LI. R. No. 126) declaring certain States not
entitled to representation in the Electoral College
is before the Senato as in Committee of the Whole,
the pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Tor Eyck]
to stiike out the word " Louisiana" from the
preamble.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the ques-
tion pending before the Senate will have no prac-
tical effect whatever in disposing of the result of
the presidential canvass. Whether the votes of
the States named in the preamble to thin resolu-
tion are counted in or counted out or not counted
at all, the result is not to be changed. So far,
therefore, as that question is concerned , this whole
discussion is perfectly immaterial. The action of
the Senate one way or the other has nothing to
do with the result.
But the honorable Senatorfrom Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] says that now is the time to fix the law
which shall perhaps have effect on some futuie
presidential canvass. Why the necessity of act-
ing upon it no w any more than at any time within
the next four years? There cannot be another
presidential canvass until four years from last fall.
Why this haste, and why the necessity now of
acting upon a matter which has no practical ref-
erence to the present canvass and can have no
reference to any other canvass for at least four
years to come. At any day of any session of
Congress from this time forward for four years,
we can just as well act on the question as we can
act on it now.
My honoiable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] says that for the good order of the conven-
tion when the Senate and House of Representa-
tives meet together to canvass these votes, he
thinks some legislation is necessary, for he says
that in 1857 when the Senate of the United States
under the presidency of Mason, of Virginia, went
into the House of Representatives, some proceed-
ings occurred there that were discreditable and
ridiculous, and that Mason, for some supposed
offense or other, undertook to take the Senate out
of the joint convention and marched out at the
