1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GtWM.
1341 
like description exceeding two hundred threads to the
square inch,counting the warp and filling, unbleached, five
cunts per square yard ; it' bloachcd, five and a half cents
per square yaid; it' colored, stained, painted, or printed,
five and a half cents per squaie yard, and in addition
thereto twenty per cent, ad valorem.
3. On all cotton jeans, denims, drillings*, bed-tickings,
ginghams, plaids, cottonades, pantaloon stuffs, and goods
of like description, or for similar use, if unbleached, and
not exceeding one hundred threads to the square inch,
counting the warp and filling, and exceeding live ounces to
the square yard, six cents per squaie yard; if bleached,
six cents and a half per square yard; If colored, stained,
painted, o** printed, six cents and a half per square yard,
and m addition thereto ten per cent, ad valorem. On finer
or lighter goods ot like descuption, not exceeding two hun-
dred tnreads to the s quaieinch,eountiug thewatpand fill-
ing,if unbleached,six cents per square yard; if bleached,
six and a half cents per square yard; if colored, stained,
painted, or printed, six and a half cents persquare yard, and
in addition thereto fifteen percent, ad valorem. On goods
of like description exceeding two liundied threads to the
square inch, counting the warp and filling, if unbleached,
seven cents per square yard; if bleached, seven and a half
cents per square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or
pi luted, seven and a half cents per square yard, and in ad-
dition theretofilteen percent.ad valorem: Frovided,That
upon all plain woven cotton goods not included in the lore-
going schedules, unbleached valued at over sixteen cents
persquare yard, bleached valued at over twenty ceuts per
square yaid, colored valued at over twenty-live cents per
square yard, and cotton joans, denim*, and drilling:?, un-
bleached, valued at over twenty cents per square yard, and
ail other cotton goods of every description, the value of
which shall exceed twenty-five cents per squat cyard, there
shall be levied,collected, and paid a dutyof thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem: And provided fur (her, That no cotton
goods having more than two hundred threads to the square
inch, counting the warp and filling, shall be admitted to a
less rate of duty than is provided l'or goods winch are of
that number of threads.
4. On spool thread of cotton,six cents per dozen spools,
containing on each spool not exceeding one hundred yards
of thread, and in addition thereto thirty per cent, ad va-
lorem ; exceeding one hundred yards, for every additional
hundred yaids of thread on each spool, or fractional part
thereof in excess of one hundred yards, six cents per dozen,
and thirty per cent, ad valorem. And on cotton thread or
yarn, when advanced beyond single yarn by twisting two
or more strands together, if not wound upon spools, four
cents per skein or hank of eight hundred and forty yards,
and thirty percent, ad valorem.
So that the section will read:
That section six of an act entitled " An act to increase
the duties on imports, and for other purposes," appioved
June 30, 1864, be amended so that paragraphs second, third,
and fourth of section six of said act shall read as lol-
lovvs, &c.
Mi*. CLARK. I only desire to say that this
amendment, though appearing to be a long one,
only draws out into form the House provision, so
that you can see upon its face what is the altera-
tion. The great complaint in regard to the tax
bill was the form in which the amendments to the
old law were drawn. This amendment simply
puts the proposition in the bill in form with a lit-
tle addition, L will say,atthe close, ofa tax upon
cotton thread, which was omitted in the old law.
The old law levied a tax upon spool cotton when
wound, but the importers, instead of winding
their cotton upon the spool import it in the
thread and wind it in this country; and it there-
fore becomes necessary to tax the thread. That
is all there is in it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquireof the
Senator from New Hampshire, as he stated that
this bill was rendered necessary by the passage
of the internal revenue bill, what particular feat-
ure of the internal revenue bill requires the adop-
tion of this section?
Mr. CLARK, I did not say the wholeof this
bill was rendered necessary by the passage of
that bill. I said the main features of it weie ren-
dered necessary by it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are the amendments printed ?
Mr. CLARK. They are not.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is impossible forus to un-
derstand them.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will turn to page
220 of the Laws of last session he will find that
this provision strikes out of paragraph second of
the old law these words, " exceeding one hun-
dred threads" in two places; for the reason that
cottons with less threads to the square inch than
one hundred were coming in under the old law,
by a decision of the Department, at one and a
quarter cent per yard. The English made a very
slazy (as we call it) kind of cotton, fine in thread,
but open, weighing less and having a less num-
ber of threads to the inch,and it came in at a duty
of one and a quarter cent per yard, and it took
away the manufacture of our own goods. That
is all the amendment accomplishes.
Mr. COLLAMER. This makes itmuch better.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir, very much better. It
was an omission in the former law, and it has
been construed against the manufacturers of this
country.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
eleven, to strikeout the word " skins" and insert
" skeins."
Mr. CLARK. That is merely verbal.
The amendment was sgreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
thirteen, to strike outu fifteen"and insert" ten;"
so that the clause will read:
On iron bars for railroads or inclined planes, ten cents
per one hundred pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words,
" nor by any act amendatory thereof," at the end
of section four; so that it will read:
Sec. 4. -And he UJurther enacted, That section fifteen of
an act entitled "An act increasing, temporarily, the du-
ties on Imports, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1862, be, and the same hereby is, amended so as to im-
pose a tax or tonnage duty of thirty cents per ton in lieu
of" ten cents" as therein mentioned : Provided, That the
receipts of vessels paying tonnage duty shall not be sub-
ject to the tax provided in section one hundred and three
of" An act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, nor by any actamend-
atoiy thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
seven, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be itfurther enacted, Thatso much of an act
entitled "An act to authorize protection to be given tocit-
izens of the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August 18, 1856, as prohibits the expoit
thereof, is hereby repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
•find be it further enacted, That so much of an act en-
titled "An act to authorize protection to be given to citi-
zens of the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August 18, 1856, as prohibits the export
thereof, is hereby suspended in relation to all persons who
have complied with the provisions of section second of said
act for two years from and after July 14, 1865.
Mr. CLARK. The House proposed to repeal
the section entirety, but we suspend it for two
years, as it has been done before.
Mr. HALE. Will my colleague explain to me
the necessity of continuing that prohibition ?
Mr. CLARK. When the act was suspended
two years ago, it was done because the southern
States, where the guano was sold, were in a state
of rebellion, and it was not sold, and they are now
in the same condition. The market for guano
was in the southern States; and the importers
were not allowed to export it after they brought
it here.
Mr. HALE. Why not repeal the law ?
Mr. CLARK. Because after two years it may
be desirable to have the law. We thought we
would let it be suspended for two years further.
The amendment was agreed to.
POHTAGE LAKE SHIP-CANAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morninghour
having expired, it becomes the duty of theChair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CLARK. What is the unfinished busi-
ness?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the bill (H.
R. No. 745) granting land to the State of Michi-
gan to aid in building a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point, Lake Superior.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is
entitled to the floor upon that hill, and was speak-
ing upon it when the Senate adjourned last night.
Mr. CLARK. We shall probablyget through
with the tariff bill in a very short time.
Mr. HOWARD. It will only take the time
consumed in reading this bill to pass it, I imagine.
I made an effort to get this bill before the Senate
when we adjourned last night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
read twice, and is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. I will say that that bill was held
over on an objection of mine, which I withdrew.
Mr.CLARK. It seems to me more important
to finish the tariff bill than to make a grant to a
railroad at this time. If the Senator will let me
finish that bill, I will interpose no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. It will take but a moment
of time, and I cannot yield the floor to allowany-
thing else to be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the bill of the
Senator from Michigan to be more important than
the tariff bill. It relieves the commerce5of the
northern lakes to a very large extent. I*appeal,
to the merits of the two bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate as in Committee of the-Whole, and if
no amendments be proposed it will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I will ask the Senator from
Michigan to explain it. Is ita large conveyance
of land? How much land?
Mr. HOWARD. Two hundred thousand acres
to make a ship-candl a mile and a half long,, the
use of which will obviate the voyage of the navi-
gation from Sault Ste. Marie to the head of ths
Juke, two hundred miles. It will be a saving of
two hundred miles on a single voyage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FARWELL. I do not propose to inter-
pose any objection to this bill, but I should like
to know whether it is a national interest, or
whether it is like the fishing bounties. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr, HOWARD. The bill speaks for itself.
It is a very important work, almost indispensable
to the navigation of the lakes.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
TARIFF BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No. 795)
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties upon
foreign importations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
now read the next amendment reported to the bill
by the Committee on Finance.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out the tenth section of the bill, in the
following words:
Sec. 10. .And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy he, and he is heteby, authorized to increase
to any sum, not exceeding §1,500, the salary or compensa-
tion of any deputy collector of customs whose compensa-
tion is now limited by law to a lower sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as a new section:
And be itjurlher enacted, That the eighth section of the
act of March 28, 1864, " to extend the warehousing system
by establishing private bonded warehouses, and foi other
purposes." winch authorize* the Secretary of the Treasury
in ca^e of the actual injury or destruction of goods, ware-*,
or merchandise by accidental fne or casualty while in
warehouse under bond, &c., to abate or refund the duties
paid or accruing thereon, be extended so as to include
goods, wares, or merchandise injured or destroyed in like
manner while m the custody of the officers of customs
and not in bond, and also to goods, wares, and merchan-
dise so injured or destroyed after tficir artiv.d within the
limits of any poit of cntiy of the United States and before
the same have been landed under the supeivision of the
officers of the customs: fowled, That this act shall ap-
ply only to cases arising from and after its passage, and W
cases where the duties have not already been paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I believe that is the lastamend-
ment reported from the committee. I offer the
following section, to come in between sections
five and six, to perfect the amendment in the first
part of the bill:
And he it further enacted, That there shall be hereafter
collected and paid on all goods, wates, and merchandise of
the giowth or produce of coun tues east of the Cape of Good
llope, exccpt raw cotton and raw silk as reeled from the
cocoon or not further advanced than tram, thrown, or oi-
ganzine, when imported from places wett ot the Capo of
Good Hope, a duty often per cent.ad valorem in addition
to the duties imposed on any such articles when imported
directly from the place oi places of their growth or produce.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to hear an ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. CLARK, i will explain it to the Senator.
If he will turn his attention to the first section of
the House bill, lines eleven and twelve, he will see
that the House proposed after the words " raw
cotton" to insert "and raw silk as reeled from
the cocoon or not further advanced than tram,
thrown, or organzine.,> I have drawn the sec-
tion out and inserted the words, that is all; and
the reason of it is, that at the iabt session the Sen-
ate and House both agreed to the insertion of
these words, but the engrossing clerk left them
out by mistake. This amendment is only to cor-
rect that mistake, and to diaw out the amendment
of the House so that these words will be in the
law. *
The amendment was agreed to.
