1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
head of some Senators, they following him two
and two, presenting a ridiculous? aspect to the
country and the civilized world. They wentout
amid the jeers of all who were present, my friend
says.
But 1857 was an exceptional case. We have
had eighteen joint conventions of the Senate and
House of Representatives: did my friend from
Ohio ever hear of any discreditable proceedings
on any other occasion than in 1857? Never.
Have wc no confidence in ourselves; have we no
confidence in the Senate of the United Statesand
the House of Representatives, that they can sit
in joint convention and yet not be guilty of any
breaches of decorum or gentlemanly conduct?
Are we to suppose that now the Senate of the
United States has Mason of Virginia to preside
over it? We know who is the Presiding Officer
of the Senate, and we know the Senate; we know
the House; and we have as much confidence in
them as was felt in any House, or in any Senate,
or in any Presiding Officers of either of the two
bodies from the beginning of the Government. 1
have a<? much confidence in the present Piesiding
Officers to keep order and decorum in these pro-
ceedings as 1 have in any of the Presiding Officers
of these two Houses from the beginning of the
Government to the present time.
Mi. President, I said yesterday that in my opin-
ion Congress has no power in its legislative capa*
city,acting as we me now acting, to declare in rela-
tion to votes thut have already been given, that
those voles are null and void. Sir, the question is
not before us; the votes are not before us; and we
cannot act on those voles to ratify or to annul them.
The votes were given by "the electors of the.sev-
eial Slates, sealed up under the provisions of the
Constitution, and sent to the President of the
Senate, the seals unhioken, and there is no power
that has the right to break them until he meets the
joint convention of the two Houses, and then,
'under the constitutional provision, they are to be
opened in their presence, and I say that it is usur-
pation on the pai t of Congress to undertake to act
upon those votes which are scaled up ftom them,
and which they have no power to look at, either
to affirm their validity or to declare them null.
I maintain, too, sir, that it is a most dangerous
precedent for Congress to undertake to speak of
votes that have already been given declaring them
to be null and void, it is possible, as I said be-
fore, that by some legislation in advance of the
giving of those votes Congress might make pro-
vision by law on this subject. L have some doubts,
however, in relation to that; but upon that ques-
tion I shall not occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate. I said yesterday oil Idesuedto say in regard
to it. But, sir, 1 shall come now to the imme-
diate question, the one pending, the question of
Louisiana, which the Senator from INew Jersey
moves as an exception to the other States that are
mentioned in this resolution.
And first of all, the interest which I feel in this
question it; because, in my judgment, the resolu-
tion of the Senate upon this incidental question
expresses its opinion upon the validity or the in-
validity of the constitution adopted by the people
of Louisiana. Believing, as 1 do, that that is a.
most important question; believing, as 1 do, that
it is wholly unnecessary for us now m this in-
cidental way to enter upon the discussion and
decision of that question, ] think it is unwise to
press this resolution at the present moment. But,
sir, the question seems to be raised, and gentle-
men express their opinion upon it; and 1 propose
to call the attention of the Senate to some points
involved in it, and to some of the facts bearing
on the validity of this present constitution of
Louisiana. And what are the facts r The Sen-
ator 11 oni Kentucky [Mr. Powell] declares that
this election of the people of Louisiana was car-
ried by military power, by military authority,
and is the resultof military "dictation and military
despotism over the people of Louisiana. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] responds to this
with all his heart. He says it is a meie military
dictation, a military election, and, more than all,
he says it is a miserable farce.
Mi. Piesideut, we look upon a strange spec-
tacle here when the two extremes in this body
come together m this way. One would suppose
that Pilate and Herod had joined hands both to
attack the Administration in its policy on this
subject, and to see if they could crucify the free
State of Louisiana. Sir, let us look at the facts
of this case, stiip off a little of this passionate
declamation, and come down to the naked truth.
On the 22d day of February a year ago an elec-
tion was held at which there were cast eleven
thousand four hundred and fourteen votes for
this constitution of Louisian^. But the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator from Ohio say it
was the military authorities that controlled tins
election in Louisiana. Sir, I take issue with them
upon the fact. It is not true that the military au-
thorities controlled the election. The election was
fixed for the 22d day of February, says General
Banks.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator tell me who
authorized the election for a convention; who
initiated it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. General Banks issued his
order notifying tin; people of the State of Louisi-
ana to hold an election. 1 am speaking of that
election.
M r. WADE. Let me inquire if the request of
a military commander in such a case is not just
about equal to a command. Is there any real
difference?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall have occasion be-
fore I finish my remarks to discuss this quest'on
in the aspect of what my friend calls a military
despotism over the people of Louisiana, and I
think 1 shall be able to satisfy him even, although
it is a great undertaking to do it, that the only
possible mode m \v hicii a military goverrmientcan
be surrendered to the civil administration of the
people of a State must be that the initiative shall
be taken in the fiisf. instance by the governor in
military command inviting the people in their
civil capacity to enter upon the election.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I would like to ask him a question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is a question bear-
ing on this subject I have no objection; but I
propose to submit some observations on the sub-
ject and the Senator can reply when I get through.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator has indicated
that the Senator tiom Ohio and the Senator from
Kentucky were incorrect in saying that there was
military interference. I ask the Senator whether
the military authorities did not prescribe the
qualification of voters. Did they not assume by
military orders to alter (he constitution of Louisi-
ana and prescribe different qualifications for vot-
eis from those fixed by that instrument?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that point the consti-
tution of Louisiana was adopted as the itile pie-
sciibmg the qualifications of voters, with this ex-
ception, that the citizens of Louisiana who had
enlisted into the armies of the United States were
permitted to vote. The only change, the only
alteration was, not that citizens of other States
were permitted to vote, but thateitizens of Louisi-
ana who had enlisted into the Army and were then
serving in Louisiana, shall be entitled to vote.
Mr. POWELL. I call the Senator's attention
to the fact that General Banksstates in this papei
that they weie required to take the oath prescribed
in the Piesident's amnesty proclamation of De-
cember 8, 18G3, and that of itself was presciibing
a qualification of voters different fiom the. pro-
senption made by the constitution and laws of
Louisiana.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read what General
Banks says:
" The Ohler iclatnig to the election is herewith inclosed.
Jtw.b fixed tor lae 22d day oi Pebiuaiy. Thiee candidates
were |)>(^ont>'d, ;uid llio canvn--; \\m- gener.il and -pint'd,
each p.n fy -unaming iN candidates, bv public* meetings-, pie-
ei-eiv in the same inannei a> in a ^tate uiiallected by the
rc volution.
lib ven thnu-nncl four hundred and fourteen votes weic
polled ;if flu- election.
"The averse vote Jm ten year-* pieviou-. to ihe tebelUott
in thes-e park-iiCb \v;u h'U on to bixleen thousand.*'
Eleven thousand four hundred and fourteen vot-
ing now where there were but fifteen or sixteen
thousand before the rebellion began.
" In this election no pew.n voted who was nof by the
constitution and laws of Louisiana a votei, except one ela^
of persons. 'J'he-e weie the *nl<u, h \\ Im. citizens of
\\ Lou wan,t, had enli-ted in ihc iu mien ot ihe United States
|j ,c \ piovi-ion i.l ihe eon-aitution pioiubiu'd men erih>ted
i! in the A tiny or \Ta\ y fiom voting. It wa* in idei stood to be
! tie* intention of thi.-'pinw-ion or the eon-nruuou that -ol-
diei -3 or - :ulo]< should not become v op-i - under ;> mere i e>i-
denee in the State while uudei older- as soide-i- or -allot--.
While it would be peilVetlj ju-t that a citizen oi ait-
olhei State in into Louisiana undernnlitaiy oidei-. should
not be permitted to gain a residence u hde acting under these
orders, it was not thought to be just that a citizen who en-
listed in the Army of the United States for the defense of
hi^own State tdiuuli! be deprived by such enlistment of the
rusht of sufiuige, It was thought thaiany Legislature of the
State would change that piovi&ion, and tne eider of election
directed die change upon tins principle."
That was the only change that was made by
military authority, a change authorizing citizens
of Louisiana who had enlisted in the Army of the
United States in Louisiana to vote. We have
done the same thing in Wisconsin, in Ohio, in
Pennsylvania, in New York, all growing out of
exigencies which have occurred since this rebel-
lion began, passing laws authorizingmen,akhough
in the Army of the United States, still to take part
in the elections, providing that they should not
be deprived of their rights of citizenship because
they had enlisted in the Army to bear all the sac-
rifices winch are necessary to defend their coun-
tiy in this struggle. And, sir, J maintain that
there was nothing wrong in this. But even if it
were wrong:, it did not affect .the result in the
slightest degree, for there were only eight hun-
dred and eight of all the soldiers who voted. Out
of eleven thousand four hundred and fourteen
voters, I say to the Senator from Ohio but eight
hundred and eight soldiers voted; and do you
complain of this as a military election and held
under military dictation? Was the election car-
ried by soldiers' votes or by military power and
military authority? These soldiers who voted
did not all vote one way; a part of the soldiers
voted on one side and a part voted on the other.
They voted with peifect freedom, withoutany re-
straint or constraint whatever. Thereare nearly
ten thousand persons enlisted in the Army ofihe
United States from Louisiana, including both
whites and blacks. General Hanks says:
'-Of tlie^c, in the election of the *22d of Febiuaiy,eight
humhed and eight M>khei  andbailois voted at the dilleient
rmiit.uy po-t-.
"A s-epmate iegi>try i>> made of their voles, a copy of
which i-> with the Committee ol Elections of the House of
Representatives."
lie says further:
" I do not believe that five hundred personsvoted in this
election of the 2*2d of l-Ybiuniy who weie not citizens of
the Stati' pievioii'- to the i ebelhon. and every candidate lor
othee uas either a native, of the State or had been identi-
fied with its public all.uis tor fnteen or twenty year*."
It was no imported election into the State of
Louisiana. It was noelection by soldiers or sail-
oi a who were under the authoi ity of any military
commander imported into ihe State of Louisiana.
It was only the people of Louisiana and the sol-
diers of Louisiana who were voting upon the
adoption of a constitution for themselves. All
these chaises of military usuipation and military
dictation, and that it was a mere farce, fall to the
ground together. They are not true.
I\or was it an election contiolled by Federal
office-holders. What General Banks says is true,
that the Federal office-holders of Louisiana, civil
or military, did not assume to exercise so much
influence upon the result of the election in Lou-
isiana as they do in New York, Massachusetts,
and every other State in the Union where Federal
officers arc appointed. Allow me to read from
his statement again on that subject:
Neither o( tlioe elections were controlled hv the offi-
cers of the Govei uinent,civil or niihtaiy. On the contraiy,
the influence of the ofTicet-- ol the Govei inm-iit, both civil
and niihtaiy, was mdiilereut, it not iio.-tile, h/the oigam-
zauon."
Wc all know that the officers who were ap-
pointed in Louisiana under the control of one of
the Departments of this Govei nnient, taking a cer-
tain ground, as they did , in the affairs of Louisi-
ana, looked lather witl* hostility than with friend-
ship upon the effoitat the reorganization of that
State and the construction of its free constitution,
and accoidingly we find that—
"The resistiar of voters states that of one Inmdi ed and
i; twenty per-ons ciriplojed in one department of the Treas-
! mv offices only twent\-fivc voted loi ot against ihe abo-
lition of slavery in tiie election of the 5 th ot September."
How much interest did the office-holders in the
State of Louisiana take in attempting to get up
this State organization, which the Senator from
Ohio denounces as a miserable farce, and which
Ij the Senator from Kentucky says was a military
i! usurpation? They did nothing at all. General
'! Banks says again :
J 4' And in each of tne genci al elections the soldiers who
! voted followed then own inclination-*, as shown by the
| recoid. voting for or auam-t the difieient candidates and
con-tituuon as they elios-e."
Does this show that there was a command of
some military officer requiringacertain constitu-
