1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMS
matter. Our ships are unable to go abroad and
buy their chains and anchors.
Mr. CLAllK. They go abroad and buy many
of iheir chains.
Mr. FARWELL. They must have a chain
and anchor before they go, unless they go in tow
of a steamer. An anchor is of no use without a
chain.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, yes; it is.
Mr. FARWELL. Go to sea without an an-
chor and without a chain!
Mr. CLARK. Oftentimes with a cable. I
have known it done repeatedly.
Mr. FARWELL. The fact is, the only place
to get these chains is at the provinces. Now,
take the case of a vessel going down to St. John.
If shecan buy her chains in Boston or New York
by paying only one cent a pound more, which
would amount to eight or nine hundred dollars,
she wilt buy them there; but if you are going to
make her pay twenty-five hundred dollars more for
her chains in Boston or New York than she can
buy them for in St. John, she will hire a tug-boat,
and go withotitchains and anchors and be towed
to St. Johji, run alongside the wharf, and buy
her chains and anchors there, and then the Gov-
ernment will get no^uty; whereas we might,
and probably would, get the duty of one cent a
pound if it was imposed. We have just raised
the tonnage duty on vessels from ten to twenty
cents a ton, which will give at least three or four
hundred thousand dollars revenue to the Govern-
ment. I believe that to be right; and if the com-
mittee will put it at fifty cents a ton and strike
out all these little annoying, petty charges that
are beingcollected by these internal revenue folks,
and let the fifty cents per ton be paid upon the
arrival of the ship from the foreign port right
into the custom-house, where it would cost the
Government nothing to collect, where it would
come in a gross sum, with no assessors, no col-
lectors, no charge anywhere, then they would be
acting like men who know something about this
kind of business. The custom-houses have the
charge of ships. A ship cannot move without
jts being known at the custom-house. She can-
not go from one port to another without going to
the custom-house and getting a permit to go. She
can escape no portion of the charges that are pro-
vided to be collected there. But if it is left to
these assessors, it will depend upon whether they
attend to their duties or not whether we get the
sum assessed. '
Mr. CLARK. That question is not before the
Senate now.
Mr. FARWELL. I know it is not; but it is
proper perhaps for me to say that the committee
have increased the tax on vessels by raising it
from twenty to thirty cents a ton, and to allude
to that as a reason why you can afford to take off
this tax from the chains when it does not inter-
fere with any manufacture in this country,and is
a direct tax upon this class of property.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FARWELL. I should like to have a
division upon it. I believe it is right. It is the
only amendment that I propose to offer.
Mr. HALE. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLARK. A division will accomplish the
objectof securing a quorum, if Senators will vote.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 12.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move to strike out lines
thirteen and fourteen, on page 2 of the bill, in the
following words:
On iron bars for railroads or inclined planes, ten cents per
one hundred pounds.
I only wish to say that the bill as it came from
the House put an additional duty of fifteen cents
per hundred pounds on railroad iron and iron of
that character. The Senate committee have re-
duced it to ten cents. That is an addition to the
duty already imposed. I think the duty should
be stricken out entirely. I say so for three rea-
sons. Perhaps one good reason is sufficient; but
there are two or three reasons why I think it
should be stricken out.
In the first place, the present duty is sixty cents
per hundred pounds in gold. That is equal to
some thirteen dollars per ton in gold. If the
amendment.as it came from the House prevails,
those who import iron will have to pay sixteen
dollars a ton in gold. This large tariff is not ne-
cessary for the protection of the American mills.
It is sufficient, perhaps, on that point to say
that the American mills during the last sum-
mer were running to their utmost capacity, and
manufactured three hundred and fifty tju>usand
tons of American iron, which was not nroie than
was necessary to repair the old roads; but they
have been able to make a dividend among them-
selves of one hundred per cent. It is the most
profitable manufacturing in this country. They
do not need a further protection of fifteen cents
or ten cents per hundred pounds. If the Ameri-
can manufacturers needed it for their support I
would give it to them. I prefer my own coun-
try and my own people to any other country or
people. But, sir, the present tax of sixty cents
per hundred pounds, which is equal in our cur-
rency to $1 20 per hundred pounds, is such a
protection to iron manufucturing in this coun-
try that it almost entirely excludes the importa-
tion of foreign iron. There has been within the
last year but very little imported. If this rebel-
lion is to be suppressed, as I hope in God itsoon
will be, all the railroads in the country must be
repaired, and especially in the southern country.
Five hundred thousand tons will not more than
repair the railroads of the country that have been
wasted and destroyed by the exigencies of this war,
and the American manufacturers cannot produce
that amount in a year; they have not the capacity
to do it. It would take them three years to put
up the mills and get the machinery running to
enable them to mdke that amount of iron in a
year.
If we leave the duty as it now is, atsixty cents
per hundred pounds, italmost amounts to prohi-
bition, as one dollar of gold is worth two of cur-
rency; but if we increase it to seventy cents it
will be quite that. I know the Senator from
New Hampshire and the Finance Committeeare
after revenue, with what protection they can give
incidentally; but if you look at the returns you
will see what the duty of sixty cents per hun-
dred pounds in gold has done this year. There
has been almost nothing imported, except what
was under old contracts made before ourcurrency
became inflated. There were some contracts that
had to be fulfilled; and that iron has come over this
year; but no new contracts have been made. If
you put ten cents more in gold upon iron you
will get none imported, unless the companies are
obliged from some overruling necessity to have
iron, and consequently have to go abroad and pay
a price such as never was paid before, higher than
has ever been paid in this country for railroad
iron. You cannot buy iron inNewYork to-day
short of |110 a ton, and that is the lowest. We
used to pay foyy dollars per ton for it. If you
lay this additional duty upon it now, reduced to
currency, it will be equal to what we used to pay
for the iron itself.
For these reasons, in view of the great demand
there must be for this article during the next two
or three years, in view of the fact that we cannot
import it, as the tariff no^y stands, at sixty cents
per hundred pounds, I ask to have this clause
stricken out and let the law stand as it is. I know
very well that we have imposed a tax of ten cents
per hundred pounds on the American manufac-
turer by the tax bill, but that is no excuse why we
should add ten cents on the hundred pounds upon
the foreign importation; because the American
manufacturer can make the iron and pay that
tax, and still have a profit of seventy-five per
cent, on his capital, the largest percentage that
any manufacturer can make in this country.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask the attention of Sen-
ators to this point for a few moments. This was
one of the points to which I alluded where an
increase of duty was made necessary by the ad-
ditional internal revenue duty. At the last ses-
sion the House of Representatives fixed the tax
upon railroad iron at eighty cents per hundred
pounds. The bill came to the Senate, and the
Committee on Finance struck it down to seventy
cents. It had previously been sixty cents per
hundred pounds; and while we were increas-
ing the duty upon almost every oilier foreign ar-
ticle, by the action of the House and the Sen-
ate the duty upon railroad iron was relained at
sixty cents per hundred pounds, and was not
increased. At this session we have increased the
internal duty to be paid upon this class of manu- '
facture one fifth. Formerly it paid five per cent.,
but now, by the action of the tax bill, should? it.--
become a law, they wMl be compelled'tb pay^JK*,,
The Senate committee only desire ihatyouShoBltfi
put a corresponding duty upon the foreign larticle -
with that that you put upon your domesticarti-'s
cle. The mills have been running for the'past •
year in the country upon that basis; and I swb* ( '
mit to Senators whether it would be fair and right <
to the producers and just to the country to,in-
crease the duty on your own product* and still '
let it be the same upon the foreign.product. 5 • -
Mr. President, from the best information thttt
the committee had there have been importedintd
the country during the past year of foreign iron
about one hundred and eighty-five thousand tons; '
and that information comes to the committee from
people who are opposed to this increase, from rail-
road men who desire to have this importation as
the law now stands, for the purposes of their own
roads. The committee thought it to be right that
we should impose this additional duty. We
thought the House had got ita little too high, and ■
therefore struck it down one third, and propose
to leave it at ten cents per hundred pounds addi-
tional. It is a duty, let me say, which many of
the roads can well afford to pay; and I do rioi
think, while we are so generous to many roads !
m the West, and they are the main roads now
being built, in giving them the land for the build* '
ing of their roads, they should ask us to deprive >
the country of the revenue necessary to jrfipport
the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will allow rtie
to remind him of the fact that the roads to which
he alludes are obliged to use the iron of Ameri- .
can manufacture. I am not speaking for any
roads in the West.
Mr. CLARK. They have all had subsidies
from Congress.  
Mr. POMEROY. Some of them have had.
Mr. CLAllK. The Senator understands very
well that if you allow the foreign article to come
in and compete with American iron it strikes down -
the American iron necessarily. They must go
up or down together. If there is an importation '
going on, and if the roads take foreign iron and
use it at a less price, the American production
will go down to an equality with the foreign ar-
ticle. Such are the laws of trade.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to aslc him whether it is the sense of the com- •
mittee that this additional duty is necessary asa 1
measure of protection to the home manufacturers -
of iron ?
Mr. CLARK. The'committee were of the
opinion that it would not be safe to impose a lower
duty. While some portion of the committee
wanted the higher duty which the House had laid
upon the article, the majority of the committee,
if I may be permitted to speak of the doings of
the committee, were for putting it at ten cents.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question: were the committee informed '
that a great many of these iron manufacturers had".
already been stricken down in this country?
Mr. CLARK. No; we had no such informa-
tion. We understood the business had been a
prosperous business; and we were rejoiced that
it had been a prosperous business.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator spoke of the
liability of these manufacturers of railroad iron
being stricken down.
Mr. CLARK. If the tax is removed on the
foreign article,and you tax them on the domestic
product, they would be stricken down; but as it
is now they are not stricken down.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any liability of their
being stricken down if there is no increase in the
tariff?
Mr. CLARK. The committee thought there
might be an injury.
Mr. GRIMES. So as to stop their establish-
ments?
Mr. CLARK. We cannot say whether their
establishments will be compelled to stop or not.
Some might stop and some might not stop. It
would depend somewhat on the skill with which
they were managed. But the committee rejoiced,
and 1 think the country will rejoice, to know that
this kind of manufacture is profitable with other
classes of manufacture; and I think the more pros-
perous it is, within a certain range, the more tile
prosperity of the country will be increased. It.
is desirable for us that this manufacture should
