1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March ^
o.
increase by the profit of the business until we can
manufacture all our iron in this country. It is
plain now that we cannot manufacture as much as
we want. Why not let us go on increasing the
manufacture in our own country by keeping this
duty on the foreign article until we can take the
ore from our own soil and employ our own labor
to make it into iron and to roll it for the purposes
of the railroad, and use all our own product.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator certainly must
be aware of the fact that we have not during the
last year imported fifty thousand tons.
Mr. CLARXC. One hundred and eighty thou-
sand tons.
Mr. POMEROY. A little less than fifty thou-
sand. I quote from the Railroad Journal, pub-
lished in New York.
Mr. CLARK. My information is quite as good
as the Railroad Journal.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Where does the honorable
member get his information?
Mr. CLARK. I get it from railroad men, who
. are engaged in importing this iron.
Mr. JOHNSON. Manufacturers?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; importers, and men
who want to import it.
Mr. POM EROY. Has any bod y published such
a statement?
Mr. CLARIv. I do not know that it has been
published. I do not know that it would be any
more true if ft were.
Mr. POMEROY. They would not be likely
to publish what was not true.
Mr. CLARK. They publish a great many j
things that are not true, for the very purpose of
gaining their own ends.
Mr. POMEROY. The fact is, that according
to the statistics of New York, we have imported
less than fifty thousand tons; and that was on old
contracts. The reason why we cannot import
under the law as it now is, is because we have to
pay not only in gold for the iron, but the exchange
is eight or ten per cent, above gold; and then the
tariff.
Mr. CLARK. The committee took into con- i
sideration the fact that this duty was paid in gold
when they struck it down from fifteen to ten cents;
and I think the information we have before the
committee on the subject of importation, if the
Senator will allow me to say it, is quite as reliable j
as the infoimation he has got. Can the Senator j
tell me whether that journal is in the interest of
the importerorthe manufacturer? Doesheknow ,
anything about the character of the men who pub- j
hsh it, or who make it up? I
Mr. POMEROY. YeS, sir; I know them very j
well. This information is taken from the statis- i
tics of tiie Board of Trade of New York city, J
from the custom-house returns in New York. j
Mr. CLARK. Butevenifl were to admit that !
to be true, aie all the importations made at the j
custom-house in New York? j
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator where else
has iron been received from Europe except at
New York?
Mr. CLARK. I have no information on that
point; 1 have not traced it out; but I have the in-
foimation of the men that I know, men of intelli-
gence, men operating in this very business, whose
interest it is to have the railroad iron come in with
a low duty, and to import as largely as possible,
and they said that amount of tons had been im-
ported.
Mr. POMEROY. One hundred and eighty
thousand?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir, one hundred and
seventy-five 01 one hundred and eighty thousand.
Now, Mr. President, I do not propose to de-
tain the Senate any longer, because time is pre-
cious at this period of the session; but I hope
that this duty will not be reduced. Let me say
one word in addition. We have been manufac-
turing now very successfully in all departments
of our manufactures for two or three years; but,
in niyjutlgment, as this rebellion goes down and
prices fall,the manufacturers are to have a iiarder
time than they have seen for years, and it is
necessary for you to stand by the protection you
give them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This subject, I recollect,
was very fully discussed at the last session of
Congress in the Senate, and the decision of the
Senate was that sixty cents was quite a sufficient
tax to bo imposed upon railroad iron, iu view of \
the great importance of the construction of rail-
roads in the country, and especially in view of
the policy of the United States, which is to en-
courage the construction of railroads in the North-
west and m the West. With one hand we grant
lands to^id the States in the construction of im-
portant Imes of railway, and with the other hand
we undertake to make the railroad iron cost these
very States and companies a largely increased
price; and in the very law in which you make
the grant of the lands to these States you require
the completion of the road within a limited time.
I concede that Congress has been liberal in ex-
tending the time. But, sir, it seems to me the
decision of the Senate at the last session was a
wise one, that we would not in one direction en-
courage an enterprise and in another direction
embarrass it.
1 am very glad the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has made the speech which he has just con-
cluded. When this bill was called up i felt it to
be my duty to ask him, as the representative of
the committee urging the passage of the bill, why
it was proper at this late hour of the session, when
it was impossible for us outsiders to understand
the bill, to urge the passage of so important a
measure. His reply was, and the only answer
that he gave so far as I now recollect was, that
the passage of the internal revenue bill had made
a modification of the tariff law necessary. I in-
tended to ask him during the course of the debate
to illustrate that proposition of his by reference
to particular provisions in this bill. Hehasnow
done it. He says this tax on railroad iron is one
of the taxes made necessary by the internal reve-
nue law. How does that stand ? By the inter-
nal revenue law, I understand, we have increased
the tax upon the manufacturer of railroad iron
one per cent. We have carried it up from five
to six per cent, upon his production; and that is
an increased tax of one per cent, in the currency
of the country. To meet that, to compensate the
manufacturer for his one per cent., we provide in
this bill to add ten cents in gold, twenty cents
in paper, upon every hundred pounds of railroad
iron that is imported. 1 understand this bill now,
sir; and I ask western Senators to understand it
too. Themanufacturerintends, through this bill,
to compensate himself for the increased tax of
one half per cent, in gold by an increase upon the
imported article of twenty cents in paper upon
every hundred pounds of railroad iron.
I do not know whether it is profitable to discuss
this bill at all. I presume the power that brings
it before the body can carry it through; but I wish
Senators to understand what compensation to the
manufacturer the Senator from New Hampshire
says this bill intends to provide; and then, if east-
ern Senators who represent large manufacturing
interests, think this is fair to western interests,
and if western Senators are willing to agree to it,
all well.
The Senator says that this particular item is an
illustration of the policy of the bill. One half of
one per cent, in gold is the increase upon the
home manufacturer, and the compensation is ten
cents in gold for every hundred pounds of rail-
road iron that is brought into the country. What
the Senator from Kansas has stated upon the au-
thority of a high journal of the country shows
that the tax already imposed upon railroad iron
brought in is a prohibitory law substantially.
During the last year less than fifty thousand tons
have been imported; so that our lailroad com-
panies are at the mercy of the manufacturers in
this country.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will indulge
me a moment, since making that statement I have
conversed with the gentleman who compiled the
information from the statistics of New York—as
reliable a man as there is in the country—and he
says the importation last year was less than forty
thousand tons.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Forty thousand tons
brought in from abroad. As the Senator from
Kansas informs me, thatwill construct about forty
miles of railroad. The policy of the Senator fiom
New Hampshire is to allow a foreign competition
to the extent of furnishing railroad iron to build
forty miles of railroad, and all the other railroad
interests of the country are to he placed at the
mercy of the manufacturers of this country. I do
not question that these manufacturers are very
fair dealers, high-minded gentlemen; but it is
human nature to make whatever can be made out
of legitimate trade. Does the Senator from New
Hampshire say that this is a revenue measure?
No Senator is more earnest m his appeals to the
body to secure revenue; and yet, with a tariff that
is prohibitory, or substantially so, upon this im-
portant article, he asks that it shall be made en-
tirely so; that ten cents to the hundred pounds
shall be added, in gold, upon every hundred
pounds that are imported into the country. If
sixty cents in gold, $1 20 in paper money, is sub-
stantially a prohibition, what will seventy cents
in gold, $1 40 in paper, be under this prohibition ?
It will be entirely prohibitory, and no revenue
will be the result. This legislation is not intended
for revenue, 1 have a right to say—and I have
a right to say it because the present law cuts off
revenue—but is intended to enable the manufac-
turers in this country to tax the enterprise of the
Northwest at their pleasure. No money comes
into the Treasury from this duty, but it goes into
the coffers of the manufacturers. In a time like
this, when we need revenue, when we need to
build up the channels of commerce, to reconstruct
them, when we ought to open up a^far as pos-
sible all the northwestern and western country to
a market, is it policy to tax that which is indis-
pensable for these high pui^cses?
Mr. President, I am not m a condition to-day
to discuss this bill, and regret very much that it
is forced upon the Senate. I do not believe that
the bill ought to pass; and especially do I not
think this provision ought to pass. After a full
discussion at the lastsession it was negatived; and
now, upon the showing, it intends to make that
which is substantially prohibitory entirely so.
Mr. CLARK. I have but a word or two in
reply. I beg the Senator from Indiana, in the
first place, to remember that we have both reve-
nue from importations and revenue from manu-
factures. If you admit your foreign importation
at a low rate of duty, possibly you may get more
importation, but you strike down your domestic
manufacture, from which you get your five per
cent. You have got to adjust the one to the other,
so as to get the largestamountof revenue, if you
can, from both. When the manufacturers paid
five percent, duty on their manufactures, the tariff
on railroad iron was sixty cents a pound. If
you carry up the five per cent, to six per cent.,
you should make the tariff of sixty cents seventy-
two cents to correspond; but in consideration of
the fact that the duty on importation is paid in
gold, we strike it down to seventy cents; and we
simply desire to protect as well as tax. I assure
the Senator we do not desire to take anything
from the pockets of the Northwest. We in the
East pay the taxation upon manufactures in the
first instance, derived in a great extent from all
the people; but I beg the Senator to remember
that we are but one people. If we do not flourish
at the East, they will not at the West. If they do
not at the West we shall not at the East. Let us
look at the whole thing, for the whole country,
without any thought in our mind in favor of one
against the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But one word in reply.
The Senatorfrom New Hampshire suggests that
if we lose the duty upon the imported article we
get it from the manufacturer in the production;
but what is that? Six per cent., which would be
perhaps foity-eight cents in paperupon onehun-
dred pounds of railroad iron; while, under the
existing tariff law, we would receive sixty cents
in gold, one hundred and twenty cents in paper,
upon the imported article. There is the difference
as a financial measure.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator stop there?
Does he think of all the people that are working
upon the railroad iron made in this country, dig-
ging the ore, working it into iron, and rolling it,
who wear and consume a dozen articles that are
taxed? Jt is a very narrow view to confine it as
he does. There are a thousand rills that ruii into
this Treasury of ours. Otherwise it will not be
filled.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand the force
of the Senator's argument when he says that
the field must be cleared of competition, that the
manufacturer in this country may make larger
gains; but he is representing this as a financial
measure.
Mr. CLARK. I have not said that the field
must be cleared. I said that one must be adjusted
