578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
in this body. The House and the Seriate act
entirely independent of each other on that ques-
tion. Xaijie the case of Virginia. "WehaveVir-
ginia represented on this floor. The House of
Representatives refused Virginia any representa-
tion in that body. We act upon our own respon-
sibility,, each for itself. We determine whether
njen shall come in here and sit as the representa-
tives of States. The House determine whether
tfyey shall-go into that body as the Representa-
tives of the districts o( the several States.
'.* There is another question, it seems to me,.that
may be involved in this decision. If we assume
to say, as.is contended for by the Senator from
5^ic|iigan [,Mr. Howard] I believe, that these
several States which have been declared to be in
insurrection have ceased to be States of the Uni-
ted States, and are to be regarded as mere sub-
jugated provinces or Territories, as if acquired
from some foreign Power; if that doctrine is to
prevail—a doctrine which finds support in some
circles and places—this other consequence will
follnw- 
„ Mr. HOWARD. 1 am quite sure the honor-
able .Senator from Wisconsin does not intend to
misstate what I said, and in order that he may
understand me mote clearly, i hope he will allow
me to make the correction here.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. *What I stated, or intended
t,o state, was this: that the power of the United
States over a conquered State which has been in
rebellion is the ordinary power of the conqueror
over conquered territory; but that in this partic-
ular case there is supperaddeti to the rights and
duties of the conqueror a trust, growing out of the
Constitution of the United States, which is to be
performed by the United States in its discretion
and in due time,jLn the shape of a restoration of
the conquered State to the Union. Congress may
take its own time to bring.about this restoration.
There are 110 limitations in the Constitution in
regard to the mode or time in which it is to be
(lone. The territory, however, having been once
a State, must be restored to its condition of a State
by the action of Congress at some time, and ac-
cording to the discretion of Congress, carrying
out honestly and faiily the obligation of the Con-
stitution; but in the mean time, understand me,l
hold that while in this conquered state it is sub-
ject to be governed by military authority, by a
provisional government, or by any other means
which Congress may see fit to adopt; and I hold
it to be the duty of Congress at an early day, as
early as is reasonable and practicable, to pass an
act which shall apply to all such cases, and not
to leave it to the unlimited discretion of the Com-
mander-in-Chiefof 1 he armies of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The point that I under-
stood the Senator to make tne other day, and I
am not quite clear now whether I understand him
to controvert it, was, that these States once de-
clared in insurrection cease to be Slates of the
Union. If I was mistaken in that I am glad to be
corrected.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow me
a moment 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly; I do not wish
to misunderstand the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. If they are States in insur-
rection, as they have been pronounced to be by the
constituted authorities of the United States, then
as Slates, as political communities, they are ene-
mies of the United States. Can a community
which is an enemy of the United States be treated
as one of the United States? It is onlv necessary
to ask the question to uns.m 11. Vu j^cio limae
States are out of the Union, and all the gentleman's
aignrpentand all he may imagine cannot, de.facto,
constitute (hem States until our arms have m-
umphed.
' Mr. DOOL1T T^fL X of course did not wish
to nnsnndtiistand or misrepresent the Senator
from .Michigan. I understand im now to say
that they are out of the Union,
Mi'- HOWARD. Dc facto.
JVh\ DOOLIT TLE. De facto out of the Union,
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. POOHTTLE. Defaclo out of the Union;
they are no longer Stales of the Union. 1 do not
wish to charge upon that Senator doctrines that
he does not entertain. I know that it has been
advjepted m curtain other quarter*) that those
States, by viUuo of iheir incuj rection, have ceased
to exist' as States, are no longer States of ^he
Union; that they are not only out of the Union,
but have ceased to be States at all. 1 do not un-
derstand precisely whether the Senator believes
in that or not. He perhaps raises a distinction
between States de facto and States de jure. Per-
haps he admits that de jure they are States in the
Union, but de facto they are States out of the
Union. But I do not wish to go into an argument
with him as to his views on that subject. I sim-
ply wish not to misunderstand him.
Now, I understand the Senator from Michigan
to say that he regards them as States de facto out
of the Union, and as States hostile to the United
States, as public enemies. There is another pro-
vision of our Constitution that ought not to be
forgotten; and that is, that when we elect a Pres-
ident and Vice President they must both be resi-
dents of some State of the Union. We have elected
Mr. Lincoln from Illinois. Undoubtedly that is
a State in the Union. We have also elected An-
drew Johnson from the State of Tennessee as Vice
President of the United States. Is he a public
enemy ? Does he live in a State of this Union, or
does he live in some subjugated territory ?
Sir, whatever fine-spun theories gentlemen may
give*!k>ose to in their imaginations, 1 tell you that
the doctrine that any one of these States is out of
the Union is the very doctrine which we have been
fighting against from the beginning. The very
ground on which we stand is, that they are not
out of the Union, that they have no power to go
out of the Union; and it is to maintain that doc-
trine that we have poured out our treasure and
our blood like water upon every battle-field. In
my opinion the doctrine—I do not say that the
Senator contends for'it, for I do not precisely un-
deistand Imposition—but the doctrine that says
these States are no longer States of the United
States is one huge, infernal, constitutional lie, that
would stamp all our conduct from the beginning
as murder and cover us all over with blood. When
it comes to be discussed, it is the mostabhorrent
doctrine that can be presented to the American
people. And 1 tell you that whatever fine-spun
theories politicians may adopt here at Washing-
ton or elsewhere, when the convention came to
meet at Baltimore freshly representing the people
of'the United Slates, they trampled the miserable
humbug under their feet by nominating Andrew
Johnson, of Tennessee, as Vice President of the
United States—Tennessee still a State of the Uni-
ted States, although its people have been driven
into insurrection arid rebellion.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him right there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am nearly through.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator a
few moments ago to say that the Constitution
required that the President and Vice President
should come from two different States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. JMot be residents of the
same State.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator has not
quoted it correctly. I have it before me. It is as
follows:
"The electors shall meet in their respective States, and
vote by ballot lor 1'resident and Vice 1'iesident, one of
whom, at h-.u t, shrtll not be an inhabitant of the same Suite
with themselves."
All that is required is that the candidate shall
be a citizen of the United States; and I presume
nobody ever questioned that Andrew Johnson
was a great and loyal citizen of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Constitution also pro-
vider that—
" No person, except a natural-born citizen, or a citizen
of tiie United State* at the tune of the adoption of this
Constitution, shall be eligible to the olhce ot f readmit.'"
And there is another provision in the Constitu-
tion requiring their residence in the States of the
Union.
Mr. President, I insist that on this incidental
question as to how the jointconvention of the two
Houses shall be conducted, which has been con-
ducted heretofore during eighteen different ses-
sions with no difficulty whatever, except in the
single case of 1857, when some indecorous con-
duct under the lead of James M. Mason, of Vir-
ginia, occurred, there is no necessity that we
should enter upon the discussion and the agita-
tion of the questions which have been debated
here and urged as the foundation for the adoption
of this resolution. There is no necasjity for the
friends of this Administration,in the midst of this
gigantic war still pending, to keep up one contin-
ued attempt to attack its own Administration, and
to destroy its influence and its power with the
people of the country. There is no necessity to
make this onslaught upon the free constitution of
Louisiana—a free constitution which gives liberty
to ninety thousand slaved that the emancipation
proclamation did not reach. I undertake to say
that it is unnecessary, unfounded, and unjust. I
do not say that all the Senators who support this
resolution maintain the doctrines contended for
by the Senator from Ohio, or the Senator from
Kentucky. I understand the Senator from Illi-
nois, who introduces the resolution, to express
the wish to avoid the question of the validity of
the constitution of Louisiana. In what I have
said I do not refer by any means to all Senators
here, but I have directed my attention more par-
ticularly to the objections taken by the Senator
from Kentucky,and theSenatorfrom Ohio, where
the two extremes are meeting in one common pur-
pose to attack the Administration and to crucify
the free State of Louisiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I shall de-
tain the Senate but a few moments, and only to
state my own position on this question.
I regret that debate has occurred as to the exist-
ence of the State of Louisiana. 1 have no doubt
that Louisiana is just as much a State in the Union
as the State of Ohio. I do not agree with the
sentiment of other gentlemen who think that
Louisiana by its attempted secession has gone
out of the Union, or is outof the pale of the law
of the United States; but that is not the question
now before the Senate.
The question is, whatvotes shall be counted at
the meeting of the joint convention next Wednes-
day? What rules shall govern ihe convention
when it meets? Shall the whole thing be post-
poned until the two Houses get together without
any rules or organization, so that confusion will
probably occur the very moment the question
arises? Upon that question I have very clear
convictions, and my convictions upon that point
will control my vote.
I alluded incidentally yesterday to the scene
.that occurred in the joint convention eight years
ago. If we do not determine this question now,
we know that any member of either House may
present it to us in the joint convention. We
know that the Senator from Wisconsin, or any
other Senator who believes that the vote ofLouisi-
ana ought to be counted, may demand that that
vote shall be counted. Suppose the Vice Pres-
ident should decide that Louisiana, having been
declared in a state of insurrection, cannot vole m
the Electoral College: what then? Is his decis-
ion final? Is it so that under our system the
Vice President may throw out the vote of any
one or more States, and his decision be final ? Is
there no appeal? If there is an appeal, how can
it be taken ? Suppose the Vice President should
reject the vote of the State of Ohio, and I, a rep-
resentative from that Slate, should demand that
his decision should be reversed: how can u be
done? How can any question be taken there?
These difficulties must be met beforehand; and
to say that we cannot by law prescribe the mode
and manner in which these questions shall be de-
cided before the meeting of the joint convention,
is to declare the fiamers of the Constitution fools.
So it seems to me; because if the Viee President
should decide in the case 1 have named that Louisi-
ana is not entitled to vote, the Senator from Wis-
consin may demand an appeal from th r decision.
Who shall decide that appeal Shall Senators
and Representatives vote per capita? Shall they
vote by concurrent resolution? If so, then the
right of debate grows up. Shall Senators debate?
If so, must they debate in the presence of the
House of Representatives? How can they vote?
All these difficult questions are to be decided.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin pays
he has great confidenee in the present Vice Pres-
ident; that he is not Mr. Mason. So have I, just
as much confidence as he has; but that is not the
point. The difficulties are insuperable; and any
man, whatever may be his political tenets, may
raise the question of difficulty in the presence of
the convention, and that convention will be utterly
powerless, and will be the laughing-stock of the
gallery. In the case I mentioned eight years ago,
when there was a totally immateiial question
