1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
raised in that convention, when the State of Wis-
consin was prevented from voting by an unfore-
seen event, the happening of a great snow storm
in the Northwest, and when objection was made
to counting the vote of the State of Wisconsin, a
debate sprangup, members of the House addressed
themselves to " Mr. Speaker," members of the
Senate addressed themselves to " Mr. President,"
the one gentleman recognized one person, and the
other gentleman another, without any prelimi-
nary understanding as to the form of patting the
question, without any preliminary understanding
as to who should preside overthejoint convention,
without any rules for its government.
I say, these same questions of difficulty will
present themselves again, and they will be pre-
sented by the counting of the vote of the State of
Louisiana. Suppose in the joint convention the
Vice President shall take up a piece of paper in
his hand, a thing that will inevitably occur, and
say, " 1 have here what purports to be the certifi-
cate of the State ofLouisiana;" suppose he should
say that the State of Louisiana is in rebellion
against the Government; that hy the proclama-
tion of the President it is declared to be in a state
of insurrection, and that that condition of affairs
has been recognized by both Houses of Congress;
" I therefore will not allow the vote ofLouisiana
to be counted in the electoral vote." Supposehe
should so decide. The Senator from Wisconsin
would object at once.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Not at all. He may de-
cide just as he likes; it does not make a bit of dif-
ference to me. He may rule it in, or rule it out,
and he shall find me making no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably ray friend from
Wisconsin would make no objection, but any
member from the House of Representatives or
any member of the Senate who is of opinion that
the vote of Louisiana ought to be counted, will
at once enter his protest, and say that Louisiana
has a right to vote. How shall that question be
decided? Shall the Vice President decide it, and
shall his decision be final ? I say not. There
must be 
Mr. COLLAMER. Some member of the con-
vention would object to the counting of an illegal
vote, because they do not know, officially, what
the other votes are.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not. Theycan-
not tell that until the votes are counted. Sup-
pose the Vice President were to take it into his
head to reject the vote of the State of New York;
and in a possible case he might reject enough votes
to elect General McClellan, a scarcely possible
event. We are now piescribing rules and mak-
ing precedents for history. We cannot expect
to travel through many presidential elections in
the history of ourcountiy with so unanimous a
result, as at the last, and we are now making a
precedent 
Mr. FARWELL. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer to go 011 and
finish what I Imve to say.
Mr. FARWELL. I was going to ask a single
question. Suppose the Vice President does un-
dertake to reject the vote of New York will this
resolution settle it, or has that got to be settled ill
the join' convention?
Mr. SHEPtMAN. I do not suppose this res-
olution will settle all the questionsthat may arise.
Suppose, on the other hand, the Vice President
should believe that Louisiana is a State in the
Union, and should decide in favor of the view of
the honorable Senator fiom Wisconsin, my col-
league would object. I know he would.
Mr. WADE. Mighty quick.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 know the Senator from
Massachusetts [.Mr. Sumner] would say that
Louisiana is not m the Union, and therefoie the
vote must not be counted. If they would not,
there are members in the House that would; and
how is the question to be decided ? Then the
joint convention assembled under the Constitu-
tion to do the highest act of perpetuating the
Government of the United States may find itself
in a wrangle; and it is in just such scenes as these
that revolutions are born. It was in such scenes
as these that Poland witnessed ail the struggles
which finally led to the destruction of her nation-
ality. In my judgment, therefore, every ques-
tion that will uifect the organization of the joint
convention ought to be settled beforehand by
some decisive vote; and therefore it is that I am
in favor of having this matter decided now.
But I have said that I believed Louisiana was
a State in the Union. 1 have no doubt of it. My
views upon that point concur with those of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin; but the ques-
tion is not whether Louisiana is a State in the
Union, but whether Louisiana can now vote in
the Electoral College. What is the record? By
the proclamation of the President, Louisiana is
declared to be in a state of insurrection; by the
votes of both Houses of Congress that condition
is recognized; all the loyal, legal authority of
Louisiana is overthrown, and we have now a
provisional governor; we have had military gov-
ernors in the State of Louisiana, and have now.
That is the case presented to us by the record.
But the honorable Senator says that there have
been movements made in Louisiana to reorganize
the State of Louisiana; that there is a local gov-
ernment now there representing the loyal people
ofLouisiana. Suppose I admit that fact. Can
I tell from the reading of the papers he has read
here to-day that that is so? What tribunal has
decided that question ? He says the President;
but I cannot agree with him that the President
must decide that question. By the Constitution,
each House must decide upon the qualifications
of its own members; and I say that no vote can
be cast for Louisiana in the Electoral-College until
she can vote in Congress; and she cannot vote in
Congress until the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives concur in her voting here. The idea
that Louisiana shall vote in the Electoral College
and make a President for us when no man can
speak for her here, and no man can speak for her
in the House of Representatives, is, in my judg-
ment, an absuidity. The very moment that the
loyal people of Louisiana shall form a govern-
ment which is recognized by both branches of
Congress and by the President, that moment she
will have aright to vote in the Electoral College;
and the idea that she should attempt to vote be-
fore her condition is fixed by Congress, it seems
to me, is wrong.
1 do not wish to criticise the action of our
friends in Louisiana. I recognize the loyal peo-
ple who have formed this new movement in Lou-
isiana as loyal and true men. I recognize Lou-
isiana as a State in the Union; but until their
action, whatever it is, is approved and sanctioned
by Congress with deliberation and premeditation,
she ought not to appeal here to claim her vote in
the Electoral College. That is my judgment;
and 111 saying this 1 do not assail the President.
I think my friend from Wisconsin stated the point
too strongly when he said that in voting for this
joint resolution we sought to cast censure upon
the President.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. That is not what I said
or intended to say. I said that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] in the doctrines he advanced,
and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell]
by lespondmg to him, may join hands together
to attack the Administration. I did not say that
the resolution was intended for that atall. I was
dealing with the doctrines of the Senator's col-
league.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I misunderstood the
Senator. I have no doubt that the President of
the United States may recognize the local tribu-
nals there, and may seek to blend the loyal peo-
ple of Louisiana into the form of a State govern-
ment, and I will aid him in doing it; but I must
be satisfied that such portion of the people of
Louisiana aie in a condition to conduct a free
government, to found and reorganize or reestab-
lish the State government overthrown by the in-
surrection. The very moment that is done, 1 am
willing to give their Senators their seats upon this
flooi; 1 am willing to give their members seats 111
the Houseof Ilepiesentatives; butunti! then,their
condition is fixed by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, sanctioned by Congress; and that is, that
Louisiana is in^a state of insurrection, and until
that lnsuirection is so far overcome as to enable
a poition of her people to establish a form of gov-
ernment and the right of suffrage may be pro-
tected, she has not a right to representation here,
nor to a vote in the Electoral College.
Nor will I now pass judgment upon the ques-
tion whether her Senatots are entitltd to seats
here. 1 will hear what they have to say. That
question has not yet come up before us. If I am
satisfied of some of the facts, stated by the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, (hat a majority of
the people of Louisiana have taken part in this
organization, that they have had an opportunity
to vote, and have voted, I will recognize the right
of the loyal people of Louisiana to represeiitatioft
here. - ' ■
X do not, therefore, commit myself upon the
question of the right of these Senators to take
their seats by my vote on this resolution; but I
know, as the case now stands, with the record
before us, that Louisiana is declared by law to
be in a state of insurrection, and that we have no
official decision that she has resumed her place in
the Union. We have evidence read from a pam-
phlet; but we have no decision that she is in the
Union and entitled to vote in the Electoral Col-
lege. I thought, therefore, that the resolution of
the House of Representatives—which, I believe,
passed there without much objection—when it
came here, and was reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary, was a wise measure to avoid
contention and strife, to avoid raising prematurely
a question of great difficulty, which oughuto be .
settled so far as the action of the convention was
concerned by the deliberate vote of Congress.
All the questions that maygrowoutof the admis-
sion of Louisiana I am prepared to decide when
the case is fairly argued ana discussed before us;
but at present I am perfectly clear that the vote
of Louisiana, no matter by whom cast, ought not
to be counted in the Electoral College, and that
we ought now to settle that question, so that it
will not trouble the Vice President of the United
States when he comes to count this vote. If this
resolution is passed, the Vice President, when he
comes to these papers, as he must present them
to the body, will say, that by the concurrent ac-
tion of Congress, or of both Houses, which must
pass upon the condition of Louisiana, the State
of Louisiana is in insurrection and cannot vote
in the Electoral College; and that is the end of
the matter. I think we ought to assume that re-
sponsibility rather than to throw it upon the Vice
President.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not rise to protract this
discussion. My beliefis thatthe Senate are quite
weary of it now, and that it may be brought to
a close as well now as any other time. But, sir,
I have embodied in a preamble and resolution the
views that I have heretofore expressed in relation
to this sub)ect, which I desire to submit to the
Senate. The recitals in this preamble are what
is conceded to be the truth by every Senator; and
although it is not in order now, yet my friend
from New Jersey shall be satisfied to adopt this
amendment, it will be in order if he should with-
draw his proposition to strike out the State of
Louisiana. 1 will read the proposition, which I
intend to submit at the proper time:
Whereas in pursuance of an act of Congress, approved
on the 13th of July, 1861, the President did, on the IGtli of
August, 1861, declare the inhabitants of certain States, and
among others tile State of Tennessee and Louisiana, to he
in a state of insurrection against the United States ; and
whereas, with a view to encourage the inhabitants of such
States to resume their allegiance to the United States and
to re inaugurate loyal State governments, the President did,
on the 8lh of December, 1863, ixsue his proclamation
whereby it was declared, among other tilings, that in case
a State government should be reestablished in any of said
States in the manner theiein specified, such government
should be recognized as the true government of the State ;
and whereas the loyal inhabitants of the States of Tennes-
see and Louisiana, invited so to do by the said last-men-
tioned proclamation, have in good faith established said
State governments loval to the United States, or attempted
so to do; and whereas such loyal inhabitants at the re-
cent presidential election have chosen electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President, who have, in pursuance of the
requirements of the Constitution, cast ttleir votes foi Pres-
ident and Vice President; and whereas doubts exist as
to the validity of such election of presidential electois in
the States of Tennessee and Louisiana ; and wheicas it is
well understood that flic result of the piesidenti.il election
could in 110 way be afleoied by the votes ol said States,
whcthei the same vhall be counted or not: Therefoie,
Be it resolved. 3 c., That it is inexpedient to deteiuiine
the question as to the validity of the election of electois in
the said Slates of Tennessee and Louisiana, and that in
counting the votes for Piesident and Vice I'leMdenf, the
result should he declared as it wouid stand if the \ otes of
said States were counted, andaNo as it would stand if the
votes of ^aid States weie excluded, such result being the
same in either case.
It seems to me that thifrcovers the whole ground;
it recites the whole truth in relation to it; it is what
no Senator will deny; and itseems to me that forus
to go on to vote for anything beyond what is con-
tained in this proposition, is to vote foi the merest
abstraction m the world. 11 is to anticipate aques-
