580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
tlon which may possibly arise but which will prob-
ably never arise in the history of this country. I
htfpe to have an opportunity to present this propo-
gitior^and I shall ask the vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. P0WJ2LL. Mr. President, the- Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doojlistle] seemed to think
that he had made a most happy and striking .com-
parison*'; He commenced Ins spcech by compar-
ing the Senator from Ohio and myself to Herod
and Pontius Pilate, and about the center of his
speech herepeated ih&comparison, and at the very
close he announced it for the third time. Hence
I come to the conclusion that he thinks it a very
poweitfutstatement. I think 1 understand the Sen-
ator's tactics perfectly well when he tries to amaze
the Senate by the statement that extremes have
itiet; that the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] and myself agree on this measure. The
Senator ft;om Wisconsin but resorts to one of the
artful dodges that are sometimes resorted to by
some speakers who have been not inaptly called
demagogues—I do not apply that term to the hon-
orable Senator, however—when they wish to ex-
cite Uhe prejudices of the crowd. 1 <Jo not think
the honorable Senator can, by that kind of dodge,
affect thfe vote of any Senator on either side of the
Chamber. I am sure no Senator on this side of
the Chamber—and when I use that term I mean
the Democrats and Conservatives that are here—
can be driven from what he conceives to be his
duty because he has the assistance of the Sena-
tor from Ohio; and I am certain that there is no
Senator on the other side whose intelligence is
so low, whose mind could be so governed by his
prejudices, that he will be driven from his posi-
tion because some members on this side advocate
a proposition of which he is in favor.
i do not know whether the honorable Senator
intended to liken me to Herod or to Pilate; but
he said that the two Senators, the one from Ken-
tucky and the other from Ohio, like Herod and
Pilate, desired to*crucify this young free State of
Louisiana. 1 was not aware before that Herod
had much to do with the crucifixion. I knew
that Pontius Pilate judged on that occasion, and
his judgments have been decreed infamous. How-
ever,! shall make no defense of the Senator from
Ohio; he is in the Senate, and is fully able to de-
lend himself. But, sir, if the comparison should
he applied to anybody, the Senator from Wiscon-
sin ought to apply it to the Executive and to Gen-
eral Banks. Jt js they, if anybody—and I will
not charge that they desire to crucify the free
State of Louisiana.
Herod and Pontius Pilate were wicked and cruel
aggressors upon the civil and divine rights of the
people. I, sir, resist the aggressions of usurping
officials; the Senator is their advocate. Had i
lived in Judeain the day of Herod,! would have
denounced the cruel and bloody decrees of that
wicked king as I do here anaign the President for
his usurpations, hi* violations of the Constitu-
tion, and his assaults upon the civil liberties of
the people. I would have denounced in the harsh-
est language the infamous judgments of Pontius
Pilate, the governor, us I do the unlawful, wicked,
and unconstitutional military orders of General
Banks. Judging from the Senator's course here,
had he lived in the day of Herod and Pontius
Pilate, they would have found in him an able and
zealous advocate.
Perhaps my views of a free State are a little
more expansive than those of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, i regard a State free that
is governed by the laws made by the sovereign
people of that State without the dictation of pres-
idents or major generals. I regard that State as
a free State which is governed by law, knowing
that there is nofieedom save in the supremacy of
the law. The honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin in his contracted view seems to suppose a
State is free, provided no African is held in sla-
very. ^ May not white men in Louisiana be kept
in chains aswelPas black men ? 1 confess I have
more sympathy for the white than 1 have for the
black race. Not so with the honorable Senator.
He is willing that the decrees of the Executive
and the orders of General Banks shall go foi th to
alter the constitution of the people of Louisiana,
and prescribe the qualifications of their electors
and of candidates forofnee, and to hold the white
men of Louisiana in slavish submission to those
decrees; and he calls a State so formed and so
conducted a free State, merely because its consti-
tution indicates that involuntary servitude shall
not exist there. Away, sir, with such a free
State ! It is the veriest slavery, slavery of your
own race, slavery of your own kith, slavery of
your own kin. It is a striking down of every
principle of republican liberty for the purpose of
elevating a few miserable Africans.
The Senator from Ohio1 and myself are in ac-
cord on this matter. He desires to vindicate the
right of the people of Louisiana, in the exercise
of their own sovereign power, to decree their own
form of government, unbiased, uninfluenced by
outside dictation, whether from the Executive
Mansion or from the headquarters of a major gen-
eral. The Senator from Wisconsin takes the very
converse of that position. He is amazed that thp
Senator from Ohio should advocate these proposi-
tions, but he is not at all astonished at the course
of the Senator from Kentucky, because the Sen-
ator from Ohio is for freedom, and the Senator
from Kentucky is opposed to emancipation. I do
not know what right he has to say that I am
opposed to emancipation by those who have the
power to decree emancipation. I am not opposed
to the people of the State of Louisiana or Georgia
or any other State of this Union declaring, if in
their sovereign capacity they choose in a legal
and formal manner to decree, that they will have
no slavery existing there. Nor should I be op-
posed to the people of the State of Wisconsin, if
they choose so to decree in the exercise of their
sovereign power, declaring that slavery should
exist there. These are matters that are left by
our fundamental law to the people of each State;
and, when they exercise the power in the man-
ner prescribed by their constitution and laws, it is
a matter of their own concernment, and will receive
no opposition from mc.
If, however, the Senator means that I am op^
posed to the amendment of the Constitution of
the United States on that subject, he is right. I
was opposed to that amendment of the Constitu-
tion when it was pending in this body. I spoke
against it and I voted against it; and I think the
day will come when the Senator himself will re-
gret that faithless act. What is that act? It
decrees that millions upon millions of property
held under the constitutions and laws of the
States by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States shall be taken from the owners without
compensation. 1 regard that as nothing else than
bad faith and legislative robbery. The Senator
may regard it as he pleases. Regarding it as i do,
I am opposed to it. I hold that by that amend-
ment you upturn the whole system of our Federal
Government, bccause if there is one characteristic
feature of this form of government it is that the
States are at liberty to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, and you
have as much right to amend the Constitution so
as to logulate the condition of master and slave
as you have to amend it in regard to the regula-
tion of the relation of husband and wife, guardian
and ward, parentand child, and no more. If you
have a right to pass that constitutional amend-
ment, you have a right to deciee that this shall
be an empire or a kingly form of government.
It is destructive of the system, m my judgment.
1 think it is in bad faith. 1 think it overthrows
anddisrcgards vested property rights. I fear that
the day will come when, in view of our vast and
accumulating debt, some demagogues will desire
to repudiate it. 1 neverexpect to be of that num-
ber, but when that is done, and you rich men of
the North shall talk about property rights and
the laith of ihe Government pledged to pay its
debt, they can be told that by legislative enact-
ment, by constitutional amendment this vast
amount of property was destroyed in the slave
States without compensation to the owneis, and
their mouths will be stopped.
But, Mr. President, enough of such matters.
I will say to the Senator, that if the people of any
State in the Union choose to abrogate slavery in
their own way, it is their matter, not mine. I
have a light to speak on that subject in no State
of this Union but one, and that is the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, and there 1 have been op-
posed to emancipation.
Buf, sir, the Senator tells us that General
Banks's statementsare all true,and that tlx* state-
ment of the Senator from Ohio and myself, that
there was military interference with the election,
has no foundational truth. Let ua bring the hon-
orable Senator to the facts on that point, and see
who is in error. Who has the right to prcsciibe
the qualifications of voters in aState of this Union ?
There is not a Senator in this Chamber who will
not answer, the people of thatState. That is the
very foundation of your republican representative
form of government. What power has the Pres-
ident, what power has Major General Banks, to
prescribe the qualifications of a voter m Louisiana?
Tell me not, sir, that there has been no military
inteiference with the ejections in that State, when
the Executive and the military commander of that
department have prescribed the qualifications of
voters. Make me a major general, and clothe
me with the power to prescribe the qualification
'of voters, and if I had a hundred followers in the
State of New York, I could carry that Empire
State by prescribing such qualifications as would
exclude all but those on my side. The Senator
sees that; he knows it; he cannot deny it, and
yet he says there was no military interference.
I was astonished that a Senator, usually so can-
did andfairin hisstatements to the Senate, should
allow his judgment to be so warped by his zeal
as to maintain for a moment that there had been
no'military interference with the elections in
Lou isiana.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the Senator's per-
mission, 1 will say that I stated precisely wherein
and to what extent I understood the order of
General Banks to have affected the elective fran-
chise, by directing, what the constitution of Lou-
isiana did not direct, that the soldiers who were
citizens of Louisiana enlisted in the Army might
be permitted to vote; and thut of the whole num-
ber of those citizens in the Army there were only
eight hundred and eight who voted, while the total
number of votes cast was eleven thousand four
hundred and fourteen.
Mr. POWELL. So far as the principle is con-
cerned it does not matter if there was but one; it
was an infamous usurpation;nnd 1 speak of it as
infamous because it violates the Constitution of
the country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to the
Senator diawmghisown inferences; but he seems
to express the idea that I had maintained that
there was nothingdone under the military author-
ity. I stated expressly,as I mean always to state,
the facts as I understood them. *
Mr. POWELL. Here is the constitutional
provision on the subject of the qualification of
electors: "The House of Representatives shall
be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several States, and the
electors in each State shall have the qualifications
requisite forelectorsof the most numerous branch
of theState Legislature." That is the only clause
of the Constitution on the subject. Was that
constitutional test applied to the electors in Louis-
iana? itcertamly was not in more instances than
that admitted by tin* honoiable Senator.
In the statement of Geneuil Banks, which I hold
in my hand, he admits that he altered the consti-
tution of Louisiana concerning the qualifications
of voters so far as to permit soldiers and sailors
m the public service to vote. What light had
Nathaniel P. Banks, major general of the United
States Army, to lay his hand upon the institu-
tion of the State of Louisiana? When he did it
he committed a usurpation and violated the law,
and so far from being lauded he should be cen-
sured in the harshest possible terms.
But that is not all. General Hanks says, in this
paper, that everybody who was registered and
voted in Louisiana took the oath piescubed in
the President's amnesty proclamation of Decem-
ber 8, 1863. Now, let us see what was the oath
contained in that amnesty proclamation:
 , do soleinnlyswear. in the pn-'hcnce of Al-
mighty On<l, tli.it I will henoeior!') t.mhtnily -uppoit, pro-
tect, and defend ilie Constitution or the United Slates. <ind
the union of the States thereundei; and th.it i will, in like
manner, alxdo by and lustniiilly support all acts of Con-
gictfa parsed during the existing irbellion Witii reference to
slaves, so long and m> tat as nou epraled, mod ttied, pr held
void by Consuls. or l>y dcci-ion ot Use Supreme Court;
and that I Will, in like manner, abide by and laitluuHy sup-
port ail pioehuimnoii-, or tne Pie&ident made during the ex-
isting rebellion having leterencu to slaves, so long and so
far ai not modified or decl.ued voal by decision of the
SuprejiieCuuit. So help me Cod."
After having prescribed the oath, that procla-
mation goes on to declare:
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and make known
that whenever, m any of the States of Aikansas, Texas,
