1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
184*
There has been no measure of personal assault
as well as official attack that has not been made
by him upon the Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
He has been denounced here on this floor as a
"miserable midshipman." I ask if that was
right. I ask if it was the courtesy due to a high
public officer standing nearly at the head of a
Department of this Government. I have no rela-
tions with that officer different from those which
I have with the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, but when I have heard statements of
that kind made here, with my knowledge of that
gentleman, it was very difficult indeed for me to
keep my seat and be silent.
When the line was subsidized by law for carry-
ing the United States mails between the eastern
Atlantic ports and the western Pacific ports of this
country it^as provided that the steamers should
be commanded by officers of the Navy. Among
those commissioned for that service were the late
gallantand heroic Herndon, who was then a lieu-
tenant, and G. V. Fox, of the Navy. Some of
the ablest men that our public service in that branch
of it contained were deputed by the Government
to command those ships. Eleven years ago I
traveled upon the steamer George Law, com-
manded then by Captain Pox, and 1 undertake to
say here, from personal observation, without any
intimacy with tlie gentleman, that so far as I could
observe it, an abler, a more gentlfemanly, and a
better officer never trod the deck of a slup.
- Sir, it is a pretty serious matter when a Sena-
tor of the United States avails himself, as I said
before, of his high prerogative to denounce such
a gentleman here daily in the manner that we have
heard. In addition to that aresolution is adopted
at the instance of the honorable Senator addressed
to the Navy Department, not calling upon the
Navy Department for information touching cer-
tain things, but instructing the Secretary of the
Navy to tell the Senate what Mr. Pox did, and
specifying several things. I have not the reso-
lution now before me. Jn all human probability,
with the greatest propriety the Secretary of the
Navy addressed officially a letter to the Assistant
Secretary—I do not know this, but I apprehend
that upon inquiry we shall find it to be the case-
asking the Assistant Secretary for information
that the Secretary himself could not give, and that
could only be given by the Assistant Secretary,
thus indirectly addressed, and thus again and
again, as I have described, assailed by the hon-
orable Senator.
Now, Mr. President, what are we asked to do
in the last hours of this session, as a matter of
personal favor to the honorable Senator ? I will
go as far in a case of personal favor and regard
to the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
as to any Senator on this floor, but it pains me to
sit here and hear an able man, a man who I un-
dertake to say with deference to the judgment of
the honorable Senator is distinguished in his ca-
pacity as a public officer, denounced day after day
without a word being spoken in his defense. He
has been compared to a fox. The honorable Sen-
ator has gratified and exercised his talent of in-
vective and ridicule in that regard. And now we
are asked to do, what? To relieve the Senator, as
he asks and says, by insulting the head of one of
the Departments of this Government! I am not
satisfied that the honorable Senator and the Senate
hnve been insulted in this communication, and for
my part I cannot vote affirmatively upon his prop-
osition until I am so satisfied; and above all, be-
fore I am so satisfied I cannot agree to send back
by a vote of this body that communication to the
honorable Secretary of the Navy, and thus insult
him.
Mr. WILSON. I move that this communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Navy be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary for the purpose
of examining it to see whether it is liable to the
objection which has been made.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to voting
for this motion if any committee shall report that
it is proper.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied with the proposed
reference.
Mr. CONNESS. In assenting to the proposi-
tion ofthe honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
I will simply say that if the Judiciary Committee
or any other committee of this body shall recorn-
mend this or any other course to be taken, I will
vote affirmatively.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the reference
to the Judiciary Committee. It is manifest that
a reference of this communication to the commit-
tee at this stage of the session will prevent any
investigation of it. The committee is dissolved
by the end of the session. I think that in the
shape in which the resolution has been submitted
by the Senator from New Hampshire it may be
readily understood by all. The Senator from
California thinks it proper to go into a defense of
Mr. Fox 
Mr, CONNESS. I have not done that, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know, then, what
the Senator would call a defense of another. He
has pronounced a eulogy upon Captain Fox and
spoken of him in high terms, and, so far as I know,
in deserving terms. I have no attacks to make
on Captain Fox or upon the head of the Navy
Department. I have a high respectforboth those
gentlemen. But the proposition here is this: the
Senator from New Hampshire says to the Senate
that in answer, to a resolution which has passed
this body,and which has been read in the hearing
of the Senate, there comes from the Department
a reply to a speech made by him, and he reads to
us a portion ofthe reply of the Secretary which
purports to be in answer to a speech of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire; I understand the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, then, to move that
so much of this communication as relates to a
reply to his speech shall be returned. Is that the
motion?
Mr. HALE. The letter of the Secretary of the
Navy there is no objection to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To the letter of the Sec-
retary there is no objection; but it is only that
part which is in reply to a speech of the Senator
that is proposed to be returned. So far as that is
concerned, it is a matter not between the Senator
from Ndw Hampshire and Captain Fox, with
which the Senate of course would have nothing
to do, but the question is, will the Senate of the
United States allow an answer to one of its reso-
lutions to be a reply to a speech of a Senator?
That affects the piivileges of the body i If when
we pass a resolution of inquiry, an answer from
anybody, instead of being a reply to our resolu-
tion-, purports upon its face to be a reply to the
speech of a Senator, will the Senate allow such
answers to be made? I think clearly, upon that
statement, such a reply is improper. I do not
know what is in the reply, but so far as it under
takes to argue against or reply to a speech deliv-
ered in this body I think that it is an improper
communication, and that the privileges of the
body are improperly interfered with by such a
reply, and so far as that is concerned 1, for one,
would be prepared to vote at once that no Depart-
ment of the Government called upon for infor-
mation could properly, in answering a resolution
of inquiry, proceed to an argument or reply (as
it is called in the communication) to the speech
of a member of the body. There is no object in
this question going to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. Of course they cannot consider it now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts is perfectly proper,
though I do not know whether the committee can
report to-day or not. We can frequently draw
from the analogies of legal proceedings. This is
precisely the same case as frequently occurs in
our courts of chancery. It is suggested that an
answer has impertinent matter. By the word
" impertinent" 1 mean in the legal sense, irrele-
vant matter, improper matter, which in law we
call not pertinent to the question. It is suggested
that this communication contains im pertinent mat-
ter. Always on such occasions, when that is
suggested to the court, they refer it to a master to
ascertain and make report how much there is im-
pertinent, and to strike out that part, if not the
whole, and charge on the offending party the ex-
pense of getting it done. I think if we had a com-
mittee on privileges, we should at once refer it to
them, but as we usually refer all casi's which
relate to privileges of the body to the Judiciary
Committee 1 think this should go to the Judi-
ciary Committee, and let us see how much of it
they find to be impertinent to the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The objection is on ac-
count of the stage of the session.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to submit whether
there is not in this matter a constitutional ques-
tion. The Constitution positively declares, with
regard to Senators and Representatives, that '* for
any speech or debate in either House they shall;
not be questioned in any other place." If the'
President himself should send amessage to Con-
gress criticising the speech of a Senator Or Rep-
resentative, or undertaking to answer any such
speech, would that be recognized as a constitu-
tional proceeding ? I clearly think not; there can
be no question with regard to it. And if the Presi-
dent cannot do it, if the head of a Department
cannot do it, can an Assistant Secretary do it?
There is the question.
Mr. WILSON. That is just what we wantto
find out.
Mr. COLLAMER. No gentleman denies but
that it may contain impertinent matter, quite too
much so. That is the very objection made, and
that is the reason we wantto refer it to a commit-
tee to ascertain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to refer.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, a statement of expend-
itures from the appropriations for contingencies
of that Department, its offices and bureaus, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, incompliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 27th of Feb-
ruary, abstracts of the proposals for transporting
military supplies from Fort Leavenworth west-
ward, opened December 31, 1864, by Captain
Henry C. Hodges, and all communications upon
the subject; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill (S. No. 338) for
the relief of Charles A. Pitcher; and also that it
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 256) for the relief
of R. L. B. Clarke, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate. i
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
ofthe House had signed the following enrolled
bills, and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A bill (H. R. No. 556) granting a pension to
Ezekiel Darling;
A bill (H. R. No. 565) granting a pension to
Rachel Mills, widow of Peter Mills, deceased,
late a major in the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 697) further to provide for
the verification of invoices;
A bill (H. R. No. 756) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions;
A bill (.H. R. No. 758) amendatory ofthe acts
relating to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistant and clerks;
A bill (H. R.No.764) to incorporate the Con-
tinental Hotel Company of the city of Washing-
ton;
A bill (H. R. No. 775) for the relief of the oc-
cupants of the lands of the ex-mission of San
Jose in the State of California;
A bill (H.R. No. 779) regulating the taking
of depositions in certain cases; and
A bill (H. R. No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 710.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to oppose the
Senator's motion; but there was a common under-
standing last night that after the tariff biil was
passed to-day we should take up the report of
the committee of conference on the Freedmen's
Bureau bill. At the earnest pressure of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin I will yield to this bill,
hoping it will not take up much time.
Mr. HOWE. I am very much obliged to the
Senator.
The motion was agreed to; and thebrll (H. R.
No. 710) to extend the time for the completion of
certain railroads to which land grants have been
