1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3,
made, in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin*
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE, i beg leave to say that this bill
is like others that have been passed,and perhaps
if the amendments be read it will be sufficient,
and the reading of the bill may be dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The amendments only will be read, unless the
reading of the bill be demanded by a Senator.
The Secretary read the amendments reported
by the Committee on Public Lands.
The first amendment was at the end of section
two to insert as a proviso:
Provided, That none of the additional lands granted by
this act for that portion of the Marquette and Ontonagon
railroad, now completed, shall be certified to the State of
Michigan by the terms hereof until the «iaid railroad shall
be completed from a point twenty miles west of Marquette
to Ontonagon; and that none of the additional lands granted
by this act for that portion of the railroad from >Jaiquette
to the Wisconsin State line at or near the mouth of the
Menomonee river, now completed, shall be so certified un-
til the said railroad shall be completed from Bay de Ncquet
to the said Wisconsin State line at or noar the mouth of
the Menomonee river aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four page
5, after line thirty-lour, to strike out:
But not east of the range line dividing ranges tvveny-six
and tvventy-^even, noi south ot that portion of the township
line dividing townshipa forty-seven and forty-eight that lies
east of the dividing range line above described.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fifth
section, which is as follows:
Sec. 5. Jkul be it further cncicled, That the term mineral
lands, as used in a joint resolution " reservmgmincral lands
from the operation of all acts passed at the first session of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, granting Kinds or extending the
time of former grants,1'* approved Januaiy 30, 18G5, so far
as the said resolution relates to the s 'vcial giants of lands
heretofore and herein made to the State uf Michigan to aid
in tile construction of certain laihoads in the upper pen-
insula of said State, are hereby declared and defined to re-
iei to and to mean such lands only as before the passage of
said resolution have been reserved lroin sale in said State
as mineral lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed and the
bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
freemen'S BUREAU.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of the report of the committee of con-
ference 011 the bill (II. R. No. 51) to establish a
Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
The report was concurred in.
CUSTOM-HOUSE FEES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to allow me to report and have passed
two or three bills from the Committee 011 Com-
merce. The first is House bill No. 739, which I
am directed to report back from the committee. I
aslc for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 739) to regulate the fees of
custom-house officers on the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States. In lieu of the fees now authorized bylaw
to be collected by customs officers on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, it proposes to allow the collec-
tion ot the following fees: for admeasurements
of vessels, the fees prescribed by the act to regu-
late the admeasurement of tonnage of ships and
vessels of the United States, approved May 6,
1864; certificates of registry, including bond,
#2 25; indorsement on register, $1; certificate of
enrollment, including bond 011 vessel of not ex-
ceeding fifty tons, ^1; on vessel of above fifty and
not exceeding one hundred and fifty tons, $1 50;
on vessel of over one hundred and fifty tons, $2;
license, including bond on vessel of not over one
hundred and fifty tons, §1; on vessel of over one
hundred and fifty tons, §1 50; indorsement on
license of change of master, including master's
oath, 50 cents; certifying manifest and granting
clearance for a licensed vessel to go from district
to district, on vessel of fifty tons or under, 25
cents; on vessel of over fifty tons, 50 cents; re-
ceiving certified manifest and granting permit to
unlade 011 entry of a vessel from any other dis-
trict, on vessel of fifty tons or under, 25 cents;
on vessel of over fifty tons, $1; entry of a vessel
from aforeign port, otherwise than bysea,if ves-
sel of fifty tons or under, 50 cents; if of overfifty
tons, $1; and the same fees for clearance of like
vessels to foreign ports; receiving manifest of
goodsbroughtinto the United States from foreign
countries adjoining said frontiers by land vehicles,
and permit to unlade the same, 25 cents; receiving
manifest of baggage of passengers arriying from
foreign countries adjoining the frontiers, including
permit to unlade the same, 25 cents; granting
permit to a vessel not belonging to a citizen of the
United States to go from district to district, §2;
and the same fee for receiving manifest and grant-
ing permit to unlade such vessel on arrival in a
district from another district; entry of goods im-
ported from any foreign port or place for con-
sumption, warehousing, rewarehousing, trans-
portation, or exportation entry, including official
certificate or oath on entry or to invoice,50 cents;
and for every port entry, 40cents; permit to land
ordeliver goods notabove provided for,35 cents;
official bonds not herein provided for, each $1;
debenture or other official certificate not herein
provided for, 25 cents; bill of health, 25 cents;
crew list,including bond, $1; protection, 50 cents;
recording bills of sale,mortgage,hypothecations,-
or conveyances, 50 cents each, and certified copies
thereof, 50 cents each; recording certificates for
discharging and canceling such conveyances, 50
cents; copies thereof, 25 cents; certificate setting
forth the names of the owners of a vessel, with
their respective interest, and also the material facts
of any existing bill of sale, mortgage, hypotheca-
tion, or other incumbrance, the date and amount
of such incumbrance,and the parties t>.ereto,§l;
butno bill of sale,mortgage, hypothecation, con-
veyance, or discharge of mortgage or other in-
cumbrance of any vessel shall be recorded unless
it is duly acknowledged before a notarypublicor
other officer authorized to take acknowledgments
of deeds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MACKEREL FISHERIES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 780) to
extend the provisions of the first section of "An
act for the government of persons in certain fish-
eries, "approved June 19, 1813, have directed me
to report it back and to ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. Its purpose is to extend the provisions
of the first section of an act for the government of
persons in certain fisheries, approved June 19,
1813, to the master or skipper and seamen of ves-
sels of the burden of twenty tons or upward,
qualified according to law for carrying on the
mackerel fisheries, bound from a port in the Uni-
ted States to be employed in such fisheries, in
the same way as if such fisheries had been em-
braced in that act; but the agreement named in
that section is to be duly made, indorsed, and
countersigned.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce what are the pro-
visions of the act of 1813, which this bill pro-
poses to extend and apply.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certain provisions rel-
ative to the enlistment of men for the vessels.
They enter into certain bonds. This extends the
application of that law relative to cod fisheries to
the mackerel fisheries.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know how
far it extends the regulations with regard to the
cod fisheries to the mackerel fisheries.
Mr. CHANDLER. Merely so far as relates
to giving bonds. The committee investigated it
very thoroughly. It is a House bill.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It merely permits certain
young persons to be apprenticed who are in the
mackeiel fisheries, as well as those who are in
the cod fisheries. It is a very small matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 256) for the relief of R.
L. B. Clarke was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims,
WAR DEPARTMENT KKPOKT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
Washington, D. C., March 2, 1865.
I transmit herewith the report of the Secretary of War,
which, with my permission, lias been delayed until the
present time, to enable the Lieutenant General to furnish
his report. A. LINCOLN.
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, President of the Senate.
The message was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the incurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 806) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
Colonel William Gates;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) to amend
the joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution in
relation to the public printing," approved June
23, 1860; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 180) for the re-
lief of Lucretia M. Perry, widow of Nathaniel
H. Perry, late purser in the United States Navy.
PAPER FOR PUBLIC PRINTINO.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider the joint resolution
just received from the House of Representatives
relativp to the public printing. It will create no
discussion.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 174) to amend the joint resolution entitled
"Joint resolution in relation to the public print-
ing," approved June 23, 1860, was read three
times, and passed. It proposes to allow the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing to accept propo-
sals for paper for three months, six months, or a
year.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have instructed me to report back the bill
(H. R.No. 667) to provide for two assistant local
inspectors of steamboats in the city ofNew York,
and for two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois,
and to reestablish the board of local inspectors at
Wheeling; and also to amend the act approved
June 8, 1864, entitled "An act to create an addi-
tional inspector of steamboats for collection dis-
tricts of Memphis and Oregon,and for other pur-
poses." I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that there shall be designated
and appointed, in the mode prescribed by law,
two assistant local inspectors of steamboats in the
city of New York, and two local inspectors at the
city of Galena, Illinois, with an annual compen-
sation of |1,200 for the inspectors in New York,
and §800 for the inspectors at Galena; and these
inspectors are to perform the duties and be su bject
to the provisions of the steamboatactof August30,
1852. The local board of inspectors at Wheeling
is to be reestablished. In lieu of the fees for in-
spection prescribed by the sixth section of the act
to create an additional supervising inspector of
steamboats and two local inspectors of steam-
boats for the collection district of Memphis, Ten-
nessee, and two local inspectors for the collection
district of Oregon, and for other purposes, ap-
proved June 8,1864, there is to be levied and paid
for each steam vessel of one hundred tons or
under, twenty-five dollars, and in addition thereto
for each and every ton in excess of one hundred
tons, five cents.
Mr. COLLAMER. From what committee is
that reported?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the occasion for it?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will answer by sending
to the Chair, to be read, a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department, March 2,1865,
Sir: The superintending inspector of steamboats in-
forms me that there are now at liia port (New Yoik) mow)
than three hundred steam vessels; ready for inspection,
which the present Inspectors, though diluent and citp.iblo
