1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The words proposed tp be inserted by Mr. Har-
ris were read, as follows:
Whereas in pursuance of an act of Congress approved
on t!ie 13th day of July, 1861, the President did, on the
J6tli day of August, 1861, declare-the inhabitants, of certain
States, and among others the States of Tennessee and
Louisiana, to be in a state of insurrection against the
United States ; and whereas., with a view to encourage the
inhabitants of such States to resume their alliance to the
United States and to reinaugurate Soya! State governments,
the President, on the 8th day of December, J863, issued
his proclamation, whereby it'was declared, among other
things, that in case a State government should be leo^tab-
lished in any of said States, in a manner therein specified,
such government should be recognized as the true govern-
ment of the State; and whereas the loyal inhabitants of
the States of Tennessee and Louisiana, invited so to do by
the said last-mentioned proclamation, have in good faith
established State governments loyal to the United States,
or attempted ^o to do ; arid whereas such loyal inhabitants
at the recent presidential election have chosen electors of
President and Vice President, who have, in puisuanee of
the requirement of the Constitution, east theii votes foi the
President and Vice Piesident; and whereas donhis exist
as to the validity of such election of presidential electors
In the said Slates ot Tennessee and Lousiana; and whereas
it is well understood that tin* result of the presidential elec-
tion could in noway be affected by the votes of the said
States, whether the same be counted or not: Therefore,
Be U resolved, c., That it is inexpedient to determine
the question as to the validity of the election of eleetotsm
the said States of Tennessee and Louisiana, and that in
counting the votes for President and Vice President the
result be declared as it would stand if the votes of the said
States were counted, and also as it would stand if tile votes
• of the said States were excluded, such result being the
same in either ease.
Mr. WILSON. There is a statement of fact
in that proposition which I think is not a fact,
and that is, that the State of Tennessee has estab-
lished a ioyal State government. There has been
no State government established there, though I
am told one will go into operation on the 4th of
March.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We all understand the
question. Let her vote.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Me«srs. Cowan, Doolittle, Farwell, Hams,
Howe, Lane ot Indiana, Lane or"Kansas, Nesimih,Putne-
roy, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle, and YVilley—12.
NAYS—.Messrs. ISrovvn, £uckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Conness, Davis, Dixon, Foster, Grimes, llale,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Moirill, Nye, Powell, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Spiague, Stewart, Sumnet, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
W'll-on, and Wrijjht—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, CntJHe, Foot, Haiding,
Hicks, McDougall, Richardson, and Riddle—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The practical effect of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Vermont
is the same as that of the resolution which has
passed the House of Representatives. Under the
opeianon of the amendment the electoral votes
fiom the States named in the House resolution
will be excluded, so that practically there is no
difference between them as to the cffect in can-
vassing the votes on Wednesday next. The Sen-
ator's amendment, however, goes a little further;
it has the advantage of being; a general proposi-
tion, as the Senator thinks; but when you come
to scan it, it has no advantage in that respect, be-
cause you have to look to the proclamation to
construe the Senator's amendment to find what
States ate declared in insurrection, and then the
States are named; they are named in the procla-
mation just as they are named in the pieamble of
the House resolution, so that you come tight
around to the same place. The practical effect is
precisely the same. There is this difference, how-
ever, between the propositions: the Senator's
proposition is not limited to the case now in hand;
if the rebellion should continue four years longer
and until another presidential election is held, it
would be in the power of the President of the
United States, by a proclamation, to declare any
State in the Union to be in a state of insui rection,
and to prevent Us voting at a presidential elec-
tion. He could issue hts proclamation and declare
the State of New York, or any other State, to be
in a state of insurrection; and under the amend-
ment her vote could not be counted. 1 do not
think it well to go farther than the occasion re-
quires. That is one suggestion that I make in
reference to it.
Another is this: the House of Representatives
have originated and passed this resolution; and
unless something is to be gained by a change of
its language it is not desirable to change it.- The
Committee on the Judiciary had this resolution
before them, and although perhaps they would
have preferred some change in it, they made none.
The committee considered it carefully and recom-
mended the Senate to adopt the resolution as it
came from the House. They did propose a change
in the preamble because they drought it would
commit the Senate to a fact whicn some membeis
of the committee desired not to be committed to.
As it passed the House of Representatives, the
preamble stated that these States, naming them,
continued in a state of armed rebellion for three
years, and were in such condition, of rebellion on
the 8th of November last. There was some dis-
pute as to that among the members of the com-
mittee; and to avoid that, that portion of the pre-
amble was recommended to be stricken out, but
the lesolution itself was not interfered with.
Now, sir, inasmuch as the House has sent us
the resolution in this form, inasmuch as the prac-
tical effect of the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont wiil be precisely the same as
that of the resolution the House have sent us, 1
think we had better adhere to the House resolu-
tion and the report of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. if the House had sent the proposition
to us in this form, instead of the form in which
they have sent it, I do not know but that 1 should
have piefened to take that. As the question is
now before us, and there is one objection that may
properly he against the substitute, I think we had
best adhere to the report of the committee on the
House resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have an objection to the
amendment proposed by the honorable member
from Vermont, and 1 do not think I could vote
for it if the proposition had come in that form
from the House of Representatives. The act of
July, 1861, does not state that there are any par-
ticuh r States in rebellion; it names no State at alt.
It only provides that when the President shall
think that a state of insui rection exists ho may
proceed under the act of 1795 and declare that
State to be in a state of rebellion.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think that is it substan-
tially. I do not think I can be mistaken about it;
but if I am mistaken as to that, I am certainly
right in saying that that act does not name any
particular State in rebellion. [Mr. Collamer
nodded assent.] So far, the honorable member
admits that I am correct in my recollection.
Then they have been placed in the condition
which the honorable member supposes would de-
piive them of the right of electing electors, by
vittue of the Pi esident's proclamation issued un-
der the authority of that act. We have left it to
him, therefore, to say what States are to be con-
sidered asStatesin rebellion; and the proposition
of the honorable member is that any States which
he may have declared to be in a state of rebellion
are to be considered, with reference to the power
of electing electors, as remaining in rebellion
until Congress by act shall declare otherwise, or
until the members elected from such States as
Seriatois and Representatives shall have been ad-
mitted by both btanches. That I understand.
Now, as 1 think—and I believe that is the
opinion of the honorable member himself—these
States have never been, in a constitutional sense,
out of the Union; and they are to be considered,
therefore, with reference to our powerover them,
as States in the Union. My idea is that if the
President, by his proclamation issued in pursu-
ance of the act of 1861, can deprive them of the
light of electing electors, it is only because they
are to be considered as in a stateof rebellion; and
if he can place them in a state of rebellion, why
can he not say that that rebellion is terminated?
Suppose the President had, by a proclamation
issued before the 8th of November, announced to
the country that the war, as against Tennessee,
for example, was not to be earned on because
the rebellion in Tennessee wds put an end to;
she was to be considered as m the Union. If my
friend's amendment is the proper course to be
puisued, she would not have been authorized to
elect electors. According to that view, her au-
thoiity to elect at any time afterwards would
depend upon the happening of one or two facts;
either that Congress should have passed a law
admitting Tennessee into the Union, or declaring
that the rebellion in Tennessee was terminated,
or upon the feet that, in the aftpemee .of such act
of Congress, Tennessee hhd elected &epresenfc 
atives and Senators, and each branch had received
the members elected to that branch.- «■ *■* 1
Now, Mr. President, suppose the President ftf
the United States haduieclared that'the rebellion
in Tennessee was at an end,ori to pi|titBtfongfel£
suppose he had issued a proclamation before the
8th of November stating, and the «fact was -go*
that the war had ceased in ea&h one'of thofc®
States who were declared by his proclamation 'is-
sued under the authority of the a^t-of 186l4b>be
in a state of rebellion; suppose we all knew thatt
suppose every Senator here was-satisfied that the
President's proclamation was true in point of fact*
that the war had terminated, that the authority of
the United States m these States-was restored*
and just as effectually as it existed before the re*
belhon was inaugurated, and Senators from those
States had come here properly appointed by the
Legislatures of the States; are we prepared to say
that we would not receive them unless the other
House should have received the members, or
would the other House be willing to exclude
members elected under such circumstances until
the Senate should have declared that it would re-
ceive the Senators elected under the same circum-
stances? My idea is that ail that is necessary in *
order to entitle those States to be represented,
either in the Electoial College or in Congress, is
thg fact that at the time the members are elected
to one House or Senators are appointed to the
other, the rebellion should have then terminated!
and that peace should have been restored,' the
authority of the Constitution reinstated,-
If I am not right as to that, it is because the
opinion which 1 stated just now (and in which I
believe the Senator from Vermont concurs, to a
certain extent at any late) is erroneous. Are the
States out of the Union ? 1 say they are not. If
the States are still in the Union, just as much a
part of the United States as they ever were—-a
position demonstrated by the fact th&t we are car*-
rymg on the war in order to force them to yield
upon the hypothesis that thcyare in-the Union—
if that proposition is right, that the States are in
the Union* it must be true, as 1 think, that they
have a right to elect R.epieseritatives and Senators
the moment the contingency has happened that
puts an end to the obstacle which, as long ad it
continued, deprived them of the authority to elect;
that is to say, on the termination fcf the rebellion.
If my friend is ughtTennessee may haveyielded,
every man in it may have yielded long beforethe
8th of November; all the courts of the United
States may have been again organized; the whole
authority may have been reinstated; and yet she
would not be entitled to appoint Senators or to
elect Representatives until Congress should de-
clare that the rebellion was ended as to her, ot
until both Houses should agree to receive Sena-
tors and Representatives. Now, I submit to my
friend from Vermont that if he concurs with me
in thinking that these States are now in the Union-,
a proposition like that is notoriously in conflict
with that opinion; and I hope, therefore, with due
deference to the better judgment of the honorable
member who moves the amendment, that it may
not be adopted, but that on the contrary we shall
adopt the proposition as it came from the House
of Representatives and as it stands amended by
the report of the Judiciary Committee of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I under-
stand tiiat this resolution,as passed by the House
of Representatives, has already been amended in
the Senate on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Then it must go back
to the House of Representative^ for action. Hav-
ing already been amended by the Senate, it will
have to leceive action again m the other House,
and the amendment which I propose, if adopted,
will notalter that condition. There is, therefore,
no objection to my amendment on that ground.
In the act of 1861 Congress did not attempt to
declare any particular State to be m a condition
of war or insurrection. That act was drawn
with care, and was intended to be sc. It states
a condition of things, and declares that when that
condition of things arises in any State, in that
contingency the President may issue his procla-
mation declaring the inhabitants of lhat State to
be in a condition of insurrection, and thereupon
the consequences are to ensue which are stated in
