THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
#ct,-the,consequences of a state of war  Con-
gressalone Under our:Constitution has the power
gfoelare war, and therefore Congress alone is to
define what shall be a condition of war with any
of our own States. In fact, there may he a faar
jof 0115 own States against the Government, as
experienced sadly, and of course, there-
fee, there may be a war of the Government
UgainsMhem. I say Congress is to declare when
.^aticondition of,circumstances exists; and Con-
gress did it in the act of 1861.
, ^IdisWke the proposition contained in this House
jrptyulutton, because by it Congress undertakes to
exercise the power of declaring now, and in rela-
tion to a pending election, that the votes of partic-
liJttrS.ttUeSyby name,shall not becounted,because
those States are in a condition of insurrection. I
folike to undertake to legislate for a State by
name particularly, as I have before stated to the
Senate. I want a general law on the subject,
fhe act of 1861 was a general law by which all
•States were subjected to its operation in the same
contingency. It seems to me that Congress, who
defined in the act of 1861 what should be a con-
dition of things which would put the inhabitants
of si. State in a state of insurrection against the
government, can alone define and dccide upon
that condition of things which shall restore a State
to its allegiance. The decision must be by the
game body, the same power. I know in relation
to foreign nations that if we have a war with
t.hem declared by Congress, the President, with
£be concurrence of two thirds of the Senate, may
make a treaty of peace; but even in that case,
there is the intervention and the exercise of power
by one branch of Congress, the legislative de-
partment, But it seems that some gentlemen
imagine that when we have made a laty declaring
the circumstances and contingencies which shall
create a condition of insurrection and war on the
part of States against the General Government,
that condition may cease by the decision of the
Executive, without any intervention of the power
which created it. That does not seem to mc to
be so. A treaty of peace cannot be made with
the insurrectionary States. The President can-
not negotiate a treaty of peace with Mr, Davis or
anybody in the South. No such treaty can ever
come before the Senate, if you treat with them,
you acknowledge their power as a nation; you
acknowledge them as an independent power. No
such treaty ever can be made. The declaration
jnade by the act of 1861, which the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided amounted
to a declaration of war, was an act of the Legisla-
ture/, and inasmuch as the treaty-making power
cannot make a treaty of peace in this case, L think
the legislative power should be exorcised in de-
claring the restoration of the condition of peace,
in declaring when, in the judgment of Congress,
we have reached a cessation of the condition of
insurrection. Congress has power to put an end
to the old condition, or both Houses by receiving
members from those States decide in effect that
the condition of war has ceased; but, in the mean
time, until that does take place, I think the peo-
ple in such a State should not be exercising the
powers of the inhabitants of an independent State
of the Union.
I propose to do this thing by the exercise of
the same power which created the existing condi-
tion of affairs in the act of 1861. 1 wish by the
law to state the condition, and to let Congress
decide upon the condition of things which will
restore the States to their former relations. That
should be done by the two branches of Congress,
either by the passage of a law or the admission
of members. That seems to me to be untying
the knot in the manner in which it was tied.
For these reasons, and because I want the law
to be a general law like other iaws for all States
in the same contingencies, I prefer the amend-
ment which I have presented. The suggestion
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, that the
President m ight declare a State to b#in a condition
of insurrection in order to prevent her voting for
President, is to me too distant, too improbable,
too extravagant a supposition for anybody to
present it as an argument.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Vermont a question, and before
doing so I will make a statement, it is my pur-
pose to recognize the State government of Ten-
nessee, Louisiana, and Arkansas, and to vote for
the reception of the Senators from those States
whenever they present themselves. Suppose we
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to-day, and Senators from those three States
present themselves to-morrow for reception here,
and the members of the other House present them-
selves to that-House, is there anything in this
amendment to preclude such action? Will the re-
ception of those Senators and Representatives re-
instate those States in the Union as they were
before they rebelled?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has put
this question very candidly and he is entitled to
as much of an answer as 1 am prepared to make.
The adoption of my amendment would in no way
in my estimation embarrass the question which
the gentleman puts, or any action which Con-
gress might take upon it. To be sure it would
do what it says, shut outthe electoral votes which
have been cast in any of these States heretofore
in the interim; that is all.
I will say, further, thatin deciding upon receiv-
ing Senators from any State which has been in a
condition of insurrection, I do not think it is
necessary that there should be a law like that
which is ordinarily passed, called an " enabling
act," to enable a Territory to form a State govern-
ment. I do not think it needs any new law of
Congress to enable the people of any one of the
States which are in insurrection to lay down their
arms, go home, and submit to the operations of
the General Government, reorganize their State
government, and presenttheir Representatives for
admission here. 1 say it requires no previous law
of Congress to enable them to do that. Indeed
we have decided repeatedly in Congress that it
needs no enabling act to enable a Territory to form
a State government, if they do meet in conven-
tion, and do form a State constitution, republican
in its form, and actually elect their members and
Senators under it, Congress has recognized such
States and received those Senators and members
elected before any act was passed on the subject
by Congress. No doubt in my mind the same
thing may be done here. If we are satisfied that
the reorganization is substantial and abiding, that
it has been fairly made, and that it will answer
the ends of reorganization, undoubtedly we may
admit, by our act here, the Senators, and the
other House may admit the Representatives, with-
out any previous action of Congress about it. I
think the gentleman has my whole answer.
Mr. POWELL. Allow me to ask theSenator
a question. If the Senate were to admitthe Sen-
ators from those States, and the other House
should admit their Representatives, then would
the electoral votes be counted in elections held
hereafter unless Congress should pass a law pre-
venting it?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly. And I have
put in my amendment the very words that they
shall not castelectoral votes until either their con-
dition of lebelhon has been declared to cense by
virtue of a law of Congress, or their members are
admitted to seats in both branches of Congress.
Mr. POWELL. I was notaware that the lat-
ter provision was in the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have made that modifi-
cation.
Mr. POWELL. Was it proposed to-day?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. I was not aware of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am free to acknowledge
that 1 prefer the proposition m this form so that
this law, when passed, shall stand consistently
with the laws we have heretofore enacted. And
i wish it to stand in a shape requiring that the
members shall have been admitted in both Houses.
I do not want a quarrel and controversy got up
by a possible supposition of the two Houses dif-
fering on the question.
Mr. POMEROT. I do not yet understand
the Senator from Vermont to have answered the
question whether he would receive members from
States declared to be in insurrection, and admit
them here unless there was a previous act of Con-
gress or proclamation of the President removing
the restriction. Would he receive Senators while
there was non-intercourse between the States they
represented and the other States?
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought I had answered
that, and i think if I had been listened to atten-
tively it would be found that I had answered.
Mr. POMEROY. I listened attentively.
Mr. COLLAMER. I lesembled the case, for
it is the nearest parallel I can make, to the case
of a Territory which organized a State govern-
ment and sent representatives here.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no non-intercourse
proclaimed with Territories.
Mr. COLLAMER. That makes no difference
as to this point. Here we have prevented com-
mercial intercourse because of the existence of a
state of war. Though the people of a Territory
had no right to electa Senator when they did elect
him in the case I have mentioned, and though
they had no light at that time to elect members
to Congress, yet if they did make a constitution
and did make those elections, and Congress after-
ward by law ratify what they have done, it is all
well enough. Just so here; though these States
have not by any previous legislation of Con-
gress been declared to be out of the condition of
insurrection, yet if they are so in point of fact,
and it turns out that they have regularly reor-
ganized a loyal State government under the Uni-
ted States and made elections accordingly, and
Congress on examination become satisfied of that,
find that to be true, and that the government
they have formed will answer all the purposes of
a State government and can be perpetuated, and
Congress then admits their representatives, that
is the end of it. My amendment is that when "
their representatives are admitted by the two
Houses their electoral votes shall be received.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know, after
we authorize the President by proclamation to
cut off all commercial intercourse with the re-
bellious States, whether the President himself,
without any further act of Congress, cannot re-
store that commercial intercouse; whether, as fast
as the rebellion disappears before the advance of
our armies, this intercourse is not restored in the
same proportion? I think the honorable Sena-
tor's view of it involves a non sequitur. Because
we have authorized the President to cut off inter-
course with these States, it does not follow that it
will require another law to restore it. it restores
itself, of itself, the moment the rebellion has been
put down, it comcs back of itself; it is the nat-
ural condition which was disfuibed and deranged
by this abnormal state of affairs which the le-
belhon introduced; it is not necessary that there
should be any further legislation in order to bring
it back to the healthful and ordinary condition.
Mr. JOHNSON. When i was up before I
had not the act of July, 1861, before me, to which
my friend from Vermont has referred, i have it
now, and 1 think it will be found entirely incon-
sistent with the proposition which his amend-
ment includes. I understand his amendment to
be that no votes, either cast now or cast hereaf-
ter for electors of President and Vice Ptesidont,
are to be counted until either Congress shall by
law declare that the States are to be considered
as States in the Union, or until both branches of
Congiess shall have received the representatives
who may have been elected by the inhabitants of
such States. The proclamation to which my
friend refers is the proclamation which the Pres-
ident was authorized to issue under the authority
of the fifth section of the act of July 13, 1861.
A majority of the Supreme Court decided that
war existed between the United States and the
rebellious States just as efficiently before the act
of July 13,1861, was passed, as afterward. The
only difference between the judges was whether
it was to be considered as existing until the act
of July 13 was passed; but the court decided
that it would have been perfectly immaterial
whether the act of July 13 had been passed at
all; and the majority who held that opmion.said
that after the act of 13th of July was passed there
could be no doubt of the question, because that
act recognized a state of war. The minority of
the court was of opinion that until the act of
July 13 was passed, it was to be considered merely
as an insurrection, notaffectmg atail the political
relation existing between the States in rebellion
and the rest of the States. The act of July J3, in
the section which alone applies to the case, merely
says:
" That whenever the President, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the second section of the act entitled 'An act to
prov.de tor calling forth the miliuu to execute the htws of
the Union, pupptcss insunections and lepel invasions,and
to repeal the act now in force for that purpose,' approved
Fobiuary OS, 1795, shall have called foith themihtia to sup-
press combinations agaiuat the laws of the United States,
