'1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
man, had been persuaded by certain parties that
large amounts of cotton could be gotten out from
certain localities; and that he had issued permits to
differentindividuals to bringout this cotton, which
they represented was within the reach of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CONNESS. Who signed those permits?
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Risley. The Presi-
dent afterward gave an order to the military and
naval forces to aid those parties in getting out the
cotton which they were permitted by the Treas-
ury previously to get out. That is the whole his-
tory of the transaction.
Mr. COLLAMER. The law provided for
agents to buy for the Government,and the places
were fixed by the order of the Treasury where
they should go. Now, at what place was this
Mr. Risley an agent?
Mr. CHANDLER. He islocated in the Treas-
ury Department here.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not making him
an agent of the Government down there to buy.
Mr. CHANDLER. He is in the Treasury
Department, and has the management of that par-
ticular branch of the Treasury Department here.
Mr. COLLAMER. But by what law can he
authorize any persons to make a purchase, and
get out cotton, unless they are agents of the Gov-
ernment under the act?
Mr. CHANDLER. It was done under the
Treasury regulations, under this very eighth sec-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. Risley professes to be agent
for the district of Norfolk, but he does not live in
Norfolk, and has no office there.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to say, that this
matter may be clearly understood, that there were
placed in my possession long since oiders directly
emanating both from the President and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and signed by them, calling
upon the officers of the Governmentin the depart-
ment of Louisiana to permit certain parties named
therein to go within our lines and purchase cotton,
calling upon all the authorities to permit and fa-
cilitate them,and I have been asked to interfere in
behalf, 1 will say, of some of the best friends 1 have
ever had in the world; but in accordance with a
determination to avoid doing what in my opinion
I should not do I have never made any applica-
tion in behalf of anybody in this connection.
These copies are in my possession yet, though I
have them not at my desk now. If the law per-
mitted this to be done, or if they were issued under
a misapprehension, it is for us now to correct the
matter and have the law properly carried out as
originally intended.
i have no condemnation to speak here of the
issuance of these orders. The opinion of the
Senate has been once expressed very definitely
in this regard. I have no question about the bad
policy of this trade. I have no question but that
when General Canby said that permitting this
trade togoon was equal to the loss of fifty thousand
men to us in hisdepartment lie spoke the truth,and
what he knew; 1 have no doubt of that. The par-
ties who applied to me were aggrieved and angered
by the action of General Canby in interfering, as
they said, with the orders of the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States,
but to his credit, be it said, he did interfere and
stop it, depending upon both the justice and en-
lightenment of the Chief Magistrate, who, when
the whole matter was properly represented to him
has affirmed,1'through the War Department, the
correctness of General Canby'saction, and there
the matter now stands.
If contracts have been made and now exist in
pursuance of these orders, under if you please a
misapprehension of the law, 1 have no objection
that itshall beapproved as in the House bill that
thecontracts now in existence may be carried out;
but amend it so that they shall be contracts made
in pursuance of law; stop the abuses now going
on. This trade does not depend upon orders is-
sued by a mistake by Mr. Risley in the Treasury
v Department. That statement is not correct; and
if the Senate acted on that statement, they would
act underamisapprehension of the facts. I think
it is time to act; the public good requires it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That General Canby
stated 1ns honest conviction I have no doubt, but
that he was laboring under avery serious misap-
prehension 1 believe. If the repeal of this eighth
section would absolutely stop all traffic,perhaps
it might be desirable to repeal the section; but the
history of the past four years has shown that that
cannot be done. You cannot stop this traffic.
Mr. CONNESS. And hence we must increase
it!
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; hence we must
control it. Under the eighth section and under
the present regulations one fourth of the value of
all the cotton purchased goes into the Tieasury
of the United States, and all that is seized is con-
demned, and that goes into the Treasury of the
United States.
With regard to the abuses that have sprung up
under this eighth section, the Secretary explained
the subject to me yesterday. He said that per-
mits had been granted for large amounts of cotton
by the mistake of Mr. Risley , if you please, for I
believe it to have been a mistake on his part.
These parties having permits to bring out ten,
twenty, or one hundred bales, instead of them-
selves getting that amount, went and sold or made
over the privilege of gettingouta portion of what
they were authorized to get out to other parties.
The very moment that was discovered by the
Secretary of the Treasury and by Mr. Risley
they immediately stopped issuing such permits;
they annulled all such permits as they could an-
nul, and to-day none are being'issued.
Now the Secretary informs me that it is very
important for the Treasury that this cotton should
be gotten out and thrown on the market. It has
a tendency to lessen the price of gold; it has a
tendency to improve our finances. He is goiri;"
out of the Treasury into the Senate where he can
explain it here to-morrow; but he deems it a
matter of vita! importance to the interests of the
Treasury that this eighth section should be al-
lowed to stand, and so do I; and I hope it will
stand, although I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to move its repeal.
Mr. GRIMES. We have a very anomalous
case presented to us here, a unanimous report of
the Committee on Commerce in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill, and the chairman of that com-
mittee attempting to defeat its passage. It seems
that a very great revolution has taken place within
the last few hours, or within a day or two, in the
sentiments of the Senator from Michigan—almost
as miraculous as that attributed to the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] the other day by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in reference
to the conversion of St. Paul. I have just as high
a respect for and just as much confidence in the
wisdom, integrity, and capacity of the Secretary
of the Treasury as the Senator from Michigu.i
has, orasanybodyelse has; but I never yet have
surrendered and I never intend to surrender my
independent power ofjudgment to the Secretary
of the Treasury or to any other man. I never
entertained any doubt as to the propriety of stop-
ping this trade and stopping it effectually, sealing
it up hermetically, so that neither Army, nor
Treasury, nor Navy, nor anybody else, could
carry on commerce with the rebels. I never could
conceive of the propriety of professing to carry
on war with one hand and trading with the enemy
with the other, furnishing them the very supplies
that are calculated to strengthen and support them
and to invigorate their armies with which they
propose to take our lives.
The argument is made that we are going to pay
them in gieenbacks, with our national currency.
IIow long do you think that currency remains
in their bauds? I admit that it would be com-
paratively worthless so long as it is kept within
the confederate lines; but how long is it kept
within those lines ? They have means every day,
almost hourly, to carry it across the lines, and by
the same process they carry back supplies for the
support and sustenance of their army and those
who support their army at home.
The Senator from Michigan has had something
to say about the stealing of the Navy. Admit
all that he says, that the officers of the Navy did
desire to secure some of this cotton in the early
stages of the war; is not that stopped? Has not
Congress placed upon the statute-book a law that
there shall be no prize whatever on any of the
inland waters of the United States? Does the
repeal of the law of July 2, 1864, therefore, grant
any privilege to officers or men of the Navy'
Not at all. JJoes it confer any boon or grant any
privilege to any officer or any man in the Army?
Not at all. The only cfFect of repealing this sec-
tion, letting all the rest of the law stand from
which this'eighth section is extracted, will be to
declare that there shall from this time forth be no
trade with the rebels, and that I think is what we
ought to do.
Mr.President, the Senator from California was
quite right when he said that in order to secure
one of these contracts, to getany advantage from
one of these contracts, it is not alone necessary
to secure a written license, or a permit, or a con-
tract, if you wish to call it such, from Mr. Risley.
We have the very pleasant fiction of regarding a
clerk in the Treasury Department by the name of
Risley as local agent at Norfolk. So any gen-
tleman, lobbyist or otherwise, who wants to en-
gage in this business of buying cotton or selling
cotton, goes to Mr. Risley and enters into a con-
tract representing that he will furnish twenty,
fifty, or two hundred and fifty thousand bales of
cotton within three or four States, say the States
of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, arid Ala-
bama. The cotton is in those States. That con-
tract is of no value unless the contractor can get
a mandate from the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States and from
the Secretary of War, directing that the energies
of the Army and Navy shall be applied and used
in the assistance of the man who has entered into
this contract in carrying it out; and it is that to
which General Canby and all the other officers of
the Army so strenuously object.
Mr. CONNESS. And successfully.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. Now, I am told that
within the last three weeks, since this subject was
under consideration here, a gentleman in a State
adjoining the one in which 1 live, a man not par-
ticularly noted by his character for loyalty to
the Government, has secured a contract with the
Department, and has entered upon its execution,
by which he is to deliver to the Government sev-
eral thousand bales of cotton, to be brought out
of the Red river country. That contract canies
with it the same mandate from the military com-
mander-in-chief that the efforts of the officers in
that section of country shall be used in order to
enable this man to carry out his contiact and to
realize the large amount of profits which he ex-
pects to realize upon it. All you want to know
in regard to this subject is contained in a record
that is on your desks, published by the authority
of the Senate. Some of these gentlemen divide
up their contracts. I sec that a gentleman from
Illinois has several contracts—I forget how many;
three at any rate—obtained at one time, worth
§20,000 each; my friend from Missouii [Mr.
Drown] suggests$50,000 each. I understand this
gentleman took one of those contracts to New
York and sold it. In New York they sell them
to parties who wish to embark in this kind of
trade for fifteen, twenty, twenty-five, or thirty
thousand dollars, and put the money in their
pockets, and the parties to whom it is transferred
attempt to execute the contract made by theiras-
signors.
Is it for the interest of this Government that this
thing should proceed further? Is it notcalculnted,
and is not that the testimony, to demoralize our
service? I call upon the chairman of the commit-
tee on the conduct of the war to bear evidence
as to the fact; is it not the testimony of every
military officer that nothing is more calculated to
demoralize the public military service than this
system of trading with the enemy?
Mr. WADE. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. He bears testimony to the
fact. Is it not so in the nature of things?, Is
there a maftof reflection and common sense who
is not satisfied that that must be the result? If
we are going to put down the rebellion and close
this war it must be done by fighting, and not by
trading. Either withdraw your armies and go
to trading, or else cease tiading and continue to
fight.
Mr. CHANDLER. My conversion is not
quite as sudden as the Senator from Iowa seems
to think. St. Paul was converted very suddenly
indeed; he saw a brilliant light; but there are
some men who never see any light; they are
born blind, and they stay blind; and there are
other men so pig-headed that they svill not spe
when it is brought to their notice. [Laughter.1
i always advocated this eighth section, advocated
it in the Committee on Commerce when it was
first proposed there, and have adyocated it ail the
