THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
_____ *• '
trifling, we cannot look upon our own fields, our
own States, and our own homes, without feel-
ing thaj. we have committed the error of our lives,
and sinned against the God of justice, whose
judgment it has been to visit us with these hor-
rors. We se^ il all; jve know that we have been
led astray by a fe.w master-spirits; but we feel in
honor bound'to .stand by them. We ask, there-
fore, A general amnesty; pardon all." Suppose
ihe President sa^ys, and. he has a right to say it
tJnder tirje .authority with which he is clothed,
th,e pardoning power—those men being oflenders
against their duties as citizens, and having com-
mitted treason, he has the power to pardon them
—suppose he says, " I pardon all." He issues
the amnesty proclamation to-morrow, announces
that the rebellion is ended, the insurrection ter-
minated, and upon terms honorable to the United
States. The plea upon which it rested for its
justification constitutionally is withdrawn. They
confess it has no foundation. They are back.
Can you say that he has not the authority to do
so? We have not the authority; it belongs to
him; and it is for him to decide when he will
exercise it. He turns to the act of 13th July,
1861, and he finds that the termination of his
power to use the Navy and Army of the United
States and the militia of the United States to put
down the insurrection is the termination of the
insurrection, and he comes back to the scat of
Government and announces to the constituted
authorities of Congress and the country that the
war is over. What are we to say? It is not ne-
cessary to consult us; I mean in point of law.
The manner of doing this is quite another thing.
1 have my own opinion about that. I do not
choose to express it here.
But suppose he comes back and issues a proc-
lamation such as I have indicated—and Godgrant
that he may, provided the terms be honorable and
fair—and communicates the facts to Congress,
what are you going to do? Why, Senators, what
happened the other day? It was shown that not-
withstanding the arts of the traitor and the dema-
gogue, no length of time will be sufficient to ex-
clude from the bosom of Americans the affection
which they hold toward each other and toward
their country. These commissioners it was known
had left Richmond on their way here upon some
mission of peace. They first went through tiie
lines of their troops. How did they go through ?
Amidst the huzzas and gladdened shouts of the
thousands and thousands of men who are there in
battle array against the opposite foe. They passed
their lines; and we are told by the Richmond press
that the moment the news reached the Army of
the United States, the soldiers cheered universally
until each man grew hoarse. Cheered for what
on cither side? Cheered because they saw, as
they thought, that the war which had made them
enemies was about to terminate; that the ancient
brotherhood was to be restored; that they should
no more meet each other in battle-array, or in the
grasp of death, to do all they could to murder
each other; but that the time was approaching
when they could embrace each other as brethren
and as American citizens.
Mr. CONK ESS. Will the Senato r permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainjy.
Mr. CONNESS. How does the Senator know
but that the southern army, so called, cheered be-
cause they believed that those commissioners
were going to arrange the terms for their inde-
pendence, as they term it? And how does the
Senator know butthat our Army cheered because
they believed the commissioners were going to
acknowledge the power of the Union and the
supremacy of our flag?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know. I think I
have already stated that I do not know anything
about it. But how does the honorable member
know that they did not? If both sides cheered,
the probability is that they were cheering for the
same purpose. But let me answer the honorable
member. The southern soldiers,and particularly
the officers, are not so besotted as to believe that
this war is to terminate by the recognition of their
independence, particularly at this time. The
armies of the Union and the navies of the Union
are triumphant everywhere. Victory perches
upon our standard in every battle-field and upon
every naval encounter, and these men know that.
Jefferson-Davis, or . those in authority, never
would have authorized commissioners except
under an authority to yield their asserted inde-
pendence and to recognize the continuing integ-
rity of the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will permit
me,^ 
Mr. JOHNSON. I would rather not be inter-
rupted now.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I merely rose to
ask the Senator a question for information.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have only a word or two
more to say.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator's pardon
for having interrupted him.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all. I am perfectly
willing that either of the gentlemen should rise
and put any question to me, and I only objected
to the honorable member from Michigan because
I was about to close. I will not postpone any
question put to me for any length of time.
But suppose we do not know for what they were
cheering. Have we any right to suppose that the
fact is not as I have stated? Is it so improbable
that no sane man could suppose they were cheer-
ing for such a thins: ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps they were cheer-
ing at the idea that they would be able to go
home in peace.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt about that.
I refer to this, Mr. President, simply for the pur-
pose of showing that no matter what has hap-
pened in the past, no matter how bitterly we have
felt toward the South, if we have felt bitterly to-
ward the South, and no matter how bitterly they
have felt toward us, as certainly they have, all
the indications are that they have seen the error
of their ways; and if, having come to that con-
clusion, they throw down their arms, and the
President declares by his proclamation of am-
nesty that they are all pardoned, and announces
to the country that the war is at an end, you may
pass as many acts of Congress to raise tioops to
curry on the war as you please, and you will not
get a man. The hearts of the people would rebel
at carrying on an unnecessary conflict with those
who have stood shoulder to shoulder with us in
some of the most trying periods of our history,
carrying with us the standard of the Union upon
every battle-field contributing to our glory, and
sharing with us in that glory. They never will
consent, and God forbid that they should, to carry
on the war a moment after, in point of fact, obe-
dience has been yielded by these men, criminal
or mistaken, and the authority of the Union re-
stored everywhere throughout the country, and
the ilag floating upon every place on which the
Aug could properly float.
i have been led into this discussion by my de-
sire to meet the authority of the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont, and nobody yields to it with
more pleasure than I do, who seems to contend
that this war must go on until the insurrection
is declared to be terminated by Congress, or until
Senators and Representatives have been received
in the Senate and House of Representatives under
the act of July 13,1861, because, by my interpre-
tation of that act, the President has no power to
carry on the war an hour after he is satisfied that
the hostility which authorized him to employ the
Army and Navy has terminated. Once termi-
nated, for all the consequences he is responsible
to the country.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Would you rather speak
to-morrow ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a recess.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not want to come
back here to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS,
until to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER.
Well, we will adjourn
If any gentleman wishes
to move an adjournment I will give way.
Mr. COWAN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
VEAK—Me&srs. Hiown, Chandler, CoIIamer, Cowan,
Davi-s, Dixon, Doohttie, Harlan, llariis, Hende^on, Hen-
ducks Howaul, IIowe, Johnson, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Spiague, Sumner, Van Winkle. Wilkinson, and
VYUglit—23. '
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Conness
Farwell. Fj &ter, Grimes., Hale, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas,Mojgun, Morrill, Nye, Powell. Sherman, Stewart,
Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, WiJlcy, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Measrs. Oarhle, Foot, Haiding, Ilicks, Mc-
Dougall, Richardson, Riddle, and Sanlsbury—8.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 3, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channinu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
MARKIA0KS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill in relation to marriages in the District of
Columbia; which wasread afirstand second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, informed the House that the Sen-
ate insist upon its amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 621) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1866, and agree to the conference asked by
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and appoint Messrs. Howe,
HarriSs and Hendricks as the committee on the
part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its amendment
to the bill (H.R. No. 709) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of ihe fiscal
year enaing 30th June, 1865, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing votes of ihe two Houses there-
on, and have appointed Messrs. Clark, Grimes,
and Riddle, as the committee on the part of the
Senate.
COMMITTEES OF CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Stevens,
Pendleton, and Morrill,members of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER also appointed Mr. Blaine,
Mr. Mallory, and Mr. Orth, members of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Military Academy bill.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER. Thisbeingprivate bill day,
the first business is the consideration of the bills
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
Friday last.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous question
upon all the bills reported from the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trustmy friend from Penn-
sylvania will confine his demand to each bill as
it comes up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana may demand a separate vote upon each bill,
or he may insist that the demand for the previ-
ous question shall be confined to each bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 insist upon that.
The House then proceeded to act upon the bills
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
Friday last, as follows:
BELIEF OF CERTAIN FRIENDLY INDIANS.
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of certain
friendly Indians of the Sioux nation in Minne-
sota.
Mr. HALE. Upon that bill I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT FOR INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
A bill (H. R. No. 69) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands and improve-
ments of private citizens, appropriated by the
United States for Indian reservations in the Ter-
ritory of Washington.
