1805.
m® mmwmimm glosk
abuse, it lays the foundation for confusion, dis-
tress, almost bankruptcy; individual bankruptcy
on a large scale, because the commercial affairs
of the country cannot go on prosperously, if,
when we have victory, gold continues to me in
the market. I say, therefore, Mr. President, for
the sake of our national finances you must hesi-
tate before you adopt the bill as itcomesfrom the
House.
Some Senators say cotton is king, and some
say it is not king; but I will tell you who do re-
cognize cotton as king; I will tell you those who
bend before the sovereignty of cotton.
Mr. GRIMES. The people of Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
it is those who now seek to cut off this trade.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. SUMNER. You prepare the way for
bending before its sovereignty because you will
give to cotton the control of the money market of
the world; that control to be used adverse to your
national interests. I am not disposed to accord
to this sovereignty any such power. 1 wish, if
possible, to bend it to our own national interests;
to yoke it, if I may, as a patriotic power to be
used for the welfare of my country. I have said,
sir, that all that you need to get rid of is the abuse.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator be kind
enough to tell us what he understands by the
abuse ?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the abuse to be
the illicit purchase of cotton in places where it
should not be purchased and in ways that it
should not be purchased. I am much obliged to
the Senator for asking me the question. 1 think
that all we need removed now is what I have called
the abuse; and lhat the careful Treasury regula-
tions 
Mr. GRIMES. How would the Senator have
it purchased ?
Mr. SUMNER. I would have it purchased
within our own military lines.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
if there is any law or regulation that now prevents
any one from buying cotton or anything else
within our own military lines? The very purpose
of the bill which is sought to be repealed is to en-
able parties to go within the rebel lines in order
to get out cotton; and it is to that that General
Canby, in command of the department of the Mis-
sissippi, particularly objects, and says that in-
formation will be carried by these Treasury agents
and Treasury contractors to the rebels, so that an
army of fifty thousand additional men will be re-
quired in order to support ourselves in his de-
partment alone.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; there is no such
power accorded under this section; there is no
power given to trade within the rebel lines; and
I submit that this whole matter may be regulated
by the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Leave it to him, especially after the recent
criticisms, after the attention that has been drawn
to the subject by thisdebate; arid I doubt notthat
he will impose upon the trade restrictions which
will satisfy even the jealous Senator from Iowa.
At any rate, I insist that the Senate should not
take a step which will (to use a familiar illustra-
tion) kill thegoose that lays our golden egg. We
must not give up the idea of having cotton. We
must- have it. It is needed not merely to the busi-
ness of the country, but toils foreign exchanges,
its finances, its national credit.
Mr. WADE. At this period of the session I
do not propose to enter into an elaborate argu-
ment on this question; but 1 have paid some con-
siderable attention to it in the progress of the
session, and have conversed a good deal with
military men who were engaged upon our borders
in regard to it, and ascertained from them the de-
moralizing influence this trade in cotton has had
among all classes of people along our lines. It
is an endeavor to do that which was never at-
tempted in any other country, or at any other
time; and that is to carry out the idea that you
may fight an enemy and trade with him at the
same time. It is a paradox, a solecism, a thing
that never entered the brains of any other people
in the world.
The Senator from Massachusetts says you
must" have cotton; at all hazards you must have
cotton. As the old miser said to his son, " Get
it honestly if you can," butat all hazards getcot-
ton. [Laughter.] Sir, I do not admit that cot-
ton is the suprejne motive for which men live or
die. I know that cotton at the present time is a
very valuable commodity; I know that it com-
mands a great price in gold in the markets of the
world; but, si r, there is one thing worth infinitely
more than gold or silver, and that is the honor of
a nation and the honesty of mankind. " Beware
of temptation," is a mandate of more than human
wisdom. Do not be lured to place these tempta-
tions before mankind and before the officers of
your Government, by the idea that if cotton is
not obtained in this way it will require gold to
purchase it. I would rather the nation would
sink into poverty, retaining its honor, retaining
the manliness and honor of its people, than to
see it grow rich amid such temptations as you
are holding out.
The Senator from Massachusetts tells us that
the bill of the House goes too far; lhat the trade
is all well enough provided you can divest it of
all matter of abuse; and he wants to strike at the
abuse. Anything is right if you can so arrange
it that it shall be destitute of any abuse. I do
not care what it is, if you can divest it of the ele-
ment of evil that is mixed up with it, I shall have
no objection to it. But, sir, the idea is erroneous
in this case. You cannot so arrange this matter
that it will not be a standing abuse all the time.
It has been the most corrupting influence that
ever entered as an elementinto this corrupt Gov-
ernment.
What do you propose to do ? To authorize
somebody to give permission ad libitum to agents
to go forth and buy cotton and speculate in that
valuable commodity without any restriction or
restraint to deprive them of the ability of abusing
that power to any extent. What has been the
result of it? Why, sir, no investigation has yet
fathomed that sink of iniquity, that sewer of cor-
ruption, that has been laid open here by the Gov-
ernment. 1 dare not trust myself to speak upon
this subject as I feel. It would have influences
in some quarters which for the present restrain
me from speaking out. It is corrupting every-
body that has come within the circle of its influ-
ence. What more corrupting can there be than
to authorize any man to give permits and licenses
to go forth into the southern country and trade
in this most valuable commodity? Sir, since
Warren Hastings took the governorship of India
there has been no such gigantic corruption as has
been practiced underthisGovernment; no oppor-
tunities for that meed of corruption that has been
developed by the latitudinous manner with which
men unauthorized by law have perverted law for
the purpose of building up their own wealth.
What accountability is there in any of your
officers down in that country? Is there any?
Why,sir, give me authority to sell these licenses
to purchase cotton in the southern States, and I
will warrant you that I can put in my own pocket
millions upon millions, and any investigation
that may be made will not make men the wiser
for it. Will you tempt men in this way ? Will
you intrust men with a power like this? Will
you deliberately, in the Senate of the United
States, pass a law that is open to this gigantic
abuse? Sir, I am opposed to it. If you will
have trade you must make peace.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that this
law does not authorize these agents to go within
the rebel lines to purchase. If it does not, then
your law is perfectly nugatory; because, as the
Senator from Iowa suggested, there is no law to
prevent any man within our own lines going forth
and trading in any lawful employment whatever,
among which is the purchase of cotton as well as
of wheat or corn. This law was not framed with
any such idea as-that; but it is to permit men to
go within the rebel lines and there purchase cot-
ton from rebels, and the consideration paid for it
will be the means of murdering your own men.
Those who propose to authorize this trade pro-
pose to authorize a trade in the souls and bodies
of men. When I went down the Mjssissippi
river a year ago I was told by officers high in the
Government, and who had every opportunity to
know how this trade operated, that they had no
doubt but what the enemy had received infinitely
more advantage in warlike implements and the
facilities to carry on the war against us by reason
of this unlicensed trade than they had received
from Nassau or from the illegitimate smuggling
trade of all Europe, and yet you propose to open
the gatesand to let in all this corruption to -which:
I have alluded.
I agree with the Senator from Iowa on this sub-
ject. I say open this trade to everybody; let
every man go in and trade with the rebels as much"
as he pleases, or else restrain everybody fronaf
going. The whole tiling is invidious; it is wrongs
it opens a flood-gate of corruption and of favor-
itism that I, as a Senator of the United States,
will never countenance anywhere. Senators talk
about having cotton, and say we must have it,
and that it will sink the price of gold in the mar-
ket. It may have that effect; but it sinks yout*
honor faster than it sinks the premium on gold.
Early in this discussion the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] with that wisdom that
characterizes almost everything he says, madea
speech here that ought to have convinced all men
of the impropriety of attempting to trade with
the people with whom you are at war. I wish
every Senator had heard and deliberated uport
that able speech. If it is necessary, I wish he
would repeat it. I say, sir, that every vote given
to open this flood-gate of corruption will carry
the implements of death and destruction into the
hands of those who intend to wield them against
our friends. I will never yield to it; and yet I
fear even now, after the great conspirators nave
left this Hall, that cotton will still prove to be
king; and the Senator from Massachusetts, who
•has fought against it up to this time, is lending
his influence, unwittingly, to the idea that cotton
is still to be king. I know he intends no such
thing. I know that of all men on earth he is the
first man that would discountenance corruption
in any form; but if he votes for this law that
authoiizes anybody to give out these licenses to
trade he votes for a law which he cannot prevent
operating in corruption and in the means of arm-
ing the enemy against us.
Mr. SUMNER. The speech of my excellent
friend was directed, as it seems to me, against
what does not exist. He assumes that under
this eighth section, which it is now proposed to
repeal, there may bo a trade within the lines of the
enemy; and it was against that trade that he made
his eloquent protest. Now,letme read the words
of the first part of that section:
" That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with the approval of the President, to authorize agents
to purchase for the United States any products of States
declared in insurrection, at such places as shall be desig-
nated by him."
The language, I admit, is broad; but of course
it is to be interpreted with reference to that state
of war in which we unhappily find ourselves. I
have reason to believe that, at least for a time,at
the Treasury it was interpreted, as 1 think it must
be, to limit purchases to places within our own
military possession. I did not understand that
my friend made objection to such purchases.
His eloquent speech inveighed against purchases
within the lines of the enemy; and he said that I
was lending myself to a corrupt practice, unwit-
tingly he admitted. I thank him for that admis-
sion; but, sir, I lend myself to no corrupt prac-
tice. I join with that Senator in striking at cor-
ruption wherever it shows its head. I join with
him in strikingatabuse whereveritappears. He
cannot go further than I will. Lot him show,
therefore, any abuse or any corruption in the pur-
chase of cotton, and 1 will join him in all prac-
tieal legislation to prevent its recurrence.
But the Senator goes too far. In seeking to re-
move an abuse, he unwittingly supports a meas-
ure, which, if adopted, wili seriously injure tho
national credit and interfere with the national
finances. Instead of'trimming the tree and cut-
ting off obnoxious branches, he would fell the
tree to the ground. If the tree be one that we
should cherish, then I am ready to cherish it.
Meanwhile, I would unite with my excellent
friend in removing from it all those branches
which are not for the good of the country.
Mr. WADE. I want to ask the Senator this
question: whether he is willing to restrict this
trade to trade with loyal men within our own
lines? If he is, I have no objection to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I thank the Senator for put-
ting the question. I have an amendment which
I propose to move, to strike out all after the word
" hereby" m the ninth line, and to insert as fol-
lows:
Amended by inserting the following proviso, to wit:
