1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HALE. Upon that I demand the previous
question. ,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HULL AND COZZENS, AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 713) for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens, and John Naylor & Company.
Mr, HALE. I demand the previous question
upon that bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUIS ROUERTS.
An act (S. No. 234) for the relief of Louis
Roberts.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous question
upon that bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JEAN M. LANDER.
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous question
upon that bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to he en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JETHRO BONNEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 571) for the relief of Jethro
Bonney.
Mr. HALE. I move the previous question on
that bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read thethird time,and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote b'y which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the organization of the Territory
of Arizona into a land district; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the special order, being "A bill (H. R
No. 676) making appropriations for the naval set-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1866."
The pending question was upon the amendment
submitted by Mr. Davis, of Maryland, being to
add the following to the bill:
Provided, That no money appropiiated for the naval ser-
vice ^hall be expended othervvue than m accoidance with
the following provision, so tar as it is applicable; tliatis to
say, that the President, by and witluhe advice and consent
of the Senate, shall appoint a Board of Admiralty, which
shall consist of the vice admiral and one rear admiral, one
commodore, one captain, one commander, and one lieuten-
ant commander, over which the Secretary of the Navy or
the officer highest in rank present shall preside; and when
the feubjectundei consideration shhll appertain to the duties
ol any bureau in the Navy Department, the chief of such
bureau shall be a member of the board, and entitled to sit
and vote on the consideration of the subject.
Sec. —. *Qnd heitjurtker enacted, That the board shall de-
liberate in common and advise the Secretary on any matters
submitted by him relating to naval organization, naval legis-
lation, the cuustiuctiuu, equipment, and armament of ves-
sels, navy-yards, and other naval establishments, and the
direction, employment, and disposition of the naval forces
in time of war. All such opinions shall be recorded.
Sec. —. %Atul be it further enactcd, That no vessel-of-
war shall be built or materially altered, nor any guns of new
construction ordered or adopted, nor any engine for any
vessel-ot-war adopted oi ordered, nor any permanent struc-
ture for naval service executed, until the plans, estimates,
proposals, and contracts for the same shall have been sub-
mitted to the boaid, and its opinion and advice thereon
coininunu ated m wiiting to the Secretary ; nor shall any
patented invention be bought or adopted for the naval ser-
vice without fiist the opinion of the boaid thereon having
been taken ; and all expei intents decided 10 test inventions
and naval plans and stiuetmes bhaii be conducted under
the inspection of the boaid, or members thereof named by
the Secretaiy, and submitted to the board ior its opinion
thereon.
Sec. —. J3nd be it further enacted, That all invitations
for plans or proposals ior any of the woiks above mentioned
shall be prepared by the board, subject to the appioval of
the Seeietary ; and all bidsoi ofteis> or proposals for thefc&me
shall he opened m the pieseuceol the board, and the award
made by it, subject to the approval of the Secretary.
fSEC. —. vhul be it further enactcd, That the Secretary
may add to the board, fiom tune to tune, other ollicers of
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three, at any time, ioi consultation on any of the
above subjects. The board may take the opinion of emi-
nent practical engineers mechanics, machinists,and archi-
tects, in their respective biauchcs of ait or industry, when
in their opinion the public service will be promoted by it,
and pay them piich reasonable compensation a<? the Secre-
taiy may approve.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon this question the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, and Mr. RICE, of
Massachusetts, addressed the House for nearly
two hours each. [Their remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will yield for a
moment, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to; there beirjg, on a
division—aye<9 51, noes 28.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having had under consideration
the special order, the bill (II. R. No. 676) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, 1866,had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
again lesolves itself into Committee of the Whole
oil the state of the Union on this bill, all general
debate terminate in one hour.
Pending the motion,
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 234) for the relief of Louis
Roberts;
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of certain
friendly Indians of the Sioux nation in Minne-
sota; and
An act (H. R. No. 644) to extend to certain
persons in the employ of the Government the ben-
efits of the Asylum for the Insane in the Distiict
of Columbia.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that that motion will
not be adopted. It is important to get through
with our appropriation bills, which are kept back
by ihese lengthy debates.
Mr. COX. 1 withdraw the motion.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House yesterday referred to the
Committee on Public Lands the bill (H. R. No.
730) to provide for the subdivision of the gold
and silver lands of jthe United States, and others
containing valuable numerals, for the coining pf the
products of such lands, and for other purposesj
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered!
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, the
House (at ten minutes before four o'clock, p« W.)
adjourned.  ; • 
IN' SENATE. , , :
Saturday, February 4, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.:
A message from the House of Representatives;
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of certain
friendly Indians of the Sioux nation in Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 234) for the relief of Louis
Roberts; and
A bill (H. R. No. 644) to extend to certain
persons in the employ of the Government the
benefits of the Asylum for the Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 31st ultimo, information relative to the
barracks proposed to be erected m Washington
for the accommodation of clerks on detached ser-
vice; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by theirtitles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Miliiia.
A bill (H. R. No. 571) for the relief of Jethro
Bonney—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands and improve-
ments of private citizens appropriated by the
United States for Indian reservations in the Ter-
ritory of Washington—to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 713) for the relief of Hull&
Cozzens and John Naylor & Company—to the
Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITII presented a petition of citizens
of Oregon, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Auburn to Umatilla City in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
M r. POMEROY presented the petition of James
G. Clarke, praying compensation for services
rendered as acting charge d'affaires in Belgium
from June 11,1857, to September 3,1858; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. ..
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of Jo-
seph O'Neal, praying compensation for damage
sustained by reason of the occupancy of his farm
by United States troops during and after the bat-
tle of Palling Waters, and for his crop taken and
used by the troops; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to present a
petition which I do not know exactly the nature
of, and which I have not read at length, but it is
very respectful in its language, and I suppose it
is proper to present it. It is a petition from Mr.
E. Bioodgood Beebe of the city of New York, in
favor of an offensive and defensive alliance with
the confederate States of America for the acqui-
sition of Mexico, Canada, and Cuba, and also in
favor of a treaty establishing free commercial and
social intercouise between the two confederacies
with a view to ultimate reunion. The petition
has been sent to me. It is very respectful in its
language and elegant in its appearance. 1 do not
know the nature of it, but 1 was requested to
present it, and I ask that it ho on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that it is a very
bad practice for Senators to present petitions they
