1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
March 3,
"Provided, That no purchase or otheroperatfon by any of
the agents aforesaid sh.ili be made except within the lines
of our military forces."
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
what advantage that will be ? Let me state a case
that is on record here in the Senate, and about
which there can be no controversy. It is not
more than four weeks ago that a vessel came out
of one of the North Carolina rivers in the sound,
loaded with articles that were contraband of war,
cotton, turpentine, and rosin. She went back
loaded with provisions and clothing; and the mo-
ment she reached the line that divided the two
armies, rebel soldiers in rebel uniform were put
on board of her, and protected and carried iter
back up into North Carolina whence she had
come. There is notanything to prevent anybody
coming within our lines, bringing in their cot-
ton, taking back supplies, and taking back what
is of more advantage to the rebels and more in-
jury to us—information as to the movements of
our troops. It is to that that the military officers
object.
Then what is the advantage of the Senator's
proposition? How is that going to accomplish
anything? Nobody denies the propriety or the
legality of trade within our lines; but how are
you to get the produce of the rebels within our
lines unless you allow them to come in? If they
come in, are they not going to take something in
exchange for what they bring with them? Will
they not carry out information from our lines into
their own? How can our military commanders
support and protect their forces and achieve their
successes if you are going to allow men to go
through from our lines and from their commands
into the rebel lines and communicate all the infor-
mation that they can obtain within our lines?
Jt is to that that General Canby objects; and it
was for that reason that he said he required fifty
thousand more men—some of them sons of Mas-
sachusetts—to help to protect our own forces and
our own positions. The very result of such a
proposition as is contained in this eighth section
is to require military forces to be drawn from all
the free States in order to protect the positions
we nowoccupy. his for that, among other rea-
sons, that I object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this war is
conducted at great cost and at great sacrifice of
life. At every stage there are hardships and dif-
ficulties. The Senator from Iowa discloses some
of the difficulties. I am not insensible to them;
but the practical question is, whether on account
of those difficulties we shall take a step which will
seriously embarrass the business, the finances,
and the credit of this country. 1 put the question
in that form.
Mr. GRIMES. The only difference between
the Senator from Massachusetts and myself then
is, that he is in favor of saving the dollars and I
am in favor of saving human blood.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not yield to the Senator
on that score; and when the Senator states his
argument in that form, permit me to say it is
nieiely a form of speech and not an argument.
The Senator knows peifectly well that I am not
less sensible than himself on that point. I do
not think that either side will gain by undertak-
ing to state the case in that form. The Senator
is anxious for human life; but he is not more anx-
ious than Ills associates and peers on this floor;
not more anxious than I am. In the discharge
of his public duties he feels that it is politic to cut
off and to exterminate this trade. 1 feel that it is
not politic to cut it off and to exterminate it. I
think that a true policy,with a thoughtful regard
to all the interests of ourcountry and to the estab-
lishment of its finances and its credit, requires that
the trade should not be absolutely cutoff and ex-
terminated. Follow out thatidea then, and apply
the remedy to the grievance or the abuse so far
as you can; but do not, in your ardor to strikeat
the grievance and the abuse, go still further and
damage seriously the important interests of your
country.
Mr. COLLAMER, I took occasion at a period
of the session when we were not hurried about
business to bring forward this subject. I at that
time Spoke at length upon it. I have not heard
any addition to the argument which 1 then made
in any part of it; but, sir, I do not suppose that
very many attended to what I said, and much
lets recollect it. Some gentlemen seem to con-
sider that there was some force in it. I do not
propose to repeat it; but there are one or two as-
pects that I desire again to niention, which I ex-
pect will share the same fate with the rest of it,
and be overlooked and forgotten.
There are two aspects in which we must look
upon this subject, and.in which we cannot avoid
looking at it. Whenever men look at it in a finan-
cial or pecuniary point of view, as a matter of
trade and money,they see it in one light,and it
is not extraordinary that they should come to like
conclusions. When you look at the subject in
a military point of view, and see the effects and
consequences of it in its bearing upon the great
war we have in hand, then we come to very dif-
ferent conclusions. I have seen gentlemen who
have occasionally talked with me about it, and
who would present forcibly its mercantile aspects,
and had been carried away with that view, who
at the same time had the candor to acknowledge
to me that when they looked at it in a military
point of view it was utterly indefensibleand could
not be sustained.
It all resolves itself into the simple question,
can you trade with a people and carrry on war
with that people? I repeat again—1 said that
before, and I have been honorably indorsed in
it—it is a paradox and a solecism. I am fully
aware of the importance of cotton, and of its being
king, as it is said. It is said cotton is gold; and
we ail know that it was said of old that an ass
laden with gold would pass through the gates of
the strongest city. If you look at it simply in a
money point of view, it is gold anywhere.
I know it was long claimed by our southern
friends that even in this struggle it would turn
out that cotton was king. They believed they
could command the Powers of Europe on that
ground. Well, sir, lias it succeeded? What
people on earth needed cotton more than Eng-
land? What people on earth could be more
tempted with the influence of a pecuniary" point
of view, and prosperity, through cotton, than the
people of Great Britain ? Have they not had the
integrity as a nation to say, " We will not ac-
knowledge the independence of that cotton-grow-
ing people; we will not identify ourselves with
them; though cotton is so valuable to us,though
our manufactories have suffered and gone down
and suffered, we will contribute to their support;
we will sustain our national integrity?" They
have not been able to bribe Europe with cotton,
even though it is gold. But here on this floor I
hear it this day acknowledged that it is a thing
we must have; and if it is that which we must
have, and it cannot be had by making prize, it
must be obtained by purchasing it; that is to say,
though in disguised terms, cotton is king; we will
how down to it and adore it. I said before, in
the very commencement of this war, that I ex-
pected it would turn out that cotton would be
king, and that that would be acknowledged here.
Though it has been spoken of heretofore with
derision, it is not to-day.
Mr. President, I know you can make money
by trading with the enemy. I am sensible of that.
But the trouble is not with me what you get from
the enemy; the trouble is what you carry to the
enemy. It is that you are to obtain this very
valuable product from them by paying them for
it. That is to furnish them with the sinews of
war. It was said of old that they sowed dragons'
teeth and they sprungup men; and I sayto you,
if you sow gold it will spring up men against you
in time of war better than dragons' teeth. You
furnish to these people an equivalent, a quid pro
quo, and pay for it. I do not say that the honor-
able Senator [Mr. Wilson] proposes to do that.
He proposes to take the cotton" and give them a
certificate to pay for it in time of peace hereafter.
That is entirely another affair. That is not the
section proposed to be repealed. The section pro-
posed to be repealed would pay them, and pay
them for it now. That is what I object to. That
is what I want repealed. It is utterly impossible
to carry that section into effect and carry on war.
General Canby tells you so. The true account
of it, as stated by the honorable Senator from
Iowa, is the very one that General Canby gives.
Senators talk about buying it within our lines.
There is none ihere. We do not have any of it
1 within our lines. We do not permit any of it t&
be within our lines, unless we make a direct cap-
i ture of a city before they have time to burn it.
n...mi
■\< to
Then how are you to get it within your lines?
By allowing the people who have it round about
within the enemy's lines to bring it in; and all
the regulations under that section are made to give
passesto them to bring itin. What do they carry
out? Money. I believe they are allowed to carry
out one fourth in provisions for their families.
What else do they carry out along with them?
Information of all the movements of your armies,
and all the plans you project for carrying on
movements against them, is carried out into the
enemy's country; and General Canby tells you
he cannot carry on military operations under the
operation of this section; the thing is impracti-
cable. That is nothing hut the proper solution
of the true idea on this subject, that you cannot
fight an enemy and trade with him.
As you cannot carry on both, what will you
do? I do not know but the best way is to with-
draw all your Army, and enlist a large force of
Yankee peddlers, pretty largely from Connecti-
cut, if you please, Rhode Island, and Massa-
chusetts, and even from Vermont, to go down
there and trade them all out; clean them out in
trade. [Laughter.] I would not object so much
to that; and 1 am not sure but it could be done.
I very much doubt whether we could not have
bought them all out for less money than it will
take to pay for this war. [Laughter.] But while
you are undertaking to fight them out, and carry-
ing on war, I object to yourfurnishing them with
the means, byway of tiade,to carry on that war
with you and against you. Itisall folly, it is all
delusion, to attempt to do such a thing. It arises
entirely from looking at the subject in a pecuniary
point of view. If that is the only way in which
you will look at it, keep up your trade, but do not
keep up the mockery of military operations under
a policy of that kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Represent-
atives.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolutions, which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 70) to enable the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle the claim of the
State of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of W. H. &
C. S. Duncan;
A bill (S. No. 318) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to lease and sell certain property
of the United States situated at Bath, in the State
of Maine;
A bill (S. No. 338) for the relief of Charles A.
Pitcher;
A bill (S. No. 370) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the better organization of
Indian affairs in California;"
A bill (S. No. 387) amendatory of an act to
amend an act entitled "An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts," approved March 3,
1863;
A bill (S. No. 389) relating to clerkships in the
Post Office Department;
A bill (S. No. 412) for the relief of Benjamin
Vreeland, surgeon in the Navy of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 450) for the relief of Samuel L.
Gerould;
A bill (S. No. 451) to incorporate the Colored
Union Benevolent Association;
A bill (S. No. 452) to incorporate thp Capitol
Hotel Company, in Washington, District of Co-
lumbia;
A bill (S. No. 4G3) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an 'Act making a grant of al-
ternate sections of public lands in the State of
Michigan, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State, and for other purposes;' "
A bill (S. No. 476) to provide for a chief of
staff to the Lieutenant General commanding the
armies of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 478) in relation to the Naval
Observatory;
A bill (S. No. 479) to incorporate a national
ilitary and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volunteer
forces of the United States;
A bill (H. It. No. 707) to provide for the pub-
