1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
lication of the Opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States;
A. bill (H. R. No. 749) providing for the con-
finement of juvenile offenders against the laws of
the United States in houses of refuge;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the relief
of Garrett R. Barry, a paymaster in the United
States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to authorize
and direct an inventory of articles in the quarter-
masters' depots of the United States, and in the
possession of naval storekeepers of the United
States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) to encourage'
the employment of disabled and discharged sol-
diers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) relating to
the international exhibitions at Bergen, in Nor-
way, and Oporto, in Portugal, during the sum-
mer of 1865;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 123) to extend
the time for constructing the Burlington and Mis-
souri River railroad, in Iowa,and filing a map of
relocation;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) transferring
maps and other documents relating to the surveys
of the Pacific railroad to the Department of the
Interior; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authorizing
the acceptance of a sword of honor fiom the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain by Captain Henry S.
Stellwagen of the United Slates Navy.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill from the House
of Representatives in regard to the subsistence
depnrtmc.it. They have disagreed to our amend-
ments, and I propose to insist upon them and let
them go back to the House.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider its amendments to the bill of the House
(H. R. No. 600) for the better oiganization of the
subsistence department,disagreed toby the House
of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate insist
upon its amendments. 1 do not want a committee
of conference. 1 want to stand by our amend-
ments, and let the bill go back to the House of
Representatives, and let them take tlie^respon-
sibility of receding from their disagreement to
our amendments or defeating the bill.
The motion was agreed to. f
TRADE WITH INSURRECTIONARY STATES
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
805) to repeal the eighth section of an act entitled
"An act in addition to the several acts concern-
ing commercial intercourse between loyal and in-
surrectionary States, and to provide for the col-
lection of captured and abandoned property, and
the prevention of frauds m States declared in in-
surrection," approved July 2, 1864.
Mr. POiMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Somner] moved to amend this bill
by striking out the proviso. I suppose it is in
order to perfect or amend the proviso before the
motion to strike out prevails. I desire to offer
an amendment to that proviso that the Senator
from Massachusetts proposes to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair did not understand the
Senator from Massachusetts to make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply gave notice that I
should make it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understood it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the proviso
to the bill:
Nor shall such repeal prevent the bringing out for deliv-
ery of such products as may have been actually purchased
under permits or licenses heretofore granted.
This discussion has been confined to the simple
article of cotton, i do not know anything about
this trade personally, for I never had anything to
do with these persons; but I understand that par-
ties have bought rosin, turpentine, and tobacco,
and paid for it, and if this amendment should
prevail and the bill be passed, they will have an
opportunity to obtain what they have actually
paid for. They cannot make any new contracts
under it, but it will allow them to deliver what
has actually been purchased under licenses already
V
IIWCJ *
granted. I am informed, I know nothing about
it myself, that such has been the practice. I
think if the bill is to pass it ought to have this
amendmenton it. I do not care whether it passes
or not.
Mr.COLLAMER. Thateighth section,which
it is now proposed to repeat, never authorized
anybody on earth to get permits to go into the
rebel lines and make purchases. It only author-
izes agents of the Government to purchase for the
Government.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be aware
that permits have been granted, whether right or
wrong.
Mr. COLLAMER. The permits were granted
totally without authority. That is the very abuse
we want to get rid of.
Mr. POMEROY. The parties have commit-
ted this Government to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. We know what those par-
ties were after. We know what the speculations
were. We know they started it all themselves.
We know by reading that section, as any man of
common sense must know, that these men were
to buy as agents of the Government for the Gov-
ernment, not give permits to people to buy for
themselves.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Vermont whether his resolution calling for infor-
mation on this subject hasever been responded to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Never to my knowledge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now send to the Chair the
amendment that I gave notice of a few moments
ago: in line nine of the bill, after the word "here-
by," to strike out the following words:
Repealed: Provided, however, That sueh repeal shall not
affect any contract of salepiovided lor by the section of
the act hereby repeated, where actual delivery of the prod-
ucts has been made.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Amended by inserting the following proviso, to wit;
" Provided, That no purchase or otheroperation by any of
the agents aforesaid shall be made, except within the lines
of our military forces."
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts probably does not intend to strike
that saving clause. However, I will ask him
whether he does or does not. It isobvious enough
that so far as a contract for the purchase of cotton
has been consummated, it should be protected;
that is to say, so far as cotton has been purchased
and delivered according to the act. That is the
discrimination upon which that proviso rests'. If
it is in transitu to New York for sale, that should
be protected. Therefore, I suggest to him that
his amendment should come in after the saving
clause. Tins saving clause makes the distinction
between the two classes of transactions which have
already been explained; first, the bona fide trans-
action under the law, which is a purchase con-
summated of cotton actually delivered; and the
other is a speculative transaction, which is the
abuse complained of, that grows up under per-
mits, where a single individual promises to de-
liver one hundred and fifty thousand bales of
cotton,and does not own a pound, and is author-
ized to go within the rebel lines to see what he
can scare up. I suggest, therefore, to the Senator
from Massachusetts whether he will not have his
amendment come in after that saving clause.
Mr. SUMNER. Then that allows the repeal
of the eighth section, which i wish to avoid.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; the repeal of the
section is provided for before that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts has misapprehended the pur-
port of the present bill. The present bill is to
repeal that eighth section.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understand thaU
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, if that eighth sec-
tion is repealed, the proviso there that the agents
shall only do so and so would be without opera-
tion; there would be no agents.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator did not notice
where my amendment comes in. I strike out the
word " repealed'* and insert" amended;" so that
the bill wiii read as follows :
That the eighth section of the act entitled (( An act in
addition to the several acts concerning commercial inter-
course between loyal and insuirectionary States, and to
provide lor the collection ol captured and abandoned prop-
erty, and the prevention of frauds in Suites deelared in in-
surrection," approved July 1864, be, and the same is
hereby, amended by inserting the following proviso:ft -Pro-
vided, That no purchase or other operatidu by any of the
agents aforesaid shall be made except within the lines of
our military forces."
The effect of my amendment therefore is, in-
stead of repealing the eighth section, simply to
interpret it and to limit its operation to the lines of
our own military forces. I believe in that 1 carry
out the idea of my friend from Maine.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatdoes not save the pro-
viso in the section as it stands.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no occasion to save
the proviso if the section is nntrepealed. I do not
propose to repeal it. I propose simply to amend
it and limit its operation, and the limit is in the
nature of an interpretation of the existing section.
Mr. JOHNSON. To limit in the future ?
Mr. SUMNER. I limit the operation to pur-
chases made within the lines of our own military
forces.
Mr. JOHNSON. Speaking of future opera-
tions ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; future operations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will prevail, i believe it obviates all objection to
the eighth section, and I think if that amendment
prevails the bill may receive a unanimous vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that I believe my
amendment does strike at the abuse. It strikes
at what my friend from Ohio seems to be aiming
af; what 1 think my friend from Vermont seems
to be aiming at also.
Mr. COLLAMER. The honorable Senator,
I think, could not have listened tome, or the Sen-
ator from Iowa, orthe Senator from Ohio. There
never,have been any of those agents anywhere
but in our lines. The agent is in our lines, and
he invites the people of the country around to
bring in their cotton, and the permits are given
to them to bring it in.
Mr. SUMNER. Then why should not the
military authorities interfere ? That is amihtary
question.
Mr. COLLAMER. The military authorities
are directed by the Department, in pursuance of
the regulations, to aid and assist these people, and
give them protection.
Mr. SUMNER. -But they should not aid and
assist them against the Army.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, sir, the Treasury De-
partment, under certain regulations, send agents
down into our lines to purchase cotton within
certain districts, and to invite people having the
command of cotton to brmgit to them. The mili-
tary authorities, under a general order of the War
Department, are directed to furnish safe-conducts
to these people to goout and bung it in, in order
to carry into effect the purchase. That is the very
way in which it is done.
Mr. SUMNER. All that, it strikes me, is a
military question, to be determined by the mili-
tary authorities on the spot.
Mr.COLLAMER. 1 can merely say that that
very operation is the very one thatGeneral Canby
says defeats utterly all military operations.
Air. WADE. This trade within the lines of
the enemy would be a very unsafe one. I said
a few moments since theie was no law to prevent
trade within our own lines. That is true; but
then the evil that you cannot guard against ia
that these traders go on to the line, or as near aa
may be to the line between the two armies, and
induce the enemy to come in and trade, and they
bring their cotton, and the trader takes contra-
band articles of war to them, and thus enables
them to keep up the war. Thousands of our men
have fallen victims to this trade, as is proven by
all the military officers with whom I have con-
versed along the line. You cannot get cotton in
any other way, and you cannot guard against
this abuse. From the very nature of it, the Sen-
ator must see that it is impossible to guard against
it. If you give a license to go down there and
trade in this manner, the military authorities can-
. not guard against it. They have tried to guard
against it. They have always been opposed to
it. There is not a department commander but
what saw clearly how his authority was stricken
down by it, how coiruption had entered into the
ranks of the whole Army,and he set his face like
brass against it. But how could he prevent it?
There was no means to prevent this contraband
trade being carried on by the authorized agent,
