i35a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March %
directed by the Executive here to aid and assist
in the trade right by the lines of the enemy. It
is idle, nugatory, and vain to talk about regulat-
ing a trade of this kind. It cannot be done; and
that is the evil. You most stop this trade with
the enemy, or you must submit to this abuse.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARWELL. I merely wish to say that
the opinion of the military authorities on this
subject is conclusive upon me. The Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the committee on the con-
duct of the war, has been in constant communi-
cation with the officers of the Army who have
seen this trade and its effects; and if they do not
know whether it is wholesome or unwholesome
who does know? Nobody doubts what the Sen-
ator heard from those officers; nobody doubts that
he lias got the opinion of the officers who have
charge along the lines where this trade has been
carried on. Can we set up our judgment against
the judgment of these men on a question of this
kind? Will this Senate set up their judgment
against the judgment of these men? Why, sir, I
think it would be preposterous if I should set up
my judgment against the judgment of the men
who know and who have told us what the effect
of this trade is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Chandler, Dixon,Doolittle,
Harris, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kan. as, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Sprague, Sumner,
Trumhull, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. "Brown, CoHamer, Farweli, Foot, Fos-
toi, Grimes, Hale, Morrill, Nesmitb, Ramsey, Stewart,
Wade, Willey, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cailile, Clark, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, MeDougall, I'owell, Richardson, Sauishury, Sher-
man, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, and Wilkinson—39.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives h^d passed a joint res-
olution (H, R. No. 179) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Loudoun county, "Virginia, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannouticed that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills, which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 454) granting a pension to
Thomas Rootle;
A bill (H. R. No. 567) granting a pension to
Elizabeth B. Lcppien;
A bill (H. R. No. 605) to increase the pay of
midshipmen and others;
A bill (H. R. No. 745) granting lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in boildinga harbor and
ship-cana! at Portage Lake, ICe wenaw Point, Lake
Superior; and
A bill (H. R. No. 780) to extend the provisions
of the first section of "An act for the government
of persons in certain fisheries," approved June
19, 1813.
TRADE WITH ES'SCRRKCTIONARY STATES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H.R.No.805)
to repeal the eighth section of an act entitled "An
act in addition to the several acts concerning com-
mercial intersourse between loyal and insurrec-
tionary States, and to provide for the collection
of captured and abandoned property, and the pre-
vention of frauds in States declared in insurrec-
tion," approved July 2, 1864.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will ask the unanimous con-
sent to take up the bill which has just been sent
to us by the House. It is one that will excite no
debate, and will excite the sympathy of every
Senator I am sure.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. HOWE. It is a resolution to restore to
the people of Loudoun county the money that was
the proceeds of their cattle taken, driven off,and
sold, and the money placed into the Treasury,
v.-hen the valley of the Shenandoah was devas- :
tated by order of General Sheridan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
It can only be considered by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us take a vote on this
subject first.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it had better lie on the
table until we see what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be offered, the bill before the Senate,
which i3 House bill No. 805, will be reported to
the Senate; and the question is on concurring in
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. The vote which I gave on
the amendment suggested by the member from
Massachusetts was given under a misapprehen-
sion. I have been from the first in favor of the
repealof ttieeighth section. I voted affirmatively
upon the adoption of that amendment. I merely
rise now to say that if the bill is about to be put
on its passage, I shall vote against the bill as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole; and the question
will be taken on concurring in the amendments
severally.
The first amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was to strike out the words:
" Repealed: Provided, however, That such repeal shall
not affect any contract ot sale provided for by the section
of tile act hereby repealed, where actual delivery of Uie
products has been made,'' and to insert in lieu thereof,
"amended by inserting the following proviso: Provided,
That no purchase or other operation by any ol the agents
aforesaid shall be made except within tile lines of our mil-
itary forces." I
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. When Ifind myselfin doubt
in relation to what course should be pursued on
any question of public policy, I am governed by
the judgment of those who 1 believe understand
the question and its workings better than I can
be expected to do. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has given the Senate to understand that he
favors the continuance of the eighth section of the
act of July 2,1864, which is about to be abolished
if the Senate sustain this bill. The Secretary of
the Treasury believes that the Treasury of the
United States will receive a large income from the
continuation of this section of the existing law\
and it is but fair that the section should be con-
tinued in force, because neither the Senate nor
the country has yet been able to understand its
workings and to know whether its continuation
will be productive of evil or good. The whole
evils of the system have grown out of previous
legislation or previous execution of the law, and
there has been no attempt, in my opinion, to give
this section a satisfactory trial.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son'] gave the Senate a practical illustration of
the working of the embargo upon cotton and other
commodities of the South, and when those com-
modities were relieved from that embargo hegave
you the result; and it was that while cotton came
freely to the loyal people gold was comparatively
low, and the commodities made from cotton were
correspondingly low in price; but when an em-
bargo was put upon the outlet or the reception of
cotton gold increased to double its former rate,
and all goods made from southern commodities
increased in the same ratio. The operation of
this section of the law is simply that since the
Secretary of the Treasury has been able to secure
this commodity to the country goods made from
cotton have depreciated in price one half the
amount they previously were before the thorough
working of the system.
If the war was to end in a given time, limited
in its extent, it might be that Congress should
prohibit this trade; but the immense effort which
is still necessary to continue the war and to sub-
due this rebellion requires that the finances of the
country should remain strong, that the people
should receive the commodities necessary for
their subsistence and comfort as cheaply as pos-
sible. Whether or not the placing of this em-
bargo upon southern commodities and preventing
their being received into the trade of the world
has been, or may be, of any advantage to the
South I cannot say. I imagine, however, that
everything which is prohibited from coming out
will be increased in price, and the southern people
will be like a certain minister who said he always
preached stronger and better if his pocket was
moderately supplied with funds, even if on Mon-
day he was ooliged to pay for the loan of the
funds to give him that strength; and I believe that
if an embargo is placed upon the commodities of
the South it raises the price and it increases their
strength to contend with us, because what little
they are able to bring out commands such an en-
hanced price that they believe themselves to be
rich whether they are or not.
1 am opposed to granting private permits, and
the trade of the country is opposed to permits of
*that character. The information which 1 receive
from those engaged in business is that something
be done to prevent the sale of permits in the com-
mercial cities of the country. It is not for me
here to suggest a proper remedy for the disgrace
attending the execution of this law. I am not
able nor am I prepared to make those suggestions;
but being guided by the experience of the past 1
feel that if you pass this bill gold will increase in
price and all the commodities used by the masses,
by the poor of the country, will be at double their
present rates, and your finances will be affected
correspondingly.
Governing myself by these ideas, believing that
the judgment of those having the matter in nand
is better than mine, believing that the continua-
tion of this system will not produce the disagree-
able results which are suggested by those who
are opposed to it, I shall give my assent to its
continuance. I shall do so because 1 am unpre-
pared to take the position that the war is over. I
believe that it is necessary for Congress and the
Executive to-day to use as much effort to surmount
the terrible curse of this rebellion as has been
found necessary for the past four years. 1 believe
it is necessary to strengthen the currency, the
trade, the industry of the country, in order to meet
the demands which the laws you have recently
passed require of them.
As oneofthemembersoftheCommitteeon Com-
merce, I favored the repeal of all privileges to trade
with the people in the southern States, but on
reflection I think it wiser to allow the law to stand
as it is. I believe there have been corrupt prac-
tices on the part of persons in the Army and
Navy, and civilians, to the detriment of the cause
in*whiclr we are engaged. I think this whole
matter should be concentrated in the hands of the
Government. Let the Army, when it captures
any of this property, turn it over to the Treasury,
and let the Treasury dispose of the cotton and
tobacco. Order to their homes all persons who
obstruct the operations of the Government by
bribes or otherwise. In that way 1 think con-
siderable benefit would be derived from the opera-
tion of this law. Sufficient time has not elapsed
to enable the Senate or the people of the country
to jud^e whether it is of advantage or whetherit
is of disadvantage; and I trust the Senate will
allow time enough to determine whether the com-
plaint arises from the evils of the past or the evils
of the present. 1 shall vote against the repeal,
believing that thereby I act for the best interest of
the country, and that I strike a deadlier blow
against the rebellion than 1 should otherwise do.
I shall so vote because those who are more famil-
iar with the whole subject than I am desire the
continuance of the section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckaiew, Chandler, Dixon,
Doolittle, Harris, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, and
Wright—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown,CoHamer, Conne«s, Davis, Far-
well, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Howard, John.-on, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nesmith. Powell, Riddle, Stewart,Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Carlilc, Claik, Cowan, Harding,
Ilarlan, Henderson, Howe,McDouzall,Richardson, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Van Wutklc, Wilkinson, and
Willey—15.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was to insert as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all cotton seized by the
miluary or naval authorities, or surrendered to said author-
ities, shall be delivered to the oliicers of the Treasury, and
vouchers shall be given to the owner of such cotton en-
titling such owner or claimant personally to receive pay-
ment for such cotton at the end of the war, less taxes and
expenses, m bonds of the United States bearing six per
cent, interest, redeemable in twenty years.
The amendment was concurred in.
