1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
summer; and that was the very ground and those
were the very quotations which Mr. Davis had
used in the Senate; and after his return here, as
1 think, it was put into that message at his sug-
gestion.
Now, sir, it will be recollected thatthe Articles
of Confederation were never adopted by the peo-
ple. They never were a constitution; they were
a league; and it was declared in them that the
States should retain and continue their sovereign-
ty; that it was a league for the mutual defense of
tlje States against foreign Powers-, The States
were represented in the Congress under the Con-
federation by their Legislatures appoining thedel-
egatcs,and withdrawing them when they pleased;
and that body had no power of making laws ex-
cept on the single subject relating to piracy on the
high seas. They merely made requisitions on the
States that they wanted so much money and so
many men; and the Statesagreed to furnish them,
or did not furnish them, as they saw fit. It will
be observed that each State had but one vote in
the Congress of the Confederation; each had the
same weight. When they came to get together
in a Convention to form a new Constitution, the
small States were very desirous of preserving the
Articles ofCon federation; of having: a mere league;
a mere treaty. They were unwilling togive up the
weight which they had under the Aiticies of Con-
federation; and they therefore proposed that they
should be amended so as to oblige the States to
furnish theirquotas. The question whether they
should mend up the old Articles of Confederation,
or form a Government with all the functions of
Government, executive, legislative, and judicial,
was the first great question before that Convention.
* Even the State of New York, then counted a small
State, was very persistent in favor of having the
Articles of Confederation amended merely1? and
when it was finally resolved to abandon thatpro-
ject and form a Government, two out of three of
those delegates from New York, Mr. Lansingand
Mr. Yates, went home and never returned again.
It was when the Convention were debatingthat
question that these remarks by Mr. Sherman,
Mr. Madison, and others, which have been so
often quoted, were made about making war upon
the States. They said, " You cannot coerce these
States to furnish their quota. Why? Because it
is war; you can only do it by force. These Articles
of Confederation are a treaty, a league, between
these States. It is the settled law of nations that
a war between the members of one treaty always
puts an end to all the tieaty stipulations existing;
and, therefore, if you make war upon one of these
States underthe Articlesof Confederation to coerce
them, that moment you end your Confederation,
because it is war, and the war ends it." 11 is per-
fectly palpable and plain to me that with aiticies
merely of association in the nature of a treaty be-
tween the States, that was strictly and literally
true; it could not be done. All the remarks then
made by those gentlemen, which are now quoted,
were made as applicable to the condition of a
league; and yet ihey ate now quoted upon us as
being applicable to the condition of a nation as it
is now formed, of a national Government.
If we fallow out the doctrines of these southern
gentlemen who have seceded, they are not incon-
sistent, because they hold that we are nothing but
a league now, and therefore the making of a war
would end that league. They then fore are not
inconsistent in it; but no man who views this as
a Government, with ail the functions of govern-
ment attached to it, and not a league, can quote
with propriety those exptessions as applicable to
our condition. So much for that.
Now, Mr. President, there commenced an in-
surrection in this country. It n^veraroso, pm-haps,
to the dignity of a war until the act of 3361 was
passed. I know a majority of the Supreme Court
decided that in relation to laying a blockade and
the making of prizes, &c.j that a war existed be-
fore that act of IdGl was passed; but all agree
that after the act of 1861 was passed it took the
character of war. What shape was u that it took ?
It was this: Congress declared that where there
was an insurrection existing in a State claiming
to act under the authoiity of the State, and the
authorities of the S'aie did not disclaim itanddid
not suppress it, in that ease the President might
declare the inhabitants of that State in a state of
insurrection, and all intercourse between the in-
habitants of that State and the inhabitants of the
rest of the United States should cease. Observe,
sir, they did not declare that the war was to be
against men who were insurgents. It included
all the p'eople of a State whose authorities sus-
tained the insurgency, whether they were loyal
or disloyal people. Thatis the condition of things
in a state of war in every country. It may be the
misfortune of the minority; but that is their un-
avoidable condition in time of war. Thiswasde-
elared to be a war with the whole inhabitants of
that State. Then it was that it took, in relation
to our inhabitants, its true character and condi-
tion of a war, and a war between those States,
made by them through their functionaries and the
body of their people, against the General Gov-
ernment.
Such being the state of war, the question pre-
sents itself, When and how is that war to cease,
and when and how is the formal political status
of the States which are engaged in it, or the in-
habitants of those States, to be restored, and who
is to declare it? The gentleman from Maryland
has argued at much length to show that under the
act of 1861, if the hostilities on the part of the
enemy stop, the President is compelled to stop
hostilities on his part. I do not wish to make
controversy about that. Whatif hedoes? Iknow
that the President can withdrawal! our forces from
the southern States to-morrow, if he pleases; he
can withdraw all our ships from off the coast and
order them to the harbor of New York or Bos-
ton. I know that military operations may cease
altogether by his act. I know he may pardon all
ciimes committed against the United States, in-
cluding treason. That is his power. But, sir,
does that alter the condition of the political status
of those States in their relationships to this General
Government? Suppose the hostilities entirely
cease; suppose the rebels throw down their arms
and go home to their several habitations; there
are in those States the functionaries of their gov-
ernment, their governors, their legislatures, all
organized in this revolutionary opeiation and car-
rying it on; and is it tiue that they then have the
right to send members to the Senate and House of
Representatives, and if they have a light to send
them, to demand their admission here, and we
have nothing to say about it? Is it true that they
may make war upon the Geneial Government,
carry it along as far as they please, then stop it,
and we are obliged to receive them, until they have
had time to revive their powers or resolution and
start again, and we cannot help ourselves?
Sir, are there not two sides and two parties to
this war? It is the strangest war men ever heard
of if it has but one side to it. I take it theie are
two paitieg to this war: the several States who
have made it, on the one side, and the national
Government against whom they have made if, on
the other; and I suppose the two parties must
participate in the restoration of peace and quiet-
ness, and their restoration to their former condi-
tion, or a condition where they can perform their
functions within the Government as integral parts
of the Union. It is for Congress to say when that
state of things exists. Congress is not bound to
receive their members, or to treat them as being
regular, loyal, integral membcisof this Union
because they have surceased fighting and sur-
ceased military operations, until we have seen a
return to loyalty and an obedience to their allegi-
iance and the performance of their fealty, a true
restoration of themselves to their former condi-
tion of loyalty and obedience; and that must be
for Congress to decide. That, is the main and es-
sential sentiment of the amendment I have pic-
sented.
Sir, when will, and when ought, Congress to
admit these States as being in their normal con-
dition? When they see that they furnish evi-
dence of it. It is not enough that they stop their
hostilityand are repentant. They should piesent
fruits meet for repentance. They should furnish
to us by their actions some evidence that the con-
dition of loyalty and obedience is their true con-
dition again, and Congtess must pass upon it;
otherwise we have no securities. It is not enough
that they lay down their arms. Our courts should
be established, our taxes should be gathered, our
duties should be collected m those States; and
before they come here to perform their duties or
privileges again as members of this Union, they
should place themselves in an attitude showing
to us that they have truly taken that position, and
we should pass upon K; and'I insist that the Presi-
dent, making peace with thefri, if yotr please,
surceasing military operations, docs notalter their
status until Congress passes upon it', ' . -
The great and essential thing now to insist
upon, in my judgment, is that Congress shall do
nothing which can in any way create a doabt
about our power oyer the subject. Indeed it is
right to assert at "the proper time that we have
that power; and how, and when, and in what
manner we shall execute that power, is in the dis-
cretion of Congress. I do not mean to occupy
very much time with tfiat; but one thing I have'
to say: I believe that when reestablishing the con-
dition of peace with that people, Congress, rep-
resenting the United States, has power in ending
this war as any other war, to get some security
for the future. It would be a strange thing if it
were not true that this nation, in ending a civil as
well as a foreign war, could close it and make
*peace by securing, if not indemnity for the past,
at least some security for future peace. I do not
believe that Congress is stripped of that power
in relation to this or any other war; and here I
do not wish to be understood as undertaking to
assert the existence of such a power without some
warrant in the Constitution.
The Constitution has in it what is well known
as the guarantee section, by which this Govern-
ment guaranties to every State in the Union a
republican form of government. Now, what is
implied in that? Several things which are quite
obvious. In the -first place, that guarantee can
only be kept and redeemed by preserving the
States within the Union. We cannot carry out
a guarantee to States on any other ground than by
having and keepingthem within the Union. That
is necessarily implied.
In the next place that guarantee is to the States
as States. It is a guarantee to the State of North
Carolina, for instance, that North Carolina,as a
State, shall have a republican form of govern-
ment within this Union; not to be taken and split
up and made into differentStates, but It is a guar-
antee to that State as a whole State.
Another thing is implied. That is a guarantee
to the minority in a State. No man who will read
Mr. Madison's remarks upon the subject can be
mistaken in that. The very nature of the thing
implies that. The majority in a State can shape"
their form of government as they please without
any help from Congress; but the'provision was
inserted from a fear that the minoiity might be
overborne, especially, said Mr. Madison, in a
slaveholding State. The guarantee was therefore
inserted for the security of the minority in a State,
though there maybe but oneman theietoredeem
Sodom.
Again, it is a guarantee from which the States
can never discharge the United States. You may
say that when they make war on us they discharge
us from our obligation in the matter; but that is
impossible. That guarantee is not merely for the
people of that State; it is a guarantee made for
the security of all the States of the Union. I
have a right as a representative from the State of
Vermont to say that the State of Vermont insists
thatyou shall keep North Carolina in theUnion;
we formed it with her in it; we had that guarantee,
that she should be kept m with a republican form
of government, and we have a right to insist on
the ledemption of that guarantee. Therefore I
say no one State can discharge the United Slates
from it.
Such being not only the cleai ly-expressed guar-
antee but the plighted national public faith which
we are bound to keep, let me put a case. Sup-
pose in all candor that Congress had by experi-
ence become convinced that they could not sus-
tain a State within the Union with a republican
form of government, holding slaves; suppose we
had tried it over and over, and we had beaten
them and made peace with them, allowing them
to keen their slaves, and they had repeated their
rebellion over and over until every man became
convinced that it was utterly impracticable and
impossible to have a republican form of govern-
ment under such an aristocracy as that engendered
and sustained ;and suppose Congress in all candor
and seuousness became convinced that we could
not keep this guarantee m relation to those States
that hold slaves, and they, being at war with us,
choose to lay down their arms or we beat them,
disperse their forces, and a question arises about
