1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
and Representatives to which the State may be
entitled in Congress." That the Constitution
declares. When I came here you required me
to step to your desk and take an oath to support
it; and now you ask me to vote for a resolution
"which declares that eicven States shall not vote,
shall not appoint electors of President and Vice
President. I do not want to do it. I have sworn
that 1 will not do it; or if I have not sworn that
exactly before, I swear it now.
Mr. President, that the people living in South
Carolina, Georgia, and Tennessee, and those
other States, had no right in fact, had no equi-
table right, to choose electors in November last,
I believe; but I believe it bccause there were no ;
American States there. But you ask me to vote
for a resolution which says that they are States,
and yet which says that 'they shall not vote for
President. Wherever there is a State in fact,
there is the right, and there is the evidence of it,
to give a number of votes for President and Vice
President equal to the number of Representatives
in Congress in both Houses to which that State
is entitled. That is my judgment. During the
last session of Congress I had occasion to call
attention to this very subject, and to say then
that it seemed to me the fitting time to fix the re-
lations of these communities before the election
was held, before we knew what would be the
Significance of their action. That was declined.
Your law still said those arc States; three of them
actuallydid vote, we are told,did choose electors;
and now you ask me to vote for a resolution which
says that they are States and yet which says that
their votes shall not be counted.
And now, Mr. President, look one moment at
the reasons which have been assigned. The com-
mittee assign for a reason that there was no valid
choice of electors in those States in November
last. The committee say so; they ask me to say
so; they ask the Senate to say so, that there was
no valid choice of electors. Sir, is the law-making
power of the United Stat^ made the judge of
wluit is a valid election of presidential electors?
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct.5' The Legisla-
ture is made the judge of the manner of choosing
electors. It seems to me that the State itself is
the final judge as to what is a valid election. There
cannot be any other. The right is given in full
to the State itself. Therefore I cannot agree to
say that there was no valid clcction in these States.
1 think it belongs to these States respectively to
determine that question.
But if there was no valid election, there was
some reason for it. What was the reason ? The
committee say because the people of those States
were m a state of rebellion on that day. That
may be, if tine, a good reason why a valid elec-
tion could not be held; but yet, right hcie in the
Senate Chamber, while you are debating this res-
olution, there is an issue of fact formed as to
whether it is true or not. The Senator from Kan-
sas, who has opportunities for knowing the fact
as well as any one, and who is competent to tes-
tify, tells you that there was no such state of re-
bellion as prevented the people from making a
valid election. That is his testimony upon the
question of fact as to which we are at issue. Now,
is it not dangerous legislation when you concede
that the law you arc about to pass depends for its
validity on the reasons you assign for it, when
in assigning reasons you differ not only upon the
law as to what is a good reason, but differ upon
the fact as to what reasons exist ?
I wi^h now to call attention to one more rc-
maikable debate we have had. The committee
recite these facts as the ground upon which you
shall proceed to disfranchise eleven States. They
recite them as facts, presentthem as reasons why
you should do it The amendment which iias
created more debate than any other was the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Vermont, the
effect of which was mainly to present oa a reason
for enacting this law, not anything that we af-
firmed to be a fact, but something that the Presi-
dent has affirmed to be a fact. The committee
say, disfranchise those States because their people
weie in November in a state of rebellion; the
amendment moved by the Senator from Vermont
asked us to disfranchise the people of those States
because the President said they were in rebellion;
and that was really the bteadth of that issue, as
I understood it. If you have a right to disfran-
chise the people of a State, does it matter whether
you and 1 agree upon the fact for which we do it,
or whether we act upon something that the Pres-
ident or some other agent of the Government has
said?
It all looks to me as if we were about to pass
a most extraordinary law. I shall not vote for
it myself, and I shall be extremely sorry to see
the Senate pass it, for there it stands side by side
with your Constitution, a law declaring in terms
that the people of eleven States that you call States
shall not vote. I think you might just as well
declare that they should not marry. I think you
can declare *it just as well of the people of one
State as another, if you insist upon it that they
are States. I know you say that those people
have rebelled. Some of them have; but when a
man commits murder, can you pass an act of Con-
gress to hang the man that you think has com-
mitted the murder? Would you not think that very
extraordinary? But is it half so extraordinary
as to pass an act of Congress disfranchising the
people of a whole State because part of them have
committed treason or engaged in rebellion?
But you do jiot rely upon that; the fact of re-
bellion you do not insist upon as a sufficient rea-
son for passing this law, and therefore you put
in another one. The rebellion is not a ground
for disfranchising the people of a State, but the
rebellion was the circumstance which prevented
a valid election from being held. Why do you
want to assign the reason why a valid election
was not held? If you are made the judges of
what is and what is not a valid election, why do
you not say there was no valid election in those
States, and let it stand there? It is because you
are not made the judges of a valid election that
you think it incumbcnt on you to bolster up your
judgment by some very extraordinary reason.
This is the way it looks to me. I distrust this
whole method of legislating. If you will take
hold of the question of the political relations of
these communities, and if you will toll what is
the truth, and has been the truth since 1861, that
there are no State organizations there, no State
governments, 1 am with you. When you estab-
lish that, you know what they may and what they
may not do.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 7, nays 30; as "follows:
YEAS—Messis. CVuvjin, Doolittle IJairn, Lane ofKan-
&a>, No^imth, Van Winkle, and Willey—/.
NAYS—Anthony, Hiown, I'lii-kalow, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Conner, Davi^, Dixon, Harwell, Foster,
Gumes Ilah-, Italian, Henderson, ilowatd,
Johnson, Moroni, IVIoirill, x\'ye, Powell, Ratn^cy.
lini v, Shcnnan, S unmet, Ten E} ck, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wt isht—3D.
ABrfENT—Mos«j v. C.ulilo, Foot, IIauitn<r. I licks, Howe,
Liitic of Indiana. Mcl)on;r:UI, Vonu'toj . Hichasd-on, Rid-
dle, Spiayue, vSicwair, Wilkin.-on, and Wil-.ou—J i.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of thejoint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Anthony. Brown, Huckalevv. ('handler,
CI.nk, Coilauiei, Comic,", I)avi^, Dixon, F.trwoll, Fostei,
Gimies, llali:, Ifailan, IIendu-.on, Ilendriek-, llowaid,
Johnson, Morgan. IMoiriil, ?J>e. Powell. Uains#v, Sherman,
Htewait. Sumnei, Trumbull, Wade, and Wngln—29.
NAYfc5—Cowan, iioohtlie, Hani-, Howe, Laiif
of Ivaiibas. Nesimtli, Saulsburv, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle,
and Willey—10
ABSENT—Moi-f-rr-. Carhle, Toot, Ilaidmcr, Kick*, Earn;
of Indiana, !\IM)ou all, J'omeioy. Richaidson, Kiddle,
Spiague, Wilkinson, and Wilson—12.
So the joint resolution was passed.
OlVDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up the
joint resolution fixing the duty on paper, and i
desire to make this statement to the Senate: there ;
are four bills of a general character from the Com-
mittee on Finance which I do not think will excite j
much discussion; the one I now call up will prob- j
ably excite the most. I hope the Senate will in- j
uulge rae in getting these bills passed out of the 1
way, so that they may not clog the business or
the session at this late period. One of them is a |
general appropriation bill.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H. R.
No. HI) reducing the duty on printing paper,
unsized, used for books and newspapers exclu-
sively.
Mr. SHERMAN, t now move that its fur-;
ther consideration be postponed to and made the'
special order of the day for Monday next at one
o'clock. f
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds vote.'
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire now to make the-
same order in regard to the legislative, executive,
and judicial appiopriation bill and the imm igra-
tion bill. I do not believe these bills will excite'
discussion, and I wanttogetthem out oftheroad.s
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objection'
to the order, but the Senator from Ohio must
know that he can always get his appropriation
bills up by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been trying for three
weeks to get up bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I have failed until this
moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is only because of the
Senator's good nature he has given way. If he
will press a vote on an appropriation bill, I never
knew it to fail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion to
take up the bill to amend the act in regard to im-
migration.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that bill will not be
made a special order for Monday. I have already
a special order fixed for Monday at one o'clock.
1 do not wish to antagonize it with the Senator's
appropriation bills, but 1 am utterly unwilling
that it should be put out of the way by this bill
about immigration.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can take it up in the
morning.
Mr. POWELL. I hope it will not be made a
special order for Monday. I would vote with the
Senator to fix its consideration for any other day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know what
the rule is on the subject of special orders. 1 sup-
pose the rule is that the one first made is the one
fo be first taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on taking up the bill, not on making it a
special order.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to thp consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senator will
allow this bill to be taken up informally before
that motion is put.
Mr. GRIMES. I insist on my motion.
Mr. DIXON. I appeal to the Senator from
Iowa to withdraw that* motion for a moment for
the purpose of permitting me to call up a bill of
very great importance to the city of Georgetown,
which ought to be passed, and which, I think,
will not pro!.ably occupy the Senate five minutes;
at any rate but a very short time. It is the bill
authorizing the city of Georgetown to lay a tax
for the purpose of paying their direct tax. With
the consent of the Senator from Iowa I will move
to take up that hill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make amotion
which 1 believesupersedesallothers. Itisevident
that we are going to do no business to-night. The
Senator from Ohio has got one of his bills made
a special order, and we all know he can get up
the others at any time. It is Saturday afternoon
—past tinee o'clock. I therefore move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 4, 38G5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and agreed to.
UNIFOUM WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the National Academy of Sciences be
rcqiio-t'jd to oon--ul<;r and prepuie a plan 1 oi a unlloim iri-
U'tikUio.iai MMcm of \vei«hN and m-'a-uHw,?ud to ieport
tlii'ieiui on ot bcloie the oJih day ot January, 166$.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
cnicurr coruT tn arkaxsas.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary,
with an amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 641) to pro-
vide for another term of the circuit court of the
