THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J>. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1865.
New Series No. 86.
ENKOr.LKD BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced chat the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution, which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased;
A bill(H.R. No. 774) to establish certain post
roads; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) to amend
the joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution in
relation to the public printing," approved June
S3,18G0.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolay, hisSecretary,announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 70) to enable the accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle the claim of the
State of Kansas;
An act (S. No. 311) for the relief of W. H. &
C. S. Duncan;
An act (S. No. 318) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to lease or sell certain property
of the United States situated at Bath, in the State
of Maine;
An act (S. No. 338) for the relief of Charles A.
Pitcher;
An act (S. No. 370) to amend an act entitled
" An act for the belter organization of Indian af-
faiis in California;
An act (S. No. 387) amendatory o*f " An act to
amend an act entitled * An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts,' approved March 3,
1863;"
An act (S. No. 389) relating to clerkships in
the Post Office Deportment;
An act (S. No. 412) for the relief of Benjamin
Yreeland, surgeon in the Navy of the United
States;
An act (S. No. 450) for the relief of Samuel L.
Grerould; '
An act (S. No. 451) to incorporate the Colored
Union Benevolent Association;
An act (S. No. 452) to incorporate the Capitol
Hotel Company in Washington city, District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 463) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act making
a grant of alternate sections of public lands to the
State of Michigan, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses;' "
An act (S. No. 476) to provide for a chief of
staiF to the Lieutenant General commanding the
armies of the United States;
An act (S. No. 478) in relation to the Naval
Observatory;
An act (S. No. 479) to incorporate a national
■ military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volunteer
forces of the United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the relief
of Garrett R. Barry, a paymaster in the United
States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to authorize
and direct an inventory of articles in the quar-
termasters' depots of the United States, and in
the possession of the naval storekeepers of the
United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) respecting
the publication of the papers of James Madison;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) to encour-
age the employment of disabled and discharged
soldiers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) for the re-
lief of Mrs. Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond,
Virginia;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) relating to
international exhibitions at Bergen, m Norway,
and Oporto, in Portugal, during the summer of
1865;
A joint resolution (S. R.No. 123) to extend the
time for cons- ructing the Burlington and Missouri
Rivar railroal, in Iowa;
86
A joint resolution (S.R. No. 135) transferring
maps and otherdocuments relating to the surveys
of the Pacific railroad to the Department of the
Interior;
A joint resolution (S. R.No. 128) authorizing
the acceptance of a sword of honor from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain by Captain Henry S.
Stellwagen, of the United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 88) regulating proceedings in
criminal cases, and for other purposes;
, An act (S. No. 468) supplemental to an act en-
titled "An act to amend the several acts respecting
copyright," approved February 3, 3831, and to
the acts in addition thereto and amendment there-
of; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to encourage
enlistments and to promote the Efficiency of the
military forces of the United States.
PRIVILEGES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary. Thatcom-
mittee, to whom the communication of the Sec-
retary of the Navy of the 28th of February, in
answer to a resolution of inquiry of the Senate
of the 3d of that month, was referred, to consider
and report what part of the same was called for
and what was not, and in what particular, if any,
the same was objectionable, beg leave to report.
The committee quote the resolution, and then
proceed tomukc their report, which 1 send to the
Chair to be read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The only information t!i:it the Seeretmywas m^tiucted
to give was in relation to the particular matters mentioned
in ihe resolution. What may have been said by Sen-
ator* while it was under consideiatiou was not submitted
to turn, eithei tor appioval ur censure, nor was* lie culled
upon oi autlionzod to vindicate lumsolt or any person in
Ins Depaitnii'ut 1'ioin allegations made or suppos-ed to have
beon made in the Senate lJowuvor, th<* [n-ison saippo^-
ing hnnsi-lfa^saih'd i-> not without rediess ; he may appeal
to the public judgment through the press, or leque.-t the
Sennle to constitute u committee of inquiry us to the
truth ol the charges; but there exists no right in an officer
of the Government, in answer to specific inquiries;, to com-
ment on the debates oi the body, nor to vindicate his con-
duct, eithei individually or otiicialiy, in any matters not
called for iii the inquiries of the Senate. If differences
exist between any member ot the Senate and a citizen not
a member, il is not the proper province of the body to settle
them. Tiieir duties are limited to matters proper for legis-
lation, or to such as refer to the public good, and require
investigation.
With these views, it is the opinion of your committee
that the lettei of the Assistant Secretary of the "Navy, as ac-
companying the communication ol the Secietary, should
not have been sent to the Senate by the latter officer:
1. tfecau^e the fiii-t putt of it dues not ptole--s to relate
to the Senate resolution, but to be in response to the allega-
tions of Hon. John P. II ale against the vvnter.
2. Because the remainder ol itmeiely gtvesa history of
his conduct in attempting to relieve the gariis>ou of Fort
Sumter in 186l—an attempt worthy of piat e, but which
has, not the mo-t remote connection with a single inquiry
embraced by the resolution.
The committee therelore recommend the adoption of this
resolution :
Hesotvedf That tin; letter to the Secretary of the Navy
from the Assistant Secretary should not have been com-
municated m answer to the Senate re&olution ot Februaiy
3, JBGj; ami that tiif Secretary of the Senate be directed
to leturu the same to the Secietary of the Navy.
Mr. FOSTER. I merely wish to say that I do
not concur in recommending the adoption of the
resolution reported by the committee.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the order for
the printing of that document be rescinded.
The motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS* SERVANTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up the
civil and miscellaneous appropriation bill, which
I reported a short time ago.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent pf the Sen-
ator from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, 1 desire to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in regard to certain
amendments to a joint resolution of ours, which
have come from the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia have authorized me to re-
port pn agreement to certain amendments and a
disagreement to other amendments of the House
of Representatives to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) de-
claring and defining the meaning of the law in
regard to officers' servants,and forother purposes.
I desire to have the report read and acted upon at
this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed the Senator
merely wanted a committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. It will not take long to read
the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that it will
take a long time to dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON, i move that the amendments
winch the committee have reported should be
agreed to by the Senate without reading them,
and that the others be disagreed to, and that wo
then ask for a committee of conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope no such motion as that
will be adopted, that we agree to the sections the
committee have agreed to without hearing them
read. 1 am told that one section of some of these
amendments is to confer brevet pay on all the in-
numerable brevet officers we have been making.
It will take five millions from the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. The committee disagreed to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must ask for the regular
order of business.
Mr. WILSON. I will move at once to dis-
agree to all the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to our amendments to this joint reso-
lution, and to ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent the Vice President waa
authorized to appoint the committee; and Mr.
Wilson,Mr.HowARD,and Mr. Buckalew were
appointed on the part of the Senate.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of tho Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 786) mak-
ing appropriations for sundty civil expenses ot*
the Government for the year ending 30th of June,
lbC6, and for other purposes.
The Secretary was proceeding to read the first
amendment reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill lias never been
read in this body, bought to be read seriatim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The bill will be read, and the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Finance will be con-
sidered as they occur in their order.
The first amendment of the Committee on Pi-
nance was to strike out the following item:
For survey ot and for buoying out Seekonk river, from
Pawtucket to India Point, in Providence, $1,(JOO.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that very small
appropriation will not be stricken out. It is a
very great convenience to have this improvement,
and the amount has been estimated by the De-
partment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be glad to let a
good many things go, but as this bill was sent
to us to-day, as it has not been printed, we have
endeavored to confine the appropriations to such
objects as have been declared by the Departments
to be indispensably necessary, and this has not
even been estimated for.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg the Senator's pardon;
it is the estimate of the Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. What Department?
M r. A NTHON Y. The Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have before me the printed
estimates, anil 1 find no such thing there.
Mr. ANTHONY. The estimate for this work
has been sent in since the printed estimates were
submitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had no information
before the Committee on Finance upon the sub-
ject, and as a matter of course Senators cannot
expect us to allow matters to remain in the bill
that are not contained in the legular estimates,
