1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
1863, and for other purposes," approved March 3,1863, ap-
propriating thirty per cent, of the cost of engraving the
special dies for internal revenue stamps, not to exceed in
Amount .$*20,000, be, and the same i s hereby, so amended as
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the contract-
or^, Butler & Carpenter, the said sum of $20,000 in full
of all claims for indemnity.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, which was as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthesum of $20,000
appropriated at the present session of Congress to defray
the h:gi.-lative expenses of the Territory of Nebraska for
the fiscal year ending the30tli day of June, 1866, shall and
may bo appropriated for and applied to the payment of the
lerutorial uuiitia called into service by the Governor of said
Tenitoiy to piotect the frontier settlements against the
depiedations tif Indians in the fall and winter of the year
1861; which sum shall be disbursed and paid by the Gov-
crnoi of the Territory, who shall take vouchers therefor;
and no other or furthersuni ot money shall be appropriated
to defray the legislative expenses for the year aforesaid.
And the Governor as aforesaid shall, within one year, make
a detailed repoitof his action hereon to the Secretary of the
Interioi, setting forth the several sums paid,and the names
of the persons to whom paid, under the provisions of this
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
sixth section, which was as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further cnacted, That the sum of
$10,432 4j b<i, and is hereby, appropuated to pay Madison
fSwuctzer, upon condition that the said Madison Sweetzer
shall, firnt, by a good and sufficient deed, convey to the
United States all his right, title, and interest in and to the
following lands, conveyed by the United States to Joseph
iltch.udviile, senioi, and Joseph Uiehardville, junior, by
tteaty at St Mary's, October 6, 1818, to wit: the west half
of section No. 26, the east half of section No. 28, and sec-
tion No. 27, township five south, range four east, lying in
the county ol Auglaize and Slate of Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventh section of the bill, which was as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tuvisury i* hereby authorized to adjust and allow to
the State ot New York the claim of that State against the
United States for duties paid by that State upon arms im-
ported and pmchased in bond at New York in the month
of June, 1863, not exceeding the amount shown to have
been actually paid therefor.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope that section will not
be stricken out. It is a just claim, an amount
actually paid by the State, which should be re-
funded.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is like a good many
other claims that will be put upon the bill if it be
allowed to stay there. "VVe have no official infor-
mation on the subject except this: the Committee
on Finance considered the matter two years ago,
when they had ample leisure, and rejected the
claim. These arms were imported by the State
of New York on her own account, for herself, and
she paid the duties on them. Other States did
the same. We have no information on the sub-
ject before us recently; the bill came to us to-day,
and there was no time to consider whether any
change of facts had occurred since we examined
it before. The State of Ohio, and other States, I
believe, have presented similar claims.
Mr. HARRIS. My information on this sub-
ject is, that in the case of other States the duties
were remitted, and that these arms came in a lit-
tle too late for that, the limit fixed by law having
expired, so that the State of New York was
obliged to pay the duties; but in other cases the
duties were remitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury. That is my information on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. When were the arms im-
ported?
Mr. HARRIS. I cannot state the date, but it
is since the rebellion began.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 send to the Chair the depo-
sition of the commissary general of the State of
New York in regard to these arms, and ask to
have it read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Cily and County of New York-, ss:
James A. Farrell being duly sworn, §ays that he Is com-
missary general of ordnance of the State of New Vork;
that early in the month ot June, 1883, under the direction
of the Governor of the State of New York and the mili-
tary boaid appointed by the Legislature of the said State,
lie entered into contracts' with tiie lollowing individuals
lor the puichase, in behalf of the State, of 9.664 Enfield
ruled muskets, then in bond in the city of New York,
namely: Frank Otard, New York, 2,604; Schuyler, Hart-
ley, 8c Graham, New York, 2,000; Merwin fit Bray,
New Yoik, 4,000; Naylor & Company, New York, 1,000.
That at and about the time of the execution and closing of
said contracts he labored under the impression that, inas-
much as the said arms were purchased for the use of the
State and /or the purpose of maintaining Us laws and the
laws of the United States, that under the supposed ex-
isting provisions of law the duty thereon would be re-
mitted by the Government. That after the said contracts
had been entered into, and upon an examination of a pre-
vious law of the United State«, exempting from duty .ill
arms imported for the use of the State, it was discovered
that the tune of such exemption had expired. That there-
upon a provision was insetted in said contracts by which
the said contracting parties agreed for and in behalf of the
State to advance the duties on paid arms, the money so ad-
vanced to be refunded by the State. That the said parties
under and by virtue of the provisions of said centiacts
paid for the said duties to Hiram Barney, Esq., collector of
the port ot New York, the sum of $37,599 55; that said
sum of $37,599 55 has been tefunded and duly paid to the
said contracting parties by the State; that the annexed
bill contains a tiue and accurate (statement of the duties
paid and everything connected therewith, and reference
is hereby made to the same ad a pait of this affidavit. That
said duties wete paid under a written protest executed by
the undersigned in behalf of the State, to the following
effect: that i>aid duties should not be exacted on said
arms, because they were the property of the State of New
York, to be used only for her defense and in the defense of
the United States against the enemies of the said State
and the &aid United States ; that they were not meichan-
dise subject to the laws of trade and commerce, or for sale
in any wise, but strictly and entirely for public use by the
State as a member and component portion of the United
States ; that it could not be reasonable nor lawful for the
Government to tax itself in one of its members for the
means ot its own preservation, it might he of its very ex-
istence ; that a ponion of the aims aforesaid aie now in
actual use of the New Yoik State militia, now in the ser-
vice of the United States, and that said arm-; ai c to be used
only in the enforcement of the laws of the United States
and the State of New York and for the protection of the
citizens thereof. And deponent further says and submits,
that because of the premises, and inasmuch as said arms
were purchased to be used in defense ot the State and ot
the United States, and lor the piotection of the citizens
and the enlbicementof the laws thereof, that the said sum
ot $37,599 55 in coin should be leiunded and paid to the
Stale. And deponent further say.s that the said sum so
paid as aforesaid is a pait and parcel of an appropuation
made by the Legislature of the State ot New York, an act
entitled "An act to piovide and repair arms and equip-
ments of the militia ot the State, and for the public de-
fense," passed April 24, 18(33. That said money when
refunded to the State is to be u*ed only for the puiposes
aforesaid. Deponent further saith not.
JAMES A. FAIWELL,
Commissary General oj Ordnance New York State.
Sworn before me this 11th day of December, 18(53.
JAMES it. COLEMAN,
Notary Public in and for the City and County oj New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. The case made by the com-
missary general of New York shows that the
arms were contracted for and imported after the
expiration of the law, which lasted, if 1 remem-
ber right, for only one year. At that time u was
the policy of the Government not to import any
more arms. When the State governments went
to foreign markets, competing with the national
Government in the purchase of arms, it tended
very largely to advance the price. Since the read-
ing of the paper commenced I remember more dis-
tinctly the circumstances of the case. This very
claim was referred to the Committee on Finance
on the presentation of a petition, and we con-
cluded that it was not wise to extend the pro-
visions of that law. The claim was then rejected;
and it is now presented at this late day, when we
have no opportunity to examine the question.
New York is ably represented here,and can pre-
sent the matter at some other*time. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that in no case
has any State been required to pay duties on arms
imported by it except in this single instance. It
may be, and I understand that it is, the fact that
the law which exempted States from paying duties
on arms had expired when these arms were im-
ported ; and it was in consequence of this that the
State ofNew York was obliged to pay these duties.
If the State of New York is obliged to pay them,
and this amount is not to be refunded, it is an
exception to a rule which has no othcrcxception.
There is no case, I apprehend, m which any State
has been required to pay duties on arms imported
by it during this war except New York, and I
hope this distinction will not be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senator if the duties
have been refunded in all other such cases.
Mr. HARRIS. These arms were ordered be-
fore the law expired, and came in a little too late
to come under the luw.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are there any other cases
either under prior or subsequent laws ?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to, strike out the
tenth section of the bill, which was as follows:
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to increase the eiericai
fore® in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Philadel-
phia, and the aggregate salaries of said clerks shall not ex-
ceed the sum of $9,000; which amount is hereby appropri-
ated out of any other money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike outtheelev-
enth section, as follows:
Sec. 11. *dn& be it further enacted^ That m addition to the
appropriations hereinbefore allowed for the branch mi Mat
San Francisco, in California, the following sums respect-
ively are hereby in hke manner appropriated, viz: for
wages of workmen and adjusters, $69,450; foi incidental
and contingent expenses, repairs, and wastage, #106.529 29.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to understand
from the chairman why this item is to be stricken
out. I presume the appropriations were made in
accoidance with estimates.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the honorable Sen-
ator why that is to be stricken out. The honor-
able Senator is a member of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and we looked to him for information in
regard to California. We had a meeting to-day,
the only day we could have a meeting on this bill,
and lie was not there to give us any information
about it. We had no official information on the
subject. We have appropriated enormous sums
for the support of the mint in California, larger
than ever before. The reason why they want
§100,000 for incidental expenses in the mint at
California we were not presumed to know by in-
tuition. We had not the information from the
honorable Senator who represents that State, nor
had we any other information. We had not the
opportunity to inquire at the Treasury Depart-
ment, because we had no time. We had noofii-.
cial information of any kind. If the Senator can
satisfy us that it is necessary I shall be very glad
to have the information from him.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not know that I was
going to develop a lecture on myself by the in-
quiry I made. It would be very difficult for me
to be omnipresent; 1 do not think it is for man to
have that exact character on earth; and I do not
think 1 am amenable to the chaige made by the
honorable Senator indirectly of a neglect of my
constituents' interests. I believe 1 was for att
hour and a half or more pending that time in a
committee of conference on Indian affairs that
this body ordered me to be a member of, where
not only the interests ofCalifornia were concerned,
but of the entire country; and, Mr. President,
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance could hardly expect in fairness to depend
on me to give that Senator information touching
these appropriations. He is in direct connection
with theTreasury Department; theyare cxpected
to know the reasons why their recommendations
are made; and it cannot be expected that I should
be able to explain why $60,000 is necessary to
pay workmen in the mint simply because the
mint is located in the city of San Francisco, or
that I should be able to give the exact reasons
why $100,000 are necessary to meet wastage and
incidental expenses in that establishment. But
it appears that the Senator assigns the minutiae
of all this knowledge as my particular share of
duty and province, and as a means of developing
all this knowledge on my part he proposes to
strike out the appropriation.
I simply have to say to the Senator that I do
not think that is reason enough. I suppose the
appropriations were inserted in accordance with
estimates prepared by the Treasury Department
upon the exact facts and knowledge that they"
have concerning that great institution, the branch
mint atSan Francisco, which nowannually coins
for us $20,000,000. I suppose the chairman of
the committee was not very earnest is his desire
to strike out this appropriation, and intended to
make it a reminder to me that I should do all
my duty. Well, Mr. President, I may fail in
some of it; I suppose I do in much of it; but i
generally try to be at some end of the line when
matters are going on which concern the people that
I in part represent here. I suppose the Senate will
vote to keep these appropriations in the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out the thir-
teenth section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ig scarcely worth while
to read the section, as it relates to the reorgan-
ization of the various bureaus of the Treasury
Department, and provides for heads of divisions
in the various bureaus, &c. The Committee oa
