1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
ments, and the direction, employment, and disposition of
tlie naval forces in tune ol war. All such opinions shall
bo recorded.
Sec. —. Jhtd be it further enacted, That no vessel-of-
war shall be built or materially altered, nor any guns of new
construction oideied or adopted, nor any engine for any
vcs&el-of-war adopted or ordeied,nor any permanent etruc-
ture lor naval service executed, until the plans, estimates,
proposals, and contracts for the same shall have been sub-
mitted to the board, and its opinion and advice thereon
communicated in writing to the Secretary; nor shall any
patented invention be bought or adopted for the naval ser-
vice without first the opinion of the boaid thereon having
been taken ; and all experiments decided to test inventions
and naval plans and structures shall be conducted under
the inspection of the boaid,or members thereof named by
the Secretaiy, and submitted to the board for its opinion
thereon.
See. —. And he it further cnacted, That all invitations
for plans 01 proposals for any of the works above mentioned
frhall he prepaied by the board,subject to the approval of
the Secretary ;and all bids or offers or proposals for the same
frhall be opened in the presence of the board, and the award
made by it, subject to the approval of the Secretary.
See. —. And be it. further enacted, That the Secretary
may add to the boaid, from time to time, other officers of
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three, at any time, for consultation on any of the
aliove fciibjects. The board may take the opinion of emi-
nent piactica! engineers, mechanics.machinists,and archi-
tects, in their respective branches of art or mdustiy, when
in their opinion the public seivicc will be promoted by it,
and pay them such reasonable compensation as the Secre-
tary may approve.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon this question the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD and Mr. PIKE then
addressed the committee. [Their speeches will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. I do not propose to pro-
long this discussion by considering the amend-
ment which is proposed by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis;] but I feel it due to my-
self, as a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and also as one possessing some knowl-
edge which I am sure the gentleman from Mary-
land would be glad to be possessed of, to say a
word or two upon the question underdiscussion.
So far as the gentleman's very able remarks
wete concerned, 1, for one, failed to discover that
they were really advocating the amendment which
he has offered. It seemed to me, so far as his
argument was applicable, that it was aimed di-
rectly and exclusively, not at the system, but at
the men who administer the affairs of the Navy
Department. He proposes, by way of rectifying
the difficulties which he alleges to exist there,
not to remove inefficient or incompetent persons,
but, as 1 understand it, to embarrass and incum-
ber the Department by still greater and still more
intricate and minute machinery. Now, it seems
to me that if there is any argument at all, the gen-
tleman should have confined himself, not to the
theory, but to the manner in winch it should be
carried out in practice.
The gentleman from Maryland charges upon
the Naval Committee, among other things, that
it has frittered away its time, and that the bill
which he introduced has had no consideration
by that committee, partly because the committee
has been traveling about the country with refer-
ence to locating sites of naval depots. Asa mem-
ber of that committee I beg to have a resolution
read by the Clerk, to indicate in some degree how
the time of the Committee on Naval Affairs has
been occupied during the past and present ses-
sions of Congress.
The Clerk read,as follows:
Thirty-Eighth Congress, First Session,
IIouse o*" ilEVRLSLNTATiVES, January 7, 1864.
On motion ot Mi. II. W.Davis,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs do in-
vestigate, without delay, and report to tins House, the facts
in relation to the plans and structure of the marine en-
gines constructed and now in course of constitution for
the Navy; and in what essential pairienlar thcyditier fiom
tlie maime engines heretofore used m the Navy and now
used in the commercial steamer*and the navies ot France
and England , whethei their inadequate povvei and speed
ate caused by such differences, ami by whose authouty and
on what expenmeut, and under whose: supervision such
changes were uitioduced; and whether any untair piactices^
weie io^orted to by any peison in or under the authority of
the Navy Depattment, in the mode of mannint:oi hand'ing
the engine ot the Peiuacola, with a view to bieak it down
and btnnj it and the plan on winch it was conducted into
dKiepuie; ami whether any person connected with the
Nav> Department lne> received any fees or commission or
compensation ot any kind fiom any contractor tor engines
fort tie Navy, or compelled any payment of fee* for pneiit<- d
hnpiovements to prisons not entitled to them, by persons
contracting tor entttncN oi parts theteof; and that tlie com-
ma tee be authorised U> lequne the opinion ol the Academy
ol Sciences on any ^'MentilT' question involved in their in-
vestigations and nucetsai^ to be solved ill order to arrive
at a satisfactory result; and that they have power to send
for persons and papers, and leave to report at any time.
Attest: EDWARD McPUEASON,
Clerk.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Chairman, in carry-
ing out the instructions of that resolution it is
proper for me to say that the Committee on NFaval
Affairs occupied seventy days in the considera-
tion of the questions alluded to in it; took twenty-
two hundred pages of evidence—foolscappaper—
and examined in detail and at length no less than
forty-two witnesses. Now, I submit to the hon-
orable gentleman from Maryland that this work
alone is no inconsiderable item in occupying the
time £f the Naval Committee, and that this con-
sideration, if no other, should have induced him
to withhold anything like censure on the proceed-
ings of the Naval Committee.
Passing over that, Mr. Chairman, and not to
dwell on the character of the amendment which
the gentleman proposes, I desire to say, for one,
that instead of dividing the responsibility, as the
head of the Navy Department would be able to
do by the creation of the board as provided in
the amendment, I believe, looking at it from a
practical stand-point, that there is far greater se-
curity in holding the Secretary of the Navy and
the heads of the various bureaus of the Navy
Department to a direct accountability, than in
dividing their responsibility.
But I pass over that. In listening to the gentle-
man's two-hour speech, able and eloquent and
ingenious as that gentleman always is, I confess
I felt grieved that a member of this Congress
should see fit, for the purpose of accomplishing
the object which he had in view, to hold up the
American Navy, at this critical period of our
national history, as being entirely inefficient and
powerless; to advertise to the nationsof the world
that they need have no hesitation as to any in-
terference that they may deem advisable in our
affairs, and no fear of any aggression from the
Navy of the United States. I regretted to hear
it from the distinguished gentleman from Mary-
land; but, of course, it is not for me to question
either the good taste or judgment of that distin-
guished gentleman.
I should be glad, Mr. Chairman, to go over in
detail, and to have read professional and unpro-
fessional statements in regard to the various facts
alleged by the gentleman from Maryland; but the
shortness of the time allowed to me, and the fact
that other gentlemen desire to occupy a portion
of that limited time, compel me to refiain from it.
I pass over the commentary which the gentleman
made on the attack at Charleston, but should
be glad to have an opportunity of showing that
what he asserted as true, namely, that m that
brief encounter half of that little iron fleet was
incapacitated for action, was entirely unfounded
and destitute of truth. Jt will be recollected,Mr.
Chairman, that the whole iron-clad fleet to which
the gentleman alludes as having attacked Charles-
ton on the occasion referred to, consisted only of
eight little monitors. They were created entirely,
from stem to stern,and completed and put in ac-
tion, in the brief period of about six or seven
months. The whole fleet cost only about as much
as any one single ship-of-war built on the old plan.
It cost less than one of those iron-clad ships of
England, to which the gentleman points with such
admiration. The entire number of men employed
upon them was one half what is requisite for an
ord mai y ship-of-war. Instead of that attack ex-
hibiting their incapacity, it is a memorable fact
that, though two thousand shot struck that little
fleet, yet, instead of being disabled, they were
ready to go into action the following day.
But I pass over ail these things, Mr. Chairman,
and will confine myself more especially to certain
representations which were made in regard to the
Dictatoi; and I am suie that the gentleman from
Maryland will be glad to be disabused of the
et roi s under which he is resting. I am sure that
he will be glad to know that so important an arm
of our national defense is not the entire failuie
which he alleges. I beg to say to him and to this
House, in connection with what ho has said with
reference to the Dictator, that he is entirely at fault.
If I remember correctly, the gentleman alleged
that the Dictator was built for a sea-going vessel;
that she cost an untold amount; that .she is inca-
pable of taking coal across the ocean; that her
speed is not over five knots an hour; that she is
entirely unworthy to be considered a sea-going
boat; that in her first; passage frorft New York ti>
Fortress Monroe she broke down; and that she
lies to-day a helpless hulk. Now, as I said, thp
gentleman will be glad to know that upon all thesfe
points he is entirely mistaken. So farasthecost
of the vessel is concerned, it will perhaps besomfe
satisfaction to him to know that, although she was
furnished to the Government at an enormous losij
to the builder, the amount which the Government
paid for the ship was less than it would now be
obliged to pay for her engines alone; that the (Gov-
ernment could not to-day duplicate the vessel or
build one of anything like her power or capacity
for loss than $1,000,000 additional to the amount
they have paid for her; and that the loss has come
out of the pockets of individuals, and not out of
tlie Treasury of the Government.
Now, sir, so far as her capacity for coal is con-
cerned, she is capable of storing seven hundred
and fifty tons, (to attain seven knots per hour she
requires three thousand pounds of coal, or thirty-
two tons in twenty-four hours,) a supply for twen-
ty-five days, and adequate to a distance of forty-
two hundred miles. I speak now of the actual
running of the vessel, and make no assertion that
cannot be vindicated by the record. Thus much
for her capacity for fuel.
As to her sea-going properties, I desire to read
a very brief extract from a letter received from
Superintending Engineer W. Cosgrove, dated
"On board the Dictator, Hampton Roads, Vir-
ginia, January 8, 1865." In concluding his re-
port, he says:
It blew a gale of wind yesterday, with a heavy sea on,
and we went tluoiigh like a pilot boat, part of the time in
company with a Rood-sized steamer that seemed to be la-
boung heavily, while we weie not heeding either wind or
tide. It is really a magnificent sight to see the Dictator in
a sea-way."
In regard to her speed, the passage from New
York to Fortress Monroe was made under pos-
itive instructions not to exceed eight knots per
hour—a very proper prudential restriction to be
placed on the running of new and very heavy
machinery. She went from New York to Fortress
Monroe without a consort, and encountered very
rough weather; yet in that first passage she at-
tained an ave*rage speed of neaily eight knots an
hour. Instead of her machinery breakingdown,
and the vessel lyingnow a helpless hulk, the whole
difficulty arose from the fact that in the main
shaft a defect was discovered: one of those defects
in forging which no human skill or foresight can
guard against, and which can be detected only by
the test to which the machinery was subjected.
The defective shaft has been replaced, and the
vessel is now, or will in a very short time, be
ready for any service that she may be called upon
to perform. Allegations have been made as to
tlie steering qualities of the vessel. Upon this
point it is sufficient to say that, while this has been
regarded as an unavoidable defect in all the iron-
clads of England and France, no vessel afloat,
iron-clad or other, responds to the rudder more
promptly and with less power than the vessel in
question.
The London Times of December 24 publishes
an account of a recent experimental trip of the
new British iron-clad Achilles. Under a full
pressure of steam this vessel required twenty-one
men at the rudder, while the Dictator requires but
two. The Achilles requires for her turning a cir-
cle of three thousand feet; the Dictator seven hun-
dred feet, or about twice her length; an achieve-
ment that will be regarded as a marvel by the
naval architects of the world.
In short, Mr. Chairman, I allege without the
fear of contradiction that the indications tend to
prove that the Dictator is as perfect a sea-going
vessel as has yet been built for the American or
the navy of any other country, and that there is
not a single particular in which she fails to re-
alize the utmost expectations of those who were
most sanguine in regard to her. With tho indi-.
cations of speed which she has already exhibited,
her utter impregnability to all ordnance yet de-
vised, and with the capacity of carrying a fifteen
or twenty-inch gun, and hurling against her ad-
versary a solid shot of four hundred and fifty to
six hundred pounds, she may well defy any—I
had almost said all—of the ships-of-war that can
be brought against her.
This, sir, is the vessel which the gentleman
from Maryland would consign with so much non-
chalance to the obscurity of a failuie. We are
told that with a board such as is proposed by the
