1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Finance were satisfied that it was not now neces-
sary to make these changes. We have already
provided for the Revenue Bureau, and placed a
pretty large sum at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury to give additional compensation
in certain cases where it is necessary; and we be-
lieved that was all the legislation necessary at the
present time in regard to these bureaus. At any
rate, we were not prepared at this late period of
the session to increase the salaries of all the em-
ployes in the Department. The section involves
a reorganization of the leading bureaus of the
Treasury Department, with a large increase of
pay under the name of reorganization, and the
establishment of new officers as heads of divis-
ions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourteenth section, as follows:
Sec. 14. Jind he it further enacted, That the office of the
Commissioner of Internal Re-venue shall be reojganized,
under the direction of tilfi Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. SHERMAN. That need not be read.
The tax bill which has just been passed provides
for the continuance of that arrangement in the
Treasury Department for another year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifteenth section, in the following words:
Sec. 15. Jind be it further enacted, That the following
eum.« bo, and the same aie hereby, appropriated out of any
money in tin* Tiea^ury not otherwise appropriated, for the
objects hereinafter expiessed, for the fiscal year endinc
June 30, I860, namely :
For «;\)ary of on luer in the United States depository at
Louisville, $1,800.
Fort-alary of book keeper in the United States depository
at Loui?vilJe, ,$j .500.
For salary of a^wam cashier in the United States de-
pository at Louisville, .$1,320.
For salary or clerk in the United States depository at
Louisville, .§1,330.
For contingent expenses of the United States depository
at Louisville, $025.
Foi salary ot cdaluer in the United States depository at
Chicago, §1,000. '
Forsahuynf clerk in the United States depository at
Chicago, $1,000.
Fot contingent expenses of the United States depository
at Chicago, $400.
For salary of cashier in the United States depository at
Pittsburg. $1,500.
For salary t>f as«i«tant cashier in the United States de-
positoiv at Pittsburg, $1,000.
For s.'ilaiy of watelnnaa in the United States depository
at Pittsburg, ,$900. 3
For contingent expenses of the United States depository
at Pittsbufg, $200.
For salary ot cashier in the United States depository at
Baltimore, $3,800. J
For salary of clerk in the United States depository at
Baltimor", $1,500.
For salary ot clerk in the United States depository at
Baltimore, $1,200.
For salary of clerk in the United States depository at
Baltimore, $1,000.
For salary ot clerk in the United States depository at
Baltimore, $9U0. J
Fot salary of messenger m the United States depository
at Baltimo e,$900.
For contingent expenses of United States depositorv at
Baltimore, .$360.
For salary of cashier in the office of the United States
Assistant 11easurei at San Francisco, $2,500.
For sai.iry of book-keeper in the office of the United States
Assistant Treasurer at Sari Francisco, $2,000.
For salary ot cashier in the United States depository at
Cincinnati, $2,000.
For salary of the assistant cashier m the United States
depository at Cincinnati, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier in the United States de-
pository at Cincinnati, $1,200.
For salary of aslant cashier in the United States de-
positoiy at Cincinnati, $1,000.
For salary of the teller in the United States depository at
Cincinnati, $1,300.
For salary of the book-keeper in the United States depos-
itory at Cincinnati, $1,500.
For salaries of twocleiks in the United States depositorv
atCincmnati, $2,500.
For salary ot clerk in the United States depository at
Cincinnati, $1,200.
For contingent expenses of the United States depository
at Cincinnati, $2,000.
_ Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have some
information from the honorable chairman of the
committee with regard to the reason for this
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Senator
that is a section changing altogether the mode of
paying this class of officers. I cannot, without
some difficulty, without looking at the law, say
how much these officers receive now. This is
some increase; I cannot say how much. 1 have
been trying to get the information. I am satisfied
that the Senate ought not now, for the first time,
to fix the pay of all these officers without any
other information than we have at present, ft
is very probable that the scale of prices fixed in
the section is reasonable and proper; but we
have no information on the subject—1 speak of
the Committee on Finance. This is an attempt
to classify and pay, by special appropriation, va-
rious officers that have heretofore been paid out
of the customs appropriation. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment of the committee striking out
the section will be concurred in.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the six-
teenth section, in the following words:
Pec. 16. *3nd he it further enacted, That the sum of
$9,881 25 be, and the same is hereby, appropnated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of salaries of clerks and others indicated in
the preceding section, and of contingent expenses for the
three months ending June 30, 1865.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the sev-
enteenth section, in the following words:
Sec. 17. Jind be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Tieasury Department be, and they
are heieby, authorized to pay A. D. Collingsworth, O.
II. Vcdder, Edvvaid It. Shetiuan, Charles C. Adams, The-
ophiltm II. Gladwin, Samuel W. Tucker, and ihe other
persons employed by the deputy provost marshal of the
District ot Columbia in the enrolling office of said marshal,
for night work and special service pertotmed in pui&uance
of a contiact between said clerks and said provost marshal,
such accounts being properly certified upon the rolls, or by
said deputy provost marshal; and the amount necessary
therefor is hereby approp.iated out of any money in the
Treasury not otnerwise appiopriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section of the bill,
in the following words:
Sec 18. Jind be it further enacted, That no person shall
be tued by court-maitial or military commission m any
State or Territoiy where the courts of the United States
are open except persons actually mustered orcommissioned
or appointed in the tmhtaiy or naval service of the United
Slates, or rebel enemies chaiged with being spies.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, in passing, that
this is rather a new feature in an omnibus bill, a
question of high constitutional privilege, involv-
ing the rights and liberty of the citizen, in regard
to which men talk about chartered rights and
privileges, &c. We thought it too grave a sub-
ject for the Committee on Finance to act upon.
It is put into the appropriation bill, and we left it
for the Senate to dispose of. I presume the read-
ing of the section has not excited attention, but
it will discharge all the persons in custody for
military offenses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Ohio move to
strike out that section?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir;, we thought we
would leave that to the discretion of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it pre-
sents no question for consideration, unless amo-
tion is made.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to strike it out, and
call for the yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. COWAN.* i think that is a section which
every man in this Chamber, at all times and un-
der all circumstances, should vote for and insist
upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to strike out
is not now in order. Let us go through with the
bill first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee do not recommend any amendment to this
section, and the amendments of the committee
should be first considered, according to the uni-
form custom of the Senate.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
thirteen and fourteen of section nineteen, making
appropriations for deficiencies, in the following
words: 1
For tool and siege tiains for armies in the field, $200 000
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nineteen,
to strike out the following paragraph:
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation forthe Indian
service in Ltali, being tor money advanced by Brigham
^oting while Governor and ex officio superintendent of
Indian affairs, found due and allowed by the Secretarv of
the Interior. §38,UOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following clause:
To pay H. A. Kiopfer for ten months' services as a laborer
in the office of the Attorney General, at forty dollars per
month, $400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For continuing work at the Brooklyn navy-yard, to wit;
for piling, filling in, and building crib-work on cob dock
for gun park, §350,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
twentieth section, in the following words:
Sec. 20. Jhid be it further enacted, That the true con-
struction of the sixth section of the £: Act respecting the
organization of the Anny, and for other purpose^,"' ap-
proved August 23, 1842, and ot all laws relating in ruij way
to the allowance of double rations to officers, authorizes
such allowance to the lollowirig olhcei.-., and to no others
whatever: to ihe Geueral-in-Clnel commandmg the armies
of the United States; to each neutral officer connnaiider-
iil-chief of a separate army actually in the field; to each
general officer commanding a geographical division em-
bracing one or more military departments; and to each
officer commanding a military geographical department;
and that any general order or regulation or usage allowing
double rations to a chief of Maff, or any other otlicer tliau
those above mentioned, is illegal and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
Jlni be it further emitted, That the Secretary of th 
Treasury be directedyfpay the interest on the debt due tha
Snfctbsoiuan Institution in com, as the interest on other
periVnent debts pie by the United States prior to the
presenlkrebellionKave been and are paid.
Mr. offi-IilES. I have a word to say on that
subject, yam opposed to the adoption of that
amendment, in the first place, I do not know
any reason why there should be a distinction
made between a debt that is due to the Smithso-
nian Institution and a debt due to anybody else
by the United States Government. I understand
that by some construction or other the Treasury
Department have decided that this is a kind of
trust debt; and that from this time henceforth
they intend to pay the interest upon what they
call the trust fund in gold. The purpose of this
amendment is to make this retrospective, and to
pay some forty thousand dollars in currency,
being the difference between the amount which
has hitherto been received by the Smithsonian
Institution and that which they claim they ought
to have received and would have received' if this
motley lmd been paid to them in coin. Tne Smith-
sonian Institution is a very wealthy corporation,
and is able to reimburse itself, and to rebuild and
refit the buildings which have been recently de-
stroyed. It will be remembered that when Mr.
Smithson made this bequest, or shortly after ha
made it, the Government created a corporation.
That corporation, or their trustee, saw lit to in-
vest their money in Arkansas bonds. Those
bonds mostly turned out to be valueless. The
Government, however, assumed it, and we now
pay, and have for many years paid, the Smith-
sonian Institute upward of $30,000 a year upon
this amount of $515,000, I think it is, which is
the amount of the permanent fund of the Smith-
sonian Institute.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether the Government did not make that in-
vestment in Arkansas bonds. I think it was not
an act of the corporation, but of the Government.
Mr. GRIMES. It is perfectly immaterial, so
far r.s this question is concerned, whether the
Government made it, or whether the regents of
the Smithsonian Institute made it diiectly them-
selves; for if the Government made it, the Gov-
ernment made that investmentat the instance and
the requcstof the regents of ihe Smithsonian in-
stitute.
Mr. SUMNER. No; it was before the organi-
zation; before there were regents.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the amount of
the fund belonging to the Smithsonian Institution
is $515,000. They expended in the building, on
the public reservation, £325,000. It is claimed
by them that to put the roof on the building, and
put it in about the condition it was in before the
fire there will be required from tluriy-six to forty
thousand dollars; but to improve it us they want
to improve it, to make it entirely fire-proof, to
change its construction very materially, they say
they have the opinion of an Army engineer, Col-
onel Alexander, but who is no architect, no ex-
pert, and whose judgment, therefore, is worth-
less ina matter of this kind, thatit will cost sonic-
