1865.
THE COtfGEESSIOKiL GLOBE.
where in the neighborhood of $100,000. This
Institution, beside the$515,000 upon which we are
paying thera the interest, have accumulated from
that interest $75,000 in Indiana State bonds, which
are good; $53,500 in Virginia bonds, which are
not of much value; $12,000in Tennessee bonds;
$500 in Georgia bonds; and $100 in Washington
city bonds. Then they have in cash $20,000, and
they have in gold $26,200, which is worth $52,000
to-day in currency. So it will be observed that
they have in available funds, saying nothing about
the Virginia, Tennessee, Georgia, and Washing-
ton bonds, $95,000, beside $26,200 in gold.
I have heard it said that we ought to pay the
Smithsonian Institution this money in gold, be-
cause we pay sOme of the Indians by treaty stip-
ulation in gold. I think the Senators who are
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs will
bear testimony to the Senate that we have paid
gold to no Indians except where there was an ex-
press agreement in the treaty that payment should
be made in coin. We have had, and have, an
abundance of treaties with the Indians; we hold
their money in trust; but in no instance, I under-
take to say, has the money been paid to these
Indians in gold except when there was an express
stipulation m the treaty that it should be paid in
gold. I know of no reason why there should be
an exception made in favor of this rich corpo-
ration, the Smithsonian Institution — why they
should be treated any better than our Indian tribes
are treated.
Mr. COLLAMER. Are they not paid ingold?
Mr. GRIMES. I undertake to say that there
are not and have not been any Indians paid in
gold except where there was an express stipula-
tion in the treaty that they should be paid in coin.
I asked the gentlemen on the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, when the Indian appropriation bill
was under consideration the other day, if that was
not so, and they said it was so. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Lane] bowed his head and
said it was so. There are treaties made with the
Indians, I admit, by which we have agreed to pay
them in coin; and then there are other treaties in
which we have not that stipulation; but where
that stipulation is not embodied in the treaty we
do not pay them in coin. There is lying on your
table at this moment a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking that we shall do
for these Indians precisely what the Smithsonian
Institute asks we shall do for them—that we shall
pay them in coin in the future. But this Senate,
so far as I know, has refused to da that; so far
as I am informed, the Committee on Jndian Af-
fairs have utterly refused to do it. I do not see
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
present, nor my colleague; but there are gentle-
men here, I think, who know what the facts are
in regard to the payment of these Indians. Now,
I ask, if it be true, and I think it will be demon-
strated in a few minutes that it is true, that this is
the method in which we treat the Indians whose
funds we hold in trust, is there any very substan-
tial reason why we should deviate from this rule
in favor of this corporation, the Smithsonian In-
stitute ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
have no doubt at all about this proposition so far
as it is now reported. It is true that a proposi-
tion was submitted to the committee that the back
payments already made should be made equal to
gold. That we rejected on the ground that the
money having been received by the corporation,
withoutany objection, they certainly cannot now
present a legal'claim against the United States to
make good any loss which may have accrued
from their taking a depreciated currency. But
upon the main question, that they are entitled to
the interest of this trust fund in gold, we had no
doubt. All the permanent debt of the United
States is now payable in coin. That has been
the established policy of the Government since
the foundation of the Government, and I think it
never has been departed from. Let me put this
case: suppose this corporation, instead of allowing
this money to remain simply as a trust fund iti the
Treasury of the United States, had taken bonds
of the United States registered in the ordinary
way, which they had a right to do, and left them
in the Treasury Department; they would hare
drawn their interest in gold precisely as the holder
of any other bonds would have done. I am in-
formed that this now stands as a registered debt.
Mr. GRIMES. How long has that been so ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Always, I presume. It
stands as a trust debt. There is no difference
between them.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is the distinction be-
tween this case and that of the Indians?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will mention that in a few
moments.
There is, therefore, no distinction between this
case and any other portion of the.permanent debt
of the United States. This corporation, whether
rich or poor, whether it is a charitable one, or one
making money on its own account, would have
the right to demand of the Government the same
interest that is paid to any other bondholder of
the United States. The fact that this money
stands to the credit of this corporation as a trust
fund in the Treasury Department only strengthens
that obligation, because it is a general rule of
equity, as well as a rule of law, that a trust fund
must be treated more favorably than any other
fund. Therefore the United States, having as-
sumed the burden of a trustee, would be held in
a court of equity to a more rigorous rule than it
would be even where it stands upon its legal
rights. If the United States is bound to pay to
any other class of bondholders interest in gold it
certainly should do so to thiscorporation, whether
it be rich or poor, whether it be a charitable one
or one making money on its own account. It
seems to me, therefore, the proposition is plain.
But the Senator says that we have refused to
do this with the Indians. The difference between
our treaties with the Indians and an obligation of
this kind is, that an Indian treaty requires us to
pay annuities from time to time; every year we
pay so much, it seems to me there is a distinc-
tion between the two. Wherever we stipulate to
pay these annuities in coin, we pay them in coin.
There is a difference between the payment of an
annuity and the payment of interest on the pub-
lic debt; and that difference has always been rec-
ognized since the foundation of the Government.
But even if we did injustice to the Indians, we
make it good by the payment of large bounties;
we more than make it good by our annual appro-
priations for the expenses of the Indian depart-
ment. Since the recent condition of affairs, since
we have been involved in war, we have appro-
priated very large sums, this year amounting to
more than a million dollars, for the benefit of the
Indians not included in Indian treaties. We have
indeed made good to them the appropriations in
gold, or nearly so. If, therefore, there is any in-
justice done to the Indians, it certainly is not a
peculiar hardship.
In this case the proposition was so plain that
the committee had no hesitation about awarding
the payment in gold from this time forward. I
am told that this question has never been acted
upon in the Treasury Department, but that if
these parties had demanded their interest in gold,
precisely as other creditors have done, and as they
had a right to do, they would have been paid in
• coin at any time since the beginning of this war.
There has been no distinction in the Treasury
Department between this debt and any other
funded debt of the United States the interest of
which is payable in coin.
Mr. HALE. If I do not entirely misunder-
stand the nature of this case, it seems to me there
is no force in the suggestions which have been
made in regard to any obligations of the Govern-
ment, for this reason: this Mr. Smithson gave
this fund, some five hundred thousand dollars or
more, to the United States; they are the benefi-
ciaries of this donation; it was the property of the
United States; and the Smithsonian institution,
whether it was a wise or an unwise creation of
Congress, was simply a machinery instituted by
the United States for the purpose of carrying on
and carryingout the bequest oi'Mr. Smithson. To
speak of tins Institution as an institution apart
from the Government of the United States, to my
humble comprehension is perfectly absurd. It is
the United States that own this Institution. It
was for the benefit of the United States that the
fund was given to them; and Congress, because
it was not convenient to take it and manage it, as
they did the other interests of the Government,
created these agents, created this Institution, as a
mere matter of convenience by which the Gov-
ernment might manage the fund that was in-
trusted to them for the purposes specified in Mr.
Smithson's will. They have no claim, no interr
est, in this matter. The only question was, ho r
shall the Government, if they accept the trilsfti
carry it on ? They concluded to carry it on by
this machinery. It is not an institution adverse
to the United States Government. It is not an
institution that has the least claim under heaven
upon the Government. They are the mere creat-
ures of the Government, to enable them, accord-
ing to the purportof the will, to execute the trust
'that has been confided to them. How can they
come here and occupy the position of creditors ?
They are no creditors. They have no interest
under heaven, notthe slightest; they are the mere
agents appointed by law to execute this trust for
the United States in the use of a fund which be-
longs to the United States. That is the whole of
it. That being the case, this being the property
of the United States, managed for their benefit
through this instrumentality, it is contended that
the Government of the United States shall in-
crease by a hundred-fold the appropriations fox
the Institution. I do not see the slightest claim
in the world.
Let me state another fact. The honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa did not state this thingexactly as
it was. The fact was that about 1840, or notfar
from that time—I do not know the exact time
that this fund was given to the United States—
was a pretty haid time for the Democratic party;
they had had hard luck; and the Secretary of
the Treasury took the whole of this fund, every
dollar of it, and gave it to Arkansas, no doubt
for highly patriotic purposes, [laughter,] and it
was all sunk; and there wasan end of the bubble,
or ought to have been. But Congress were so
much tickled with the idea of this bequest that
they assumed the debt. They did not make much
by investing it in Arkansas politics; everything
went by default; and then Congress stepped in
and paid out of the Treasury that which they
had wasted.
I will not repeat what I have heretofore said in
regard to this Institution; I will not say but that
it is possibly a wise one, and a wise appropriation
of public money, because it is rather impertinent
to the question that is now before the Senate. It
has been characterized, I think by Greeley—arid
I do not often quote him—as a sort of lying-in
hospital for literary valetudinarians, [laughter,]
and that is about the amount of it. 1 remember
once that some friends were here and had been
visiting about the places of interest in the city of
Washington, and had got pretty much through
with them, and I askeu them, "What are you
going to do to-day ?" They said they were goiiig
over to look at the Smithsonian Institution, and
find out what it was. I told them I was exceefl-
ingly glad they were going to start on such a
mission, and I asked them, if they did find out,
to tell mg when they got back. They did notcall
on me when they got back. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I know of no reason under heaven
why, when we pay in currency the men who are
shedding their blood in defense of the country,
the men who are periling everything for the sal-
vation of the country, we should come in and pay
this pet child we have created in this manner in
gold. I think it would shock the moral sense of
the nation to-day, if they knew that we propose
to pay in gold the interest on this debt, which i«
no debt at all, when we pay those who fight our
battles, and shed their blood in our defense, in
currency. 1 hope the amendment will not bs
adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds investigated this subject
to some extent, and became entirely satisfied, with
the exception of the Senatorfrom lowa,l believe,
that this interest ought to be paid in gold. I am
very glad to hear the statement of the Senator
from Iowa. I am glad he is able to prove that
this Institution is in good condition. I am grati-
fied that he has shown it has full funds, with an
accumulation of $75,000in Indiana bonds-—a sure
and reliable fund—and something against the
State of Virginia. I shall be gratified each ses-
sion while I have the honor of serving along with
him to hear him make as good a statement of the
Smithsonian institution as he has to-night.
He says it is a rich institution. I am glad df
that. 1 was once a member of the Indiana Le-
gislature, and every now and then 1 heard some
Representative or Senator talking about the
