602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,,
sels, navy-yards, and other naval establishments, and the
direction, employment, and disposition of the navai forces
in time of tv.u. All *ueb opinions shall be recorded.
Sec. —. j)nd be itjmthc'i enacted, Tu.it no vessel-of-war
shall be built or materially alteied, nor any guns of new
cons-truenon oidered or adopted, not any engine ioi any
vessel of-war adopted oroidered. nor any permanemMruc-
ture toi naval service executed, until the plans, emanates,
proposals, and contracts, tor the same shall have been sub-
mitted to'the board, and its opinion and advice thereon
communicated in writing to the Secretary; nor shall any
patented invention be bought or adopted for the naval ser-
vice without firvt the opinion of the board thereon having
been taken ; and all experiments decided to test inventions
and naval plans and structures shall be conducted under
the inspection of the board, or membeis theieof named by
the Secretary, and submitted to the board for its opinion
thereon.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That all invitations
for plans or pioposals for any o! the works above mentioned
shall be pieparcd by the board, subject to the approval of
the Secretary; and all bids or offers r pioposnls for the
same shall be opened in the presence of the board, and the
award made by it, subject to the approval of the Secretary.
See.—. Jin<) be it further enacted, That the Secietary
may add to the boarc\ froin time to time other ofheers of
the Navy eligible to the position ot chief of buieau, not ex-
ceeding tbree at any time, for consultation on any of the
above subjects. The boaid mny take the opinion of enii-
iie,nt practical engineers, mechanics, machinist!?, and archi-
tects, m their respective br<« richer of ait or industry, when
in then opinion the public service will be promoted by it,
and pay them such leasonable compensation as the Secre-
tary may approve.
The amendment having been partially read—
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Mr.
Chairman, 1 have heard enough of that amend-
ment read to make me quite certain that it is out
of oider. Although when it was first offered the
committee decided it to be in order, yet I believe
it to bo so flagrantly out of order that I raise the
question again. 1 desire to say that I am in favor
of the proposition, and would vote for it in the
House; but I object to it becau.sc it is out of or-
der. If we establish a precedent of this kind, there
is nothing under heaven that cannot he got into a
general appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order can-
not be propeily laised till the amendment is be-
fore thccommittee; butas the gentleman from Illi-
nois lias anticipated, the Chair will decide that
ro much of it as has been read is in order. The
Chair overrules the point of order so far as the
amendment has been read. The furiher reading
may disclose what will render the amendment out
of oider. The Clerk will proceed with the read-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do notinsiston
the reading of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not in order to stop the reading of an
amendment.
The rending; of the amendment, was concluded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
Chair decided the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
Ihe remainder of the amendment is in order.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal from
the decision of the Clmir.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] having offered the amend-
ment just read, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne) raises the point of order that the
amendment is notgermaneto the bill. The Chair
overrules the point of order, and from that decis-
ion the gentleman from Illinois takes an appeal.
The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr, DAVIS, of New York. I move that the
committee do now lise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Sciiencic reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having: had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 676) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th June, i860,
had come to no resolution thereon.
JIKPRESENTATION IN ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 126) declaring cettain States not en-
titled to representation in the Electoral College,
in order that the House may concur in the amend-
ment made by the Senate.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken up, and the amendment was read, as
follows:
Strike out of the preamble the vt oids <♦ and u ere m such
condition of armed rebellion for more than three years;"
and insert in lieu thereof:
And weie in such condition on the 8th day of Novem-
ber, 1864, that no valid election tor electors of PieMdent
and Vice President, accouhngto the Constitution and laws
thereof, was held tlieiem on said day: Theieibie.
Mr.YEAMAN. I desire to offer a substitute
for the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I desired to demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
Mr. YEAMAN. I object if I am not allowed
to offer a substitute.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. YEAMAN. I withdraw my objection
and offer the following substitute for the joint res-
olution :
Be it resolved by the Senate ard House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmericain Congress assembled, That
the votes of the piesidential electors of any Suite shall be
counted when presented and vended in the ordinal y and
legal method; and it is incompetent and immaterial tor
Congress to go behind such verilieat ion, ami inquire whether
a part of the citizens of such State may have been m re-
bellion ; and all laws and patts of laws and joint resoiu
lions incompatible with this are hereby repealed.
Mi*. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order that the amendment is not gei-
mane to the Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The only matter before the
House is the Senate amendment; and any amend-
ment, to be in order, must be germane to that.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky would be in order to the original bill,
but is not in order to the Senate amendment.
Mr. YEAMAN. I offer it as a substitute for
the matter before the House.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution has
been passed upon by both Houses, and is not
susceptible of amendment, except so far as applies
to the amendment of the Senate. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky is
not in order.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded.
Mr. COX moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
The question was taken; and the motion to
adjourn was notagieed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the main
question; and being taken, the main question was
ordered.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the amendment of the Senate, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to rcconsiderthe vote by
which the House concurred in the amendment of
the Senate; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. No. 94) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional, out of the sum to be
paid him under his contract for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrcnce of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed the joint reso-
lution (IX. R. No. 3:36) declaung certain States not
entitled to representation in the Electoral College,
with an amendment, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
MANITOWOC, WISCONSIN".
Mr. ELDRIDGE,by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of the
Slate of 'Wisconsin, to the Congress of the United S
| States, in relation to the improvement of the bar- j
b or of Manitowoc, Wisconsin; which was referred i
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be j
printed. I
[ i
MARRIAGES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. j
The SPEAKER, The Chair would call the j
| attention of the House to the fact that the bill in |
' relation to mauiages in the Disti ict of Columbia, i
j introduced on yesterday by tiie gentleman from ;
j Iowa [Mr. Price] was by mistake icforred to the j
i Committee for the District of Columbia. If no j
| objection is made ihe bill will be referred to the !
i Committee on the Judiciary. I
No objection was made, and the bill was re-
ferred accordingly.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced the following resolution:
Resolved, That rule 102 be amended as follows :
Tn line one s-li ike out •' *even," and insert " eight."
At the end of the rule add : (iA committee on so much of
the public accounts and expenditures as relate to the De.
partment of Agriculture."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Rules; which was ngreed'to.
And then, on motion of Mr. IIOLMAN, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 6, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL KKFERUED.
The bill (II. R. No. G41) to provide for another
term of the circuit court of the United States for
the district of Arkansas, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. POMEROY presented the credentials of
Hon. James PI. Lane,chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Kansas a Senator from that Stato
for the term of six years, commencing March 4,
1865; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. MORRILL piesented the credentials of
Hon. Nathan A. Farwell,chosen by theLegiV
lature of the State of Maine a Senator from that
State to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resigna-
tion of Hon. William Put Fessonden in the term
which will expire on the 3d of March, 1865. The
credentials were read, and the oath to support the
Constitution having been administered to Mr.
Faiovell, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. I now present the petition
which I submitted on Saturday from Mr. E.
Bloodgood Beebe. Having read the petition, I
see nothing in it which should deprive him of the
right of petition, although what he asks is a very
foolish and unwauantahle thing. The petition
being respectful and well got up, I can see no rea-
son why it should not be presented. I think we
have no appropriate committee to which to refer
it, and I ask that it lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. What is in it?
Mr. POMEROY. The petitioner desires that
the opposing armies in the United States shall
combine and fight the French out of Mexico, and
then take Cuba and Canada, and by that time he
thinks the Union will be so consolidated thatthcy
ncvei will fight each other any more.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York,
in favor of a bill establishing a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States, in
which, speaking of the bill now before Congress,
they say:
"Though admitting of improvement in several respects,
the bill in its general outline and pioviMons seems ihawu
with signal ability and with a wise icgaid alike for the true
interests of debtorand ctednor. and vour committee regaid
its passage as eminently desirable."
As the bill has been reported from the commit-
tee and is before the Senate, I move that the me-
morial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of mer-
chants of the city of New York, praying the
passage of the bill for the construction of a na-
tional ship-canal from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario;
which was refened to the Committee on Mdttaiy
Affairs and the Militia,
Mr. WILSON piesented the petition of Daniel
J. Browne, agent to visit various parts of Europe
to investigate and repoi t on the production, manu-
factuie, and commerce of the flax and wines of
European countries, praying that an investigation
may be had in relation to the exercise of unwar-
rantable power of one officer over another, and *
that he may be compensated for detention and
