1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
make thissurvey ? InwhatState? InwhatTer-
ritory ? I bad almost said in what country ?
Mr. NYE. Where is this expenditure to be
made? Jt dq^s not state.
Mr. CLARK. Which?
Mr. NYE. This appropriation of §15,000 for
this purpose in the bill.
Mr. CLARK. At such place as the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, if directed to
procure the information, shall think he can best
find it.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will read the
last clause ofmy amendment he vviil find the same
thing. The last clause says that the survey shall
commence at such point as the Secretary of the
Interior shall direct.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it. It is a very
different thing to select and collect information
into the Land Office from the whole country from
what it is to survey the whole country. The in-
formation may be necessary before we start to
survey. It may be necessary to know whether
it is worth while to begin to survey, and then to
appoint three commissioners to go on afterward
to mtfke further surveys. I think it is better to
have the information that is provided for in the
bill asif comes from the House before weattempt
to do this. But, sir, this is not a lime to debate
it any more than it is a time to intioduce it. I
can only conclude by saying that 1 hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. 1 undertake to say that the
clause to which I have offered this amendment
does not pretend to determine what information
we shall have. The Senator says we should first
get the information that the bill provides for. It
docs not provide for any definite information; and
the facts of record show that the information
which has been pretended to be obtained, and
which has been published to the people, is incor-
rect in every essential particular, extravagant, cal-
culated to produce a great deal of uneasiness, a
great deal of disquiet, a gieat deal of dissatiafac-
tion. The whole condition of the mineral region
has been misrepresented, to the great detriment of
the country. The provision in the bill is an in-
jurious, hurtful one, and*t had better be out. You
had better appropriate nothing at all unless you
mean to cany out some measure as i have offered.
Mr. GRIMES. Move to strike it out.
Mr. STEWART. I have moved to strike it
out and to insert in lieu of it the provision that
has been read. The amendment that I have of-
fered, so far from being indefinite, provides for
a geological survey at such point as the Secretary
ofthe lnteriorshail designate in the mineral lands,
for the purpose of separating the mineral lands
from those that are not mineral, so that home-
steads may be had in the mineral districts; so that
a huge amount of lands may be brought into mar-
ket; so that the Government may get some infor-
mation; so that it may get some money. I should
not have offered it at this late stage of the session
if there had been an opportunity to mature a bill
before this. There was no opportunity. The
subject, however, has been up and talked about
in tiie Committee on PubiicLands. The Senator
from Iowa, the chairman of that committee, and
myself, and two or three others, have discussed it.
We had a sub-committee appointed to bring in
something of this kind, to make a start with regard
to obtaining information as to what lands could
be offered for sale in the mineral regions, to see
what mineral lands we have. We have conversed
about thissulject. Thisamendmenthas not been
hastily prepared. It was prepared some days ago,
talked over by the members of the committee, and
agreed to, if there should be an opportunity to
present it. It is in definite shape. We should
not, however, have presented it, or attempted to
clog any bill with it if we had not been met with
an appropriation, vague and indefinite, to appro-
priate $15,000 for collecting idle rumors which
will again insult the sense of the people, because
ihey are not founded in fact. That certainly
should be stricken out. There is no use of spend-
ing money m that way. Buta geological survey of I;
the country is something we must have before we 1
can put m market any of the lands that are not ;!
mineral that are within the mineral districts. It !j
must first be determined by exploration. This I!
amendment appropriates $50,000fora geological j!
survey, and the balance, after thosesurveysshall ;•
have been made, is to be appropriated for the pur- H
pose of laying off the lands, surveying the lands
that are not mineral, for the purpose ot sale.
Mr. JOHNSON. Can the question be divided?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot. A
motion tu stiike out and insert is an indivisible
proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest to my friend
from Nevada the propriety of diminishing the sum
named in the first item of his amendment to $15,-
000, the same amount that is contained in the bill,
and then I could vote for the whole proposition
if you require the application of the $15,000 to be
made by the Secretary of the Interior in such a
mode as to enable him to discriminate between
the lands that are in factmineral, and those which
are denominated as mineral which are not in fact
mineral.
Mr. STEWART. I accept that amendment:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for the Senator to modify his amendment,
and it will be so modified.
Mr. HARLAN. I was about to suggest the
propriety of dispensing with that part of the
amendment which provides for the appointment
of three commissioners. I think the §15,000 may
be expended as wisely, probably, by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, whose at-
tention has been called to the subject.
Mr. STEWART. 1 will accept that also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada further modifies his amendment by
striking out that portion of it relating to the ap-
pointment of commissioners.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say to my friend from
New Hampshire that the proposition to appro-
priate $50,000 for the survey of these lands is emi-
nently proper. There are vast quantities of public
lands m some of the new States, including Cali-
fornia, Oregon, and the Territory of Washington,
that are excellent lands, and are included in what
are called mineral lands, and are not surveyed.
Mr. CLARK. It is a bad time to t)egin now.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is the time to begin
now. We need the money to be derived from the
proceeds of the sale of those lands. These lands
are being occupied by agriculturists, and the tim-
ber growing on them is being carried off, not only
by the people of your own country, but is being
shipped to England and to various countries in
Europe. Fleets go around on this coast and take
the best umber growing on the lands and carry it
off. We are not able under the existing laws of
the United States to sell these lands to our own
citizens. They are not mineial lands in fact; that
is, they do not bear the precious metals. They
are of a mineral character, but the developments
are not such as usually bear either gold, silver,
copper, tin, or quicksilver. They may con-
tain iron, coal, and the baser metals. I think the
time has arrived when we should enter on the
survey of these lands that do not bear the precious
metals, that are now being occupied by squatters,
and all the valuable timber being taken off. If,
in t'nt? opinion of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, none of these lands should be
biought into market, not a dollar would be ex-
pended except the $15,000 which is provided for
in the text of the bill. The amendment prepared
by the Senator from Nevada provides that this
$15,000 shall be so expended as to enable the
Commissioner to discriminate between the lands
that are not mineral and those that are mineral,
with a view to a survey of those that are not really
mineral and to bringing them into market. With
the modifications that the Senator has made, I am
in favor of his amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to offer the foliowingamend-
ment:
For the purchase and removal of materials and for erect-
ing four greenhouses in the botanic garden, to tie expanded
under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library,
§2,000.
I will state that a favorable opportunity is now
offered, when we desire some moie greenhouses
and need them, to purchase a large greenhouse
erected by Mr. Rives in his lifetime on his place,
which his heirs desire not to continue, and we can
puiehase for less than half the cost, the very ma-
terials we want for this purpose; and the whole
cost, including the purchase, removal, and erec-
tion, will be but $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move an amendment
to the bdl, to be inserted as additional sections,
which I will send up to the Chair.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. Unless some member of the
Senate desires to have the amendment read, there
is probably no necessity of proceeding with it,as
it is an exact copy of a bill which hasalready oc-
cupied the attention of the Senate to some extent.
1 will explain the nature of the amendment. For
the time being, I move that its reading be dis-
pensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be dis-
pensed with if no Senator insisis on the reading.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed to move this
as an amendment to this biil by the Committee
on Military Affairs, under the conviction that it
is necessary for the military defense of the coun-
try, and under the further conviction that it will
result in the saving of many million dollars to the
Government. The Senate will remember that
when this bill was under discussion it was ex-
plained that it was to reimburse the State of
Missouri in the sum of $4,000,000 for money
which had been expended and paid out to the
militia troops serving in that State.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us take a vote upon it.
Mr. BROWN. I will not prolong the discus-
sion at all unless it is desired.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator does not carry
his amendment he can call for a division and then
explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish only to say in re-
gard to this amendment that I would object to it
and resist it as an amendment to this bill but for
one reason: the Senate have already passed this
bill unanimously and sent it to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and they have defeated it. I give
notice to the honorable Senator that by an inflex-
ible rule on a committee of conference, if objected
to by the House, it will fail; and 1 scarcely see
any use in putting it on this bill.
Mr. BROWN. I do not think it will be objected
to. 1 think it failed in the House under a mis-
apprehension altogether.
The amendment was agreed to, as follows:
JSnd be it further enacted, That immediately after the
passage of this act, the President shall appoint a commis-
sioner, whose duty it shall he to ascertain the amount of
moneys expended by the State of Missouri in enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, and paying such Stare forces as have
been called into bervice in &aid Slate since the 24th day
of August, 1661, to aet in concert with the United State's
forces in the suppression of rebellion against the United
States.
j3nd he it further enacted, That the commissioner so ap-
pointed shall proceed at once to examine all the items of
expenditure made by said State for the puiposes herein
named, allowing only foi disbursements made and amounts
assumed by the State for enrolling, equipping, subsiding,
and paying such troops as were called into service by the
Governor at the request of the United States department
commander commanding the district in whicn Missuini
may at ihe time have been included, or by the express or-
der, consent, or concurrence of such commander. And no
allowance shall be made for any troops which did not per-
ioral actual military seivice in fullcouecrtand cooperation
with the authorities of the United States and subject to
their orders.
Jiiul be it further enacted, That in making up said ac-
count, for the convenience of the accounting oflieei-* of the
Government, the commissioner shall state separately the
amounts expended lespectively, for enrolling, equipping,
arming, subsisting, and paying said troops, and from the
aggregate amount he shall drduet the auiountof direct tax
due by the said State to the United States under the act
entitled "An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports to pay interest on the public debt, and lor other
purposes,"'approved August 1861. or the act entitled
"An act to allow and pay to the State of Mi-aouri the
amount of money expended by said State in the aiming and
paying of troops employed in tiie suppression of insurrec-
tion ngauist the law* of the United States," approved July
17, 1802.
Jlndheil further enacted, Thai in the adjustment of ac-
counts under thi* ucl the commissioner shall not allow for
any expenditure or compensation lor seiviee at a rate
greater than was at the time authorized by the law* of the
United States in similar eases.
•And be it father enacted, That so soon a«? said commis-
sioner shall have made up said account and ascertained
the balance, as herein directed, he shall make wutten re-
port theieot, showing the different item" of expenditure as
hereinbHore stated, to the Secretary of the Trea-my; and
if from i-aid leport it shall appear that any sum remains due
to ihe said State, he shall diaw his warrant tor the same,
payable to the Governor of said State, and deliver it to
him.
*tind be it further enacted, That the commissioner to ho
appointed as aforesaid shall, helore piocee<iin<r to the dis-
charge ofhibduttes, besworn that he will caretuUy examine
the accounts existing between the United States and the
State of Missouri, ana that he will, to the best of hta ability.
