1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
loss of time, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of merchant
tailors of Hartford, Connecticut, and those en-
gaged in the millineiy and cloak-making business,
praying- that a specific tax may be imposed on
each of those classes of woilc beyond a certain
exempted amount of each, and that the internal
revenue iaw may be modified accoidingly; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Berrien county, Michigan, praying that
one or more of the southern States may be set
apart as a home for colored people; which were
referred to the select committee on slavery and
the treatment of freedmen.
Mr.CHANDLER presented the petition of J.
Owen, praying the repeal of the act entitled {l An
act to regulate the admeasurement of the tonnage
of ships and vessels of the United States;" which
was referred to the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of officers
of the United States Government employed in the
navy-yaid in Washington, District of Columbia,
praying for an increase ot salary; which was re-
fened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. IIOWE presented a petition of citizens of
the county of Manitowoc, Wisconsin, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor at the mouth of the Manitowoc river; which
was referred to (he Committee on Commerce.
He also piesentcd the memorial of the Legis-
lature (yf Wisconsin, in favor of the improvement
of the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin; which
was refeired to the Committee on Commerce, and
oidered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Andrew J. Gray, praying for a pension; which
wa« referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Me also presented a communication from J G.
Knapp, in relation to She transmission of piinted
matter and seeds through the mails to the Terri-
tories; which was referred to the Committee on
Agricultu re.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of mili-
tary officers in the seivice of the United States,
praying for an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. NESM1TB presented the petition of Al-
bert J Moyer, praying for an acknowledgment
of his services in the invention and use of plans
of signals in the military and naval service, and
that he may icceive the reward in rank and
emoluments to which those services entitle him;
winch was refeired to the Committee on Military
A {fairs and the Militia.
Mi. POMEllOY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Wy-
andott to the southern boundary of the State, and
that the title of the Cherokee Indians to certain
lands in that State be extinguished; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of An-
sel m Richard, praying for indemnification for
depredations committed by the armed vessels of
Fiance on commerce owned by his father prior
to the year 1801 j which was ordered to he on the
table, the bill commonly called the French spolia-
tion hill being pending.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand, Mr.
President, a petition most respectably signed by
citizens of Boston, in which they ask Congress
to enact a law preferring for appointment to all
inferior offices persons honorably discharged fi om
the military tserv ice of the United States who shall
have served for a period of three years during the
present rebellion,or who shall have suffered per-
manent disability while in the set \ ice, or who shall
have been held for one year as prisoners of war,
and that the tenure of such offices be for life or dur-
ing good behavior. This petition is most respect-
ably signed, as I have said; indeed, I have rarely
offered a petition where the names were moie enti-
tled to consideration. They aie among the most
eminent citizens of Huston. There is no commit-
tee to which this subject can appropriately he le-
forred, but I would state that some tune during the
laatKussion I introduced a bill, which is now upon
the Calendar, to re\ ise the civil service of the coun-
try in order to secure a better class of officers.
That bill has never been called up for considera-
tion, nor, as I have said, is there any committee
to which the subject can be referred; but as the
persons in interest arc in the largest number con-
nected with the military service of the country,
I move that this petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, tiansmitting the annual report of the Pa-
tent Office for the year 1864; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in an-
swer to the resolution of the Senate of the 2d in-
stant, a copy of the report of the Provost Marshal
Geneial, accompanied by copies of ail papers in
the possession of the War Department, relating
to the quota of the State of Rhode Island under
the act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces and the acts in amendment thereto; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
He also hud before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate of Jan-
uary 1C, 18G5, a report of the board of commis-
sioners of the Soldiers' Home, accompanied by
certain statements which, with Senate Executive
Document No. 52, second session Thirty-Seventh
Congress, contained the information concerning
the Soldiers* Home called for in that resolution;
which was laid on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of War, communicating, in
obedience to law, a statement showing the ex-
penditures of the appropriation for the contingent
expenses of the military establishment for the
year 18G4; which was laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk,
announcing that the Hou.sc had passed a joint
resolution (II. R. No. 1G1) in relation to certain
railroads, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
JtKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itaiy Allans and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 406) for the benefit of offi-
cers of the Army in the field, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee onClaims,
to whom was refened the memonal of the Me-
chanics'and Traders' Bank of New Orleans, pray •
ing that the Secretary of the Treasury may be
authorized to return to that bank the amount of
money paid on dividends to stockholders in the
city of New Yoi k by order of Major Genera! But-
ler, which had been previously confiscated in the
hands of the bank by agents of the rebel govern-
ment, asked to be disehaiged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the committee on the con-
duct of the war, who were directed to inquire ^
into the facts and circumstances concerning the
attack on Petersburg on the 30th of July, 1864,
submitted a report, which, with the accompany- !
ing testimony, was ordered to be printed. A mo- :
tion of Mr. Anthony, to print five thousand extra
copies, was referred to the Committee on Printing. ^
TJJADK VTIIH INSURRECTIONARY STATES. |
Mr. COLL AM ER submitted the following res- :
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to; :
Resoh (d, Tint tlie Pi o-ident be roqueted to inform tho '
Senate whether., -nice the 2d day ol July la->t th'-re have
been granted to any irnliv.du.iK other than airents of the '
TreaMiiy, any Oideis, penults or Ireen-es to huv, Si, !
contio',"or indriv way to deal in cotton or product: in the 1
&eecd"d Htate*!. and jt so, what ha> been the nature and .
o::lt nt of burh liecnsc- or pel aim, and to whom the same
have boen s: anted, and at wiio-i- ^.iuMtntion, and what ,
order- have b.-.-n panted to military author me.- to aid the i
panic ; and iuuher to mtoiin the donate what rule of pref-
erence 1ms been adopted as to ih< pi r-ous to whom Mich j
pctmiN or he-n-e-. it any, have bi-en (/muted, whether ,
any and what con-ideiaium in* b'-en paid lor s-ueh pfi- 1
sonal and valuable piivikjre*, ant! under wli.it law fetich :
licenses or permits, it any, have been panted.
HOUSE BILL j
The joint resolution (II. U. No. 1G1) in rela- |
tion to certain railroads wa& read twice by its ,
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affaiis and the Militia.
AGRICULTURAL CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Committee on
Agriculture, to whom was referred the foHowirig
resolution, have directed me to report it back to
the Senate without amendment, and I ask for its
piesent consideration:
Resolved* That two thousand copies of the agricultural
part ot tho Census Report for 1860 be printed for the use of.
the Commissioner of Agriculture.
_ Mr. POMEROY. We have acted on a resolu-
tion of that character, during the absence of my
colleague, offered by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Harlan.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is that resolu-
tion. It was not acted upon by the Senate, but
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture,
and is now reported back by them.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought it was p&sed by
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Should not that resolution
go to the Committee on Printing? I think so,
according to our rule.
Mr. HALE. Oh,no; it is areportfrom acom-
miitce.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Thisresolution is re-
ported hack from the Committee on Agriculture.
The VICE PRESIDENT, is there any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution at this
time? The Chair hears none, and it is now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is a letter from
tho Commissioner of Agriculture on the subject,
which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department of Agriculture,
WAbiUNGioN, I). C., February 1,1P65.
Sir: I desire io ask tho especial attention of your com-
mittee to the impoi lance of having two thousand copies of
the am icultiual paitol the icpoit of the Census Bureau
printed and urven to the Depaitincntof Agriculture forthe
purpose of dwiubutcori to its chief coirespondents of the
condition and amount of the crops and farm stock. The
necessity oi this will be seen at once when jour attention
is drawn to the fact (hat the prelim maiy census repoit con-
tained the sumnuuv of all the crops and nock for each
State, but did not give the returns for each county. The
coiie>pondenee of this Depaitment corfsir'lH of a chief and
five as-sfctant-*, the latter being farmers residing indifferent
parts of the country. Through this organization the De-
partment obtains information, die importance and reliabil-
ity ot which iti now generally conceded, and the aeeuiacy
ol this mfoimation is becoming gieater as the correspond-
ents become moie expenenced. Their zeal, too, keep's
pace with tlint experience. For this information they
receive no other compensation than a copy oi my lepoits
and some papeis of feeds. Their labor is great, and they
have otten expired their wish to have this icpoit.
Apart fioni the tact that the^e poisonsarerendenng this
nnpoitant «eiviee, and that thUserviee will become more
valuable with the census returns of each county bctore
them, thoie aie no petrous who would appreerue so highly
the a^rrenlinial *tati<ucs of the icpoit a.-ked for, or who
would difcsummate it aiound them so much. I trust, thcie-
lore, that the request of a copy foi each of the chief cor*
respondents will meet with vout appiohatlon.
With much respect, your obedient seivant,
IrfAAU NEWTON, Commissioner.
Hon. James II vrlan,
JiUmg Chairman Senate Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It would be well t'o
infoim the Senate that the committee have in-
formation that the type is not yet distributed;
the work is still in type.
Mr. ANTHONY, is the Senator from Kan-
sas prepared to state the cost of the publication :
Has th'-re been an estimate?
Mi, LANE, of Kansas. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is customary for the
Committee on Printing, and, indeed, the rule re-
quite* if, to obtain, before reporting a resolution
for pinning a work, an estimate of the cost. I
prefeired that this resolution should go to the
Committee on Agriculture, because I thought that
that was a more proper committee to consider it,
the Committee on Printing having already re-
ported in favor of punting tho number they thought
proper, without taking this into consideration. I
think it wouid be better for the Senate to know
precisely what the cost will be beforeacfing upon
this matter. It could be obtained in a shoit time
fiom the Superintendent of Public Printing; and,
indeed, i intended to ask him myself and inform
the Committee on Agriculture upon the subject,
but it escaped my memory.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection
to having the lewolution referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY, I do not wish, to have it
