1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0S1.
1369
make <1 just, true, and Impartial statement thereof, as re-
quired by this act. He shall receive such compensation
for his services as may be determined by the Secfetary of
the Treasury.
JUiid be it further enacted, That the sum of $4,000,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to carry this act
into effect.
Mr, GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
For repairing, refitting, and preparing the Naval Academy
buildings and grounds at Annapolis, Maryland, $100,000,
or so much thereof aa may be necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wiH ask if that comes
from a committee?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; and is based upon a
letter of the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have another small amend-
ment that was accidentally left out of the naval
appiopriation bill:
For mileage of Visitors to the annual examination of the
Academy, {§2,000.
That is the usual appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. Iam directed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia to offer the following
amendment:
For continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
$100,000.
The amendment waa agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am directed by the
Committee on Agriculture to offer the following
amendment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay, out of
any money 111 the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $50,000, to he expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Agriculture m the purchase of seeds for
loyal citizens of , who have been impoveti&hed by Army
invasions.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to offer the following
amendment, to be inserted at the end of the first
section of the bill:
For subsistence of fifteen thousand, seven hundred ref-
ugee Indiana in the Indian Territory and Kansas?, from the
1st day of January to the 31st day ot March, both inclusive,
ninety days, $204,750, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior: Provided, That a detailed statement
ofall moneys expended under tins provision shall be made
to the next "Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is rathersingular to make
provision for the subsistence of these Indians for
times past. If the Department have expended this
money withoutauthority of law, that is one thing.
I supposed we had disposed of these fifteen thou-
sand Indians last night by turning them over to
the War Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No committee of this
body, with the exception, it may be, of the Pi-
nance Committee, the Military Committee, and the
Navul Committee, performs more labor than the
Committee on Indian Affairs; and I believe that
committee are satisfied that this appropriation is
nccessary. By a law of Congress the Secretary
of the Interior was directed to take these Indians
out of Kansas as refugees and put them in the
Indian Territory. The Indians were upon the
hands of the Department in a starving condition
and were taken down there. These expenses
have been incurred from the 1st of January last
up to the last day of this month. It is true that
by your action lastnightyou turned theselndians
over to the War Department, but it will take you
thirty days before you can get them into the hands
of the War Department. It is a necessity, in my
opinion, that this appropriation should be made.
It has been estimated for, recommended,and urged
by the Secretary of the iuterior. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it..
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan. Davis, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Fostei, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye,
I'omeroy, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Willey—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Farwell,
Foot, Grimes, Howard, Morgan, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Ten Jiyck, and Trumbull—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, ttrown, Corlile, Collamer,
Hale, Harding,. Harris, Howe, MeDougall, Richardson,
Saulsbury, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of tiie two Houses on the biil (H.
R. No. 682) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th
June, 1866.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its amend-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House (H. R. No. 170) declaring
and defining the meaning of the law in regard to
officers' servants, disagreed to by the Senate, had
agreed to the conference aslred by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. James A. Garfield of
Ohio, Mr. Moses P. Odell of New York, and
Mr. Glenni W. Scofield of Pennsylvania, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House (H. R. No.600) for the betterorgan-
ization of the subsistence department, insisted
on by the Senate, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Robert C. Schenck of Ohio, Mr.
Archibald McAllister of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. Amasa Cobb of Wisconsin, managers at the
same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen
M. Whipple, widow of the late Major General
Amiel W. Whipple, of the United Slates Army;
A bill (S. No. 44) granting a pension to the
widow of the late Major General Hiram G. Berry;
A biil (S. No. 91) to' quiet titles in favor of
parties in actunl possession of lands situated in
the District of Columbia; and
A biil (S. No. 122) for the relief of Mary A.
Baker, widow of Brigadier General Edward D.
Baker.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill(H. R. No. 807) to authorize the coin-
age of three-cent pieces, and for other purposes;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 135) to facilitate
communication with certain Territories.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses'on the bill (H. R. No.
744) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864.
Themessagefurtherannounced thatthe House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (H. 11. No.
703) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof."
The message furtherannounced thatthe House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No.
805) to repeal the eighth section of an act enti-
tled "An act in addition to the several acts con-
cerning commercial intercourse between loyal and
insurrectionary States, and to provide for the col-
lection of captuted or abandoned property, and
the prevention of frauds in States declared in in-
surrection," approved July 2, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted upon its amendment to the first
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(H. R. No. 683) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1866, disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the
furtherconferenceasked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. M. Russell Thayer of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. James G. Blaine of Maine, and
Mr. Francis Kernan of New York, managers
at the game on its part.
CIYIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
786) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30,1866, and for other purposes.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 move to strike out
the eighteenth section of this bill as it came to us
from the House of Representatives; and I ask the
Secretary to read that section.
Mr.POWELL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. There are amendments re-
ported from committees that have not yet been
acted upon.
Mr.POWELL. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I do not understand
that after the Committee on Finance have ex-
hausted their amendments that other committees
have any precedence in amendments. I do not
understand that there is any such rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the rule is to go
through with the amendments from all the com-
mittees of the body.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I understand no such
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
other rule than that of practice. The usual prac-
tice is to receive amendments from committee's
first.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is no such rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
express rule ori the subject as to priority.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I wish the Secretary
to read the section which I ask to have stricken
out.
Mr. SUMNER. Before my friend begins with
that allow me to make a suggestion. The topic
he is going to introduce now will perhaps cause
debate, i suggest whether it is not better that
we should go through with the few remaining
practical questions. For instance, I have three
or four amendments to move from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, not very important, but
still which I am instructed to move on this bill,
and 1 should like to move them before any dis-
cussion is opened.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I should like ex-
ceedingly to accommodate the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts; but the most practical
point in this whole bill is the very section that I
propose to strike out; it is more important than
the whole balance; and I shall vote against the
whole bill if it is not stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the amendment?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let the Secretary
read the eighteenth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves to strike out the following
section:
Sec. 18. Jlntl be it further enacted, That no person shall
be tried by emiit-murtiai or inihtaiy commission in any
State or Territory wheie tlie courts of tlm United States
are open, except persons actually mustered or commis-
sioned or appointed in the military or naval service ot the
United States, or rebel enemies charged with being spies. .
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Now, Mr. President, \ /
here is a regular appropriation bilf, every item of *
which is to carry out an express provision of
law or is recommended by one of the Depart-
ments of the Government; and upon that bill in
the last hours of the session is introduced thia
provision calculated to revolutionize and change
the whole military jurisprudence of the country
for the last four years. Wha| business has this
proposition upon such an appropriation bill?
What connection has it with an appropriation
bill? I fail utterly to see that it has any connec-
tion with the bill before the Senate. 1 desire to
be exceedingly brief, for the great master of the
English drama has said that " brevity is the soul
of wit," and if it is the soul of wit on ail occa-
sions it is surely the soul of propriety upon the
present occasion.
But what does this provision of the House
propose to do? To strike down the whole mili-
tary jurisdiction in the country; to revolutionize
the whole jurisprudence of the country; to repeal
two Articles of War which have been in force for
more than sixty years. You are told by this pro-
vision that no one, except those in the military
or naval service of the United States or a spy
within our lines, shall be tried by a court-mar-
