1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
tial. Is that the law? Has it been the law for
the last sixty years, or from the very foundation
of the Government ? No such provision has been
the law. I ask the Secretary to read the fifty-
sixth and fifty-seventh Articles of War passed
under the Administration of Thomas Jefferson,
who was a Democrat when Democracy was not
an idle name; when it meant something; when it
meant devotion to human rights; and there you
will see the jurisdiction of military courts af-
firmed and confirmed. Those articles have been
applied in military courts for the last sixty years;
and yet we are now told that this whole juris-
diction shall be stricken down in this time of war
and rebellion, i ask the Secretary to read those
two sections to show the complete jurisdiction of
military courts in all such cases.
The Secretary read, as follows:
V'56. Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money,
victual*,or ammunition, or shall knowingly harbor or pro-
tect an enemy, shall suffer death, or such other punish-
ment as s-hatl in; ordered by the sentence of a court- martial.
'•57. Whosoever 5-hall be convicted of holding cotre-
gpondenqf with,or giving ititflicence to the enemy, either
directly or iminectly, shall *?ufFei death or such other pun-
ishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-
martuU."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senate will per-
ceive by reading the section immediately preced-
ing these two sections that the punishment was
confined to men enlisted in the military or naval
service; but when it comes to these provisions,
these two classes are expressly excluded, and it
applies to every one in a time of war who shall
give aid and comfort to the enpmy. If you will
read the four preceding sections you will find
that they apply expressly to men in the naval or
military service of the United States; but when
it comes to these two sections, these classes are
expressly excluded and it applies universally to
all people, and it should so apply. We are now
in a state of civil war. The war rages South and
the war rages North, and wheresoever aid and
comfort are given to the enemy there the juris-
diction of a military court applies, and ought to
apply.
How was it last summer in my own State ? A
treasonable organization was gotten up to murder
and assassinate our Governor, to release the rebel
prisoners, and to deluge in blood the fair plains of
that great State from the lakes to the Ohio rivpr,
giving aid and comfort to the enemy. Military
courts were organized to try the conspirators,
and they may now be under sentence of death;
but if you adopt this proposition, you rebuke the
whole policy of the Government. A court is now
organized in Ohio to try the Chicago conspira-
tors, who were in complicity,as I verily believe,
as much as i believe in my own existence, or in
the God above me, with many of the leaders of the
Chicago convention to revolutionize the north-
western States, to release the rebel prisoners, and
to burn the city of Chicago. They are now un-
der trial; but if you adopt this proposition they
cannot be tried by a military court. They must
be turned over to the civil tribunals. How are
they constituted ? By a jury to be called, with
the right of challenge and the right of the " Sons
of Liberty "to sit upon the jury; and how will
you get convictions: I believe that this bill had
far better fail than to incorporate any such pro-
vision upon it. it is but a reecho of the old cry
against arbitrary arrests that 1 first heard in this
Chamber from the mouth of John C. Breckin-
ridge, now a rebel in arms against the Govern-
ment. Ail that has been said against arbitrary
arrests 1 heard more eloquently and more ably
said by him than 1 have heard by any one since;
and yet this is intioduced here asa rebuke to the
Administration, as a lebuke to all these military
courts! Let me tell the Senate that when you
put in operation all the machinery of criminal
courts and all the machinery of civil courts, you
will not punish the one hundredth part of the
rebels,either North or South, who deserve to die
the felon's death. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Ordei ! Order! A repetition of tile offense will
be followed by an order to clear the galleries at
once.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 hope the galleries
will not be cleared, for 1 am pleased to speak to
the galleries. They represent the public opin-
ion, more terrible to tyrants than an army with
banners.
But there is a constitutional objection inter-
posed. What is it? That no one shall be con-
victed of a capital or otherwise infamous offense
without a presentment or indictment by a grand
jury; and what does that mean? It is simply ap-
plicable to a state of profound peace; for neither
the framers of the Constitution nor the framers
of any other organic Jaw upon earth ever pro-
vided for or contemplated their own dissolution.
" No one shall be convicted of a capital or other-
wise infamous offense, except by presentment or
indictment by a grand jury." How do you try
and convict and execute spies? How do you try
and convict and execute all criminals who desert
to the enemy or who violate their paroles? Un-
der the provisions of this House proposition you
could not in the State of Kentucky try by a mil-
itary commission a single guerrilla. Guerrilla
bands are organized in Kentucky, carrying mur-
der, assassination, rapine, and bloodshed over
that whole State; and when you proceed to try
them by a grand jury, their peers must try them.
Whoaretheir peers? Rebelsand traitors,deeply
dyed in treachery to the Constitution and Gov-
ernment aa they themselves are.
The same provision of the Constitution which
requires that no one shall be convicted of a cap-
ital or otherwise infamous offense without pre-
sentment or indictment, provides further that no
private property shall be taken for public use
without full value being paid therefor, and that
the rights of the citizen shall not be sacrificed
except by due course of law. Now let me show
you theutterabsurdityand inapplicability of tl\at
provision of the Constitution to a state of war.
In the first place, you could not convict a spy;
you could not capture a lebel; and, in the second
place, you could not destroy the property of a
rebel without due compensation being made, and
except thiough due process of law. The truth,
as 1 understand it, is that war has one law and
that peace has another law; and that the laws of
war are as well recognized m the Constitution as
the laws of peace. Otherwise the Government is
bound hand and foot and turned over to the mercy
of its enemies and the rebels.
1 am prepared first to vote against this prop-
osition, and if it shall be carried, then I shall vote
this bill down, so far as my vote is concerned, if
there is never another dollar appropriated to car-
ry out the provisions of this bill while the world
stands. I never will sanction the principle that
this military jurisdiction shall he given over. It
never can be given over with security to the coun-
try. 1 know it is in proof m my own State that
a large military organization to subvert the Gov-
ernment was organized there and was organized
all over the Northwest. I believe, as 1 believe in
my own existence, that if we had waited the slow
process of civil prosecutions before grand juries,
long ere this thcState of Indiana would have been
one scene of universal bloodshed. Toavertthat,
I am willing to give the same jurisdiction to mili-
tary courts-martial that is given by the rules and
articles of war, and by the act of 1806, passed
under the administration of'Thomas Jefferson.
1 believe it is necessary and proper. I apprehend
no evil to result from it.
Where does this cry against military courts
come from? Does it come from the true, and
loyal, and Union men, or does it come from the
disaffected ? We see echoed in the Richmond
papers, and all over rebeldom, the " tyranny of
Lincoln !" Whatever else Abraham Lincoln may
be, he is to-day one of the kindest and most amia-
ble gentlemen upon earth, having a sense of justice
equal to any man who everlived; and in the hands
of Providence he is the instrument to lead this
country to final redemption and the reconstruction
of the Union, but not through any timid or time-
serving policy. He is to exert all the constitu-
tional powers guarantied to him to enforce the
military power of courts-martial, to make rebels
believe that there is still a Governmentin the Uni-
ted States and a " God in Israel."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am not able
to lash myself into that state of excitement into
which the honorable member from Indiana has
succeeded in bringing himself. What I propose
to say, therefore, will be said with all proper
coolness. The question is whether the section
now before us conflicts with the section in the
Articles of War established in 1806, and if it
does, whether that section consists with the con-
stitutional inhibition upon Congress. 1 shall
make myself better understood by speaking first
to the meaning of the constitutional inhibition.
The Senator will remember that that is to bo
found in the fifth amendment; and the first prop-
osition which 1 submit to the Senate is, that the
meaning of that amendment is that it applies aa
well to a state of war as a state of peace. There
is notaword in it which can be tortured to show
that it was not the purpose of the amendment to
comprehend every condition in which the coun-
try may be placed. So jealous were our fathers
against military rule, anil so anxious were they
to protect the citizens by all those guarantees
which in England have been found sufficient for
that purpose, and which in all the States at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution were
deemed vital to that object, that notwithstanding
they believed that in the Constitution, as it was
originally framed, they could not properly be
taken away from the citizen, they deemed it ne-
cessary to protect him by positive and express
inhibition; and it is for the Senate to decide what
is the meaningof the clause by which they sought
to attain that object. The language of the article
is:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or in-
dictment of a grand jury."
If it had stopped there I suppose everybody
would agree that it embraced every crime capital
in its nature or otherwise infamous, and that Con-
gress would have no authority to provide that ho
who was charged with a capital or infamous crime
should be tried in any other way than by having
first a presentment or indictment of a grand jury;
but there were cases common to England and
common to the States in which it was deemed
expedient to add that an antecedent presentment
or indictment should not be rendered necessary;
and what are they r
''Oases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the
militia when in actual service in time of war or public
danger."
Those are the only exceptions; and the first
question for the Senate to decide is, whether u is
the purpose of the first portion of the exception
to apply only to a condition of war. To my
mind it is as clear as the sun in its meridian that it
comprehended every state, either of war or of
peace, in which the country might be placed. The
language is:
" Noprrson shall beheld to answer for a capital, or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or
naval forces."
When arising? How arising? Arising at any
time. If the offense charged is to be punished
capitally, or is infamous, then the party against
whom the charge is made is first to have a pre-
sentment or an indictment, unless he be at the
time in the land or naval forces, whether in a state
of peace or in a state of war. There can be no
doubt that the exception comprehends both con-
ditions; that is to say, that if the case arises in
the land or naval service of the United States, in
peace or in war, the party is not entitled to the
benefit of a presentment or indictment; and if the
exception comprehends both classes of cases, why
is not the inhibition equally comprehensive on both
classes of cases? But there is another provision
to be found in the exception, which, to my judg-
ment, demonstrates it. The militia may be called
into service; and when providing that the article
shall notapply to cases arising in the land or naval
forces, they go on to say that it shall not apply to
cases
" In the militia when in actual service in time of war or
public danger."
But so far as the Army and the Navy of the
United States are concerned, whether there be
war, or whether there be peace, whether there be
quiet, or whether there be public danger, the party
is not entitled to the benefit of a presentment or
indictment. It necessarily follows, as I submit
to the honorable member from Indiana, that that
constitutional provision embraces everything in
which a man is charged with acapital or infamous
crime, who is not in the service of the United
States, in its Army, or in its Navy, or in the militia
when the militia is called into the service of the
United States in time of war or public danger.
But that is not the whole of the article. With
just as much propriety could the honorable mem-
