606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
hied and interpreted by private understandings
and arrangements that have been made by offi-
cers who had no authority to do so, why will you
stop at the one point and not proceed to the other'
Why will you say that the one promise shall be
carried out and not every promise shall be car-
ried out?
it seems to me there is nothing in the charac-
ter of the amendment to commend it to those who
are anxious and solicitous to maintain the force
and effect of our armies. I trust that the amend-
ment will not lie adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a more serious objec-
tion in my mind to this amendment, which is, that
itdeprives you ofthe old regimental organizations.
It was argued when these enlistment bills were
before us on former occasions that the great gam
we were to receive was from placing new troops
in old organizations. Now,sir, if you have your
regiments composed of veterans and more newly
enlisted men, and the latter class are to be dis-
charged when the term of service of the former
shall come to its termination, simply, as suggested
by the Senator from Missouri, upon the basis of
private understandings, how are you going to pre-
serve the framewprk of your regimental organi-
zations? Who are to be your veterans in these
regiments? How are you toeducate yournewly
enlisted men? How are they going to become
effective in the field? In fact, if you adopt the
rule suggested by this amendment, it appears to
me that in every respect you adopt one that could
not be followed except by the destruction of your
armies.
Mr.'HENDRICKS. The State of Indiana
seems to feel a good deal of interest in this ques-
tion, and I feel it to be my duty to read very
briefly from the memorial of the Legislature upon
this subject. This memorial states the facts,and
upon these facts I cannot see how any Senator
can vote against discharging these men:
To the Senate and
Home oj Representatives in Congress assembled .*
Tlio General A^ombly oftiie State ol Indiana respectfully
beg leave to meti'onalize your honouble hodv upon mat-
ter herein set loitli, and which yourmcmyaalists deem of
great impoitance in many citizen-* of the Siat<-, and to
which your immediate attention i* earnc-lly iequated.
Paor to the i>t ol Januaty, IW33, the iank-< of the old
regiment.-* then in the hold had become so gteatlv deci-
mated by hard service and lioquent engagement?. with the
enemy, that U became necessary, in oidei lo pieseivesuch
organization, that a geneial anxiety was ieli, both by the
people and the aulliouue*, that they &hould be speedily
lilted up with recruit-*.
Tins anxiety greatly stimulated enlistments, and the
pro.-pect of soiving in companies with expeiieuced com-
rades encouraged volunteoting.
The men thus recanted in the State, of Indiana had the
full undemanding that they were enlisted lor the unexpired
time of the old oigauizatnm-> into which they wuo muv
teied, and Hi.it they would be miisteied out 01 the service
at the expiration of the original tei'm oi service of such old
oiganUations.
In this understanding the volunteer, The recanting orti-
cer, the {State authoi itie% and the people, tuily paitlci-
paled, and in the absence of any oidei liomtheUai De-
partment alleeung the subject, ami loi it-.i-on , joIUnvnig,
IIjk vi ■ vv of the matter was not imte.win.ible.
1. At the time these enlistment weie made the impas-
sion pievaih'd genetallv in the Annv and among the people
that the war would end and the f-oldieis he di-chaiged even
before the expiration o! the ouguial lean ol semce oi the
oiganizations into winch Mich recants wete mu-teied.
2. The icci uiling wa> can ted <m lor pat tienlai n-jiments,
and not lor the semce geneiatly, tliete hem<> no uvueial
&ystem of rceautmg (or the Aim.v ehtablifdied, thu* naturally
produenig n belici that no sei vice out-ide oi or bej ond the
tenti of'the^o icghm'uts would be exacted.
3. The advantages ol maintaining old organizations and
placing leeants among old expeueneed a>-ociates undei
thy command of tried oiheer-, weie apjiatent to ..II, and it
was equally appaiont that no reennN could be induced to
enlist in any oigamzatioii thatxvouiti teiminate paot to the
expiraiion ot the term loi which said le.ennts weie to be
imistfted. thereby.-epaiating^iK'h leetuiHiiom th< n burner
eonititdes and otheets, and without then consent attaching
them to organizations m vviueii they would be total slian-
gers.
4. Whole regiments had been enlisted and accepted info
the «•! vice loi leans no greater, thus inducing t:ic belief
that soldiers were de&netl without particular icteicnce to
the tean of service.
5. The impending draft of that year was for a teim of
nine months, which induced the bciiel that voHmteeiiug
tor a much longer penod, as was the case wun such a -
cruit,-, would be a judicious air.uigement ior ihe (Jovun-
inent.
6. At the time these enlistments weie made no sv-tem
of recanting had been devised oi talked of, and of cour-e
there eouid be no intimation tiiat any legimcut would be
continued bejoml the time of its original enhsitneni.
With these views leenntnig oiiiccts mvaaably iniermed
such recruits that they were to he discharged at the expira
tion of the tean of semcy of the old oignnizatioiis into
which they consented to be must-^ed, and tins was agieed
to and concurred in by the mu-=tean<  oflteoi-* then onl'uty.
Recruiting and mustering officers were strengthened m this
view of the ca^e from the geneial tenor oi ceitain orders of
the War Department, pioviding for and regulating leeruit-
mg for old regiments, which orders, when critically con-
sidered, were not as explicit as might have been desired,
but nevertheless were apparently on the hypothesis that the
lecruiung was for the old regiments, and not tor the gen-
eral servicp, aed that they would be discharged at the expi-
ration of the term of such old regiments. One of the ordeis
reads as follows
Now I ask the attention of the chairman to this
order, when he says that the recruiting officers had
no authority to receive a recruit for a term less
than three years:
[General Orders, No. 108.]
War Department,
Adjutant Genpral's Orncp,
Washington, 28, 1863.
I. Whenever volunteer ttoops are mustered out of ser-
vice, the entire regiment or other organisation will he con-
sidered as mustered out at one tunc and place, except pris-
oners of war, who will be considered asm service until
their arrival in a loyal State, with an allowance of time
necessary for them to return to tlieii respective places of
enrollment.
liy order of the Secretary of War:
E. I). TOWNSEND,
%dssistant Adjutant General.
This is not very clear, as the Legislature say in
their memorial; yet it did cause the opinion to he
entertained that the entire regiments, including the
now reciuits, would be musteied out at one time.
Nor was this understanding, as youi memorialists aie
advised, confined to the people of the State of Indiana, but
ir pievailed extensively in other States, and this geneial
prevalence otsuch views tended to strengthen the came with
the people of Indiana.
The tollowing official document was extensively pub-
lished in the public journals, and greatly tended to increase
the probability ofthe coriecuieas of the views geneially
entertained by the people—
I suppose this is the communication referred to
by the Senator from Iowa—
War T>rPAivr>ir:NT,
Adjutant (jisneral's Un-u r,
Washington, September *2(), 1662.
Kir: In reply to yours of the 21>t instant, stating the
numbei of regiments raised and to be inised in join 6tate,
and also making -suggestions in lefcienceto rillingold legi-
ments, I am dneeted to say that ieeiuit-j for old legiments
ol volunteers toi tinee yeais, or dining the war, will be dis-
cliaigcd :u the exptiatnm of the term lot which the iogi-
ment was oiigiually enlisted.
By oider ot the Secieuuy of War :
C. 1*. nUOKIXGlIAM,
ltrigadicr General ami ~i. Ji. G.
His Excellency (Governor Kirkavood, of Iowa,
Here is an express promise by the War De-
partment as eaily as 18G2 that the men who en-
listed for the unexpired term of a regiment would
be mustered out when the regiment was mustered
out, and I can not see that there is a question about
it any longer. This is a communication to the
Governor of the State of Iowa, infot miti^ him by
the authority of the Secretary of War that these
men would be discharged at the expiration of the
term of the regiment.
Mr, COLLAiVlKit.. "Will the gentleman have
the goodness (o read that communication again?
Mr. lIExVDHICKS. Yes, sir.
War DfpaRtmevt,
Adjutant (Jl-nkrvl's Oi tier,,
Washington, Seytnnher li?6"2.
^ir: Tii reply to )oui.s ofthe vMat instant, staling the
number of i egiments inised and to be raised in vo;n St;tte,
and ah-^o making sugge>non.? in teferenee to filling old iegi-
inents, L am dneeted to say that recants lor old icgimonts
ot volunteer (oi thiee ve;u.j,or duang the wai, will bo
di-ehaiged at the expnation ot the tenrffor winch the regi-
ment \va< onginalh enlisted.
liy Older oi the Secielaiv of "War :
\\ P. (UTOKINGTIAM,
Brigadier Geneial and Jl. Jl, G.
IIis Excellency Goveinoi Kirkwood, oj Iowa.
I cannot say that I am particularly fascinated
with the composition and clearness of the com-
munication, and yet. it caused the people to be-
lieve that these recruits would be discharged at
the expiration of the term of the regiment:
"The foregoing faeN your memoiiali-t5' believe to be
'■ufhcif-nt to establish the faer that reeiuitt? enh-jed in old
oiganizations, at the tune retened to, were lulls undei the
impress-ion that they weie only to s-erve loi the unexpired
tenn of the organizieioti jnto which tln-y weie nmueied,
and that tlien i etPtmon it: tit" s.ei vice after .sai'h tune woiks
a ga-at li.udshipupon them,and h gieatly calculated to dis-
eoinago and dishyaiteu them Youi meinoii!ilist< arc fully
aw ai e that the imi-tei-toll- winch aaid lecauts Hgncd de-
scribed an eril^tment lot three years or during "the war,
imt at the samo time are informed, and believe, that such
avctments m said lollsvvere explained to tin-'m as being
mere technical foimr, and would m nowise mterfeie with
trie understanding upon which they weie enhs'ed, and
thus did riol distuib the conviction m their mmd^ that they
ould ho di^chai-ged with the regiment^ they were n^^^ued
to: but, on the contrary, that the Government would, in
good faith to her soldiers, execute fully the agreement made
with them by the lecruiting officers."
The memorial is of some length, and I will not
read further. This memorial from the Legisla-
tureof the State of Indiana is certainly entitled
to very much respect. It relates to a subject in
which many soldiers from that State are deeply
interested. I have received communications on
the subject, and have applied to the War Depart-
ment and succeeded in procuring the discharge of
one company that was mustered in in terms ac-
cording to the understanding of the men.
I do not think it is a sufficient answer to sav
that it would produce trouble in the Army. If
the assurance was given by the War Department
to these men at the time they enlisted that they
would be discharged when the term of the regi-
ment expired, it ought to be earned out. These
men expected it, and I think it is but right it
should be done.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Indiana
wiil permit me a moment,I will call his attention
to a very wide distinction between the case which
he cites and the cases covered by the amendment
proposed by the Senator from West Virginia.
The case which he cites was one which was au-
thoiized by the War Department itself, presum-
ably by its head. The other case covers every
one in which a recruiting officer may have made
any promise to that effect; two very different
things. 1 have no doubt that if the case which
the Senator from Indiana represents is properly
reported to the War Department,and is properly
substantiated, it will be treated with every court-
esy, and he will receive justice on that subject.
It is competent now for the War Department to
discharge soldiers when proper evidences are fur-
nished. I do not think it is advisable that we
shall here strip the Department of all discretion
which can be governed by a sense of justice, and
establish a general, sweeping law which will put
it in the power of any individual acting outside
of his o/licial capacity by making promises to
deplete the Army and deprive us of\hose we have
so much trouble to enlist.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. EUCKALEW. I offer an amendment to
come in as a new section:
Jlndhe it farther enacted. That the thiul section of the act
entitled "An act further to re<ru!uteand provide fortln-on-
rolling and calling out of the national forces and tor other
purposes," appioved July 4, be, and the same is
heieby,icpeuled.
I send to the desk to be read the section which
I propose to repeal.
The section was read,as follows:
Sr;c\ 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful
for the r,\eeutive ol :mv of the Stated to fend iccumusg
aguuK into any of the Nate-* declined to be in lebelhon,
except the States of Ai kansa-, Tennessee, and IiOutMana,
to icci Hit voluiueei - umb-r any c.dI undt r the pMivisions, of
this, act, w ho -hall be eiediled' to the State, and to the te-
specuve j-ubdivi-siuud thereof, which may pioeure the en-
listment.''
Mr. BUCKALEW ami Mr. CARLtLE called
for the yeas and nays on the amendment to the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi. WILSON. I sbuuld be very glad to hear
the reasons why this pioposition is made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. I do notknowth.it
this law has worked evil to the country in any
wey, and I am confident that it has given some
thousands of men to the service.
Mr. SAULSJ3URV. As my friend from Penn-
sylvania does not respond, before the roil is called
1 wish to know from the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts whether a statement which I saw some tune
ago is correct. That statement was, that imme-
diately upon the fall of Savannah, the Governor
of Massachusetts had agents there to recruit so as
to fill up the quota of Massachusetts, and thatthat .
was done before any permission was given bythe
authorities in Washington; and as the papers slate,
after the slaves were enlisted and were on ship-
board and had started for Massachusetts, Gov-
ernor Andrew made application to the Ptesi-
dent of the United States for permission to recruit
in Savannah, and, as the papers state, the Presi-
dent graciously granted hisiequest. is that true?
If it be true, u gives great advantages to certain
States over others. In our State what is done
when a draft is made r I nm informed by my col-
