1805.
Til QOWMBSSIOTiX GLQ1S,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on striking out the eighteenth
section.
M r. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is put,
I move to amend the section by inserting the
words "employed, drafted, enlisted, or," after
the word "persons."
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. JOHNSON. How
will it read then ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be read as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That no person shall be tried by court-martial or miti-
tary commission in any State or Territory where the courts
of the United States are open, except persons employed,
drafted, enlisted, or actually mustered or commissioned or
appointed in the military or naval service of the United
States, or rebel enemies charged with being spies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
first occurs on amending the section as proposed
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of thatamend-
ment is to subject to trial by military courts-mar-
tial or commissions not only persons who have
been mustered into the service of the United
States, but all .persons in the employ of the mil-
itary service. Persons, for instance,in the arse-
nals who have been detected filling shells with
Band instead of powder,and teamsters and others
who are in the employ of the Army, may prop-
erly, 1 think, be considered as part of the Army,
and subjected to trial by military courts-martial.
That is the object of that amendment.
At this late hour, and with the appeal which
the Senator from Ohio makes that we take action,
I do not feel that i should be justified in making
any lengthy remarks upon the matter now under
consideration. I think, notwithstanding the very
eloquent remarks of the Senator from Indiana and
of the Senator from Nevada, that, so far from
strengthening the Union sentiment of this coun-
try, no one thing has done so much to alienate
the feelings of loyal men as the unwarranted ar-
rests which have been made by subordinate offi-
cers in the loyal States.
Mr. CONNESS. No one pretense has been so
continually 'set up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that is what has di-
vided them. Nearly one half the people of the
North have been arrayed, not against the Gov-
ernment, but have been expressing dissatisfaction
and weakening the arm of the Government by
just such acts as this section seeks to avoid. From
the beginning of this war I have believed that the
true course to pursue was to preserve the Gov-
ernment and preserve liberty together. I believed
that constitutional liberty, liberty regulated by
law, could be preserved in this land. It is the
liberty we are fighting for. And when gentle-
men lay aside the law and the Constitution and
say, " There is no law, nothing but the strong
arm," how are you any better than the traitor
you fight? What does he do but disregard the
iawand the Constitution ? What is this rebellion
but an armed resistance to constitutional and legal
authority? If you would be strong, be strong
under the banner of the law and the Constitution.
Fight for liberty, fight for law, and then you will
be strong.
Now, sir, I have before me the report of the
Secretary of War; and I wish to do an act of jus-
tice to that high officer on this occasion. I have
often heard him denounced for these arbitrary
arrests and for non-compliance with the act of
Congress which made it his duty and the duty of
other officers of the Government, whenever per-
sons charged with political offenses were arrested,
to report their cases to the first term of the court
which should be held in the proper district after
the arrest took place. I am happy to know from
this official report that in this respect the Secre-
tary of War has endeavored to do his duty. The
act of Congress making it the duty of the Secre-
taries to report to the judicial tribunals all cases
of persons arrested in the loyal States charged
with political offenses was passed on the 3d day
of March, 1863. Within twenty days from the
time the act passed, and perhaps as soon as it
came to the notice of the Secretary of War, he
issued this order:
War Department,
Washington City, March 23, 1863.
Colonel : I beg you to direct your attention to the pro-
vision of the late act of Congress requiring prisoners held
under military authority to be released within a certain
time, and to ask that proceedings may ba taken againke
such as are not proper to be released, and that you will see
that the provisions of that law are observed tn regard toall
persons held in military custody.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War,
Hon. J. Holt, Judge Advocate General. 0
Here was an order of the War Department,
made within twenty days of the passage of the act,
charging a particular officer in his Department
with the execution of this law, and enjoining upon
him that he should see that the provisions of the
act were observed in regard toall persons held in
custody. What more could he do ? The Secre-
tary of War could not personally visit all the
prisons in the land to ascertain if persons were
held in confinement. He had to intrust this duty
to some one; and if you will look through this
report you will find that at different times he ap-
pointed commissions to visit the different prisons
throughout the country and ascertain if there were
persons held there in confinement who ought not
to he confined; and many have been released by
these commissioners. 1 make this statement in
justice to a public officer. I have had some con-
versation with the Secretary of War upon this
subject, and I learned from him that these arrests
■which had been made in the different parts of the
country by subordinate officers had given him
more pain than almostanything else that had oc-
curred during the war; that he had been unable
to sleep at night in consequence of its coming to
his knowledge that persons had without cause
been thus arrested and sometimes held for a consid-
erable period of time before it came to his notice.
I voted for the law authorizing the suspension
of the habeas corpus. I did it because in a time of
war like this, in a great emergency, I thought
there might be occasions when it was proper that
men should be arrested and held in confinement.
I voted for that law which provided that they
might be taken and so held, and should not be re-
leased by a court oranybody else until after there
was an opportunity to present their case to a
grand jury, and not then unless the judge was sat-
isfied that it was proper to release them,and they
gave bond for their good behavior and took an
oath of fidelity to the Government. But, sir,
when I voted for that law, I did not expect that
the writ of habeas corpus waa to be regarded as
suspended by all the subordinate officers through-
out the land. I did not suppose that every pro-
vost marshal in the land would be at liberty to
arrest whom he pleased, and keep him in confine-
ment. 1 thought that whenever an arrest was
made, the fact would be immediately reported to
headquarters, to the War Department, or to the
President himself, and that action would be taken
in regard to the case at the earliest possible pe-
riod. It seems the Secretary of War hasendeav-
ored to" take action. It seems by this report that
he has endeavored t3 discharge his duty in that
respect; and I am glad that he has; and I am glad
that the fact turns out to be that persons who
have been arrested have had relief and been dis-
charged where it did not appear on investigation
that there were any charges against them suffi-
cient to put them on trial.
In regard to the section under consideration, I
think it should be guarded; I think it should be
so framed as not to impair the efficiency of the
Government in carrying on this war, and not un-
necessarily to infringe upon the right of the cit-
izen. Sir, I have a great respectforlaw. I love
the Constitution. I believe it is the respect for
law and the love of the Constitution that is bear-
ing ua triumphantly through this great struggle.
I believe that is the banner under which our sol-
diers march to victory; that they feel they are
marching in obedience to law and the Constitu-
tion and not as violators of law. Therefore I
am willing that a provision carefully worded—I
am not sure that this is sufficiently carefully-
worded—but lam willing that a provision should
be inserted in the law, and 1 think there ought to
be one inserted, that shall secure to the citizen
the great rights guarantied to him by the Con-
stitution, and which have been handed down to
us from our ancestors. I am not for placing the
liberties and the lives of the peaceable citizens of
this country at the disposition of the provost mar-
shals and the subordinate officers throughout the
land who are clothed with military authority.
While I would be willing, and have been willing,
that in special eases which meet the approbation
of the Secretary of War and of the President,
noted persons may be arrested and held, as a gen-
eral proposition 1 am in favor of securing to the
citizen, wherever it can be done, all the rights
which the Constitution guaranties to him.
I say to the Senators who are so zealous to-
night in favor of military trials, who are in favor
•of trying the citizen by a military tribunal, that
you are setting an example which is utterly sub-
versive of the Constitution and regulated liberty;
you areoverturningall that the Anglo-Saxon race
has contended for for two hundred years, which
is, the right of the citizen to be protected by law
and regulated by law, and not to have his rights
and his liberties dependent upon an officer, with-
out law, and in disregard of it. There is no law
regulating these trials of the citizen. Wherever
an act is done—and I think that is the distinction
—connected with the military service of the Gov-
ernment, there the military tribunals take hold of
the party. Wherever the judicial tribunals of
the country are overborne, of necessity the mili-
tary tribunals must govern.
Yourmilitary authority mustpreserve the peace
in Charleston, in Savannah, in all those localities
where officers who were loyal to the Government
have been displaced by rebels arid traitors, where
you have no civil tribunals to administer the law
according to the Constitution which provides for
the administration of justice. When war rages,
we are to carry on the war according to the rules
of civilized warfare. We have a right when we
meet the enemy to shoot hiro down. The Con-
stitution gives us the right to make war, to raise
armies and maintain navies, and we may use
those armies and those navies for the purpose of
subduing insurrection and rebellion. But because
you have arightto use an army and a navy in bat-
tering down the houses in Charleston, you have
no right to use tliern to batterdown the houses in
Albany,New York, or in Columbus, Ohio. And
that, in my judgment, is the proper distinction;
the military rules where the civil authorities are
overboine; the military takes jurisdiction of all
offenses connected with the military service; it
takes prisoners of the enemy; it tries and pun-
ishes by court-martial and military commission
offenders connected with the military service.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall not
at this late hour of the night long detain the Sen-
ate; but I cannot listen to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Illinois without attempting something
in the shape of a reply. What does this section
propose which is now moved to be stricken out?
It proposes to release and liberate hundreds of
rogues and conspirators now confined in prison
awaiting trial, and some of tliem undergoing their
sentences; to set them at liberty again toplotand
conspire against the peace and safety of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not propose to
set anybody free.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read it. There is nosuch
word in it.
Mr. HOWARD. Read it. Will the honor-
able Senator from Illinois tell me that that sec-
tion which is now proposed to be stricken out
will not release persons now detained for trial?
If he shall, I have to say to him, with some dim-
inution of my ordinary respect for his profes-
sional opinion, that he has not read his books of
law with sufficient care. That section declares
that henceforth no person shall be tried, &c.: if
a man is detained for trial fora particular offense
he cannot, by this section, be tried for that offense;
he is, ipso facto, by the very terms themselves of
the statute, released, liberated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator either mis-
understands the proposition or I do. I under-
stood the Senator to say it would release persona
who had been convicted and were undergoing
their sentences. The proposition is that persons
are not to be tried in a particular way, but that
does not prevent their being tried by civil tribu-
nals. It prevents their being tried by court-
martial or military commission; but as I read
jt—I have certainly misread it if it is not so—it
does not propose to release anybody, and has no
effect whatever on a person undergoing his sen-
tence.
Mr. HOWARD. I have read the clause with
some care, and I tell you if that shall pass as it
is there written in the bill before us, all those men
