1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
league, who has paid more attention to this subject
than I have, that our State has already furnished
more than her quota, and gets no allowance for it.
When ourpeople are drafted they have to go; we
have no'such facilities; we have no agents in the
secededStates; we wantnone; but our young men
have to leave their homes and go to the battle-
field, young white men. When the terrible calam-
ity of war is upon us, and when the young men
of the country aie called to go to the battle-field,
we have a right to demand that the sons of Mas-
sachusetts and of other States shall go and share
its perils. I should like the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to answer the question whether the
statement to which I have referred, asit appealed
in the papeis, be true. If it be true, it is an argu-
ment plain and powerful why theproposition of
my friend from Pennsylvania should be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I am not able to answer the
question of the Senator from Delaware, but I can
say that the Governor of Massachusetts believes
in enlisting men in the rebel States; he believes in
taking men from the cause of the rebellion and
giving them to the cause of the countiy. He is
on earnest, prompt man, and i have no doubt took
the eas best possible action in this as in every other
case affecting the interests of the country; and if
he did not have an agent first at Savannah to en-
list colored men, I think the reason must be that
his agent took a slower vessel to reach there than
the agent of any other State, for I am sure he
would be as soon to send him, and as soon to ask
authority, as the Governor of any other State.
Mr. SAULSBUIIY. In support of the remarks
that I have made I will read an extract from a
paper called the Commonwealth published in Bos-
ton, which is understood to be the organ of adis-
tinguished member of this body, and which I
suppose always states what is exactly correct in
these matters. The oxtract reads in this wise:
" Prompt as Usual.—Immediately on the fall of Savan-
nah, Govumor Andiew dispatched agents to that oily to
leeiuit black loyalists for the national Aimy,to he cieditod
to the quota ot the State, lie then a-kod penimsion tiom
the rfcut t.uy of VV.ir to do so, winch was. clioernilly ,\c-
ooided, and the documents will nnivc our about the time
the tiist squad is on its way to Massachusetts."
I appeal to the American Senate, is that right,
is it fair? When the young men of my State,
of Pennsylvania, and of other States, are com-
pelled under your conscription law to leave their
homes and go to the battle-field, is it right that
the Governor of Massachusetts, or the Gov-
ernor of any other State—I make no assault upon
Massachusetts—shall be allowed to send agents
into the southern Stales, waiting, perhaps, until
some city falls, that they may recruit and enlist
into their service the ignorant, degraded slave, and
to count him as a man against the educated young
man of my State? No, sir. If this direful war
is to continue; if, as judging from the indications
of the time I presume weaie, we are to have twenty
or fifty years of bloody fratricidal war in this coun-
try, I have a right to second the demand of the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, and ask
that you send yoursonsnnd your brothers to the
field, when we are compelled to send there our
sons and our brothers. Do not send youragents
into the southern States to pick up the poor de-
graded African to fill your quota, and keep your
sons and your brothers and the husbandsofyour
daughters in your own midst to enjoy all the
pleasures of life while ours aredrawn awayfiom
home.
Why, Mr. President, if this thing is to be con-
tinued , there are certain States in this Union whose
wealth is being daily increased by the continu-
ance of this war, that can very well smile when
our households are bathed in tears. The fathers
of New England will not feel as the fathers of our
sons feel when they are dragged from their homes.
The mothers of your sons will not go down to
their graves weeping, as Rachel of old, because j
they are not. Why? Because m the placc of .
your sons you send the degraded African. Our
households may be filled with mourning; the lm-
bihmentsof woe may be witnessed ineveiy house-
hold with us; but you can rejoice and thank God ;
that you are growing rich on the profits of a war '
supported by your votes, but the afflictions of ;
which none of you personally feel. i
Mr. GRIMES, it will be recollected by the ,
Senate that this question was before it at the last
session, and by several decisive votes it was de-
cided that the law as it now stands ought not to be
the law of the country. In other words, we re-
fused upon several occasions to allow any State
to go into any other State for the purpose of re-
cruiting and filling up its quota. There was dis-
agreement between this body and the Blouse of
Representatives, and the question was referred to
a committee of conference,and in some way, after
I left the city, this provision was adopted, con-
trary to the expressed opinion by a yea and nay
vote several times made, of the Senate, and by
very decisive votes. 1 tiust now, sir, when we
have the opportunity to do so, that we will put
ourselves right on the record in this regard, and
that we shall declare that if there are colored men
in Savannah or in any other place to be recruited,
they shall be recruited into the service of the Uni-
ted States and not into the service of any particu-
lar State; that we will clothe them, we will feed
them, we will give them the bounties, we will
furnish them with arms, we will become respon-
sible, politically and morally, for their safe-keep-
ing, and not allow this State or that State to as-
sume to become the superintendent of these men,
and claim them upon their quotas, and compel
the other States that do not happen, peihaps, to
have quite as prompt a Governor as the Senator
from Massachusetts says they have, to fill up
their quotas with the young white men of their
States. These eolored men in the rebel States are
a fund that belong to all of us, and neither the
State of Massachusetts, nor the State of Iowa,
not any other State, should be permitted to go and
draw upon that fund so as to fill up its own quota,
and thereby impose the necessity of a still greater
draft upon the States which do not see fit to do
this, or have not the opportunity to recruit these
colored men. It is manifestly unjust, and I trust
the amendment of the Senator fiom Pennsylvania
will be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a word or two
in answer to the Senator from Delaware, to which
I desire his attention.
The United Stales have called upon Massa-
chusetts for 117,624 men. Massachusetts had fur-
nished, and wa.s credited by the War Department
up to the 22d of December last, in response to this
call for 117,624 men, 125,437 thiee-years men,
making a surplus of 7,813 more three-years men
than the Government had called for. She has fur-
nished on the call for 117,624 men, 153,486 of all
kinds; but counting them as three-years men, she
has furnished 125,437, being neaiiy 8,000 more
than the quota abked for of three-years men.
Massachusetts last year furnished 45,446 recruits
to the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. How many of those were
credits for the naval service?
Mr. WILSON. I believe 16,625 during the
war, of this number of men furnished in lesponse
to these calls, 10,672 out of 125,437 were foreign-
born men. There has been agreat deal said about
importations of men to fill up the quota of Mas-
sachusetts. Nine hundred and seven men were
imported from Germany and put into four Massa-
chusetts regiments; of the number of black men
put into service by Massachusetts, taking the
whole number, those enlisted at home as well as
those enlisted in all the rebel States, she has put
in 4,731, and of this number about 1,200 were en-
listed in the. rebel States. Thus it will be seen,
out of the 125,437 three-years men furnished by
Massachusetts, butl5,000of them weie bom out-
side of the United States or were colored persons.
The Governor of Massachusetts, in his lust
message, speaking in regard to these colored
troops, says:
(( If we have neceptod colored volunteer? who have come
to jYla^aehusett- tot the purpose of becoming sohiieis. and
turned them over as soldiers of U.e Untied Slate*, it is be-
cause when we began to accept th< m and until wc had
raised the equivalent of two ie<rnnerit-. no otliei opportu-
nity for them <\\ifted in the e< am try. We believed m coloied
iii^n; otheiMiid not. We obtained pei iii^mou to ollei ihein.
Wc assumed the ImzauK oi the en t ft pi i se. but the count! y
leaps the reward of its Inilhant and assured success"
Agreat deal has been said in regard to the calls
that have been made upon Massachusetts, and
the troops that have been furnished by her. I
ventuie to say here, without knowing what are
the propoi lions furnished by the other States, that
of the one hundted and fifty-three thousand men :
who have gone into the service from Massachu-
setts, quite as laige a proportion were men who
were born in New England,and lived in the State
as can be found in any other State of the Union.
Here is the record in regard to the black troops
furnished by Massachusetts. They numberless
than five thousand. During the last few weeks
we have enlisted, perhaps, a few hundred more;
for we believe in enlisting those men; we believe
in using them; we are "anxious to enlist them
wherever we can find them; and we pay them a
State bounty of $325, and wq. treat them in all re-
spects like men. ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts supposed that in my remarks f meant
any reflecjjon upon the State of Massachusetts,
or any other State, he is very much mistaken. I
never have, since 1 have been a member of this
body, made an assault on any State. I do not
think it is my province to assail Massachusetts,
or any other sovereign State of this Union; and
I do not think it is in the province of any other
Senator toassaultmyState,oranyother State. I
had no objectof that kind in view. But 1 had this
object: to call the attention of the country to the
fact that while the young white men of my State
were being drawn against their will, dragged into
the Army of the United States, I had, in their be*
half, a light to demand'that the young educated
white men of other States should goto the battle-
field , and that a negro from a southern plantation
should not be allowed to answer to the require-
ments of the draft so as to be put upon an iqual-
Hy with the young white men from my State. If
the Slate of Massachusetts, or any other State in
this Union, is so patriotic that it wishes to fill up
the armies of the United States, and will send its
agents South to gather up negiorecruits a*id put
them into the Army, and not ask that those negro
recruits shall stand in the place of their own sons,
1 have no objection. De gustibus non est dispu-
tandum.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to make one
renuuk on this proposition. I am not aware that
any abuses or evil consequences from the exist-
ing law have been shown.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senatorrecollect the
letter of the distinguished General Sherman upon
that subject ?
Mr. SUMNER. What was the date of the
letter? Does the Senator remember?
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot remember the precise
date, but I remember distinctly it was after the
passage of the law which is now sought to be re-
pealed, and after some of the States had sent their
recruiting agents down into General Sherman's
army for the purpose of recruiting, thus coming
in collision with the United Slates recruiting offi-
cers who were attempting to recruit the same men
to co into United States regiments.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am inclined to think the
letter wa.s written before the passage of this law.
Mr. N ESMlTIi. The letter was written after
the fall of Atlanta.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. It was a good
letter. I remember very well that it was a well-
wiitten letter, rather pointed, and seemed to be
written rather with the point of the sword than
with the pen, I thought, as 1 read it at the time.
But, sir, I am not aware, notwithstanding the
letter to which my friend from Iowa calls the at-
tention of the Senate, that any abuse has been
shown, nor any evil consequences, nor any evil
example. I therefore submit to the Senate that
inasmuch as the law exists, as it is already on our
statute-book, it should not be hastily lemoved,
unless some leason can be shown for the removal.
The burden, therefore, is on the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who makes this motion, to show
that something wrong has occurred under this
law.
Mr. BUCKALE W. I explain by saying that
I dtsire each State to raise its own troops within
its own limits, establishing a pi inciple of equality,
and that no State, by favontism of the War De-
partment, or of the President, or of generals in
the field, shall be permitted to fill up its quota
fiom the Souih. •
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator now brings for-
ward another point, lie speaks of favoritism,
and says that no State by favoritism of the Pies-
ident or of the War Department should be al-
lowed to recruit in the South. 1 will ask the
Senator what favoritism there can be under this
statute ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I refer to the paper al-
ready read in the presence of Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. I say what favoiitism can
