608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0.
there be under the law as it exists? Is it not
open to all the States alike ? There is no State
that may not send its agents there, precisely as
it is said Massachusetts has sent hers. Let us
understand each other. Do not let us vote igno-
rantly. The Senatorsays that the law as it now
exists operates unequally; that it opens the way
to favoritism, either from the President or from
the Secretary of War. Sir, he can show no such
thing. The law as it exists operates equally
throughout the whole country, if one State is
more active in its recruiting agents, if it rushes
swiftly to that field of exertion, there is no fa-
voritism in it. That is from the activity and the
energy of ihe State, and not from any favoritism
or indulgence here in Washington. Therefore,
sir, that argument of the Senator I put aside.
I come back, then, to the question with which
I began when I was interrupted by the Senator
from Iowa, what abuse, what evil example has
been shown? Not one. Senators, if they vote
for this proposition, must vote under the influ-
ence of prejudices and not of teason. There are
Senators, I know, who have prejudices against
the enlistment of colored* troops; but I make an
appeal to the patriotic Senators on this floor;
those who love their country, and who hate bel-
ligerent slavery, not to yield to any such preju-
dice. 1 can understand that the Senator on the
other side who smiles, the able Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] might follow his friend
from Pennsylvania, because the Senator from
Indiana always does vote against the employment
of colored troops. He, therefore, if he sustains
the proposition of his friend, will act naturally
and in harmony with all lie has done and said
on this floor. I am sorry that he fuels obliged to
take that course. It is not for me, however, to
criticise him. But how other Senators who do
not follow the lead of the Senator from Indiana
and the Senator from Pennsylvania can strike at
this enactment when no abuse under it has been
shown, when, in point offact, no reason has been
adduced for us repeal, I am at a loss to under-
stand.
X have said that nothing has been brought
against the existing law. I may add now that
something can be said in its favor. It has stim-
ulated recruiting; it has secured to the public ser-
vice certain soldiers who otherwise would not
have borne arms for their country; and that alone,
sir, is an all-sufficient reason (or keeping it still
longer on the statute-book.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am one of those
who believe that a white soldier is more efficient
than a negro soldier.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the consent of the
Senator from Kentucky I will ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make a report from the
joint committee appointed to canvass the vote for
President and Vice President the day after to-
morrow. It is indispensably necessary that we
have action upon it as soon ns possible. The
House will have to concur in it. If the Senate
will now consent to let the repott be submitted
and acted upon, it will take, I apprehend, but a
few minutes—I think there will be no objection to
it—and the House will then concur, so that we
shall be ready to take action on the subject on
Wednesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to submit a report from the joint committee on
the subject indicated. The Chair hears 110 ob-
jection.
COUNTING OP PRESIDENTIAL TOTE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the consent of the
Senate I will read the repoit, aa the handwriting
is more legible to me than to the Clerk.
The joint committee to whom was referred the
subjcct of ascertaining and providing a mode for
canvassing and counting the votes for President
and Vice President of the United States have in-
structed me to report the "following joint rule in
part in the discharge of their duty:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Hou-e of Representatives
cojicumng therein.) That the following bo added to the
joint rules of the two Hoaxes, namely :
The two IIoiws. shall assemble in the Hall of the House
ot Representatives .it the hour ot one o'clock, p rn , on the
second Wednesday in l-Ybruiuy next succeeding the meet-
ing of the elector o« President and Vice President of the
United State?, and the President of the Senate shall be their
Pie.Mding Olheer. One teilei wiall he appointed on the part of
the Senate and two on the p-m of the I louse ol Representa-
tives, to whom shall be handed, as they are opened by the
President of the Senate, the certificates of the electoral
votes ; and said tellers having rend the same ui the presence
and hearing of the two Nouses then assembled, shall make
a list of the votes as they shall appear from the said certifi-
cates ; and the votes having been counted, the re.Milt of the
same shall be delivered to the President ot the Senate, who
shall thereupon announce the state of the vote and the
names ot the persons, it any, elected, which announcement
shall be deemed a^ufficicntdeclaration of the persona elected
President and Vice President of the United States, and, to-
gether with the hst of the votes, be entered on the Journals
of the two Houses.
That is the usual form, as far as I have read, of
the resolutions heretofore adopted. The commit-
tee have proceeded further to provide for a con-
tingency:
If, upon the reading of any such certificate by the tellers,
any question shall arise in regaidto counting the votes
thciein certified, the same having been stated by the Presid-
ing Officer, the Senate shall theieupon withdiaw, and said
question shall be submitted to that body lor us decision ;
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall in
like manner state the question to the House of Represent-
atives for its decision ; and no question shall be decided
athrnuuively, and no vote objected to shall be counted, ex-
cept by the concurring vote of the two Houses, which being
obtained, the two Houses shall immediately reassemble,
and the Presiding Officer shall then announce thedecisiou
ot tiie question submitted; and upon any such question
there shall be 110 debute in either House. And any other
question pertinent to the obji et for which the two Houses
are assembled may be submitted and determined in like
manner.
At such joint meeting of the two Houses seats shall be
provided as follows, for the President ot the Senate, the
Speaker's chair; for the Speaker, the chair on his lelt; for
Senators, the body of the ilail on the right of the Piesidmg
Officer; for Rcpiesentauvos, the body of the Hall notoceu-
pied by Senatois; for the tellers, Secretary ot the Senate
and Cletk of the House of Representatives, at the Oieik's
de-k ; for other otlicets of the two Houses, in hont of the
Clei k's desk arid upon eithet side of the Speaker'}, platfoim.
Such joint convention shall not be dissolved until the
cleetotal votes aie all counted and the result deelaied, and
no recess shall he taken unless a question shall have au&en
in regaid to the counting ot an\ such vole, in which case
it shall be competent lor either Hou^e,acting scpaiately in
the manner hmeinbclore piovided, to dneet a iccess not
bejund the next day at the hour ot one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood theSen&torfrom
Illinois to say that the latter part of the report is
not to be found in the reports herctofoie made by
which these conventions have heretofore been
governed, and if I recollect the reading aright it
provides only for n single contingency; that is to
say, the contingency of votes being objected to.
It appears to me it would be desnable to provide
that 111 the event of any other question being
made 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does so provide. It
provides specifically for any other question per-
tinent to the matter for which the two Houses are
assembled.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not understand it so.
Mr. TUCJMBULL. It so reads.
Mr. COWAN. There is one difficulty I would
suggest to the honorable Senator from Illinois.
It is provided that when questions shall arise in
the joint convention, the Houses shall separate
and consider the matter separately. Now, sup-
pose there is a question there whetherthe vote of
Louisiana shall be counted. The Senate retires
to its Chamber and decides that it shall; the House
of RepiI'sentativcs organize and decides that it
shall not; how is the question then to be decided ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It falls, of course, and would
not be counted.
Mr. COW AN. I think there is a fundamental
mistake at the bottom of this provision. I think it
belongs to the Houses in joint convention to de-
cide that question when it arises. It is evident
that they are there with some power and authority
over it. They cannot be supposed to be mere idle
and indifferent spectators, because otherwise the
votes might be counted separately in the separate
Chambers. Therefore I think that that provis-
ion is objectionable. Any one of the Houses,
then, could disfranchise a State according to the
construction that is to be put upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question then has to
be decided by the concurrent action of the two
Houses, and I suppose committees of conference,
may be resorted to to bring that about. It has
to be decided somehow, and this provides amode
when the question arises by winch it shall be set-
tled. If the Senator from Pennsylvania chooses
to suppose that you must take a vote per capita,
the Constitution provides no means for any such
action. The only way the two Houses of Con-
gress can act is independently of each other. It
was the unanimous opinion of the committee that
it could not be done by voting en masse, as in a
public meeting. That question was very elab-
orately discussed the other day. 1 hope no dis-
cussion is to spring up on this report, because
it is important that we have action upon it at
once.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the honorable Senator
whether there is any other case in which the two
Houses go into joint convention except this one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theydo not go into joint
convention here. They meet together simply to
provide for the counting of the vote; but there is
no provision for their taking action as a joint
body.' They go there to see the votes opened,
and then Congress provides by law how they
shall proceed. This is my view of it.
Mr. COWAN. That assumes the very point
in dispute. The allegation of some of us is that
they do go into jointconvention; thatthe phrase
which gives them power and authority to do so
is a general phrase. The mode and manner in
which it is to be exercised of course must be
fixed by law, or must be fixed by rules to be
adopted for the governance of this convention
itself; and to show that it is a convention, and
to show it conclusively, the resolution offered by
the committee to-day provides for its organiza-
tion, provides that it shall have a Presiding Offi-
cer, provides some rules at least for its govern-
ance, provides for the appointment of tellers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Each House appoints the
tellers, not the joint convention.
Mr. COWAN. Then I think the joint con-
vention should appoint the tellers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It never was done since
the Government was formed. That part of the
resolution is similar to the one we have always
acted under since Washington was elected Pies-
ident.
Mr. COWAN. Then we encounter the mis-
chief I suggested a moment ago. If there was a
partisan majority in the Senate opposed to the
counting of the votes of a particular State, all it
had to do would be to stand firmly upon its re-
solve that they should tint be counted, and that
State would be disfranchised by the act of the
Senate alone. The House would have the same
privilege precisely. Was that over contemplated ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to put a question to him
he will see that there is nothing in the question
he asks.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly; I shall be very glad
to see it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose either House ob-
stinately nefuses to go there at all. If you are to
suppose that the Senate of the United States is
determined to break up the Government, they will
not meet at all. You might just as well suppose
that as to suppose that it will obstinately refuse
to perform any other duty.
Mr. COWAN. I have heard that argument
repeatedly before, and it comes very badly from
the mouth of one who provides for a proposition
of the kind. I admit you have no right to pre-
sume U; but you have no light to provide that
they may do it. You have no right to put the
Senate in such a position as that it may do it.
You have a right to foresee the mischief befoie it
happens; but by the adoption of these rules itia
a tacit admission that the Senate may do that
thing. There is no presumption that the Senate
will not go into joint convention, although I t\m
very sorry to say that such a mode of procedure
is too common now among the States, among men
who think by that means they can gam an advan-
tage from the country when they are overflow-
ing the very fundamental laws w hich undeilie its
institutions. I think this matter should be left
with the joint convention; that in that conven-
tion all questions which arise as to the validity of
votes there to be counted by thatconvention should
bo determined.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the repoit of the committee.
The report was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker had signed the enrolled joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 126) declaring certain States not
entitled to representation in the Electoral College;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
