1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stitution and laws, answerable to a military
court."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
permit me to say that my impression is that [
voted the other way; but if I voted differently
then, I think the exigencies and circumstances of
the country require the vote I propose to give now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For two years my col-
league has sat in his place here ana allowed this
to be the law of the land. He has never proposed
its repeal or modification. By his silence he has
said this law is right. This law, which will not
allow the President to put any man on his trial
before a military court unless he be properly an-
swerable before such a court, has stood for two
years without a word of complaint from my
worthy and very able colleague. But to-night he
says he would rather see any of these appropria-
tion bills fall; he would see all the appropriations
necessary for the support of what he regards, and
what 1 regard, to be the best Government on oarth
go down to perdition rather than he would sanc-
tion that which has been the law of the land well
expressed for two years. The trouble is not in
the law. Senators, the law is plain. When you
said there should be no longer the writ of habeas
corpus in the United States, you said that in its
stead there should be this high and sure remedy,
that a man should only be held for a time, but that
when the court came round, if the grand jury did
notindicthim heshould bedischarged. You said
it. The question is, shall it be the law, or shall
there be above the Senate and above the House
of Representatives a higher power in the country,
a power to place a man upon trial?
My colleague says that some of our fellow-cit-
izens in Indiana have been put upon trial before
courts-martial for civil offenses. I know what
the offense charged was. It was a conspiracy to
commit treason. That was the charge. And
where do you find the offense described ? You find
it defined in the actof 1862, well defined, and the
penalty prescribed—not the penalty of going be-
ing before a military court, but the penalty is a
trial before the United States district court, a
civil court, upon an indictment, and the punish-
ment is to follow the judgment of that court.
Then, my colleague says, by acquiescing in this
law it is all right; when the court comes around,
and the grand jury inquires into this matter, if that
grand jury ignores the prosecution the party shall
go acquitted; but now to put that in an appropri-
ation bill to-night not only ought to sink that bill
but ought to sink ail the bills! My colleague
says, leave your President without his salary,
leave your armies unpaid, leave your ships to rot
in the ports; the machinery of the Government
must stop rather than take away from military
officers the power to try, convict, and putto death
men contrary to law, not contrary to the common
law, not contrary to our impressions, but con-
trary to what you Senators wrote just two years
ago to-night should be the law of the land. How
is it? Where is the law-making power now? Is
it here? Have we anything to do with the mak-
ing of the law? Our fathers thought so; our con-
stituents thought so when they elected us here;
but it is not so. The law is, as we declared it,
that the President shall not try a man who is not
connected with the Army or the Navy before a
military court, but that he shall simply hold him
in custod y, and for that time the writ of habeas cor-
pus is suspended, and shall then bring him before
the court, and if he is not found guilty by a grand
jury he shall go acquitted. We said that; but
the military officers say no, and, as my colleague
says, in the very eye of that law men have been
sentenced to death in Indiana. That is true, as I
understand. Men have been so sentenced to die,
and if they die in violation of law who is the mur-
derer? No man's life can be taken except by
authority of law. If there is authority of law for
it my colleague may sustain the shedding of the
blood, he may say that the garments of the offi-
cers are yet white after it is done, but it has been
long decided by the tribunals of our race that if
it is against law it is a murder. That has been
too long decided to be questioned now.
If this law is law, it did suspend the writ of
habeas corpus for a time until a court came around;
but when the court passed by and the jury found
no indictment then the law says the party shall
go. Instead of that a court unknown to thatlaw
nas assumed the power of trying men for the or-
dinary crimes that are defined in our statutes; a
military tribunal brings these men before it, tries
them, convicts them, and they are shot. Sena-
tors, how does it stand ? It is not justified, for the
law says it is wrong. They may be guilty, they
may be scoundrels, as Senators say, guilty felons.
I do not know of that; but before you shed a
guilty felon's blood the law must clothe you with
the power. Go out into the avenues of your
city, and you may find some man that is a guilty
scoundrel, and will you undertake to put him to
death? It would haunt you to the day of your
death. You would not dare to do it; and if you
cannot do it simply because he is a guilty scoun-
drel, can eight men called together by a com-
manding officer in the very face of the law do it?
I say to my colleague, I say to Senators whobe-
comeexcited here, itisnotof much consequence
to you, to your children, to the millions of peo-
ple that are to inhabit this country after we have
ceased to legislate for them, whether the War
Department is criticised or whitewashed, but I
tell you what is of high consequence, that the
law which protects the high and the low alike,
which guards the humblest in society and checks
the most powerful, shall be maintained as the
rock of ages. It is the salvation of every man,
woman, and child in the country. This raging
and rampaging about a criticism on an Adminis-
tration that will pass away, to be recollected in
history either for its virtues or vices as may be,
has not much weight with me.
1 ask Senators to stand by this law. You en-
acted it deliberately; you thought it was right;
you thought when you suspended the writ of ha-
beas corpus that you would not do it without con-
dition; it was a great protection, and had long
been the pride of our race; you said it shall be
suspended at the pleasure of the President for a
time, until the court can meet, but when the court
met the President shall bring the man before the
court. Shall he do it? You Senators that are
above passion, I appeal to you, shall he do it?
This provision of the law proposes that he shall
doit. It is denounced here to-night as an infa-
mous thing. Are you ready to repeal this law?
Are you ready to say that the ancient writ of
liberty, the pride of the English race, shall, with-
out condition and without limit, be suspended?
When you look back to this statute of two years
ago, are you not proud that you allowed its sus-
pension only for a time? You would not allow
even the President to hold a man for a longer
time than until the court met; and now it is
asked to go further than that; that whether the
court meets or not, the Departments of the Gov-
ernment and the military authorities need not in-
quire any more! You go further than that, and
say that against law tribunals shall be established
to try men and shoot them! It would be the last
thing i would want to do to sit On a court like
that. When blood is shed I want to know that 1
am clothed with the sanctity and authority of the
law.
Mr. President, I could not have conceived after
this was the statute for two years that any Sena-
tor could object to this provision of this bill. I
fear it will not do much good. It is not any
stronger than that; it goes no further than that;
and if that, with a penalty against the man who
disregards it, has failed to protect the citizen, and
men are about to lose their lives in the face of it,
I do not know that a simple declaration in a stat-
ute of this year will do any good.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, it is probable
that to-night half a million of our fellow-coun-
trymen are sleeping out on the tented field, far
away from their homes and the happiness and
comfort only to be found in homes. They are
the soldiers of the Republic, enlisted to fight its
battles in one of the most terrible of all wars the
world has yet seen. They are ready at any mo-
ment to arouse and rush to deadly conflict, where
life itself is the stake they put in peril.
Now, sir, the question arises distinctly here in
this place as to the object or purpose for which
they fight. What is the issue in this fierce con-
test which has arrayed brother against brother,
and has crimsoned so many battle-fields with their
blood ? *
There is and there can be but one answer to
this question right and proper to be given in the
Senate of the United States, namely, this war is
waged to maintain the supremacy of the Consti-
tution and laws, and not from the desire of dom-
ination or of conquering and subjugating a peo-
ple whom we hate. It is not because this man,
this body, or this community wants war or de-
lights in it that we make it, but it is because the
will of the American people is of necessity su-
preme and must be obeyed, and that obedience
must be enforced, even to the death, against ali
arming to resist it. The only true and proper
exponent of the will of the American people is the
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance of
its authority.
This is a plain propositjpn, and one which can
be stated without tearing it to tatters in passion,
and it can be argued without hot blood. The
nation has spoken its will through its appropriate
organs in distinct and audible language; it has
spoken to command, and when it commands it
must be obeyed. It alone has the right to com-
mand, and it alone has the right to be obeyed.
What other will dares come in conflict with it?
Who so strong and powerful as to attempt to en-
force any other command than it has authorized?
Nobody dares such a thing, or dares it at the
peril of a terrible reckoning in account with the
outraged majesty of the nation when the day
comes. Our guide is not our own wills; %ve are
the representatives of the nation, and we must
execute its will as we find it written. Can wa
doubt this?
Some Senators, however, say that, being in a
state of war, we cannot follow this guide. I an-
swer, what guide are we to follow? To whoso
will must we be subordinate? Is the supremacy
of the national will suspended in time of war; ia
it paralyzed? If war be dangerous, is it not the
more necessary that this will should be in full
vigor then? What can be more mischievous or
false than to say that when we make war to .en-
force the Constitution and laws, they must stand
aside and be in abeyance till the war is over?
The proposition under discussion declares that
wherever the courts are open there the citizen
charged with offense shall be tried by the law,
and not by thearbitrary will of tribunals to whom
the law has denied this authority. It declares
this because it assumes that m such cases there is
no war where the courts are open. And although
the war may for the time being prevent the law
from having its due course elsewhere, yet it can-
not produce this result when the courts are open.
There may be wpr in Virginia, in South Caro-
lina, and Georgia, but there is no war in New-
England, New York, orPennsylvania, and in these
latter the reason, even if it were good, does not
hold, and their citizens are just as much under
the protection of the law as if there was no war
anywhere.
I have seen that in time of war, of all other
times, the will of the nation should be supreme
and strictly obeyed. Why? Because when our
armies are in the field, as in this war, fighting for
the express purpose of enforcing obedience to the
Constitution, how dare we violate it, set ourselves
above it, or allow anybody else to do so? How
could we look our soldiers in the face, if in their
absence we had disregarded and trampled under
foot the very ordinances for which they had en-
countered such dangers and "endured such hard-
ships? Let us beware on their account.
Mr. President, there is still another reason why
we should always sustain and support the Con-
stitution, apart from any 1 have mentioned, and
that is that it asserts, maintains, provides for, and
secures the liberty of the citizen in the most com-
plete and ample manner. This has endeared it
to struggling, suffering men everywhere,and this
I fondly hope is that which has made us engage
in the present war to save it. But how does it
give us liberty? And I put the question because
I am afraid that in the long enjoyment of that
blessing there are some even in high places who
have actually forgotten how the Constitution is
necessary to it at all; they seem to think there is
little or no connection between them. To such
I will answer that it gives and secutes libei ty by
declaring that no man shall be tried and punished
except by law. That law must be written, de-
clared, and published, so that all may know it, and
ignorance of it is no excuse for its violation. Its
rules must be made before its cases occur; they
precede the cases and do not grow out of them.
No people can properly appreciate the value of
this principle till tyrants teach them by depriving
