1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
them of it. Rome began to feel it whea Caligula
wrote his edicts in characters so small and stuck
thorn on such high posts that the people found it
difficult to read them. Still, although this was
tyranny, yet it was tyranny which might be
avoided by a ladder arid a pair of glasses, and
■was mild compared with that which punishes at
the mere arbitrary will of a superior and in a
mode unknown to the law.
Now, sir, there are three kinds of laws known
and recognized as constitutional. First, the laws
of nations, which govern us in all our relations
with foreigners in peace and war; and whenever
there is actual war even among ourselves these
govern us; we apply them nowdaily to the rebels.
Second, there,is military law, to govern our land
and naval forces, applicable to them, and them
alone, by its very terms; and to apply it to any
other classes of the people is sheer tyranny. The
section under discussion has for its object to con-
fine this law within its proper sphere, and to pre-
vent those who administer it from encroaching
on the next and last, which is municipal lav/,
and which is the law for the people arid for their
protection.
Now let us for one momentcontrast the opera-
tion of these laws and watch their working when
applied to the actual task of punishing or pro-
lectin# the citizen. 1 will take the civil side first,
in order to show with what excessive care the
weak are shielded against the strong.
No man can be arrested except upon view by
the officer or upon information made on oath; and
if K were otherwise innocent people might be an-
noyed continually wuhoutachance to know their
accuser or their imputed crime; but when the oath
is written preceding the warrant both are in the
light. I suppose, too, that the value of this safe-
guard has been shown lecentiy, from the com-
plaints made that so many are merely arrested
and confined, then discharged, without knowing
why; they are put in peril and nobody punished.
In the next place, after a man is in custody of
the law it is matter of great moment where he
shall be tried. Shall it be in a strange place and
among strange people, or shall it be m his own
districts where the offense has been committed,
wheiethe facts are known, and where the charac-
ter of the witnesses may be ascertained ? Surely
no one can doubt on this point, and our law wisely
fixes by accurate metes and boundaries the sev-
eral judicial districts, so that every man may be
certain as to the place where his defense is to be
made, and his rights protected.
Again, as to the tribunal: the judge must be
one learned in the law, wise in its reasons, and
skilled in its application. He must be responsi-
ble, too, for his conduct in its administration; if
he were not all these no one could be safe in his
couit. But the district and the tribunal being
fixed, we come to the agencies used.
Here we find the grand jury, which is, perhaps,
the noblest of all the institutions of the common
law, the great barrier which stands between the
citizen and danger. He cannot be called upon to
answer any charge against him till at least twelve
of his neighbors agree that he ought to answer,
and if they refuse he is safe. This grand jury,
too, must fix, define, and find the offense charged,
and no attorney, not even the Attorney General
of the United States, can dispense with their ac-
tion, even in the case of tiie humblest man; and
there is even here a right of challenge.
The mdictmcntfound, whoshall determine the
fact of the guilt? Here, again, the neighborhood
is invoiced, and a jury of the vicinity is called,
impanneled, and sworn to try according to the
evidence. They must be impartial men, too,and
if they are not the accused has the right to reject
them. Nay, he is even allowed to challenge a
certain number of them peremptorily, and with-
out showing cause, in consideration as it were
even of his antipathies. But it is perhaps in the
presumption of innocence which accompanies the
unfortunate all the way through these proceed-
ings we find that which gives to our law its most
sacred character; in this it rises almost to the di-
vine; guilt must be proved to the exclusion of
every other hypothesis.
On the trial, and moved by thisgreat presump-
tion, the judge is bound to consider himself the
counsel uf the prisoner, and before the courts
were corrupted the prosecutor was bound to com-
pel the attendance of all the witnesses, so that a
subpena for the defense was unnecessary. Now,
however, for fear any one should suffer from the
neglect or corruption of officials, the humanity of
the age allows to the defendant counsel and wit-
nesses, thus securing him against all accidents.
The fact of the guilt, it will be seen, is commit-
ted to the juries; because if a man cannot be tried
by his peers or equals, men who can sympathize
with him and who are exposed to the same
dangers, it is not very hard to see that the masses
would soon be at the mercy of the few; and even
if the latter did not abuse their prerogatives, the
former never would be satisfied with their action.
Still more, nobody but juries could take the re-
sponsibilities of trying facts. They are the rep-
resentativesof communities,and communities ac-
quiesce in their verdicts; and I think no judge in
this country could possibly maintain himself for
any length of time if you compelled him to de-
tional measures, we ought not only to stop them
for the future, but we ought to congratulate our-
selves that the Constitution itself is weain vindi-
cated in the fact that it contains the true rules for
our guidance even in times of civil war. I hope,
too, that when it is again established as the su-
preme law of the Union it will only have a firmer
hold on our affections, because its wisdom has
been demonstrated by the consequences of disre-
garding it.
Now, let us contrastthe course of the law as I
have described it with the course adopted since
the commencement of the war, of subjecting cit-
izens not in the land or naval forces to trial by
courts-martial, and we will soon see the differ-
ence. In the onewewiil find the utmostcareand
tenderness for the life, liberty, and character of
i the citizen, while in the other there is no security
whatever for any of them. The innocent are in
cide thequestionsof fact which arise in criminal jj quite as much danger as the SulIty  ai>ti not gr-
eases. Shield him with a jury, and allis easy;
for he may then interpose and grant a new trial
in case of conviction, and thus become the guard-
ian of innocence against the blunders or preju-
dices of the jury.
In capital cases there is still another safeguard
to life, in the fact that the sentence cannot be ex-
ecuted without the warrant of the executive; so
that we find all the way through so many ob-
stacles to the exercise of tyranny, that it is hardly
possible that an innocent man can ever suffer an
ultimate penalty. It is not in the nature of things
that the committing magistrate, the grand jury,
the petit jury, the court, the executive, should all
combine to violate the laws and punish innocence.
Now, here is what is called liberty, and the
safeguards of liberty, and whenever they are taken
away there is no liberty; indeed, the removal of
any one of them would be fatal to it. They are
the principles of our Government which have en-
deared it to our citizens, have carried them for-
ward in a career of unexampled prosperity, and,
if strictly maintained, will yet give us assurance j
of a happy and free people. |
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. (
Lane] thinks it impossible at present in his State |
to extend to political criminals the benefits of ;
these provisions in favor of liberty. No man j
entertains for thatSeriator a higher opinion than I f
do; but does he really comprehend the value of his j
objections to the trial by "due process of law?" j
Why, sir, if it is true that the country is in such |
a condition that in the State of Indiana the laws i:
cannot be administered, there is an end of it. If 'I
the people are so debased, so corrupt, or so ma- j;
lignant to each other that they cannot lay down
their party differences on the altar, and stand by
the law first, last, and all the time, then, sir, I am
obliged to pronounce this form of government a
failure. If the Uniied States courts in the State
of Indiana, where the judges are appointed by the
President, where the jurors are summoned by the
erallyas well qualified to make defense.
And first: the charges are half the time of that
ij vague, indefinite chauictcr, that it is not possible
!. to reduce them with any degree of certainty to a,
ij definition, especially as there is no statute tofur-
j| nish a guide. They are drawn up without any
Ij technical skill,and the record left of them would
j; make but a sorey plea on a subsequent trial for
l! either a former acquittal or conviction. A man
|i might be put in peril on account of the same of-
fense as often as it pleased his judges for aught
they would serve him.
The court-martial itself is not free; it is com-
posed of officers themselves constantly seeking
and constantly expecting promotion from their
superiors; and they are of course not at liberty
to do anything which might interfere with their
prospects in that respect. This is a prime mis-
chief, as they only sit under special commissions,
and for the trial of particular persons, whom it is
the desire of the superiors to convict, or ihey
would nothave issued the commission. It would
be singular, therefore, if the tribunal did not do the
work -it was set to do, and that with hearty good
will, while they can have no sympathy with the
accused, who belongs to a different class from
themselves.
These officers are chosen, too, by those who as
a general rule are anxious to vindicate the admin-
istration of their own department, and divert tho
attention of the public from their own delinquen-
cies, by exposing the spectacle of some inferior
victim, the judge advocate, who is in reality a
kind of anomalous cross between a prosecutor
and judge, having the disposition of the one and
the power of the other to bring about a conviction.
The further mischief of these trials is that being
utterly repugnant to the genius of our institutions
and our laws, they command no respect and sat-
isfy no demand of justice. Nobody ever acqui-
esces in the propriety of their findings, even while
admitting them to be substantially correct, be-
United States marshal, cannot be depended upon i cause, having no confidence in the machinery used,
I /"* nn t [l rtfin tirU ^ A/\ri i*a ns-.Ai.in* t a ^ (' « I!-,-.    ... ,L . ^
to punish those who conspire against the Gov
crnment, then, sir, I say that there is an end of it.
But, sir, I do not think so. I think patriots have
taken counsel of their fears rather than of their
reason. Surely we are not so lost to all that is
sacred in any loyal State in the Union that our
resentments override our oaths, and that we can-
not as jurors conscientiously administer the laws
of the country.
Mr. President, I will not, I cannot, believe
this. I bel.eve there are everywhere good and
true men whom no threat would intimidate, whom
no affection would sway, and whom no bribe
would purchase; and that they, if called in the
United States courts, would "true deliverance
make according to the evidence." I am for try-
there is always a lingering suspicion that unfair-
ness has existed in the proceedings.
Again, these courts are directed to sit oftentimes,
without any regard to the convenience of suitors
or witnesses, in places remote from their homes
and from the locality where the offense was al-
leged to have been committed. This is a great hard-
ship, especially to the poor, who cannot afford to
pay for the travel and wages of witnesses, who
come from great distances, nor can the witnesses
themselves afford to attend at their own expense,
with but a doubtful chance that the bills of costs
in the end will be paid. Those familiar with the
practice m criminal courts will be able at once to
feel the importance of this dcfect.
~ . j ,, On the trial, too, it is well known that most of
ing them and tiusting them fully and fairly, and p the questions requiring the peculiar learning of
then when fail,^if fail tney do, then i am in jj the lawyer are those of evidence, such asthe rel-
 u ' ' ! evancy of the testimony.
! But, perhaps, after ail the greatest and most
serious objection to these courts lies in the fact
despair; we have no longer free government; and
as to despotisms, one is as good as another, the
worst being the soonest cured.
. , - '   J  -• v 1 « V, >, W <.  i 1,0 IIV.O 111 tut/ •
1 am willing to say, however, that I have had , that they aie engines of tyranny, useful only to
great charity for many people who at first sup-
posed it was necessary to resort to military tri-
bunals to find a remedy for disloyalty. The
thought that the Union would be destroyed and
the nation divided was so shocking to the minds
of loyal men that they were Mot likely to stop at
any means likely to prevent a consummation so
much dreaded; but after the experience we have
had of the mischievous working of uneonstitu-
wreak out the vengeance of private malice or
I partisan fury. They are in their nature espe-
, cially adapted to these ends, and in all ages arid
; under all circumstances have been denounced for
the facilities they a (lorded in the execution of such
purposes. The slightest grounds are sufficient to
give them authority, and when once in motion
there is no force adequate to restrain th«m, and
they usually go on till they are intolerable.
