610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
1 would not have moved to repeal this law,
stmpty because the law fell dead; it was not prac-
tically executed in any of our military lines, be-
cause ail the military officers in the whole line of
our operations across the continent interfered by
military orders with the operations of these State
agents. They had necessarily to do so, not from
any opposition to theemploymentof negroes,but
simply to prevent the strife and contention that
was inevitable from such a state of affairs. As
the proposition has been made, I hope the Senate
will adopt it, and repeal that provision of law,
which, 1 think, was unwisely and unadvisedly
passed at the lastsession.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, it may be
altogether unnecessary, but after the remarks
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] if I understood him aright, I deem it
necessary to say a few words in relation to this
matter. -
1 understood that Senator either directly to de-
clare, or it was an inference derived from thecur-
rent of his remarks, that all who were in favor of
the amendment as proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania were rather disinclined or opposed
to the employment of negro troops in the armies
of the United States. My opinions upon that sub-
ject having been misunderstood in quarters which
i deem much more interesting to me than even the
Senate, 1 wish simply to say that I am not opposed
to the employment of negro troops in the Army.
So far from it, as long back as the 22d of July,
3861, (and I remember the date because it was
the day following the first battle of Bull Run,) 1
declared myself upon this floor in favor of the
employment of such troops in the Army, and
cited the example of General Jackson at New Or-
leans in support of it. But, sir, I can see a very
great difference between the employment of such
aoops generally and this provision which it is
now proposed to repeal, the design of which was
to bring them into the service solely or mainly
through the agency of the different States, and
thus create a controversy and contest between the
States in procuring tins class of persons for the
public service. Entertaining that view, during
the discussion of the enrollment bill at the last
session of Congress 1 opposed ihatsection, which
subsequently became a lawthiough the agency
of a committee of conference who met upon that
subject. I wus then, and am now, in favor of
employing, not only colored troops, but all other
troops that can be procured in the rebel States, io
strengthen the arm of ihe Federal Government
and weaken the arm of the rebellion.
But my opinion ia that the best way to do that
is in the way pointed out by the commanders of
our armies. The best way is to recruit them into
the Union service generally without assigning
them to any particular State, or giving any par-
ticular State the benefit of them. I shall not
weary the Senate by undertaking to recapitulate
the several reasons that have been assigned for
this course, showing that it is more beneficial,
more desirable, and freer from objections. They
are apparent and manifest to every one.
With this explanation, I shall continue to vote
as 1 voted during the last session, now to repeal,
then in opposition to, this section; and m doing so
i shall not array myself against the employment
either of nejjro troops or white troops that may
be procured in the States in rebellion; and at the
same time avoid, as i believe, unpleasant, if not
disastrous, consequences resulting from unseemly
competition between the agents of these different
Slates going down and overbidding each other,
creating a sortof new auction-block, upon which
these colored men may be exposed to sale and
knocked down to the highest bidder,and thus be-
come tiie soldier of the State whose coffers are
able to pay the highest sum for that class of troops.
I want them to be enlisted in the armies of the
United States m the regular way. Let the Union
have the general benefit of their services, and let
each State have us pro rata benefit, as it will have
just so far as the employment of these troops will
lessen the amount of men to be called upon by
draff, just so far as the poor men of the North who
cannot raise moivy to r^ieve themselves from the
draft w.li be bent filed by this general enlistment
of 'hese hoops in (he old way.
Mr. POWELL. Air. President, the only equi-
tably way to furnish men in this war is for each
Stutt, out of its own population, to furnish ua
quota. "When you put the negroes who- are resi-
dents of the seceded States, or the rebel States, in
the Army, they must be credited to the general
quota, and that would lessen the draft upon all the
adhering States. That is the only equitable way
in which it can be done; and that was the senti-
ment of the Senate at the last session on more
votes than one. If you wantthree hundred thou-
sand soldiers by draft, and you get fifty thousand
from the negroes in the rebel States, then the draft
will be only for two hundred and fifty thousand,
instead of three hundred thousand, and that dis-
tributed equally and properly will tend to relieve
every State in the Union from the draft.
The Senator from Massachusetts says there has
been no abuse under this law. The Senator from
Ohio has told you of the abuses under it. That
excellent letter of General Sherman, published
some time ago, told the country of the abuses
under it. But I will tell the Senator some of the
abuses which have fallen under my own obser-
vation. In Kentucky,all the negroes are enrolled
as the white people arc. The draft in that State
is based upon the enrollment of both whites and
blacks. Under the operation of this law, agents
from the northern States have come and located
themselves in Indiana and Illinois, right on the bor-
ders of Kentucky, and absolutely sentover agents
and stolen and taken by force negroes from Ken-
tucky and enlisted them. These are facts that 1
know, if you take away the negroes from Ken-
tucky and Missouri in that way, do you not see
that Massachusetts, or the State that gets them,
gets credited for them, and we have to be drafted
upon the old enrollment upon which these very ne-
groes were all enrolled ? The greatest frauds were
committed in that way. When they get these
negroes over the river, they muke the negro say
he is from Alabama or Georgia, or some State in
rebellion, not excluded in the law, and that is the
way the thing is worked. There is no doubt
abouttheseevtls existing there; I know them my-
self; and yet the Senator from Massachusetts
says there are no evils resulting from it. On every
hand you hear of the evils of it. Why, sir, the
border States that have been devastated by this
war, and the new States in the West are notable
to send out and pay large sums to recruiting agents
all over ihe country to fill up their quota, they have
to give their men to the conflict; and why should
not the older and richer States do so ? If you enlist
these negroes,and they are being enlisted every-
where by the general orders of our superior offi-
cers, let them go to the general account, where
they ought to go, and let each State of the Umon
be compelled out of its own population to give
the quota that is wanted from it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Carhle, Chandler,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Doohule, Gtuuess Harlan, Har-
n-, Nomk-rMHi. Ilciuli ick*, Ilmvard, Howe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Nc-inttli, Powell, Ramsey, Rieiiai dr-on, Sauls-
bury, Sliciman. Ten Eyek, Tiunibull, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley, and Wnght—28.
NAYS—Messrs'. Anthony, Clark, Conucss. Dixon, Far-
well, Fo>t<:r, Ilaie, Moigan, Moirili, Nye, Sumnei, and
Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Harding, IIlck«, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Pomeroy, Riddle, Sptague, Stewart, Wadp,
and Wilkinson—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFCER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question now is on the amend-
ment of the committee as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. I move further to amend the
amendment in section three, lineten, by inserting
after the word "dollars" the words "nor less
than $200," and after the word " years," in the
same line, by inserting the words "and not less
than three months;" so that the section will read:
That any recruiting agent, substitute broker, or other per-
son, who hhall enlist, or cause to be enlisted, as a volun-
teer or substitute, any insane person, &.c., s-hatl, upon con-
viction by any court-marital or military commission, bo
fined not exceeding $1,000, nor less. tliau$200, or impugned
not exceeding two years and not Jess than three months,
or both, at the discretion of such court-martial or military
commission.
The object is to require some punishment to be
inflicted upon conviction. As the bill now stands,
it would let off the offender with a nominal con-
viction and nominal imprisonment. I choose to
fix a minimum punishment, which will be some-
thing more than a mere formality.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment, as I un-
derstand it, is to take from the court that is to try
these offenses the discretion as to the punishment
as far as the minimum is concerned; that is to say,
the party, if convicted, must be punished by a
fine of not less than a certain amount, or an im-
prisonment not less than a certain period of time.
It appears to me there may be a great variety of
causes existing in casesof this description which
would render it proper that the discretion should
be as large as possible. Let it be a fine of any
amount the commission may think proper to im-
pose, or an imprisonment any number of days
only, as they may think proper to impose', but
one thing is perfectly certain; 1 speak, as I think
from some experience, not so much professional
of my o\yn and others, as from a knowledge of
the cases which have been brought before these
commissions; they are always sure to fine enough,
and they are alwayssure to imprison long enough
to answer the purposes of justice.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and naya
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to say one word
on the subject. The third section of this bill as-
sumes to subject to trial by court-martial or mili-
tary commission—
Any recruiting agent, substitute broker, or other person,
who shall enhat or cause to be enlisted as a volunteer or
substitute, nny insane peivonor persona m a condition of
intoxication, or a deserter from the militaiy or naval ser-
vice, knowing him to be such, or who shall defraud or de-
prive any volunteer or substitute of any portion ol the State,
local, or (Juited States bounty, to which lie may be en-
titled 
The clause, as it is reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, punishes any one of these
offenses, upon conviction, with fine not exceeding
$1,000, or impnsonment not exceeding two years,
or both, at the discretion of the court. My amend-
ment is for the purpose of fixing a minimum of
penalty by law below which the court shall not
be at liberty to go; and its minimum fine is $200
for any one of these offenses, and its minimum
imprisonment is three months. In other words,
on conviction, it requires the court absolutely to
sentence the offender either to pay a fine of at
least $200 or undergo imprisonment for at least
three months, or both together, as the court may
see fit. It takes away fiom the court the discre-
tion of imposing a mere nominal penalty, either
fine or imprisonment, but requires it absolutely
to impose a minimum penalty. As it stands now,
on conviction, a court might allow an offender
who had defrauded scores of honest soldiers of
their honest bounty, and who had cheated them
in the matter of recruitment and enlistment, to
escape scot-free by payment of six cents fine or
imprisonment for tin hour. Is that just? If we
impose a penalty for such offenses, we should be
in earnest, and make it for the interest at least of
the individual to do his duty and refrain from the
violation of the law. It seems to me that the
amendment commends itself to the favor of al-
most any man.
Mr. liALE. I confess that I differ with the
honorable Senator from Michigan. There may
be frequently cases where a court would find it-
self compelled under the evidence to find a judg-
ment against the prisoner, but still the mitigating
circumstances might be such that a mere nominal
punishment wouid answer the purpose. I recol-
lect the other day reading an account of a very
distinguished trial in the city of New York be-
tween two ffieat chieftains of the political world,
Thurlow Weed and Mayor Opdyke; and I un-
derstand that in that ca«e there was a division;
the jury came to no verdict, and still there was a
considerable number of the jury who thought it
would be well to find a verdict with damages at
six cents. It is true that was a civil action, but
it is frequently the case in ct iminal actions that
the court finds it necessary for theenforcement of
the law to sentence a man, but only imposes a
nominal punishment. 1 have seen a case where
a veiy learned couit found itself under the neces-
sity, under the law, of punishing a man for assault
and battery because he had been found guilty by
a jury, but the circumstances were such that the
court thought there was no real offense, and fined
him a dollar, without costs. That was a court
which sat in the State of the honorable Senator
from Maine, and 1 thought at the time its action
was very judicious. There may be a great many
cases of that sort, and it seems to me we should
