1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
altogether in favor of the large cities; and on that
consideration we yielded. I have now stated tiie
mam features of the measure. There are two or
thre^ sections in regard to substitute brokers that
are very stringent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The explanation of the
chairman is veiy clear, but I want to know how
the committee of conference got so many things
together.
Mr. WILSON". I will tell the Senator. Two
or three weeks ago the Senate passed a bill of
some seven or eight sections amending the enroll-
ment act. Then the House of Representatives
prepared a bill to amend the enrollment act, in
which they copied five sections of our bill, and
sent us here a bill containing altogether fifteen or
sixteen sections.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator know that
the bill of which lie has been speaking is not here,
and that we have not the power to act upon it?
Mr. WILSON. I have sent to the House of
Representatives for it.
Mr. GRIMES. How can it be reported to us
when the House of Representatives, that has to
act on it fiist, has not sent it to us?
Mr. WILSON. The House has acted.
Mr. GRIMES. That fact has not been reported
to us.
Mr. WILSON. I have sent down to the House
for the bill. We put a portion of the House en-
rollment bill on this act. We took eleven sections
and added quite a number to them.
Mr. JOHNSON, i understand the honorable
member to say that one of the amendments takes
from the officers who are brevetted in the regular
Army the pay corresponding to their rank.
Mr. WILSON. We passed an act a year or
two ago allowing brevets to be conferred, and we
put a provision in Jt that it should not confer in-
creased pay, and intending to reach all cases we
used the phrase "in the volunteer and other
forces." The Departments construed that to mean
that the " other forces" did not mean the regular
Army, and they have under -that construction
paid Army officers for brevet rank when they
are assigned to duty according to the lank they
fill-
Mr. JOHNSON. I think they have received
that from the time we had an Army.
Mr. WILSON. They have from 1840. The
House of Representatives insisted upon it that
the volunteer officers whom we have brevetted
so largely .should have additional compensation.
We hnve disagreed to that and put them all on the
some footing:, and provide that, none of them shall
get any additional pay by being brevetted. The
brevet is a mere honorary matter and does not
bring any increase of compensation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator if this committee of conference have not
combined several bills together for the purpose of
making: what they esteemed a more perfect piece
of legislation; whether their report is confined to
matters of disagreement in respect to any one bill;
and before the Senator answers that question 1
wish to ask him what biil the committee of con-
ference was on.
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator. We
passed a bill last evening of eleven sections as an
amendment to a House bill of one section. That
went to the House of Representatives, and the
House sti uck out three sections of our bill, leaving
eight sections to stand as we passed them, and
then they put on a large number of additional
sections by way of amendment. They agreed to
our amendment with amend ment$. Most of their
amendments were in a btil which they sent here
two or three days ago, but which we have not
had time to take up. When the bill came back
in this shape we rejected the action of the House,
and sent the whole matter to a committee of con-
ference. In point of fact, we yield hardly any-
thing on these points, except that section winch
the Senator from Iowa put into our biil the other
day, and we yielded that with a great deal of
reluctance.
Mr. WADE. Is-it in order to move to take
up a bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order. By common consent there are two ques-
tions already before the Senate. One is the bill
to which the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane]
has made a motion to amend; and the report of
the committee of conference on the bill of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] is also
pending.
Mr. WILSON. I have now got the bill.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to whom I gave way for a report, does
not seem to be ready, and if the Senate will per-
mit, I will proceed with the few remarks 1 intended^
to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor on theamend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana to the bill (H.
11. No. 786) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret as much as any-
body to detain the Senate at this late hour, and
particularly to speak to persons who have no
disposition to listen; but I cannot permit the ex-
traordinary remarks which have fallen from one
or two Senators to pass without saying a word in
reply; 1 shall be very brief in doing it; and first
as to the question before the Senate.
It has bet^fargued against as if it were some-
jfferent fi om what it is. The Senator
ugan says in his argument that this is a
to let loose the criminals of thecoun-
tryVHe says that men who are undergoing sen-
tence will be discharged by it, and that those held
for trial will be dischaiged, and that it isan assault
upon the manner in which persons charged with
the administration of the Government have dis-
charged their duty. It is no such thing,sir. The
proposition is that hereafter in the loyal States,
where the courts are open, no person not in some
way connected with the military service shall be
tried by court-martial or military commission.
That is the proposition. It does not propose to
interfere in the least with anybody who has been
tried. 21is prospective in its operation. Itdoes
not propose to discharge anybody. There is no
such word in it. Now, what becomes of all that
the Senator from Michigan said?
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from Illi-
nois wish an answer here?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall speak but a few
moments. 1 merely wish to show that the Sen-
ator from Michigan has argued a proposition that
is not under consideration. Then the Senator
goes on to say that but for the exercise of this
powerto try persons by court-martial and military
commission, the city of Chicago would have been
burned, the dwelling in which 1 live would have
been burned. I do not think any such thing, i
have no such opinion. And the Senator Horn
Nevada speaks of the issue in the last election,
and says that what he had to meet upon the
stump was a complaint about arbitrary arrests.
That is not this question. This section does not
say anything about arbitrary arrests; this is a
proposition that persons shall not be tried in a
particular way. It has nothing to do with ar-
resting them. It is not proposed to interfere with
the power of arresting persons. That is given
by another act by which the habeas corpus is sus-
pended. Tilts does notpioposoto lepeul that act.
But the Senator from Nevada says that some-
thing akin to this was a question m the last elec-
tion. How came it to be a question ? What was
it that divided the North ? There was a time in
the early stages of this war when we were very
much united in the North. Does not the Senator
from Nevada wish that to be so again? I know
he does. He would have every man in all these
States united as one man to crush this rebellion
and crush it at once. I think we should do nothing
to divide the North if we can help it. It is not
politic to do it. It is not wise to do it. What is
it that has divided the North? He says himself
that the very question he had to meet away out
in Nevada was the question about arrests, not
the question we are now considering, because this
says nothing about arrests, but somehow akin to
it. Does he not think it would have been better
if those who are charged with the administration
of the Government had so conducted themselves
as, if possible, to have kept a united public sen-
timent?
Mr. STEWART. Let me answer that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You may answer it in a
moment. I know the Senator from Nevada would
like to have a united loyal public sentiment.
Mr. STEWART. Wo have got it pretty near.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Pretty near! If you talk
about the election, hundreds of thousands of vot-
ers, yea, more than a million of 'voters in the
loyal States, did not vote as the Senator and I did.
Do you know how those voters came to be alien-
ated ? Almost one half of the voters of the great
States of New York and Pennsylvania voted dif-
ferently from him and me. Does he know how
they became alienated?
Mr. STEWART. By secretsympathizerswith
the rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And you put a club into
their hands by which they were enabled to
strengthen their power, and whenever you do so
you give them an advantage over you. If you
want to put down the sympathizers with reoel-
lion you must not give them an advantage, you
must not give them a position from which they
can assail you. I remember a few years ago that
petitions used to be presented in tije House of
Representatives asking for the abolition of sla-
very, and I recall that they were presented by
Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts. Nobody at that
time believed that Congress had any power to
abolish slavery. The petitions amounted to very
little, but the advocates of the slaveholding power
were outraged at this attempt to introduce a peti-
tion, and what did they do? They attacked the
rightof petition. That was sacred. Every Ameri-
can, though he was no abolitionist, and did not
believe that Congress had any power to abolish
slavery, believed in the sacrea right of petition.
False issues were got up which divided the coun-
try. There was no division of the country as to
abolition; in the whole country there were not
abolitionists enough to disturb anybody; all par-
ties declared in their platforms,and acquiesced in
the principle, that there was no power in Congress
to abolish slavery; butall parties would not agree
to the proposition that the right of petition should
not be held sacred. It is just so in regard to these se-
cret sympathizers that the Senator speaks of. They
are powerless; crush them; there is no trouble
about it; but if you give them the advantage of
putting yourselves in the wrong and raising a false
issue with them they get much more strength.
That, in my judgment, is unwise,and I think that
more capital has been made against the Admin-
istration, more wbstacles thrown in the way ofan
efficient prosecution of this war, by the attempt
to do things that need not have been done, and by
giving an advantage to these secret sympathizers,
than in any other way. This is no evidence, be*
cause the election went this way, that this measure
was indorsed. The Administration was carried
triumphantly through in spite of these things, not
because of them, by the patriotism of the coun-
try. The people were determined to maintain the
Government, and they overlooked many errors;
no doubt a great many have been committed, It
is not the eirors that give strength, but in spite
of the errors the Government has been sustained.
I think thatevery unnecessary departure from the
law and from the Constitution weakens instead
of strengthens the Government.
Now, sir, a word or two, and only a word or
two, as to the Senator from California, [Mr. Con-
ness,] who modestly assumes so much patriot-
ism; and if patriotism consists in noise and blus-
ter, he certainly is possessed of a great deal. He
made himself heard most certainly, and he talks
of " croaking,"and talkof " cowards,"and says
that he cares nothing for the Constitution, so
that he has a country. He had better migrate
to Dahomey, or somewhere else, where there is
a country. 1 care, sir, for the Constitution and
for liberty, and I think a country or life itself
scarcely worth having without liberty—without
liberty regulated by law. But he is bold and
brave—yea, sir, bold and brave—and would sink
the Government, would vote against all appro-
priations, sooner than not have the power to try a
man by a court-martial or a military commission!
That great patriot would stand here and vote—
vote against appropriations for the Army or any-
thing else, if he could not arrest somebody and
try him in a loyal State, where the courts are
open, by a military commission or court-martial I
I-le says substantially, " I will not appropriate to
sustain our soldiers; the rebels may come here
and tear down the Capitol and destroy the Gov-
ernment, because I, the Senator from California,
cannot be permitted to have somebody arrested—*
no, notanestid, but cannot havesomebody tried
bv a coui'i-fn.tituU;" and that is his patriotism)
