1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
otherwise infamous crime unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury," and stops
there.
Now, sir, in the first place, let me say, the of-
fenses created by the present bill are not, in the
sense of the Constitution, infamous crimes. Were
the fifth amendment the only provision on the
subject, we might try any crime which is not
infamous by a military commission and without
a grand jury; we might proceed to punish all such
crimes on mere information without indictment,
and try the information without the intervention
of a petitjury, if we saw fit—I mean to say if this
amendment of the Constitution were the only
clause concerned. But, sir, it is perfectly appa-
rent from the language itself of this amendment
that the Constitution has in view the trial of a
certain class of offenses by tribunals other than
those in which a jury intervenes. It is certain,
from the language itself, that it was expected that
military offenses would be tried by courts-mar-
tial and military commissions.
If this be the true construction to be given to
the Constitution, all that the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania has said in denunciation of (he
Administration for employing such tribunals is
without foundation. We may try offenses com-
mitted in the military forces of the United States,
or committed in the militia when in the actual
service, by courts martial or by military commis-
sions. We have used arid employed this species
of tribunals ever since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and they are just as well known and rec-
ognized in the code of American lawas are courts
in which juries intervene. They are justas neces-
sary to the public service. Why, then, are we
told with so much emphasis that military courts
and military commissions arc usurpations upon
the liberties of the people?
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania ap-
pears to regard the findings of a jury in tlte trial
of criminals as infallible. According to his ideas
it is impossible that a jury of twelve men from
the vicinage in the finding of a fact can possibly
err. Now, the experiences of that learned Sena-
tor, like my own, I dare say, teach htm that the
findings of juries in criminal cases are among the
most uncertain means of ascertaining facts; and
although undoubtedly the preservation of trial by
jury is still regarded as a precious privilege to the
American citizen, it is nevertheless true that the
legal mind of the country is coming more and
more to the conclusion that, after all, facts may
be well ascertained by persons other than jurors.
I hold it to be competent for Congress to punish
as a military offense any act which is connected
with the military service of the United States,
end to do this by court-maitial; that contractors
who enter into contracts with the Government for
furnishing supplies may be thus punished; that
any and every act performed by any and every
person, by which the military serviceofthe Uni-
ted States shall be directly or even remotely af-
fected, presents a case arising under this amend-
ment, and may be thus punished. Such has been
the practice of the Government for years past.
Such is its practice now, and has been during
the war; and I believe it to be founded on the
soundest principles of constitutional law. Weall
know very well that it will be utterly impossible
to inflict adequate punishment upon the commis-
sion of military offenses if it is necessary to resort
to the cumbrous machinery of juries and other
instrumentalities used in civil tribunals, it would
be utterly impossible to bring to justice the hun-
dredth part-of the offenders connected with the
Army if it were necessary to indict and try and
punish them in the counties in which the offense
was committed. There must be something more
summary.
The Senator from Pennsylvania reads also from
the sixth article of thgamendments, " in all crim-
inal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right
to a speedy and public trifl by an impartial jury
of the State and district," &c. Certainly, if there
be a class of offenses, as there undoubtedly is,
which may be punished byproceedingsotherthan
trial by jury, then that class ofoffenses is excepted
from the generality of the language of the sixth
amendment of the Constitution, so that this par-
ticular clause has no bearing whatever upon the
argument.
Now,sir, I donotthink it necessary, I will not
say becoming, that Senators should go out of i
their way to make attacks upon the Administra-
tion in relation to the administration of military
justice, unless the case is a flagrant one. I have
yet to learn of a single case of great injustice
having been committed by the military tribunals
that have sat during the existence of this war.
There must be justice in the military service.
There must be some way of bringing offenders
to justice, to hold them to their criminal respon-
sibility. The Constitution gives ample authority
to Congress to enact laws upon the subject, and
I think Senators would better consult the inter-
ests of the country, if, instead of carping at the
military administration of the Government, they
would devise some means by which military jus-
tice can be meted out better than it is at present,
if its present administration be as faulty as it is
represented.
For my own part, I think the present bill is a
very necessary one, and especially this penal por-
tion of it, which punishes not only recruiting
agents and substitute brokers, but all other per-
sons who shall commit anyone of the crimes
which are defined in section three. We all know
that these impositions have been practiced daily
throughout the country, not only by substitute
brokers and agents for recruiting, but by other
persons who have lent their aid toward theirac-
comphshment. There is many a man and many
a boy who has been entrapped into enlisting when
he was in a stale of downright intoxication; many
a case in which a deserter has been knowingly
reenlisted,and in which all the crimes mentioned
in this section have been perpetrated.
I think Congress is but doing its duty in defin-
ing these crimes and affixing specific and severe
penalties upon them; and I hope the words will
not be stricken out.
Mr. HALE. I confess, sir, that I have been
not a little surprised at the speech of the honor-
able Senator from Michigan. If I mode myself
understood in what i asked before of the Senate,
I think it will need no illustration and no argu-
ment. What is proposed by this law? I am
content, for the purpose of the argument to-day,
that every contractor, every substitute broker,
every agent for recruiting, and every man that in
any capacity voluntarily connects himself with
the naval or military service, should by Congress
be made amenable to this law; but I am not will-
ing to see adopted a provision like this, that
covers the whole land, that subjects to its opera-
tion every man within certain ages who is liable
to military duty, and who is compelled to render
it; 1 am not willing that by viitue ofthis compul-
sion which the Government has forced upon him,
you shall at the same time tear him away from
the protection of the ordinary tribunals of the
land, arid subject him to the tender mercies of a
military trial before a court-martial hundredsand
hundreds of miles away from the place where lie
lives.
Mr. President, I protest, and I will protest here
always while I have the power to do so, against
the right of the Senator from Michigan or any
other man on God's earth to accuse me of carp-
ing at the Administration or opposing them, be-
cause ) stand here to-day to invokefor the hum-
blest of my constituents the protection of that
Constitution which was won by the bravery of
their fathers ages ago.
Mr. HOWARD I beg- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire yield the floor to the Senator from Michi-
gan ?
Mr. HALE. I would rather not.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor, un-
less he yields.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish merely to say that
in my remark I had no allusion to the Senator
from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire does not yield fhe floor.
Mr. HALE. I cannot tell to whom it alluded.
I heard the remark and I heard it with pafn, and
I said to myself, " Great God, is it possible in
this period of the history of the world, in this
Senate, in this nation, at this day, that an attompt
to throw tho shield and the segts of the Constitu-
tion around the hum blest of the citizens who owe
it allegiance and to whom the Gx>verfmifeftt owes1
protection, can be denounced as art attack upoft-
the Administration !" Ifthe Admthistrationrh«V«i
the heart and the feeling and the sentiment frhFeK*
I think they have, they would feel that aiTa'ttenfot
to shield them by such an appeal-asthat would
be the grossest attack that could be made upoiv
them. * ' - '
Mr. President, when this war is over, if we
shall have saved our country and lost our liber-
ties, it will be a matter of speculation by the phi-
losopher and the historians to settle with posterity
how much was gained and lost by the result, id
there any necessity for this enactment? Take,
for instance, one of the humblest citizens of the
humble State that I represent, one of the hard-
working, hard-fisted, tax-paying yeomanry of
New Hampshire. By virtue of your draft he is
compelled to do" military service or to furnish a
substitute. He comes in the honest discharge of
a duty not voluntarily eissumed, but imposed upon
him by the Government,and brings a substitute.
He is no "substitute broker; he is no recruiting
agent; he is no man who has voluntarily con-
nected himself with the military service; but he
comes forward in obedience to a duty which he
cannot resist, and brings a substitute, and that
substitute is accepted. By and by, in the course
of time, it may be three months, six months, or
a year hence, some malicious, some evil-disposed
person may suggest u that young man whom that
drafted soldier brought was intoxicated at the!
time he was enlisted." What then? Shall you
send an inquiry into the vicinage, into the Statfe,
into the district ? Oh no, sir; but a mere arbitrary
order is issued, and he is seized in New Hamp-
shire and hurried to Philadelphia it may be, to
New York, to any other place—God only knows
where—away from home, away from his neigh-
bors, away from any of the protections to which
he is entitled. He is arbitrarily hurried and put
to trial before a court-martial, and if four out of
the seven think upon the whole that the man was
intoxicated, thereupon the citizen of New Hamp-
shire is sentenced to two years imprisonment in
the penitentiary at hard labor.
The honorable Senator says that is not an
infamous offense. You make it infamous by
the punishment that you annex to it. Now let
us look at the provision of the Constitution. I
do not know that it is in order to quote the Con-
stitution at this period of our history. [Laugh-
ter.] I know that we got to such a stage in New
Hampshire once that if you quoted fhe constitu-
tion of the State the judge would laugh in your
face. There is a provision on this subject in the
original Constitution, independent of the amend*
ments:
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be by jury"—
"All crimes," not infamous crimes, but the trial
of all crimes, shall be by jury—-
" and such trial shall be held in the State where the said
crimes simll have been committed; but when not com-
mitted within anv State, tlie trial shall he at such place or
places <u> Ute Cotigress may by law Have dliected."
That has not been repealed by theamendments
subsequently adopted. Then the fifth and sixth
articles of the amendments make further provision
on the subject. The fifth article provides that—
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jmy, except In cases arising in the land or
naval forces?, or in the militia,when in actual service in time
of war or public danger."
Now let me ask if a man in the discharge of a
duty imposed upon him bylaw(that is,togoand
render military service or to offer a substitute)
is, within the purview of that provision of the
Constitution, in the land or naval forces or in
actual servicein the militia in time of waror pub-
lic danger? I venture to say, with all that has
been said staring me in the face, that the condition
of things contemplated by this clause has never
occurred in the United States of America. There
has never been an extension of the liability to
military courts-martial beyond that of making
contractors liable; but citizens outside of that
provision are not liable.
But the Senator says that everybody who has
anything to do, directly or indirectly, with the
land or naval service, or with raising men for the
service, may by Congress be subjected to this
provision. Thatia broad enough; that covers the
whole land, because everybody is obliged to pay
