614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
taxes, and taxes are raised for the purpose of sup-
porting your Army and Navy.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator.
Mr. HALE. I give way.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that this com-
Kientof the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire upon what I said is unfair and gratuitous,
for if he had listened to what I did say he could
not have drawn any such conclusion as he seems
to have drawn. I did not intimate that any cit-
izen who was so remotely connected with military
affairs as to be a mere tax-payer could therefore
be subjected to trial by court-martial. Itis a mere
chimera of the Senator's own brain.
Mr. HALE. My statement was not that the
Senator did say so, but 1 said it would be a fair
inference from the- premises that He laid down.
What is this furnishing a substitute? Nothing
but a substitute for a duty in the nature of a tax;
and if you may subject the man offered as a sub-
stitute to a military tribunal, so you may the tax-
payer, by the same reasoning.
The honorable Senator has said some things
that it pained me to hear. He says that trial by
jury is one of the most uncertain modes of com-
ing at the truth in criminal cases, and that the
public mind is fast coming to the conviction that
there may be some other modes of ascertaining
the truth. Mr. President, I have heard that doc-
trine before; I have argued against it, talked
against it, written against it, m season and out
of season. And, Mr. President, let me tell my
honorable friend that it is a sentiment that I did
hope never to hear uttered by any man for whom
I have so much respect as I have for him. i
know the trial by jury is odious, odious to the
oppressor and the friends ofoppression the world
over, it is the great safeguard of liberty; spiung
up gradually, perfected through all the bloody
history through which English liberty made her
way, until it culminated on this continent in the
enunciations of the American Constitution, fought
at every step. I know, sir, that whenever des-
potism would strike a blow at the liberties of the
world the trial by jury has been one of the great
obstacles that have stood in the path against
which despotism has thrown itself. It was be-
cause Charles 1 arid his minions did not like trial
by jury that they instituted the special court
which they did, and which resulted not in over-
throwing this great bulwark of constitutional lib-
erty, but in bringing the author of those innova-
tions and those oppressions to the block. That
was the result there; and the infamous Jeffreys
having the same opinions, and carrying them into
practice in his cruel and bloody history, at length
well-nigh met, at the hands of an infuriate mob,
the just judgment of his infamous crime.
Mr. President, if trial by jury is ovciihrown
in this country, take the rest. 1 would not lift
my hand, nor open my mouih, nor counsel one
of my constituents to shed a drop of blood or pay
a dollar of treasure if the Constitution is to be
preserved emasculated of this great safeguard of
liberty. In these times, when so much is de-
manded and so much is at stake, with a generous
confidence I would give to the Administration
almost everything that they want, i would con-
sent, and i have consented, that the habeas corpus
may bo suspended, and these extraordinary tri-
bunals may be erected and instituted for the trial
of everybody that voluntarily comes forward and
connects himself with the public service. But,
sir, if you are going to throw a drag-net over the
land, if you are going to bring in this whole peo-
ple and subject them to the penalties that may be
inflicted by military tribunals and these courts-
martial, then the last step in the humiliation and
the degradation of the country is taken, and we
shall be left fit instruments for any despotism that
the bold and the lawlessmayseeproper to estab-
lish over us.
Mr. President, where is the necessity for this
provision at this time? The honorable Senator
from Michigan says that he does not know of a
solitary case of abuse of this sort 
Mr. HOWARD. Where great injustice has
been done.
Mr. HALE. 1 will not say that I do know
anything of that sort, because I do not want to
make any issue with anybody on this subject. I
do not know but that all our public men are as
pure as any public men in the world, i believe
they are. I believe, as I have heretofore said on
this floor and elsewhere, that our Chief Magis-
trate, the President of the United States, is an
honest and patriotic man. But, sir, I will read
an extract from a letter written by a high officer
of this Government to another officer in contem-
plation of a naval court-martial that was about
to be set on foot. It is as follows:
" I have been summoned before the select committee of
the Senate for investigating frauds in naval supplies, and
if the wool don't fly it will riot be my fault. Norton, the
Navy agent, has complained that I have interfered with his
business. He and his friend are (lead cocks in the pit. We
have got a suie thing on them in the tin business. They
that dance must pay the fiddler.'1
That, sir, is from a high officer of your Gov-
ernment, written in reference to a prosecution that
he was about gettmgup. I will not say that any
injustice was done by that court-martial; but I
will say this, that 1 do think it is barely possible
that a public protection might have been insti-
tuted with purer motives than those which are
manifested by the extract that I have read to you.
But it is not necessary to quote instances. The
question is, is there anything that makes it ne-
cessary to go so much further than you have
gone, and to subject the whole people to this tri-
bunal and to its penalties? Mr. President, the
wisdom of ourfathers and the wisdom of the world
has been taxed in all past ages to build up a code
of laws for the protection of rights and the pun-
ishment of wrongs, denominated the common
law. In my humble judgment, human wisdom
has not yet gone beyond it; and I shall be slow
and loth to surrender any of these privileges
which are not absolutely necessary to the better
welfare, to the maintenance, of the public service,
to its integiity, and the vindication of its author-
ity againstany aggressor. Butldo notlookupon
this case as one of that sort. I look upon this
case as a dangerous precedent, going beyond
everything that has been attempted heretofore,
And as such I oppose it.
Mr. WILSON. I am very anxious to have
the vote on this bill to-day. I know the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is after us with his
measures. 1 am very anxious, therefoie, for ac-
tion now, and I shall be very brief in what I have
to say.
This measure is not asked for by the Adminis-
tration. The provision of this section is demanded
by humanity and justice to right the wrongs of
hundreds and thousands of our countrymen.
You cannot comprehend the height and depth of
the iniquities that are perpetrated in this country
to-day upon the people by persons engaged in
putting men into our armies. The American
slave trade, I think, pales before the crimes that
are commuted in this country upon hundreds and
thousands of our people; and there are to-day
hundreds and thousands of men in our armies
upon whom the grossest outrages have been per-
petrated in putting them theie.
The heavy bounties offered by the Government
for substitutes or enlisted men have stimulated
the cupidity of a great many persona who are
simply seeking for money and have no sense of
right or justice. A large numberof men,governed
entirely by the hope of getting money, have en-
tered into this brokerage business. Men are se-
duced from insane hospitals and put into the
Ai my. Men are taken out of your jails charged
with crime, and in fact charged with crime and
put into jails in order to be taken out and put in
the Army. Men are enlisted, and then induced
to run away* and then enlisted again, and over
and over again, for the benefit of persons en-
gaged in filling up quotas, but not in filling our
armies. Men are drugged, aie intoxicated, and
men in a condition unfit to decide any thing are
put into our Aimy. More than all that, the
bounties promised them are taken from them.
Many a man has enlisted, and for whom has been
paid a bounty of several hundred dollars, some
as high as eight hundred or a thousand dollars,
and he has received but one hundred and fifty or
two hundred dollars of it.
The object of this measure was simply to cor-
rect these outrages of agents and substitute brok-
ers. I do not wish to strike the mass of people.
They have committed no offense. I do not wish
to reach the cases of men who put substitutes in
the Army for themselves properly. I do not be-
lieve that this act, if it should pass in the form in I
which we propose it, would ever be used to the |
wrong of anybody. It is possible that it might
be; and I would be willing to confine it entirely
to those pfofessional substitute brokers or recruit-
ing agents, men who are engaged in the business;
and therefore I would consent readily to strike
out the words " or other person," and confine it
to a class of men that have come to be mere
professional men. I understand that these sub-
stitute brokers in the city of New York have a
brokers' board and have regular meetings, where
they consult together and decide upon this mas-
ter, in humble imitation of the brokers' board in
Wall street; and I suppose they regulate the price
of men very much as the brokers of Wall street
regulate the price of gold and stocks.
This provision has been sanctioned by some
ofliceis who have had large experience in raising
men, men who have seen these outrages, and I
have brought it forward simply to protect the
mass of our people, the unwaryj who are misled,
against a class of professional men who are stirn^
ulated to commit these outrages by these enor-
mous bounties that have been offered for men in
the service. I should be willing to strike outthe
words " or other person" and confine it to these
professional men. They are the men I want to
reach. As to taking them before the common
tnbunals of the country and convicting them, I
have no idea that that would amount to anything,
I want something or other that will reach the case
and do justice, practical, substantial justice, to
these men and to our people. I therefore will be
willing to assent to this modification.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire what is
the motion now pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To strike out the
words "or other persons" in the second line of
the third section of the amendment reported by
the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not subject to further
amendment now, I understand?
Th<F!MCE PRESIDENT. Not at present.
Mr. CONNESS. If the words " or other per-
son5' should be stricken out you would have to
prove, before you could get a conviction, that the
pai ty offending was an agent or substitute broker;
you would have to fix a technical designation and
employment to him; and I question very much
whether that could be done in one case out of
every fifty who would offend, as described by the
chairman, and as is known to every person m
the country who has paid attention to this class
of offenses. I was going to offer an amendment,
but as it is not now m order I will simply content
myself by calling attention to the chango I prefer,
and which I think will obviate the objections
made by the Senator from New Hampshire, and
others. It is to insert after the word " who," in
line two, the words " for pay or profit," so that
the section thus amended would read:
"That any lecruitmg agent, substitute bioker,or other
pert-on, who for pay or profit shall enliht or cause to be
enlisted,'' &e.
Thus, if I furnished a substitute, I should be
simply doing what the law gave me a right to do,
not for pay or profit, but to furnish a soldier, and
you would not be required in every case to estab-
lish by proof the character of a technical—wha\
shall i say?—scoundrel, upon me before I could
be convicted. If the other amendment should be
withdrawn I will offer this. If not, I will offer it
afterward.
Mr. HALE. I am content to withdraw my
amendment, and take the one proposed by the
Senator from California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ThcSenator from
New Hampshire withdraws his amendment, and
the question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from California, to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise merely to inquire of
my friend from California whether he thinks
his amendment as now worded would cover that
very sorrowful ease presented to us by the elo-
quent Senator from New Hampshire—the case of
a person who himself having been drafted should
present to the proper recruiting officer a person
who afterward should turn out to be drunk at
the time of enlistment, or insane ? Would it cover
tho case of a man who has been himself drafted?
Let me read it:
" That any recruiting agent, substitute broker, oi other
person, who for pay or profit shall," &c.
Does the person who has himself been drafted
