1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
that is his lovo of country! And he says no pro-
vost marshal arrested him. Why, sir, those
who "crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
where thrift may follow fawning" are nev«r ar-
rested.
Mr. CONNESS rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois give way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. When I am through the
Senator can talk, if he wishes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He need not expect to be
nrrested; oh no, sir! But the liberty he talks of
is the liberty of the highwayman. Disregard
law! Howisheany bettertlmn the brigand who
meets you at night and calls upon you to stand
and deliver? No regard for law; he cares noth-
ing for the Constitution, so that he has a country,
and he talks of cowards and croakers! Sir, I am
not brave enough, thank God! I am not bold
enough, to walk up to that stand and lay my hand
upon the words of Eternal Life and promise, call-
ing God to witness, to maintain the Constitution,
and then say I care nothing for it! 1 am not bold
enough to make such a declaration. I hope I
never may be. Sir, if nothingelsc should restrain
us from treating with contempt the Constitution
of the country, the oath we have taken should
restrain us, the appeal we have made to the Su-
preme Being should withhold us, from such a dec-
laration. I say that I do care for the Constitu-
tion and for law and for liberty, and that I am
for preserving them all, and the country and the
Union also, for it is the Constitution and liberty
that make the Union worth preserving. Without
them a Union forced by arbitrary power,aUnion
such as is brought about by the heel of despot-
ism, is not the Union that [ am struggling for.
It is not the Union that the brave soldiers of the
Republic are fighting for. They go forth to bat-
tle for the purpose of maintaining the Govern-
ment their fathers founded, for the purpose of
maintaining the Constitution under which they
themselves have enjoyed freedom, and handing it
down for the protection of their posterity. It is
for this we are fighting,-and not simply for power,
or to try a man by a court-martial or a military
commission.
I have no disposition to prolong this debate. I
do not desire the bill to be lost, but I have felt it due
to myself, after the remarks made by the Senator
from California, to say thus much. In the re-
marks 1 made at the outset I made no allusion to
individual Senators. I never attack my asso-
ciates; I never make personal assaults upon any-
body. I have now simply repelled the assaults
of the mighty and brave Senator from California.
Mr. FARWELL. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] calls for the "question."
That is just what I want. I got up for that. If
Senators are ready to vote, I am ready to sit down.
Mr. CLARK. I appeal to the Senator from
Maine to let us try and get a vote.
Mr. FAR WELL. That is all I am up for, to
try to get a vote. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] stated that the law on the
books is just what this section is, and if that is
so, I do not believe it will call for an extra ses-
sion of Congress, for it will not make any differ-
ence whether this is passed or not.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
Mr. CONNESS. At the desire of Senators I
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let it be read. |
The Secretary. After the word " persons" j
in line four of the section, it is proposed to insert !
the words " employed, drafted, enlisted, or."
Mr.TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Secretary commenced the call of the roll,
and Mr. Anthony answerer! when his name was
called.
Mr. GRIMES. Although I shall vote to strike
out the whole section, I shall vote for this amend-
ment as an improvement on the proposition
Mr. ANTHONY. I object to ilebate: 'a re-
sponse 1ms been made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. I have answered to my
name. Debate is out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not recognize the Senator.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not large enough
to be recognized well, I suppose, but I sought to
be recognized, and I am on the floor. I have my
rights, and I will demand them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it aright?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By a rule of
the Senate, debate is out of order after the call of
the roll has commenced and a response has been
made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I addressed the Chair
three times before the call commenced.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 call the Senator to order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I insist on the enforcement
of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not recognize the Senator from California, and
did not hear him address the Chair before the call
commenced. The call commenced and the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island responded before the
Chair heard the Senator from California. Under
these circumstances the Chair thinks the Senator
from California is too late. The call will pro-
Mr. McDOUGALL. I addressed the Chair
before the call commenced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairdoes
not doubt the fact, but simply asserts that he did
not hear the Senator. The call will proceed.
The Secretary continued, and concluded the call
of the roll; and the result was—yeas 25, nays 4;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buokalew, Clark, Cowan, Da-
vis, Farwcll. Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, McDou^all, Morgan, Morrill, Ne«mith,
rowel!, Ramsey, Riddle, Spragtie, Sumner, Tiinnbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Mesf-rs.Conness, Howard, Nye. and Stewart—4.
AiiSENT—.Messrs. Brown, Carhle, Chandler, Coilamer,
-Dixon, Uoolittle, Foot, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Howe, Lane of Kansas, Poincroy, Richardson, Sanlsbury,
Sherman, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wright—21.
So the amendment of Mr. Trumbull was
agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Lane, of Indiana, to strike out the section as
amended,
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 20, nays 14; as follows;
YE AS—.Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Farwell, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan. Morrill,Nye, Ramsey, Stewart,
Silmner, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Biickalew, Cowan, Davis, Hale, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, McDougali, Nesiimh, Powell, Kiddle,
Spiasjlie, Trmnbnll, Van Winkle, and YVade—14.
AtiSEN'T—Messrs. Carlile, Collainer, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot. Hardin?, Harris. Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Fome-
roy, Richardson, Saulsbury, Sherman. Ten Eyck, Willey,
and Wright—1G.
So the motion to strike out prevailed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOOSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg; and
A bill (S. No. 380) supplemental to the act ap-
proved July 1,1864, "for the disposal of coal
lands and of town property on the public domain."
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R. No.
401) amendatory of the organic act of Washing-
ton Territory, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No 795)
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties upon
foreign importations.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 370) declaring and defining the meaning of
the law in regard to officers'servants.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the i
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution (U. R.
No. 89) directing inquiry into the condition of
the Indian tribes, and their treatment by lh^civil
and military authorities.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Ilepreseniatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 761) extending the time
for the completion of certain land-grant railroads
in the States of Minnesota and Iowa, and for other
purposes; which was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) directing
inquiry into the condition of the Indian tribes, anil
their treatment by the civil and military authori-
ties, submitted the following report:
The ooumutt.ee of conference on the disagreeing voles of
the two Ilou es on the joint resolution (ri. K. N\>. fel>) di-
rfctuigmquiry into the condition of the Indian tribes, ami
their treatment by the civil and military authorities, having
met, alter full and tree eonferenec have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their retpectm: Hou&es as
follows:
That the House recede from its first and second amend-
ments.
That the Senate concur in the third amendment of the
House.
JAMES R. DOOLTTTLE,
B. GRATZ DltoWN,
JAMES HARLAN,
Managers on the yarl of the Senate.
WILLIAM VVINDUM,
PHILIP JOHNSON,
Managers on the jxtrt of the House.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is a bill on the
table from the House of Representatives which I
desire to have taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.No.
401) amendatory of the organic act of Washing-
ton Territory, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That bill might just as
well be passed now. It only allows biennial- in-
stead of annual sessions of the Legislature.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator ask that the bill be put on its passage?
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My object was to
have the bill referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories and examined and then ask the Senate to
pass upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been twice read cannot be proceeded with fur-
ther except by unanimous consent. If there be
no objection it will be referred to the Committee
on Territories.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HARRIS, from the third committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the first amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18G6, reported that, having met,
after full and free conference the committee had
been unable to agree.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Hou«e of Representa-
tives to its firbt amendment to the s>aid bill.
CI VIL_ APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 786) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30ih of June, 1866, and for other pur-
poses, is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BUCICALEW. I offer the following
amendment to come in under the miscellaneous
head, page 14, second item:
For improvement* m the Senate wing of the Capitol
proposed in tin* report of the joint select committee of the
two Houm*-; upon tho improvement of the iIaM of Con-
gress, made at the pie^eut ^ssion, exctUfive ol miextenor
atuc, Urn v|U>3 0f glials,-, 23} „r *.0 thereof as may
be necessity, fs hereby appropiiat«'d, the said improve-
ments to be under the management and tliieetion ot Charles
F. Anderson, as aichiteet ami engineer upon plan", with
specifications and details to be approved by Dr. Thomas
Antiseli, <md executed under hi* supervision, and all n«-
ce-^nry coniraeih shall 1>«? made by the Commissioner of
