1865.
TIES CONGRESSIONAL £LO®R
Public Buildings, in conformity with law, and alt ac-
counts and expenditures therefor shall be settled and certi-
fied to llie Secretary of tlie Treasury for payment by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendmentto offer
from a majority of the Committee on Printing:
Jin dhe it further enacted. That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives lie, and
they are hereby, directed to procure from the surviving
publisher of the Annals and Debates of Congress, prior
to the year 1837, one copy of the same for each Senator,
Jlepresentative? and Delegate 111 the present Congress who
lias not heretofore been supplied therewith, and that said
copies be paid for out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, at a price per volume not exceed-
ing that heretofore paid by Congress for the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. From the Committee on For-
eign Relations I offer an amendment to come in
under the miscellaneous head; I will say that it
is in pursuance of estimates which I have received
from the Department of State:
For the pay of the United States commissioner, and for
the pay of the United States surveyor, and for incidental
expenses in the execution of the duty assigned to the joint
commission appointed under the first article of the reci-
procity treaty between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, from November 1,1865, to March 1,1866, $3 600.
For printing and completion of the final chart showing
the places leserved from the common liberty of fishing and
their limits, .$800.
The estimates are furnished by the Department
of State, and the Secretary, in his communication
to me, after stating them, concludes as follows:
" I have the honor to recommend that provision be made
therefor in the general apppropriation bill."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations:
For services of James G. Clarke, as acting chargS de
affaires at Brussels, from June 11,1857, to September 27,
1858, §6,483.
Mr. CLARK. I raise the point of order that
it is a private claim, and cannot be received.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 meet the point of order by
stating that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that to be decided by
the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
authorized under the rules to submit the question
of order.
Mr. SUMNER. And is that to be decided
without comment, without discussion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A questionof
order is not debatable ordinarily; but unless ob-
jection is made, the Chair will hear Senators.
Mr. CLARK. Let us have a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to say that in moving
this amendment I have simply followed the usage
of the Senate. I have here a communication from
the Department of State calling attention to the
case-
Mr. GRIMES. Have we any rules, Mr.
President, or not? If we have, I insist on their
enforcement upon the Senator from Massachu-
setts as well as upon others.
Mr. SUMNER. If I am violating any rule,
let it be enforced.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Chair to have
already decided that this question must be determ-
ined without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
so intimate, but that was a misapprehension; the
Senator from Massachusetts is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. This is the firsttime during
my experience in the Senate that any such rule
has been invoked.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the case; will the
Senator state ?
Mr. SUMNER. Some years ago, Mr. Clarke,
a citizen of the United States, while an unpaid
attache at Brussels, was presented to the Govern-
' ment there as acting charge d'affaires by our
minister, who was about to go away. He con-
tinued in that capacity for the time mentioned in
the amendment, from June 11,1857, to Septem-
bers?, 1858, during which time he was in corre-
spondence with the Department and was recog-
nized as charge d'affaires. The Secretary of
State, writing to me under date of February 24,
only k few days ago, says:
" Fro In a reference to tile files of the Department it ap-
pears tlrai she statements in the ifteiYiorial, which is here-
with rethrfled, are entirely ehrrectj with the exception of a
slight Inaccuracy, which, in justice to the memorialist, it
is deemed proper to mention, namely, that his period of
service was extended to the 27ih instead of the 3d of Sep-
tember, 1858, tlie former being the date at which the suc-
cessor of Mr. Seibels assumed the duties of the legation
at Brussels and on which Mr. Clarke relinquished them.
The Department has heretofore borne testimony to the
faithful and creditable manner in which the duties assigned
him by Mr. Seibels were performed by Mr. Clarke during
the entire period ofhis service, and his claim for compen-
sation as now presented would appear to be equitable and
entitled to the consideration of Congress."
In a subsequent letter, dated February 28, the
Secretary says:
" Pursuant to your oral request I have the hon-
close a precise statement of tile sum necessary 1
propriated for payment of the claim of Mr. James G.
for services as acung charge d'affaires at Brussels.'
Inclosed in this communication is a memo-
randum of the amount which is specified in the
amendment. In moving this on an appropriation
bill 1 but follow the usage of this body. Here is
an obligation of the United States toward one of
its servants abroad which has not yet been re-
deemed. It is simply a question of justice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A question of time.
Mr. SUMNER. Originally a question of jus-
tice, and time also is in his favor, because he has
been kept out of this money for some time. He
ought not to have been. 1 hope there will be no
question about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the reception of the amendment under the 30th
rule, and the Senatedecided to receive theamend-
ment, there being, on a division—ayes 16, noes 19.
Mr. HALE. I shouldbe glad if the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations would
state at what time this service occurred.
Mr. SUMNER. From June 11, 1857, to Sep-
tember 27, 1858. .
Mr. HALE. I think it will be establishing a
very dangerous precedent. If 1 understood the
statement of the Senator this gentleman was an
unpaid attache.
Mr. SUMNER. He was an unpaid attache
when he was presented as charge.
Mr. HALE. Exactly. I know what that
means. When young gentlemen go abroad, it is
a great accommodation to them for the minister,
or charge, or diplomatic functionary to takethem
under his protection as unpaid attachSs, that is
to say, they do nothing and receive no pay for it,
which I think is very well; but it gives social
position, and it is a very agreeable thing for a
young gentleman abroad. Then when the min-
ister is aboutto leave, he will presentone of these
young men at court and let him be an acting
charge,or somethingof thateort, to do nothing, but
to have the name of doing something. He is not
appointed by the Government, heis notappointetl
by the President or the Secretary of State, but he
is simply introduced by the retiring minister,
and according to this precedent he then becomffls
a minister so far as the pay is concerned just as
much as if he wasappointed by the Presidentand
confirmed by the Senate. 1 am opposed to letting
our ministers abroad have any such powerasthat.
They may have attaches without pay if they
please; but if by the mere ceremony of introduction
they are to make them ministers to be paid salaries,
we shall not know when we have a minister and
when we have not and where we have them.
Besides, I think the claim is a little stale. It ori-
ginated in 1857, and ihis is 1865 if the almanac
speaks the truth. 1 think if this man has let it
lie for eight years we may as well let it lie for eight
years longer, and at the end of sixteen years it
will be time enough to bring it up again.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator entirely misap-
prehends the character of this claim. He was an
unpaid attache, to be sure, but when he was pre-
sented as charge d'affaires and recognized by the
Government herein Washington, then he became
entitled to the pay of charge d'affaires according
to the usage of this Government. While he was
an unpaid attache he was perhaps as the Sena-
tor represents him; certainly he makes no claim
to pay, and that grade, the Senator knows very
well, is not known to our law, but the grade of
charg6 is known to our law, and the minister
when he left was bound according to the usage
of his position to place his legation in competent
hands. He selected this gentleman, who was then
at Brussels, for the purpose. The Government
here at Washington recognized him in the place.
continued in relations with htim as chargfi d'af-
faires for the space of time mentioned ill the
amendment, corresponded with him. The amount
is $6,483. They continued in these relations
with him from June 11,1857,to September 27,
1858.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did he not continue to oc-
cupy the house of the legation ?
Mr. SUMNER. He kept a house for the lega-
tion himself, and was at extraordinary expense
which as a private citizen he would not have as*
sumed. '
CLARK. I desire to ask the Senator from
■ssachusetts why it is that he did not get his
j before? Why did they not pay him at tlie
time?
Mr. SUMNER. Because they said he did not
come under the statute, and that is the very reason
the case is presented now.
Mr. CLARK. It is the very case that makes
a private claim. ;
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether he thinks it at all likely
that an appointee of Franklin Pierce would go
through the administration of James Buchanan,
with the Treasury plethoric, with so much money
that they did not know what to do with it, ana
hisclaim never be paid,and thatnov there should
be discovered so much due him when we are poor
and borrowing money by the million.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Michir
gan knew this gentleman he would not ask the;
question. The gentleman is as much a patriot
as the Senator himself.
Mr. GRIMES. Whoishe?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Clarke. He is from
New Hampshire. He is now in Washington,and
has been here the great part of this winter, not
with any purpose of forcing this claim, but he
has connections in the Army, serving the country
loyally and faithfully. He himself is a modest
gentleman, and he has only recently been encour-
aged to present this claim for services.
Mr.GRIMES. Who encouraged him?
Mr. SUMNER. Senators smile; they say they
cannot help it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator remarked that he
was encouraged by friends to present this claim,
as if a man needed encouragement to present &
claim!
Mr. SUMNER. Because he was a modest gen-
tleman. I ask my friend from IoWa, is that any
reason why the Government should not pay its
debts ? I carry you back to the precise question,
was there not an obligation on the part of our
Governmenteto pay him for these services?
Mr. JOHNSON. If it was due then, it is due
now.
Mr. SUMNER. I say it was due then, tfnd
therefore it is due now.
Mr. HALE. I am more and more convinced
that this claim ought not to be paid. I recollect
once being in a court in New Hampshire when
criminals were brought up;a fellow by the nartii
of Smith was arraigned, and Some one remarked
to Judge Smith who was on the bench, " How
is it that so many of these rascals that are brought
up are called Smith ?" " Why,"said the judge,
" the scoundrels steal an honest name to be triea
under; that is all." [Laughter.] This man
claiming to be a New Hampshire man seems to
me to be very much in the condition of the crim-
inal who stole an honest name to be tried under.
The fact that he comes from New Hampshire
would be presumptive evidence that the Senator
from Massachusetts speaks the truth when he
says he is a modest gentleman. [Laughter.] I
have no doubt of that. Still, I think that if our
Government recognized him as chargg, it would
have been the easiest thing in the world for the
President to have sen this name to the Senate; and
the fact that his name was not sent in, and that he
was not paid, shows that he was regarded by the
Government as an unpaid attache, and 1 hope he
will continue so.
Mr. CLARK. I find on inquiry that I know
this gentleman very well, and lest injury might
be done to him by the remarks that have been
made on one hand and another, I take occasion
to say that he is really a gentlemanofintelligeB.ee
and of good standing everywhere where h6 is
known. ' v
Mr. SUMNER. Above question in every
respect.
