1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4383
by the Government at the time as being good
service. He never has been paid for it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us pay for it.
Mr. SCJMNER. I say let us pay for it.
Mr. HARLAN. This is a very extraordinary
claim. ' It would appear from the developments
just now made by the chairman of the committee
that this Government had an officer under pay
during the whole period for which this claim is
set up. An agent that was really in this office
in point of law, but not in the discharge of the
dutiesof the office, ought to have been dismissed
by the Government. This is a proposition to
pay two gentlemen for service performed in the
game office for the same period of time. As it
seems to me, this is not a time in the history of
the Government when we can afford to pay for a
double set of officers. Such a precedent,! think,
would ho a very dangerous one to follow.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the precedent we follow
every day. It is the precedent we are following
now in regard to Mr. Koerner of Illinois, and
Mr.Perry, who is nowatMadrid. It is the pre-
cedent of the Department; it is the precedent of
the country.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 9.
Mr.SUMNER. I have one more amendment
to move from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to come in as an additional section at the end of
the bill:
•And be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act
to carry into effect the provisions of the treaties between
the United States and China, Japan, Siam, PeMa, and other
countues, giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consulsor other lunctmnaries of the United State?: in those
countries, and for other put poses, approved Jane 22, 18G0,
shall extend to Egypt; and the con>ul general at Alexan-
dria *hali iiave the powers provided by section twenty-two
of such act for the consul gcner.il or consul residing at the
capita! of a country where tiiere is no minister.
This amendment has been recommended by the
Department of State, and is now lecommended
by the Committee on Foreign Relations. There
is no money in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
•And be U fHither enacted, That to reimburse the institu-
tions and individuals who advanced the money to pay the
Pennsylvania, soldiers who were called out by the piocla-
mations of the President of the United States and the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania to repel the invasion of Maryland
and Pennsylvania by the rebel forces under General Lee in
the summer of 1863, nod who were in the actual service of
the United States, the sum of $700,000, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated, is hereby ap-
propriated, to be paid to the Govemoi of Pennsylvania hi
tru*t for the above-mentioned purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that come from a com-
mittee?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir. I will state that
these troops were called out on the pledge of the
President that they should be paid. The amounts
have been settled and audited and the sum fixed
exactly, $671,476 43; and the President, in pur-
suance ot his pledges for that purpose, has in-
dorsed upon the audit the following:
"I fully indorse the within statement and recommend-
ation, and shall be glad if Congress shall see fit to act
promptly in the case. A. LINCOLN."
Mr. CLARK. The State of New Hampshire,
the other day, had a claim against the United
States for a little over half a million dollars, and
the Governor of the State was here endeavoring
to get from the War Department a settlement of
the account. The War Department replied to
him that they could not furnish the funds to pay
any State now, for the soldiers in the field were
suffering, and what money they had must go to
pay the soldiers; and the Secretary of War said
he would postpone any and every State until they
were paid. The Governor then went to thePres-
ident of the United States and had a conversation
with him, and afterward came to me and requested
me to go and see the President. 1 did so; and the
President said to me, This is the question, Mr.
Clark: we owe your State so many hundred thou-
sand dollars, and we owe the soldiers; we have
money only to pay one; which will you take-?"
" Pay the soldiers, Mr. President," said I, " and
let my State wait."
Mr. COWAN. I am sorry I cannot imitate
the excessive magnanimity of the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. It is refreshing in-
deed, that, coming from that quarter, he can be
so excessively liberal at this present speaking. I
have only to say that I have not been mstructed
by the Governor of Pennsylvania, or the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, or the patriotic and lib-
eral gentlemen and institutions who advanced this
money to the country in that emergency, to be so
liberal and large-heat u>d and large-handed as my
honorable fi ieml from New Hampshire. 1 should
be glad if they would permit me to do it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 was not instructed by the
Governor or anybody else. I did it of my own
free will, as I wish the Senator would.
Mr. COWAN. I do not choose to take the
responsibility of my own free will. Perhaps it
is from some defect in my organization, but I
would not choose to do that. I think this is a
just claim; I think it is one which the faith of the
Government is pledged to repay. 1 do not say
but what Pennsylvania can do without the money
as well as the State of New Hampshire. 1 hope
she can; and 1 trust she will never thrust her
claim in between the soldiers and their pay. I
have no doubt she will withhold as long as any-
body else will; but she wants the claim recog-
nized here in such a shape as that it may at some
time hereafter be paid. I wish to read the fol-
lowing document, emanating from the War De-
partment, and dated "January 4, 1864," and ad-
dressed to " Hon. Thaddcus Stevens, chairman
< f the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives:"
" Sir : The Department has this day, received returns of
the amount roquned for the payment of the militia called
out for the defence of the State of Pennsylvania on the 26th
da^ of June, 1863, against the Invasion by the rebel ihrces
und«<r command of General Lee. There being no appro-
priation out of which these payments could he made at the
time they were required,paumtic citizens of Philadelphia
advanced the 11101103 , and it i-< pioper that they .should be
reimbur?.ed without delay. I would lespectlully recom
mend, therefore, that an immediate appropriation lor that
purpose he made. A copy of a letter ol the Second Auditor
of the Treasury i-* heiewith communicated, showing the
amount of the claims audited by him to be $671,476 43.
It is supposed that $700,000 will cover the whole amount
of the^e claim*.
""" 1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, youi obedient
servant,
« EDWIN M. STANTON,
" Secretary oj War."
Upon that is indorsed the recommendation of
the President, which I have read, which 1 think
establishes beyond all question that in order to
carry out the engagements made by the Execu-
tive of this Government, this appropiiatton ought
to be made and paid in this way. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ruckalew, Cowan, Davis, DoohtUe,
Hale, IJendcisou, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Morgan, Moruli,Spiague, Sumner,Trumbull,
and Willey—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Claik, Connes*,
Farwell. Foster,Giimes., Harlan, Howard, Riddle, Stewart,
and Wilson—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Collamcr, Dixon,
Foot, Harding," Harris, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith,
Nye, Pomeroy. Powell, Ram-ev, Richaidf>on, Saulsbuiv,
Sheiinan,Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,and
Wiiglit—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 472) to provide for the construc-
tion of certain wagon roads in the Territories of
Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to purchase
mail pouches or boxes of Marshall Smith's patent
fo# the postal service, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 702) in relation to preemp-
tion rights in Colorado Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 401) amendatory of the or-
ganic act of Washington Territory; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 182) for the re-
lief of Samuel Coleman, heir-at-law of William
Dean Coleman, deceased.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 600)
for the better organization of the subsistence de-
partment.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House ( H. R. No.
558) to authorize the issuing of patents for cer-
tain lands in the town of Stockuridge, State of
Wisconsin, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the resolution
of the Senate requesting the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States to transmit to the Executives of the
several States the amendment proposed by Con-
gress to the Constitution of the United States re-
specting the extinction of slavery therein.
' The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution of the
House (H. R. No. 139) of thanks to Ma jor Gen-
eral George H. Thomas and the army under his
command.
THANKS TO MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The civil appropriation bill is now
before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take a
recess until nine o'clock. It is very evident that
we arc not going to pass this bill. Everything is
being piled upon it so that in the end nobody
will be in favor of it.
Mr. CLARK. I have one or two little bills
that 1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have one or two amend-
ments fo offer to the bill under consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to act on the con-
ference report that I submitted some time since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that there are several House bills on
the desk which will be disposed ol by permission
of the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution of the House (H.
R. No. 139) of thanks to Major General George
H. Thomas and the aimy under his command,
disagreed to bv the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate recede
from its amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that it is
proper, alter the Senate have amended the reso-
lution so as to give th'e thanks of Congress to
Admiral Lee, to strike it out. It would be dis-
courteous. 1 think I would rather let the whole
thing go.
Mr. CLARK. What is the question?
Mr. JOHNSON. The House of Representa-
tives passed a resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to General Thomas, and when it came
to the Senate, the Senate amended it by including
in it a vote of thanks to Admiral Lee. The
House disagreed to that amendment. What I
suggested was, that if we concur in that disagree-
ment, it may perhaps cast a reflection on Admiral
Lee, and I think that would be svrong.
Mr. CONNESS. I will suggest that there is
a very great difference between the effect of a vote
of thanks, as I understand it, to a general in our
Army and an officer in our naval service. As I
understand it, a vote of thanks to an officer in the
naval service entitles him to receive a grade of
promotion; but it is nol so with a general in the
Army. There is therefore a great impropriety
in combining the one with the other. I suggest
that we recede from the amendment that we made,
and then let the resolution pass in favor of a
worthy and distinguished officer. I cannot con-
ceive how by doing that we shall in any way cast
a reflection on Admiral Lee. It will be remem-
bered by Senatots who have not forgotten the
discussion that took place on the subject, or the
papers read, that General Thomas testified to the
efficient services which Admiral Lee had fur-
nished on the occasion referred to. Of course he
did. He was there for that puipose. 1 merely
ro.se to call attention to this fact.
Mr. CLARK. Itmay be a little embarrassing
to us that Admiral Lee is connected in this way
with General Thomas, but I submit to Senators
what would Admiral Lee, gallant sailor as he is,
wish to have done if he knew the condition of
affairs here now; whether he would wish by this
delay on his own account that the thanks of the
country should not be given to General Thomas.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I suggest that this subject
lie over until the Senator from Missouii, [Mr.
Brown,] who offered the amendment, may be in
the Senate.
