1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr, CHANDLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the miscellaneous appropriation bill. I
have been trying for four hours to get the ear of
the Chan, and I hope Jiq will now receive my
motion. I *>m directed by the Committee on
Commerce to report an amendment to the bill
before the Senate, and I asic that it may be acted
upon.
CIYIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If therebe no
objection the resolution from the House will be
• laid aside, and the Senate will resume the consid-
eration of House bill No. 786,the civil appropri-
ation,bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now offer the following1
amendment as a new section:
Jitul be it further enacted, That the sum of $88,541 be,
ami the same is hereby, appropnated out of any money in
the Treasury nor otherwise appropriated, to be expended
tinder the direction of the Secretary of War, for the con-
struction ot a passage into a harbor of refuge at Frankfort,
on Lake Michigan, in the State of Michigan.
This is a very important work', and I {rust the
amendment will be agreed to. It was the only
exception made by the Committee on Commerce
during this session, and they were induced to do
**o on account of the urgency of the case and the
importance of the woik. The losses during the
past summer for the want of this harbor of refuge
were four or iiv<? times greater than will be tne
whole expense of making this work. The com-
mittee made an exception in this case, and directed
me to offer this amendment, which I hope will be
adopted.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me that this bill is
becoming a " harbor of refuge" for all sorts of
amendments. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I now move fo take up the
repoi t of the committee of conference,
Mr, SHERM AN. Let us pass this bill.
Mr. WILSON. We cannot do it. I have
given way hour after hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is too late now,
but still I think we had better pass the bill and
get rid of it.
_ Mr, COWAN. We cannot pass it for a long
time yet.
JVIr. SHERMAN. If anybody wants to offer
amendments let them be introduced and put on
the bill, I want to try to save enough to carry
on the light-houses and take caie of the public
grounds; and that is ail there will be saved of the
bill at any rate. Scnatois might as well put on
all their amendments and let us pas3 the bj}L
Mr. WILSON. 1 will give way and see if
we can pass the bill; but I know it is not £oins:
through.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to propose the following
amendment: °
For the erection of fog signals at Point Judith, Rhode
Island, Execution Hocks, and Ilart Island, New York,
§20,000.
The Department desire this appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have another amendment
of the same character:
For the establishment of fog signal? at Castle Hill. ea«t
side of entrance to Newport, KJjode IsJand, and at Nayat
Point, Rhode Island, $5,000.
I shall detain the Senate but a moment on this
proposition. AH the commerce of New England
and the southern portion of New York with New
England, and all the travel, go by way of the
Sound in summer and winter; and every wjnter
there are lives lostand property destroyed for the
want of these signals. The other day two hun-
dred people narrowly escaped destruction by one
of these packets running ashore. Thousands of :
people pass this point annually, and millions of j
oollars worth of property. All the trade of New |
ling and, all the commercial business of New
Lngland, depend upon this safe transit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. SPRAGLE. Now I wish to reconsider
the vote rejecting the other amendment that I
ottered. [••Oh, no."}
The PRESS!DING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
r at .'°'dd i l3d, vote wkh lbe majority 
ill. oPKA&UE. I did not; butl hope some
gentleman who did will move to reconsider
little time to explain this matter if we had time to
consider it, but at this stage of the session 1 shall
occupy but a few minutes upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator from
Maine will give way 1 will make a motion to re-
consider.
Mr. FARWELL. I do not propose to detain
the Senate. I think I have not been very troub-
lesome this winter. Butl would like to say right
here and now that it is a very pernicious kind of
legislation thatyou have established here in Wash-
ington. They would not tolerate it down in Au-
gusta where I have been in the habitof legislating.
[Laughter.] Important measures, measures vital
to the interests of the country, measures that
need some time for discussion and explanation
from gentlemen who understand them fully, are
brought in here at five o'clock in the morning of
the 4th of March, when this is no Congress ataii.
I say this is a pernicious system of legislation;
and as my time is out I wish to make my closing
speech right here; and that is, to say to gentle-
men who are reelected or whose terms have not
expired that I do hope they will reform this kind
of legislation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the permission of
the Senator I will offer an amendment upon which
he can conclude his speech. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to report the
following amendment, to carry into effect the
fourth article of the treaty with Great Britain:
And he it further enacted, That for the purpose of exe-
cuting the fourth article of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, concluded at Washington on the
9th of Ausust, 18^2. the Secretary of the Tteasury be,and
lie is hereby, directed to pay, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropnated, to the State of Massachu-
setts the sum of $3*2.686, and to the State of Maine the
sum or §113.908, being at tiie rate of 25 per acre for
the amount of the public lands of those two States in the
possession ot the cla&st-s of persons described in said fourth
article of said treaty, as ascertained by a jomtcommission
instituted by Massachusetts and Maine in 1843, and by a
commission instituted by Maine in 1854; the said monSf
to be paid as soon a? the State of Maine shall, bv resolu-
tions of the Legislature thereof, agree to quiet, by good
and sufficient releases, all the occupants of the public
lands of Massachusetts and Maine, whether hnldmgunder
grants from New Brun.-wick, or holding by posse-sory or
equitable possessory titles, according to the leports of the
aloresaid commissions, so far as they have not been al-
ready quieted by such reloads; and shall further under-
take, at its own expense, to quiet, in like manner, any
oilier possessory rights under said fouith article ot said
treaty which may hereafter be discovered to exist upon the
public lands of said State of Maine: Provided* That the
Secretary of the Treasury may, at his discretion, make
the payments directed bv this section in any of the six per
cent, securities of the United States which are or may
be authorized by law.
Mr, FARWELL. I might just as well finish
tho spech that I began, but gave way to my friend
from Wisconsin, upon this amendment as any
other; and it further illustrates just what I had
been saying and what I was about to say. Here
measure of justice long delayed. It is
claim, a good claim, a valid claim against the
United States Government by the Slates of Maine
and Massachusetts for land belonging to them
which was given up under the Ashburfon treaty
twenty years ago. We have a long distance to
travel from the more settled portions of our State
to the British provinces, to the line right where
the war took place which led to the treaty by
which we surrendered so much of our territory.
a he Legislature of Maine has chartered a rail-
roa<* t0 S° "P into that country, a road that
would be very much needed, especially if there
j should ever be a collision between this country
j and Great Britain,forthe defenseof that frontier.
| his absolutely necessary for the defense of that
i frontier. I he State of Maine has, by a resolu-
j tion of the Legislature, agreed to contribute this
claim with some four or five hundred thousand
1; dollars more from the treasury of the State to make
|j this railroad; and I hold that it would be no more
i; than right and just for the General Government
i1 to contribute nn equal amount from the Treas-
1 ury as a military necessity for the protection of
j that frontier. It would be good policy on the part
i of the General Government to make or to assist
; m making a railroad up there if it were done di-
, rectly from the national Treasury; but all that is
; asiffcd of them and all that will be asked of the
1 General Governments to pay thisadmuted claim,
this just claim, and this road will probably be
. . -i think the Senate could « li i"*'1''' "nCi Sy8tem °f railroad3
hi.. FARWELL I should like i t t? ■ "r  cuun,ry Wlth the system of railroads in the
rAitvvi^. I should like to take some k Bntah provinces where they have some five or
six hundred miles already completed. I will
guaranty that there is not n man in ihe State of
Maine who will ever ask tin; United States Gov-
ernment to contribute anything toward this road
if they will only pay this just claim; and there is
not a Senator here but what knows it is a jnst
claim. It is aclaim that has been admitted. We
surrendered up, for the sake of peace, some of the
best territory in our Sute. Now, just put this
amendment on this bill, and that is all we ask.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 have been requested by the
Delegate from Nebraska to call attention to an
amendment adopted m the early consideration of
this bill striking out section four. 1 move to re-
consider the vote by which the section was stricken
out; and 1 ask for the reading of the section.
Mr.CLARK. I suggest to the Senator to wait
until the bill is reported to the Senate, and take
the question then.
Mr. CONN ESS. You may want to act on all
the amendments together then.
Mr.CLARK. No; I am going to except some.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of the
section; it is a very short one; and I ask the at-
tention of the Senate to it while it is being read.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. 4. JJndbe it further enacferf, That the sum of $20,000,
appropriated at the present session of Congress to defray
the legi.-lative expenses of the Territory of Nebraska lor
the fiscal year ending the 30th dav of June, 1866, shall and
may be appropriated (or and applied, it the Governor ol said
Territory «.hall so elect, to the pajment of the territorial
militia called into service by the Governor of said Terri-
tory to protect the frontier settlements against the depre-
dations of Indians, in the fall and w inter of the year 1864 ;
which mm *duill be di>bnr>ed ami paid by the Governor of
the Teiritory, who shall take vouchers'therefor; ami no
other or further sum of money shall be appropriated to de-
fray the legislative expenses for the year aforesaid. And
the Governor as aforesaid shall, within one year, make a
detailed report of his action hereon to the Secretary of the
Interior, setting forth theseveial sums paid, and the names
of the per&ons to whom paid, under the provisions of this
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is, will the Senate
reconsider the vote striking out this section?
Mr. CONN ESS. I wish simply to say now,
in addition, that they are willing to relinquish a
session of their Legislature so as to have the op-
portunity of applying this appropriation to the
paymentof their soldiers. I think it ought to be
conceded to them. I hope the Senate will recon-
sider the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not kn ow but that the
Senate may agree to this motion, and I theiefore
feel it my duty to take a little time to explain it.
This is substantially a proposition to pay to the
Governor of that Territory £20,000; to withdraw
the distribution of that money from the account-
ing officers of the Treasury; to do it in an indirect
way, and to do that which both Houses have by
vote refused to do. It is a proposition to divert
the appropriation to pay the expenses of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory to a different
purpose, and to allow the money to be paid out
by the Governor without rendering anything but
simply an account, after he has paid the money, to
the Treasury Department. Itisa vicious system
oflegislation, and I trusttheSenate will notgratify
this Delegate from Nebraska by passing such a
proposition. The Committee on Finance r^ad it
and ohjpcted to it. If an appropriation of §20,000
is indispensably necessary in Nebraska for this
purpose, let us vote for it directly, but do not let
us do it in this indirect way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was not agreed to.
I he bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be m
order to move amendments after the amendments
made in committee have been acted upon. The
first question \Vill be, will the Senate concur in
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole ;
Mr, SHERMAN, Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays. If the Senate concur in
those amendments and send the bill back to the
House at tins period of the session, it will be
impossible to pass the bill. 1 think the better
way would be for us to abandon and drop all the
} amendments to the bill except tho amendments
i that have been reported by the Committee on
