1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to con-
sent to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Presiding Officer
to put the question on the amendment striking
out that appropriation—it is not necessary to read
it—and we wiii disagree to it,
Mr. GRIMES, i simuld like to know where
the Seekonk nver is. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it in Rhode Island?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. How long is it? Four hun-
dred yards? [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. It is longer than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is any
such river. [Laughter.] It is not in the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, it is in the State.
The amendment is to stiike outthe appropriation
for placing; buoys in the Seekonk river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator recollect where it is in the bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot recollect, because it
is not in the printed bill.
The PRESID1NGOFFICER. The Chair will
put the question without having the amendment
read, unless it is insisted upon by some member.
The question is on concurring in an amendment
of the committee striking out an appropriation of
§1,000 for placing buoys m the Seekonk river.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators who
have had amendments excepted will please to
state them, so that the question may be taken
upon them.
Mr. POWELL. I desired a separate vote on
the amendment striking out the section in the bill
forbidding the trial of any persons, except those
engaged in the Army or Navy or rebel spies, by
military courts; and on that 1 wish to be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. J think the Senate under-
stand ihat amendment. It is the section that pro-
vides i hut only such persons as are in the military
or naval service or rebel spies shall be tried by
courts-martial or military commissions.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator from Ken-
tucky desne to address the Senate on the section
of the biil that was stricken out m committee?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
MILLTAUY SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. Before that, I desire to call up
the report of the committee of conference on the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) declaring and
defining the meaning of the law m regard to offi-
cers' servants.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be taken up if there be no objection, it has
already been read and the sections explained.
The question is", will the Senate concur m the
report of the committee of conference?
The report was concurred in.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to pass a little biil from the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until the civil bill
is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
received without the unanimous consent of the
Senate, and objection is made.
Mr. BROWN. There is a resolution on the table
with a message from the House announcing that
the House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to it. As I moved the amendment in the
Senate I desire to take up that resolution in order
that the Senate may recede from its amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is m order, I hope we
shall proceed with the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill. If Senators want to kill that bill, let us
lay it on the table. I am inclined to vote against
it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The biH be-
foie the Senate, being House bill No. 786, the
civil appropriation bill, will be proceeded with,
unless by unanimousconsent itis laid aside. Are
there any other amendments, except the one
named by the Senator from Kentucky, upon which
Senators desire a separate vote?
Mi. SiEWAR1. I desire to offer a short
resolution.
Mi. SB ERMAN. I object. I do not consent
to anything until we get a vote on this bill.
Mi. GRIMES. I ask for avote on concurring
in all (he other amendments exceptthe one named.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have been voted on.
Mr. GRIMES. After awhile somebody will
come in and claim that they were out for a mo-
ment and ask for a vote on some of these very
amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment excepted by the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. CONNESS. It is stated that there are a
few other amendments unacted upon, and there
is a wish that the question should be taken on all
the pending amendments but the one named by
the Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
asked if there was any amendment upon which
any Senator wished to vote, and the Chair heard
no response.
Air. CONNESS. They will be considered,
then, as adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As concurred
in, unless some Senator asks a separate vote on
any other amendment not voted upon. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment indicated by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. Ail I have to say is that the
Senate have put everything into this bill that
ought not to be put into it, and I want something
m it for the public liberties, and I therefore de-
mand the yeas and nays on the amendment. That
is my speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concuirmgin the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole to strike out the eigh-
teenth section of the bill, and on that question the
yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony. Brown. Chandler. Clark.Con-
ness., Doohttie, Fsuwell, Foster, Grime*, Harlan, Harris,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas. Worsan, Aloirill. Nye,
Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, VViJkm&on, and Wil-
son—23.
NAYS —Messrs Buckalew, Cowan. Hendricks, John-
son. MeDougall. Ne«tnith, Powell, Riddle. Sprague, Trum-
bull. Van Winkle. Wade, and Wiliey—13.
ABSENT — ftles.xn*. Garble, C'olhimer, Davis, Dixon,
Foot, Hale, [larding. Hender-on. Howard, Howe. l'oinc-
roy, IliehauUon, Sauhbmy, Ten Eyck, and Wright—15.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i desire to take avote in
the Senate on this Maine question. I will simply
say that by the Ashburton treaty Maine sui ren-
dered to Great Butain five thousand square miles,
or three million two hundred and seven thou-
sand six hundred and eighty acres of land, and
below the line by which she was circumscribed
the British Government had given claims to set-
tlers to a large amount. This amount is honestly
due to those States, Maine and Massachusetts
owning the claims together. There is no doubt
about it by all persons who ever examined the
question. I think it is a claim that ought to be
paid, and it ought to have been paid a long; time
ago. I have no speech to make upon it
Mr. POWELL. I think there are $30,000,000
due to the State of Kentucky, and we cannot get
even a commission to audit them; we cannot even
get a law to authorize them to be audited, much
less paid. I think we had better first pay some
of our modern debts. This is a proposition to
pay for debts far beyond the statute of limita-
tions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that it is unne-
cessary to read the amendment. It has been once
read. I only desire a vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to have the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have only to say in re-
gard to this claim that it has been up frequently
when there was ample time to consider it, and
always voted down.
Mr. SOMNER. It was only up once before,
and then was recognized to be a good claim.
Mi-. GRIMES. JMobody voted for it.
Mr. SUMNER. A great many.
Mr. GRIMES. Very few.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cmvan, Doolittle, Farwoll, Foster, Har-
ris, Hemirick-.. Howard. L,ino ol Indiana, Lane of Kan.-as
Mcl oii".ill, Morrill, Nje, Raniaej, Sumner, Wade, and
vv ll^oii—16.
NAY8—Messrs. Aiitl'onv. Brown. Buikalew, Chandler,
Clark, (Jonnesv. Gumi's, IJ.irlan, Johnson. Morgan, Nes-
imth, I'owp!!, Ridd!<\ sherman, ^praime, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Vatt Winkle, and Wiliey—19. j
ABSENT—M« ?prs. Cnrllle, Coilainer, Drm-. Dixon
Foot, Hale, Harding, Hend'-r.-on, Hone, Ponn-roy. U<eh-
ard&on, Sauls-bur},Ten fiyck, WilkuiMm, ami Wright—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I excepted an amendment that
was made in committee,and upon which the Sen-
ate have not acted, on the mouon of the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] to strike out
the appropriation for the publication of the trans-
actions of the National Academy. I wish to have
that question acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. The vote was taken upon
that.
Mr. GRIMES. The vote was taken upon it a
second time.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I beg the Senator's par-
don.
Mr.SHERMAN. Yourattention was notdi-
rected to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have inquired at the desk,
and there is no record of it.
Mr. GRIMES. There were two or three ex-
ceptions made, which were neglected by those
who made them, and among them was the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts; and 1 called the atten-
tion of the Chair and the Senate to it, and nsked
what should be done with them, and the Chair
said they would be considered us concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
asked several times if any Senator wished a sep-
arate vote taken on any of the other amendments
which were proposed jn committee. The Chair
heard no response, and then said that the other
amendments made in committee would be consid-
ered as concui red in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I excepted the claim of
Mr. Clarke. 1 believe no vote has been taken on
that exception.
Mr. SUMNER. The first question is on the
amendment about the National Academy of Sci-
ences.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take the sense of the Senate again on these several
amendments. The question now i«, will the Sen-
ate concur in the vote taken in committee upon
the amendment named by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to strike out the following clause ;
For publishing the annual repoitofthe National Academy
of Sciences made to Congress, under the act unproved
Match 3, 1863, $6,000.
Mr. SUMNER. That conies from the House;
it has already been voted upon there; it has the-
sanction of the Finance Committee, and I see no
reason for striking it out.
The amendment was concurred in; there being,
on a division—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I excepted the claim of
Mr. Clarke, and I desiie to have a separate vote
j on that.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate has already voted
upon that twice, and i hope they will adhere to
! their former decision.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestionis,
will the Senate concur in the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Foreign Relations in regard
to the charge d'tiflairesat Brussels?
Mr. CHANDLER. On that question I cali for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of line two°hundred
and eighty-five:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay ro the
persons employed by the Committee on the Di>mct of Co-
lumbia under the joint resolution untitled "A resolution to
provide for a revision of the l.iwsoi the Di-trict <>i Colum-
bia," approved June 18, lt64. the complication nrmtdrd
by said resolution, $3 out), or much thereof as ni.tv be
necessary; and the authority of said joint res.dmina i*
hereby extended loranddunngthe Tinny -Ninth Congrecs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have an
explanation of ihat amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, i will explain it. By a joint
resolution of Congress, passed at the last'session,
the Committee on the District ot Columbia were
instructed to procure a revision or codification of
the laws of this District, and were uu t hot ized, ?o
, that end, to employ some suitable persons for that
' purpose. Two gentlemen were selected at the
close of the last Congress, and have been en£:igpd
i on the work, and have proceeded in the woilTso
far as———
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 certainly think the Sen-
ate understand this matter sufficiently. Jtis right
