622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
the seas, policy, interest,and humanity conspire
. to prompt* its retention. When we are able to
sweep the ocean and bid defiancc to all whom in-
terest or passion might otherwise prompt to at-
tack us, we need not fear that our peace will be
molested. We have the highestpossible motives
for maintaining this superiority, but with the
enormous ability to construct ocean steamers pos-
sessed by Great Britain at this day, we cannot
hope to do so without such immediate legislation
as will tend to increase our facilities for the con-
struction and repair of iron-clad vessels. The de-
velopments of the war have shown that the Brit-
ish navy is to-day far inferior to our own. But
it is only so because of the immense additions
and improvements in construction that have been
made by us during the rebellion. These improve-
ments are well known to England and France,
and if they do not at once adopt them it wiil be
only because they hope to get some that are bet-
ter, not because they will trust to those of the
past. In a very few years (hose nations, Eng-
land especially, will possess a navy quite as pow-
erful as our own, if we remain idle. " Eternal
vigilance is the price of safety."
At this day England is turning out from her
immense pi ivate yards on the Clyde, the Thames,
the Mersey, the Tees, the Tyne,and Wear, five
hundred thousand tons of iron merchant vessels
per annum. She is to-day duplicating the entire
tonnage of our navy annually in iron steam ves-
sels for the ocean, and this in her private yards
alone. We are not able to build in ail our pri-
vate establishments together more than one sixth
partofthis tonnage. This isa startling fact that
it is well for us to remember; but it is not the only
remarkable truth winch has been brought to our
attention by the very able and interesting report
of Chief Engineer J. W. King, United States
Navy, and embodied in and published with the
last annual report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. King was sent last summer by the Department
to examine the dock-yards and iron-clad estab-
lishments in England and France, and J am glad
to be able to say that every facility was extended
to him by the Governments of those countries in
the perfoimance of his duties.
Wc learn from Mr. King's report the fact that
England is fur ahead of us in her ability to con-
struct ocean iron steamers in her private yards;
and that in her national establishments forthe con-
struction and repair of armored war vessels she is
beyond all compai ison superior to us. From his
report it appears that there are m England seven
naval or dock-yards; one of them, that at Chat-
ham, is being extensively enlarged specially for
the construction of iron-armored vessels-of-war,
while another, situated at Portsmouth, is to be
enlarged with hke views. The total area of the
British dock-yards exceedsfive hundred and fifty
acres, possessing thirty-six and a quarter acres
basin accommodations, 32 stone dry-docks, and
31 ship-houses; and when Chatham and Poits-
mouth are completed, the ground covered by them
all will exceed one thousand acres, containing 44
stone ilry-docks and as many ship-houses; ail
other preparations being proportionate and com-
paratively gigantic. Besides ther.e national works
for the const! notion of fleets, the Btifish have vast
resources in the shape ofiron-ship-yardsand iron-
works. it is seen that on the Clyde are 33 iron-
ehip-building yards, the productions from which
in 1863 were 170 iron vessels with an aggregate
of 120,700 tons. On the river Thames during
the same year 117,000 tons of iron vessels weie
built; on the Mersey 80,000 tons; on the Tyne
51,236; on the Wear 25,000, and on the Tees
15,000—making a total of 408,906 tons of non
vessels buiit in 1863; and it is estimated that dur-
ing the pust year, 1864, upward of 500,000 tons
of iron vessels were constructed in the British
dock-yards, exclusive of those built for the royal
navy. Some of the private iron-ship-yards have
large capitals, and are very extensive and complete
in all respects. Mr. King's report in forms us that
the constructive capabilities of either of the great
Thames yards are equal to 25,000 tons or ten
heavy iron vessels in hand and progressing si-
multaneously. Such are the facilities possessed
by the British for building and equipping iron-
clads. The Admiralty there could in the event
of war, m addition to their own extensive dock-
yards, command the services of more than 40 pri-
vate. iron-ship-building yards.
Now, how are we prepared to build sea-going
armored ships? With resources iniionand ma-
terials superior to those of England, the few pri-
vate yards in this country are mere make-shifts
compared with them. The combined capabilities
of them all are not equal to one such as are to be
found on the river Thames. What are ournavy-
yards, and how are they prepared to meet the
changes taking place in ships-of-war,and to meet
the demands of a Navy which has grown in pro-
portions until it isacknowledged to besuperior to
any other afloat? The Chatham dock-yard when
completed will have an area of three hundred and
eighty-nine acres, the whole of the ground being
occupied by basins, dry-docks, ship-houses, and
substantial steam factories. The New York navy-
yard, the most important we possess, covers an
available space of about twenty-five acres, not
one fifteenth part as large as the Chatham yard.
It has one stone dry-dock, two ship-houses, and
other limited facilities for wood ship-building only.
The Philadelphia navy-yard has a total area of but
nine acres. It would require forty-three such
yards to make one equal to the Chatham yard in
England. It has one wood floating-dock, and
two ship-houses,but not a steam factory, or any
preparations for either the construction or repair
of steam machinery. The Boston navy-yaul, of
but small area, has one stone dry-dock, three ship-
houses, afid is comparatively well prepared for
constructing and repairing vessels; while the yard
at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, is but little in
advance of that at Philadelphia. The Washing-
ton yard has greater facilities for building ma-
chinery than all the others, but has not a single
dock. Our navy-yards on the Atlantic coast
possess two stone dry-docks and two wooden
floating-docks, with other proportionate facilities,
while the British will soon have forty-four stone
dry-docks, beside unequalcd resources in piivate
docks. On the river Mersey alone there are
twenty-four dry or graving-docks!
Apart from the limited facilities of our yards,
they are in no way prepared, nor is there suffi-
cient room in them, for buildingiron-clads. The
Secretary of the Navy has frequently called at-
tention to the subject, and the Department is much
embarrassed for want of a pioper yard, and the
longer action in this matter is delayed the greater
will be the difficulties and^embanassments that
will arise to the Department, and the more immi-
nent the danger to the country. Shall we allow
this session to pass without deciding on so im-
portant a national measure—one in which the
whole nation is interested, and in which no sec-
tional or party feelings should or ought to inter-
lere?
When we consider the manner in which our
Navy, exclusive of iron-clads, has been impro-
vised by the purchase of vessels fiom the mer-
chant marine, we can readily see the great supe-
riority which England would possess in drawing
an increase to her navy fiom a merchant service
which is increasing at the late of five hundred
thousand tons per annum in iron vessels under
the stimulus of a demand which has resulted from
her unfriendly conduct in giving aid and comfort
to the enemies of this Government.
The want of at least one complete navy-yard
near the Atlantic sea-board, with these startling
facts in full view before us, is a great national
misfortune, and Us immediate construction is de-
manded by every consideration of interest, pru-
dence, and policy. And yet there are gentlemen
on this floor ready to vote defiant resolutions em-
bodying the Monioe doctime, and to march our
armies into Canada, but who can go quietly to
their homes and tell their constituents that they
have faithfully discharged the trust confided in
them, when they know we do not possess one
single national establishment in the whole country
for the construction of iron-clads, nor even the
proper facilities for docking and repairing the
armored vessels which now constitute our sole
dependence, notwithstanding the Secretary of the
Navy has time and again urged upon us the duty
of providing these great national means of pie-
serving our present Navy and providing for the
inevitable necessity of its increase.
The unfriendly spirit manifested by England
during the last four years toward us, and the am-
I bitious designs of the French emperor, so boldly
| developing themselves upon this continent, should
I admonish us to be prepared for a conflict that will
surely come when one or the other of those great
Powers feel that they are safe in precipitating it.
A jealous regard for the condition and effective-
ness of our naval establishment is the surest way
of keeping the peace and inspiring those and all
other great Powers with a wholesome respect for
the American Republic. 1 apprehend that there
are few members upon this floor who do not feel
satisfied that our iron-clad navy has been the only
obstacle to prevent the hostile designs of France
and England from assuming a form that would
have compelled a declaration of war with them.
When we contemplate the enormous cost of
this war, estimated by many at not less than
$4,000,000,000, we can form some idea of what
the cost of a war with those nationswould prob-
ably be. If we compare the cost of this war with
the cost of our entire Navy, §280,000,000, which
( includes its maintenance for four years, we find
the latter is only one fourteenth part of this out-
lay. And this will enable us to form some idea
of the great economy of the Navy in a struggle
like the present, when we compare the results it
has accomplished with the cost of similar results
when achieved by the Army. Nor has this
$280,000,000 all vanished in smoke and cannon-
shot, in shoddy clothing or the commissary sup-
plies that have been consumed; but it is to-day
existing in substantial ships-of-war that are de-
fending our foreign commerce, blockading rebel-
lious shores, or battering down the strongholds of
treason and bidding defiance to unfriendly Powers.
These six hundred and seventy-one vessels, at
the low average of $200,000 each, would represent
a value of $134,000,000, or nearly one half of the
entireoutlay. The balance,§150,000,000 in round
numbers, will represent the cost of maintaining it
for four years—an average of $37,500,000 per an-
num.
The Government has been and is still paying
bounties to volunteers for the Army at the rate
of $300 per man, and through the past three years
local bounties have been paid in addition sufficient
to average at least $300 more. These local boun-
ties, although not paid by the Government, are
nevertheless paid by those who must be requited
to meet the intercston the public debtand provide
for its ultimate liquidation; hence the whole amount
j of these bounties, say $600 per man, come from
| the same fountain source, the people, and it is
j proper to estimate their total amount as pai tof the
expenses of the war. But these bounties alone
are but a small part of the cost of maintaining the
Army, and yet the total bounties alone paid to the
volunteers in one year for the Army would defray
the entiie expense of maintaining our splendid
naval establishment for ten years. This, Mr.
Speaker, is a fact well worth pondering over by
the ablest statesmen. When war comes it in-
volves fhe vast machinery of an army with its
stupendous expenditures. Is it not the part of
wisdom to put the probability of a foreign war as
far beyond the regions of possibility as it is in the
power of the nation to do when it can be done at
a cost that is insignificant when compared with
the cost of such a war—a cost that is as trifling
when compared with the cost of war as is the pre-
mium we pay to the insurance company when
compared with the loss we desire to be protected
against? Such protection we gain by maintaining
a Navy commensurate with the grandeur of the
nation, and capable by the power and efficiency
of its construction and organization to protect the
honor and advance the interests of the Republic.
If our Navy be preserved by such facilities for
repairs /md construction as are absolutely de-
manded, and its developmentproperly fostered, we
need not fear but that American genius and enter-
prise will be amply sufficient to keep it through
all time where it is to-day—m advance of all the
nations of the earth. But let us be admonished
by the fable of the turtle and the hare, and not
believe that because we are now so superior to
our competitors that we can afford to slumber
and not expect to find them in advance of us when
we awake. By American genius vve have taught
the Old World the worthlessness of many of their
theories, and they will doubtless draw wisdom
from our experience and the rapid development
of facts that are constantly manifesting themselves
in this present struggle. Twelve million dollars'
worth of Armstrong breech-loaders in Gieat Bi it-
ain weie demolished when one blow of a Yankee
four hundred and fifty pounder struck the rebel
