1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
merely make that suggestion because that may
influence us with regard to the business we shall
enter upon.
Mr. FARWELL. I hope we shall take up the
bill indicated by the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
now the question before the Senate. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the motion to go into
executive session.
iVIr. FARWELL. Then I hope we will not
go into executive session. I do not believe that
live men ought to come into court to testify against
dead men's estates.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, I believe my mo-
tion is in order. Perhaps the Senatorfrom Massa-
chusetts will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I interpose no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then if the Senator in-
terposes no objection I presume there will be no
opposition to taking it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 657) to amend the
third section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th day of
June, 1865, and for other purposes, "so far as the
same relates to witnesses in the courts of the
United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill wasread yester-
day evening, and I will state to the Senate just
what was stated by the Senator who now occu-
pies the chair [Mr. Foster] yesterday evening.
Tins bill passed the House, came to the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that committee have reported an amendment
to it. That amendment is in legal effect precisely
the House bill; but if we adopt this amendment
and amend the bill, it cannot pass the House at
this hour, that is certain; and I wish the Senate
not to adopt the amendment, but to stand by the
House bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator that
the amendment reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee is substantially the House bill. It is the
House bill, if 1 may so say, taken into a new
draught, perhaps in a little better form; but I
doubt the policy of the House bill. 1 believe that
the House bill goes further than the law of evi-
dence ns it is now laid down by the best writers
and authoiities on the subject; and my impres-
sion is we had better not interfere with it, but leave
the rule as it was declared by Congress at the last
session, until at least we have some experience
under it, and find that it does not work well. That
rule is substantially in harmony with the received
rule of evidence according to the best authorities
now.
Mr. MORRILL. What is the rule?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot undertake to state
it now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The rule is that a man
can swear in any case. This bill simply limits
it, that be shall not swear in his own case against
a guardian or against an administrator, unless the
court specially and affirmatively order it. If the
ends of justice require it, the court can allow it;
but he will not have the right except by permis-
sion of the court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to hear the bill as it
came from the House read also.
The Secretary read the bill and amendment, as
follows:
Be it enacted, 4'c.. Thar the third section of an act entitled
"An aci making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of ihe Government lor the year ending the 30th of June,
3 8G5. ntidfoi other he, and the same In reby is,
amended hy adding thereto the following proviso: ^'Provided
further, That in actions by or against "executors, adminis-
trates, or guauhans, m which judgment may be rendered
■ for or ngain-t them, neither party bljall be allowed to testify
| agahift the other as to any transaction with, or .statement
j by, the ie.natot, mte?tate, or ward, unless called to testify
j thereto hy the opposite party, or required to testify theieto
I by the court.J}
i " **
I The amendment of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary was to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That in the mints of the United States there shall be no
cxclUiion of an> witness on account of color, nor in civil
aetions because he is a partv to, or interested in, the issue
tried : Provided, That in aetions by or against executors,
administrators, or guardians, in which judgment may be
rendered for or against them, neither party shall be allowed
to testify against the other as to any transaction with, or
statement by, the testator, intestate, or ward, unless called
to testify thereto by the opposite party, or required to tes-
tify thereto by the court, except in cases arising upon con-
tracts made with the executor, administrator, or guardian
of bueii estate. . ,
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I hope the bill wiil not
be passed. 1 think at this time we ought, so far
as we undertake to interfere with the law of evi-
dence, toopen it, to broaden it, instead of limit-
ing it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let ft man swear against
a dead man's estate?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, we ought to get testi-
mony from every quarter.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly the Senator froni
Massachusetts is mistaken about the practice in
relation to evidence in the English courts and the
courts of this country. It is in harmony with
this bill, and it seems to me to be a monstrous
proposition to allows man to testify when the
other party is dead. That is all there is in this
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is no need of
mutuality in such a case. We want light; we
want evidence from every quarter we can get it.
Mr. HOWARD. But we do not want per-
jury-
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading,read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, iis Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 62) to remove all disqualification of color
in carrying the mails.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.R.
No. 558) to authorize the issuing of patents for
certain lands in the town of Stockbridge, State of
Wisconsin, and forother purposes; which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice Piesident.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. "WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
401) amendatory of the organic act of Washing-
ton Territory, reported it without amendment.
JOSIAII 0. ARMES.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
161, for the relief of Josiah O. Armes. ["Oh,
no."] Let us bring it up and get a vote upon it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire if he will not let me have the floor
long enough to pass a bill reported from the
same committee. I must go out on a committee
of conference.
Mr. CLARK. Let me have a vote and get
, mine up first.
Mr. GRIMES. That will not do; I object to
taking up one bill and then farming out the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays on the motion, and they were ordered; and .
being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 17; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Doolittle, Grimes, Har-
lan, Lane ot" Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Nesmith,
Powell. Jilrfdlp, Sherman, Sumner, and YViUori]4.
NAYS—Messrs. Biiekalew, Clark, Conness, Fatwell,
Fewer, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks. Howe, Morrill,Nye,
Ramsey, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and
VVilley—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Carliie, Chandler, Coila-
mer, DavH, Dixon, Foot, Hale, Harding, Howard, Johnson,
McDouRall, Pomeroy, Richardson, Saulsbury, Stewart,Ten
Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARIC. I believe my motion is now in
order, to take up House biUNo. 161,for the relief
of Josiah 0. Armes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on an amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to enable the Sen-
ator to have a direct vote on the bill I will with-
draw that amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Letitcome to its passage, and
then we will take a direct vote.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time.
Mr. HARLAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Clark, Conness, Farweii,
Foot, Foster, Harris, Hendricks, Howard, llowe, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Nye, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle,
Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, and Willey—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Rrown, Doolittle,Glimes,Ilarlan, Lano
of Kansas, Morgan, Nesmitli, Sherman, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and Wilson—II.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Carlile, Chandler, Colia-
nier, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Hale, Harding, Henderson,
McDougall, Pomeroy, Richardson, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck,
Wilkinson, and Wright—17.
So the bill was passed.
AMBROSE MORRISON.
Mr. CLARK. I have one bill further that I
wish to report from the Committee on Claims,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider it at this time. Ifafter making a state-
ment I cannot have unanimous consent I will lay
it aside. It is a bill (H. R. No. 463) for the re-
lief of Ambrose Morrison,of Nashville,Tennes-
see.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal once more to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to let me take up my
bill.
Mr. CLARK. I think when I come to state
what this bill is there will be no objection to it;
and if 1 can do so, I will then give way to the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to its being taken up,
if the floor is to be farmed out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
considered except by unanimous consent, and
objection is made.
MERCANTILE MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
456, for the relief of the Mercantile Mutual In-
surance Company of New York.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committeeofthe Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to issue and pay to the Mercantile Mutual In-
surance Company of New York eight United
States notes, not bearinginterest, of $1,000 each,
in lieu of eight notes of the United States, issued
under the act of Congress of February 25, 1862,
ofthe letters, numbers, and dates following: A.
17,097, of 10th March, 1862, for$1,000; A. 20,421,
of 10th March, 1862, for ft] ,000; C. 20,251, of ]0th
March, 1862, for $1,000; B. 9,962, of 10th March,
]862, for $1,000; D. 5,820, of 10th March, 1862,
for #1,000; D. 11,900, of 10th March, ]862, for
#1,000; D. 216, oflOth March, 1862, for $1,000;
D. 7,164, of 10th March, 1862,for $1,000; which
were lost or destroyed by the foundering of the
steamer Quincy, atsea, on the 13th of December,
1863; but the company is to execute a bond in the
penal sum of $16,000, to beapproved by the Soli-
citor of the Treasury, indemnifying the United
States against any loss on account of the issuing
of those bilia.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that ease.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is evident that this case
is to lead to controversy. It is a private claim, to
pay some party for lost bonds. I am very anx-
ious to call up a bill that I have been trying to
get an opportunity to call up for several days. It
is a House bill, and one of very great importance
to the West. I move to postpone this bill arid all
other orders, and take up House bill No. 322.
I will state what that bill is. It is a bill to con-
struct a ship-canal for the passage of Army and
Navy vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan. It is n bill that has passed the House-
