1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t
Mr. GRIMES. There will be no debate upon
that, of course. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not wantany debate
upon it, except to state the facts about it. If the
Senate will take it up and permit me to state what
the bill is, I am willing then that a vote should be
taken upon it. I hope the Senate will allow it to
come up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a priv-
ileged motion. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. I do
not think that it will take long to dispose of the
nominations that ought to be acted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Ohio will permit me to pass a little bill that
1 have been trying to get the floorallnighttocall
up, that will lead to no discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state that it is neces-
sary to dispose of the nominations that I have
referred to, and the only ones I know of, of as-
sessors and collectors. Their appointments will
fall, and their bonds be of no validity, if we do
not act upon them now.
Mr. HOWE. There is a bill before the Senate
which will lead to no discussion, which passed
the House, and has been reported by the Senate
Committee on Claims without any amendment;
and the Senate is gaining no time by crossing
these motions. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw his motion and allow a vote to be
taken on this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But very little time has
been asked for by the Committee on Claims dur-
ing this session; and the claim now before us 
Mr. CONNESS. We will vote for it if you
will let us vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. All Senators may not
feel just that way. Perhaps they do not want to
vote for it without knowing something about it.
[Laughter.] The claim that the Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to call up was examined at
the last session, and I had the pleasure of exam-
ining it with the Committee on Claims at that
time, and I think it is just as clear as light. It
is a legal proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question be-
fore the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to go into executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that motion had
been put, as i see the officers clearing the. galler-
ies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not keep men in the galleries if they choose to go.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the officers need not
turn them out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is by no
order of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall now have
a vote on my motion; and I should like to have
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Farweil, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harlnn, Harris MeDougall, Morgan, Powell, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Wade, ami Wilson—to.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Conness, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nye,
Stewart, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Willey—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carliie, Chandler, Colla-
inei, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Hale, Harding, Hen-
derson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rich-
ardson, Riddle, Sauisbury, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle, and
Wright—21.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein the doors
were reopened.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 786) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1866,
and for other purposes, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. D. C. Littlejohn of New
York, Mr. H. Winter Davis of Maryland, and
Mr. James S. Rollins of New Hampshire, man-
agers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED PILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
h§d signed the following enrolled bills, and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 600) for the better organiza-
tion of the subsistence department;
A bill (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the ye$r ending
30th June, 1866; and  
A bill (H. R. No.-795) amendatory of certain
acts ijnposing duties upon foreign importations.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 78G)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1866, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference a*ked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of die Senate be
appointed by the Vice Piesident.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Henderson.
R. L. B. CLARKE.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Committee
on Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 256) for the
relief of R. L. B. Clarke.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which directs the Treasurer of the United
States to pay the sum of $1,500 to II. L. B.
Clarke, in full for the time and expense incurred
by him in contesting the seat of Augustus Hall,
from the first district, of Iowa, in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress.
The bill was reported-to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THANKS TO GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I desire to take
from the table and ask presentactionu-ponajoint
resolution returning the thanks of Congress to
Major General Thomas and the officers and men
under his command, for their gallant and heroic
service in Tennessee. This resolution, it will be
remembered, was amended in the Senate by addi-
tional sections returning the thanks of Congress
likewise to those officers and men of our Navy on
the western waters cooperating in that brilliant
and trying campa^*. For some reason, purely
technical, as 1 understand, the House of Repre-
sentatives has not thought proper to concurin this
well-deserved tribute to our seamen. I regret this,
sir, very deeply. I regret that those who have
deserved so well of their country should be denied
such a recognition at our hands upon any techni-
cality or plea whatever. But I am unwilling that
the refusal ofjustice to one branch of the service
shall operate to withhold or defeat the merited i
tribute conceded to another; and I am sure that
in this I but reflect the common sentiment of all
those whose united valor shed such luster on our
arms, and effected so great a deliverance to the
heart of the nation from a most formidable inva-
sion. There is no officer of either Army or Navy
who would wish that that honor should be with-
held from either because not extended to both.
In this view, Mr. President, and having been
the mover of the amendment unanimously con-
curred in by the Senate, I now ask that the Sen-
ate recede from its amendment and concur in the
joint resolution as it came from the House of
Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is moved that the Senate recede
fiom its amendment to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 139) of thanks to Major General Thomas
and his army.
The motion was agreed to.
MILEAGE TO CLAIMANTS.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate now take
a recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Before that is done,
I desire to offer a resolution sp that jl tpay come
up as the unfinished business after the recess, I
do not ask for its passage now. I merely desire
to present it, so that it may be the unfinished
business when we come together again:
Resolved, That the Secretary be instructed to pay out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, the usual mileage to Elisha
Baxter and William M. Fisiiliack, respectively claimants
for seats in the Senate from'Arkansas, and Charles Smith
and 11. King Culler, respectively, as claimants for seats m
the Senate from Louisiana at We second session of this Con-
gress.
Mr. FOOT. Were not the claimants fyoijl
Arkansas paid their mileage at the last session?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They were paid at
the last session; but the House have paid the
claimants there again this session.
Mr. FOOT. Have they been here?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not pass it now ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will nqt asjc for its
consideration now, but 1 wish to leave it as the
unfinished business.
Mr. BROWN. And I should like to subjnit
an objection to the resolution also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It m now
moved that the Senate take a recess until ten
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, at
seventeen minutes to seven o'clock,on tlje morn-
ing of the 4th of March, the Senate took a recess-
until ten o'clock.
MORNING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at ten o'clock, a. m.(
(4th of March.)
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE. ,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the tw,o Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 667) to provide for two assistant local in-
spectors of steamboats in the city of New York,
and for two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois,
and to reestablish Lhe board of local inspectors at
Wheeling; and also to amend the act approved
June 8,1864, entitled " An act to create an addi-
tional inspector of steamboats and two local in-
spectors of steamboats for collection districts of
Memphis and Oregon, and for other purposes."
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 785) granting a pension to
Captain George W. Knabe;
A bill (fl. 11. No. 808) for the relief of Ellis
Noms,of Barnstable, Massachusetts;
A bill (1-1. 11. No. 809) for the relief of Anna
E. Ward, widow of Lieutenant Joseph D. Ward;
A bill (H. II. No. 810) for the relief of Mary
A. Miliinger, widow of Christian B. Millinger;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 811) forthe relief of Cathe-
rine Mock, widow of William H. Mock.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint lesolutton, which were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S.No.6'<!) to remove all disqualification
of color in carrying the mails;
A bill (H. II. No. 657) to amend the third sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for sundry ctvil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th day of June,
1865, and for other purposes," so far as the same
relates to witnesses in the courts of the United
States; and 4
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 161) in relation
to certain railroads.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. GRIMES. The message just received
from the House of Representatives announced
that they had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on House bill No. 667. I
was a member of the committee, but did not sign
the report. I move that the Senate concur in the
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
