1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
iron-clad Atlanta. And it needed but one Amer-
ican armored ship in Hampton Roads to show
England that—
" Ruined was her buckler and broken was lier shield."
Her boasted rule of the waves was as empty-
on that day as the command of her Danish king
to those same waves a thousand years ago:
"Thus far shalt thou come, and no further."
Of her one thousand and four war vessels, but four
remained to assert Britain's ocean supremacy.
And the bombaidment of Fort Sumter, with the
much-abused monitors, if it did nothing more,
taught our transatlantic neighbors that the new
system, so much criticised and ridiculed in this
Hall, was too invulnerable for their intermeddling
to prove advantageous to them. Thatbombard-
ment, if it did not capture Charleston, was so full
of instruction to France and England that it saved
us from an intervention, the result of which no
statesman on this floor would date to prophesy.
In the wonderfully rapid construction of our
Navy the energies of the Department have been
taxed to the uttermost point through all its offi-
cial ramifications; and the powers of the people,
through the contract system, have been strained
to iheir greatest capacity,and the consequence has
been a wonderful development of resources and
a remaikable degree of inventive talent and ca-
pacity for naval constructions. The tesultof all
this is before the nation and the world in the form
of a Navy which Ins dealt the rebellion some of
its svoist wounds and maintained the honor of the
nation. It is now the most potent in the world;
surpassing in all the elements of effectiveness that
of Fiance or England. It now controls moie than
twelve thousand miles of inland waters, giving
confidence and support to our armies, which are
seldom beyond the iwetberation of its guns, and
at the same time successfully scours the ocean in
pursuit of Anglo-rebel pirates, and maintains a
blockade which is the wonder of the world.
This truly gigantic work has been accomplished
without ostentation, and with an economy which
has even extorted praise from the hostile and
meicenary press of England, and, as our inves-
tigating committees have shown, with less fiaud
and [k dilution than any other undertaken by the
Government. Notwithstanding the magnitude of
the results that have been accomplished, the Navy
Department has been lepeatediy assailed m the
most unjustand unreasonable manner, and its able
chief ridiculed and caricatured until one would
suppose that his principal occupation had been to
pastf his official hours in comfortable dozing m an
easy arm-chair especially provided foi that pur-
pose by himself at the Depaitment. Friend and
foe to the Union have alike been led to believe
tlmt what was so peisistently asserted by his de-
fam^rs must be true.
Treason, in mistaken security, ridiculed the
cfToris of the old man of the sea to shut up a coast
equal to one seventh of the world's circumference,
and made thrice difficult by the rich fringe of
islands, bays, peninsulas, sounds and inlets bor-
dei ing it from Cape Henr^ to the Rio Grande and
whose endless labyrinths gave fuendiy shelter to
smnggleis and pirates; but it has now awakened
amui the terrors of starvation and the hopelessness
of despair to see this stupendous work accom-
plished.
England, self-styled mistress of the seas, folded
hei snowy hands to rest when she saw the drowsy
lids of the old Rip Van Winkle, but his Kear-
saiye guns in the British Channel have roused her
from her pleasant slumbers. "Winslow is crash-
ing through British oak. Her trained gunners
oMhe Excellent are struggling in the agonies of
death, and Chetbourg bears witness to the petty
larceny of the pirate's English consort—Bittain's
neu'ial Deerhound.
When the historv of this war is written, Mr.
Chairman, no prouder record of able administra-
tive talent and comprehensive cooperation will
gild its instructive pages than that which lecites
the management of the Navy Department during
the last four years. The utmost efforts of ridi-
cule and defamation have been exhausted in vain
endeavors to weaken the confidence of the people
and the President in the ability of its Secretary.
From the moment of his installation this gentle-
man seems to have pursued, with a fixedness of
purpose rarely witnessed, a policy having for its
object the throttling of treason and the domina-
tion of the ocean. Calling at once to his council
the ablest talent in the service, and confidently
trusting his reputation to ihekeepingof the loyal
people^of the land; turning neither to the right
hand nor the left to defend himself from the scur-
rility and misrepresentation which has assailed
him, he has devoted his talents and energies to
the consummation of this grand object with the
modesty which attends true merit. Measured by
the criterion of success, the only touchstone which
a nation involved in a mighty struggle will trust
in, the honorable Secretary has naught to fear.
The stupendous work accomplished by the Navy,
the soul-thrilling victories it has achieved, and the
remarkable good fortune which has attended its
undertakings during this rebellion, bear incontro-
vertible testimony to the statesmanship which has
directed its operations, and stamp the administra-
tion of that Department as eminently successful.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I should like to
record my profound admiration of the splendid
gallantry and devoted patriotism that have been
displayed by the naval heroes who have defended
the honor of the national flag with a devotion and
bravery which has won for them the admiration
of the woild. I have on several occasions, by my
votes in this Hall, manifested my giatitude to these
gallant officers and men who have done so much
to defend our land from the curse of treason, and
would now, if I felt that my humble powers were
equal to so grand a theme, delight to dwell upon
the glories with which they have enriched the
story of these perilous times. But, Mr. Chairman,
" What skillful limner e'er would choose
To paint tlic r.imlimv'h varying hues,
to nioit.i! it were given
To dip Ins luu*h lit tints ul'lieaveii ?"
The brilliancy of those achievements will make
history more attractive than romance. Poetry
will draw from its absorbing record immortal
themes to gild its graceful numbers, and many a
youthful hero in the dim and far-off' future will
feel the fust impulse of generous emulation while
listening 10 the songs and tales which recite the
deeds of Foote and Farragut.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Maryland to allow me to move that the commit-
tee rise, m order to close debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not object to
that.
Mr. STEVENS. I make that motion. I move
that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Scinstt repoi ted tli.it the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
having had under consideration the bill (O. II.
No. 67G) muking appi opi latinos for the naval ser-
vice for the year endmgSOth June, 1866, had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the naval appropriation bill be closed
in one hour after its consideration shall be re-
sumed.
Mr. PIKE. Let it be an hour and a half.
Mr. STEVENS. The debate has now run on
interminably. We have a great deal of work to
do. I cannot agree to more than an hour.
Mr. PIKE. I do not want to make a speech,
but others do. Malcc it an hour and a quaiter.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Mary-
land is entitled to close the debate; when he closes
I want the debate closed.
The moiion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agieed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Sciiekck in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 676) making
appropriations for the naval seivice for the year
ending June 30, 1866.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] on which thatgen-
tleman was entitled to the floor; and that the gen-
eral debate had been limited by the House to one
hour.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
had the gentlemen of the Naval,Committee treated
the proposition I had the honor to present with
ordinary fairness, or exhibited in the eourse'-of
their discussion of it that they had read the billafid
amendment which they rejeoted, and understood
that which they attempted to induce the House-
not to adopt, 1 should not have indulged in a
word of reply; for, sir, no fact I have adduced
from the public record of this or the last session
has been controverted or can be controverted by
them; nor, indeed, if those facts stand is there any
reply possible to the considerations urged by me.
But instead of meeting the argument 1 addressed
upon a measure introduced upon grave delibera-
tion and referred to that committee for its consid-
eration now nearly a year ago, Ijoth honorable"
gentlemen commenced their observations by re-
marking on the personal feeling and temper of
my remarks.
Now, sir, whether that temper was that of a
May morning, or of a November night, scarcely
affects the valueof the measure before the House.
Whether I am pleased with or disgusted with the
gentlemen who preside over the Navy Department
is not an argument either for or against the meas-
ure I presented. My wrath did notsink the light-
draught monitors, and the puffs of the Boston
Advertiser cannot float them. If the gentlemen
meant to intimate, for the purpose of weakening
the weight of any observation I made here, that
the measure I introduced is prompted by any
personal feeling relative to the gentlemen who
control that Department, I desire to say it is their
invention, and nothing else, which gives founda*-
tion to the suggestion. I have not the honor of
an acquaintance with either of those gentlemen.
I have neither asked, nor received, nor been re-
fused any favor at their hands, and that is^more
than the two gentlemen [Mr. Rice and Mr. Pike]
upon the committee can say for themselves.
If I am ill ill-temper, and that ill-temper is to
affect the judgment of the House upon the argu-
ment I presented, it is only fair to say—though
I mention matters of this kind with great reluc-
tance—that the devotion to the Departmentofthe
honorable gentlemen upon my right may be sup-
posed equally to affect the weight of their argu-
ments. And so far as the gentleman upon my
left, [Mr. Griswold,] who adduces his testimony
to the efficiency of the machinery and the struc-
ture of the Dictator, is concerned, I may be per-
mitted iff say that the gentleman, if I am not
misinformed, has had an interest in the construc-
tion of the iron-clads, which may naturally be
supposed to warp his judgment upon that sub-
ject at least as much as my disgust biases mine.
So that, when the collateral facts are made, I sub-
mit, 1)0 my temper what it might, my argument
is entitled to weigh equally with the arguments
of gentlemen upon the other side, irrespective
of the temper that dictated or pervaded them.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield to me a
moment ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My time is lim-
ited.
Mr. PIKE. Thegentleman says he has neither
asked, received, nor been refused any favors at
the hands of the Navy Department, and that is
more than gentlemen upon the committee can say.
Has the gentleman any evidence to sustain that
charge?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did not make the
charge.
Mr. PIKE. Impliedly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. All I said or meant
to say is, that the inclination or enlargement of
the gentlemen's hearts toward the Department as
seriously impairs the argument and weight of their
judgment as mine.
Mr. PIKE. I understood the gentleman to say
that it was more than 1 could say that I had neither
asked, received, nor been refused favors at the
hands ofthe Navy Department.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
says he has not, he has only to say so.
Mr. PiKE. It is not for me to say whether I
have or not. 1 ask the gentleman upon wiiat
proof he makes that assertion.
Mr. DAVIS,of Maryland. I will take the gen-
tleman's word for it.
Mr. PIKE. He has not my word for it one
way or the other. I ask the gentleman for the
evidence.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suppose the
House can understand why the galled jade winces.
I have done with these interruptions.
