1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The Secretary read it, as follows*
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
thf two IJoiif-es on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill ((I. R. No. 667) to provide for two assistant inspectors
of steamboats in the city of New York, and for two local
inpectors at Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish the board of
local inspectors at Wheeling; and also to amend the act
appioved June 8, 1864, entitled "An act to cieate an addi-
tional inspector of steamboats and two local inspectors of
steamboats for collection districts of Memphis and Oregon,
and for other purposes," having met, alter full and tree
conference have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments to said
Mil. Z. CHANDLER,
L. M. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. B. WASIIBURNE.
T. I>. ELIOT,
F. O. LE BLOND,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
COINAGE OF TIIREE-CENT PIECES.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider House bill No. 807, to
authorize the coinage of three-cent pieces, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The Secretary commenced the reading of.the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the civil ap-
proprmtion bill, and should like to stop the read-
ing- of the bill before thp Senate for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
ceive the report if there be no objection.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN" submitted the following re-
port from the committee of conference:
1 he committee ot conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. It.
No. 780) making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
ot the Gov.-i iiment loriho jcur emluii; June 30, I860, having
met, alter lull and flee conference have amved to recom-
mend, and do iccommend, to tlieir respective Houses as, fol-
lows:
That the Hou«e of Representatives recede from their dis-
agieeinent to Senate amendments numbered one, five, six,
eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, filteen,
sixteen, hewntoen, eighteen, mm'tecn, twenty, twenty-
one, twenty-two, twenty-nine, tinny, thirty-one, thirty-
two, thirty-lour, thnty-six, thirty-seven, forty, forty-two,
loro-Mx, foiiy-seven, forty-nine, rtUy, lilty-oneJiUy-two,
liliy-thiec, liny-tour, and lilty seven.
That tin.' IJuu^e lecede fiotn their disagreement to so
much of the uveuty-fouiili amendment of the Senate as
piopo-es to insert word*, and agiee to the same with an
amendment: strike out all of the matter propped to be in-
serted ; and the Senate agiee to the same.
'I hat the House recede from their disagreement to the
thn tv-ninth amendment of the Senate andagtee to the same
wnli an amendment, as lollovvs: stake outgone hundred"
ami insert " fifty."
That the Senate recede fiom their amendments num-
bered two, three, fom, seven, twenty live, twenty-six,
twenty-seven, twenty-eight, tliiny-thiee,thiuy-five, thirty-
eight, forty-one, lort>-three, forty-four, loity-hve, filty-five
ami tiity six. '
The committee fuifher state that thej have to report dis-
agieemenf on the forty-eighth amendment of the Senate,
and the committee ihereiote report that they have been
Uuuble to agree.
JOHN SHERMAN,
DANIEL CLARK,
J. B. HENDERSON,
Manager? on thejmit of the Senate.
D. U. LITTLEJOIJN.
II. WINTER DAVIS,
J. S. ROLLINS,
Managci!> on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee of confer-
eiice have agreed upon a report which covers
all the points in disagreement between the two
Houses except the amendment in regard to mili-
tary arrests; and I will explain very briefly to
those Senators who are here the disposition that
has beei^ made of the most impoitant Hems ill
this bill. The appropriations for the light-houses,
all of them, peihaps, have been agreed to. The
proposition to fit up the portion of the building
lor the Supreme Court has been agreed to. We
agreeupon everything except the military arrests;
and upon that we report a disagreement. I will
tnei efore move that the Senate agree with the re-
poit of the committee of conference except as to
the forty-eighth amendment, and upon that that
the Seiiate further msmt upon its amendment.
_ Mi. COiNiNE&fe. I should like to make an
inquiry of the chairman, arid I desire an answer
to my question.
Mr. SsIIERMAN. The bill had betterbesent
from here to the House first, and then I can an-
swer afterward.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, but the Senator wants
ua to concur in this report, and I should like to
know whether all the amendments made in the
Senate, or a considerable part of them, were con-
ceded to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Most of them were re-
jected by the House.
Mr. CONNESS. That is to say, our com-
mittee conceded them and abandoned them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. Wherever the
House objected to a proposition made last night
we abandoned it. Weadopted thatas a principle.
Mr. SUMNER. Did they object generally,
en masse ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; we considered them
separately.
Mr. STEWART. What did the committee
do with the amendment making an appropriation
for geological surveys?
Mr. SHERMAN. We struck it all out. If
any other Senator desires information on any
other point I am ready to give it to him.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it would be
best to ask for a further conference. I think it
probable that the House will recede from their
amendment, and that will pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
moves simply to insist upon the amendment of
the Senate, disagreed to by the House, and let it
go to the House 111 that position.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to be informed in re-
gard to the arrangements that have been made
here to-day for the inauguration. There are
ladies, members of the families of Senators, who
are utterly denied admission to the building not
to the galleries alone, but to any of the leception,
rooms, or committee-rooms—and they are ex-
posed to the inclemency of the weather outside
of the building. If there is any gentleman here
present who is connected with the committee of
arrangements, or anybody who can explain by
what authority this control is exercised over the
building, I should like to be informed of it.
There are persons who have admission tickets to
the galleries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They, were notified
that the galleries would not be opened until eleven
o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
from Iowa will allow me, I will state to him that
Mr. Foster of Connecticut, Mr. Henderson of
Missouri, and myself, were appointed a commit-
tee of arrangementson tlitsoccasion; and we took
the same programme that was adopted four years
ago, when Mr. Foot was the clmnmari ot that
committee, and have in all respects followed the
programme, with this exception, that we have
assigned to the lad ies of gentlemen who are admit-
ted to the floor of the Senate a place in the gal-
lery upon the right and left of the diplomatic gal-
lery, and other ladies are admitted to other parts
of the galleries. The progiamme has been pub-
lished in all the newspapers, and it has been pub-
lished by itself.
Mr. GRIMES. Why keep them out of the
building?
Mr, DOOLITTLE. Because this was the pro-
gramme four years ago; and in the judgment of
the committee, and in the judgment of the marshal
and the Sergeant-at-Arms, it is utterly impossible
to have any arrangements at all and reserve any
seats for ladies unless the hour be fixed at which
the doors shall be opened; for if you open the
doors and ladfes are permitted to come in and seat
themselves there will not be room.
Mr. GRIMES. There were 110 more tickets
issued than there were seats, I presume.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tickets ofadmission have
been issued to the ladies of the families of Sena-
tors and members of theHouse and members-elect
who are entitled to the floor; and as I understand
the Sergeant-at-Arms himself called upon those
various members and ascertained how many ladies
there were in their families, and the tickets weie
given.
Mr. MORRILL. They are outside now.
Mr. DOOLl ri LE. They are here too early.
If they came at eleven o'clock they would be ad-
mitted, and there would be no trouble.
Mr. GRIMES. AH I have to say is, that I re-
gard it as an assumption on the part of those who
have control of this matter to shut them out of the
building entirely. It may be very well to keep
them out of the galleries. As for the precedent, I
think that goes for nothing, itdid not rain four
years ago, and the ladies were not kept out in a
shower,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In respect to that, I will
simply say that I have not gone into this matter
much myself; but I am satisfied that the arrange-
ments are correct. *
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to go and open the doors and
let those ladies in. 1 myself saw the wives of
members of Congress standing outside in the wet,
and I do not think that they should be kept there.
Mr. CONNESS. I met a member of the Sen-
ate outside who was excluded, and could notcome
in until he passed in with myself.
Mr. POWELL, it does not matter if there
were forty Senators there; but there are ladies
standing out there in the rain.
Mr. CONNESS. Exactly; but the Senator
does not understand me. 1 do not know of any
leason, after having cards of admission, why
they should not be allowed to enter the build-
ing. They need not be allowed into the galleries
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the mo-
tion that the Senator from Kentucky desires to
submit?
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to open the doors and admit the
ladies who have tickets.
Mr. CONNESS. Notaccompanied by gentle-
men, at present. To admit the ladies alone, I un-
derstand to be the motion.
Mr. POW ELL. Ifgentlemencome with ladies,
I think they should be permitted to enter also.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When Senators come to
make motions and overrule the regular pro-
gramme that has been established for many years
they will find themselves involved in a thousand
difficulties. If you open these doors in the morn-
ing, without regard to admission, you will find
the passage-ways between here and the portico
where the inauguration is to take place so crowded
that it will be impossible to get there. You must
have some rule and arrangement about it. This
rule was adopted four yeaisago; the building was
closed Hi precisely the same way; and gentlemen
will rememberthat the President-elect was brought
inlo the building under a covered way, through
a side door, or else he could not have got in here
at all.
Mr. MORRILL. It is raining now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 think not.
Mr. STEWART. I have a resolution that I
should like to offer.
Mr. CLARK. i insist on my bill,
1 he VICE P RES I DENT. 11 the Senator from
New Hampshire insists on proceeding with his
bill, that is the business in order.
Mr. POWELL. I insist 011 my motion. I
really cannot stand here while those ladies are
outside 111 the rain. I think it is absolutely dis-
graceful to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
m order while there is a bill before the Senate.
Air. POWELL. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw his bill to enable me to make the motion.
I Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand that
, the Senate is responsible for this business, and
as one Senator i am not willing to undertake it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If Senators wish to take
the responsibility of interfering with the arrange-
ments that have been made, letthem take it. That
is all I can say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the reading of the bill befoie the
Senate.
  -ifi'r Secretary continued the reading of House
bill No. 807.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that anybody
is listening to the reading of the bill, and 1 sug-
gest that its fuuher reading be dispensed with. It
simply provides for the coinage of three-cent
pieces.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the reading be
dispensed with, and that all priororders be post-
poned until we have the doors of the building
opened. J understand some ladies are unwell out
there.
