THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•si
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1865.
New Series.,...No. 40.
responsibility. "Will the gentleman ask any offi-
cer of the Navy of the United States whether lie
thinks that the promotions in our Navy are fair?
That is a most unfortunate topic for the honor-
able gentleman just now that the Department has
organized the board of promotions, on which its
malice has excluded the officers of the south At-
lantic squadron from the representation accordcd
every other squadron. Where is any responsi-
bility ? Who is responsible for anything that is
done? For we have a head that does nothing,
and the active power under him, inesponsible,
that does everything.
Then the same honorable gentleman quoted a
high English authority as saying that it would
be an outrage to send men into action in wooden
vessels. Why does he cast such an imputation
upon the head of the Navy Department that sent
Farragut to Mobile and Porter to Fort Fisiier in
wooden vessels, and is now building a whole fleet
of them, with engines alone costing §400,00Uand
$600,000 each?
But a word on the question of iron-clads abroad.
The "American idea," as it is called, embodied
in the Monitor and the Dictator, has hitherto pro-
duced nothing that will cross the ocean. .The
New Ironsides that will cross it is not on that
American idea, but a copy of the Warrior. And
whatever opinions of magazines or ofHccis the
gentleman from Maine may quote., it is not true
either that England or France has adopted the
American idea or abandoned as failures the War-
rior or La Gloire. Against those hasty sugges-
tions I quote and prefer the opinion of an Amer-
ican naval constructor, that gentleman whom the
gentleman from Maine so justly eulogized, the
great naval constructor of tho United States, Len-
thall, to whom we are indebted for our great su-
periority in the structure of our wooden vessels,
lie does not think that the iron-clads of either
England or France are a failure, but does think
that we have now nothing to oppose them. Here
are his words:
"For the protection of our coasts and haibois we ate
piolubly well piepaied; but we have only three ve^-soh
that can pietend to eope with the sea-going not) clad ves-
sels ol iliuopran nations-, and those liav^ not yet been ttied.
It i  a ptobiem to he yet resolved, whethei a large steam
ve-.>el with her deck ;i loot oi two above water, and with-
out sail-, can be effective and u-e her guns n> a cumin?
ship i:\penence lias shown that as -hips increase in di-
meii-ioii- <ni(l weight theie imi<t he ,i c<utam relative por-
tion above (he water; that is the height or the cutis lioin
the water should be meiea^ed ; hut this may. to some ex-
tent, be modified by making sacrifices m bomeoiher qual-
ities.
" The accounts we have of the performances of the iron-
clad Utnopeaii vessels, if to he relied on, show that the
elevated position of tli^r aimor-plating ha* not seriously
affected the motion of the veshcN, and some of them aie
represented as being easier than ouhnary vc-el-,. Their
iaige dimensions have much influence in this; but our
puneipalhaibors do not penmt us to have so great a diaught
ot water as Ctuopean vessels have, which is slated to be
from twenty-hix to twenty-seven feet."
Now, sir, with reference to the iron-clad navies
of France and England,abandoned upon the mere
rumor of the impossible Dictator, let me read
again:
u Until such time as it becomes the policy of the Govern-
ment to build mm-aimored vessels for sea service—and,
whenever commenced, it will icQtiire some years to have
them in sufficient number to keep an enemy liom our coast
—we must have recourse to piatmir wood vessels', of which
the fust cost may appear lets', though itia certain to be more
expensive in the end.
Ci Unless we have armored sea-going ships"—
Not Monitors, not Dictators, not Dunderbergs,
but armed sea-going ships—
" we must give up the expectation of encaging our foe«on
the ocean, and iim-t limit our operations to.macks on their
commeice with fast and light-armored ve^M-i/*
That is the judgment of our great naval con-
structor upon the extent to which the Jlme.rican
idea of monitors has affected the sea-going iron-
clads of Europe. He declares that we must go
to work and build iron-clads of the same class,
if we contemplate meeting them on the ocean in
battle array. , „ . , . ,
I will not repeat what I quoted from Admiral
Porter about the New Iion&ides—the only vessel
of Unit kind in the Navy—the best he ever saw
for aggressive purposes, the counterpart of the
Warrior; so that the Warrior class cannot be a
failure if she is not. But I cannot refrain from
invoking against the Department and the gentle-
man from Maine the judgment of Dahlgren,who
went to Charleston to do impossibilities and staid
there two years without accomplishing them; who
went there to show that monitors could take forts,
and has taken none. Though he was pledged by
his appointmcntto a judgment in favorof the ad-
ministration wherever it was possible, his scien-
tific judgment could not be so deluded as to over-
look the great power of this form of vessels. He
ventures no opinion on the monitor form for sea-
going cruisers, apologetically refuses a judgment
on the general merits of iron-clads of that class,
but gives the palm of superiorly for aggression
to the form which the gentleman from Maine sup-
poses the monitors have exploded: *
"The Ironsides is a fine, powerful ship. Her armor has
stood heavy b.itteung very well, and her bioadsidc of seven
elevcu-ineh guns and one eight-null nlle, has always told
with signal elFeet when opened on the enemy. Draught of
water about fiiteen and a half to sixteen feet. Hpred six
to seven knots, and ciew about fout hundred and lortv men.
uJn*t as they aie, the Iionstde^ is capable of a more
rapid and eoncentiate.d fire, which, under the cncuin-
stances, made hoi guns moie effective than the lifteen-uieh
of the monitors."
He, pledged by his appointment to a judgment
in favorof iheadministrntiono^theNavy Depart-
ment, as far asit is possible to bend his scientific
judgment to meet the expectations of the Depart-
ment,cannot be so used as to put out of sight the
great power of this form of vessel, or to venture
an opinion in favorof monitors beyond the special
circumstances of the war. He says what corrob-
orates in every particular the statementof Admiral
Porter read by me, that tiiat vessel, constructed
on thatmodel, came more perfectly up to his idea
of those intended for aggression than any other
he had ever seen.
Now, sir, I agree with thehonorablegentlemen
of the committee that we cannot adjust these con-
flicting authorities. But here stands the great
fact that while the general clamor across the
water exaggerates the effect produced by the at-
tack of the Monitor upon the Merrimac, it has
not changed the course of European structure; ft
has not produced a single monitor in the ports of
Fiance or England; and the judgment of our
naval officers^ in conflict with the opinions
quoted from abroad, icsponsible or inesponsible,
by the gentleman fsom Maine, but confoims to
the official judgments ofI<Vanceand England, that
vessels of this class are neither a failmc nor in-
ferior to the American idea embodied in the mori-
itois. I piefer the judgment of American naval
officers to the judgment of English naval offi-
cers, and still more to the clamor of English mag-
azines; and in any legislation for the benefit of
the Navy I should consult their judgment and
not a criticism of the English Boaid of Admiralty
riot analogous to the one I propose. Aiguing
from one to another is merely for the purpose ot
misleading the judgment of the House, or be-
cause gentlemen did not understand the bill they
are criticising.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not contemplate
following cither of the gentlemen through their
arguments, in which they evaded everything
that was to be answered and controverted many
things which were not asserted. But 1 desire to
say,°when my honorable fi iend on myright [Mr.
Rice, of Massachusetts] spoke of the swiftness of
the Eutaxv—as if that m t[\e least degree contro-
verted my statements, which were in reference to
war vessels of the Navy, and not to those river
boats, as I termed them—he was introducing a
topic I lmd not touched. I did not mean to say
i one word m respect to the speed of those vessels,
I because I constdcied them set out ot the account
as naval vessels. But the honorable gentleman
I must not suppose that I can allow to pass his
! statement of tiie petformance of this vessel in
i smooth liver water, without her provisions, with-
j out her ammunition—i do not know whether she
| hadheraimament—certainlywithoutherfullload
of coal, under none of the conditions of a vessel
going to sea, subjected to no collision with the
waves, ns if I accepted that as a test of the power
of the same vessel at sea.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Does the gen-
tleman want to hear the report of Admiral Porter
in reference to the sea-going of that vessel?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not know
that that is in question. I spoke of the validity
of your answer to a challenge of the speed of the
Navy vessels. The question being as to the
speed of the screw vessel, the Department osten-
tatiously put forward a river steamer, a paddle*
wheel boat, upon smooth water, without the load
necessary to be carried at sea, to answer the prob-
lem of the speed of screw sloops on the ocean;
and gentlemen can form their own judgment
whether that solved the problem submitted for
solution, or served any other purpose than to mis-
lead the public mind from the real question.
But, since the gentleman has referred to the
double-enders in that behalf, I will do what I did
notdo the other day. I said then only this; what-
ever may be their speed, the faster it carries them
into action the faster it will carry them to the
bottom; that,since all their machinery and boilers
are above water they are doomed to inevitable de-
struction in any general naval action where equal
forces come into collision. 1 said for those rea-
sons those vessels were not to be counted a part
of our naval force for a war with a naval Power.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. How can you
build a ship to draw only six or seven feet with
its machinery below the water-line?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, I thank the hon-
orable gentleman for that question. Aboard of
engineers, summoned by the Department to crit-
icise the machinery placed in these and other ves-
sels, said that because of its peculiar form the
boiler projected above the water-line, but that
with a proper model it could be placed below.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. State what model
they recommended, or does the gentleman know
of any ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The honorable
gentleman has their report, and can read it for
himself. My impiession is neither he nor the De-
partment read it after summoning the board. The
report will show what I state to be correct; but
no form of machinery of a paddle-wheel steamer
can be protected, and therefore none of these ves-
sels are war vessels.
Cut, sir, what I meant to refer to now, though
not covered by my former remarks, is this: that
it will appear that after the explosion on the Che-
nango in New York harbor, killing and wound-
ing nobody can tell how many of our sailors, an
investigation took place before the coroner, and
the coroner, after a full investigation upon the
evidence, stated the result of the evidence to the
]ury; and it went to show conclusively that the
boilers placed in this vessel, and others of her
class, which were condemned by the board of en-
gineers summoned by the Navy Department, were
so liable, by their peculiar structure, to exhaust the
water in the boiler, that it was dangeious to run
the vessel with open ports or full power. And
that was proved by the officers of the vessel them-*
seltfes.
I now send to the Clerk to be read an extract
from that investigation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
«It is apparent that the engineer corps of the Navy, as
well as the persons who«e plan< are involved, have a deep
interest in assigning some other eau^e than low water ; <-inco
it it were low it mast have been so either fioin careless-
ness of engineers or from inherent detects in the oi^nniza-
tion which baffled the ordmaiy skill of such persons as
bad the machine in charge; yet no attempt has been made
to explain away the molted lead or to reeoneile its presence
with the fact that there was enough water in the boiler.
And as this is the oiditiaiy cau^e of explosion it would
seem consequently the true one here, particularly since no
evidence ot any feott ha<< hfon produced to fruo^titute any
other cause ; and we aie lelt to the mere suggestion, with-
out proot, that po^ibly the hiaces might have been taken
out by Mi. C.iluli and not replaced, or possibly the cold-
water te.^t, winch experience has shown to be inmthble,
has in this case pioved a snare. Unfortunately, the.re are
other facts, winch point out very clearly the existence ot
40
