626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
an organic disease in these vessels, requiring the utmost
vigilance to guard against, the presence of which is abun-
dantly pioved. A number of these vessels are just now
coming out, and it so happened that on Saturday, the 16th,
the day after thi* explosion, the Pawtuxet, having been
run for ninety-six hours at the dock, was taken out on a
trial trip from Providence. In the course of the run it be-
came necessary to shut off the steam from the engine, from
some cause, and thus the fact appeared that the water,
which had seemed to be abundant in the gauges, was low.
Mr. Baker, an experienced engineer, who set up and ran
the engine on her ninety-six horns' trial, at once had the
fires drawn from the furnaces, as a measure of safety, the
necessity of which, under the circumstances, Mr. Sewell
admitted to you when on the stand ; and it wa  found that
the steam pump required twenty-two minutes to re^upply
the boiler with the water found wanting, although the
gauges had given no warning nt its absence. But tor Mr.
Baker this accident would have piobubly had its counter-
Sart; and so convinced of the danger of the machine was
!r. Baker that he relused to come to New Yoik in the
vessel unless he had the control given him; and he has
told us these facts, and sworn to the danger.
u On the Chenango, the experienced engineers who ran
the engine at the dock have told us that they considered
their lives in danger from the liability jo low water; and so
convinced were they of it that they refused to open wide
the throuie-viilve, though the United States engineers who
were present insisted that the contiact required the engine
to be luri wide open. Mr. Smith, thcengineer who erected
and lan the engine of the Metacwnet, another of the same
class, has ptoved here that the water could only be kept in
lier boilers by so setting the valves that they would notfully
open when the engine worked; and that when those valves
weie oideied bv Mr. Sewell to he set so as to open 'wider,
and the vessel ivas run from the shop to the navy-yard, the
water worked j>o that the valves, had to be put back to their
original position, which was done by limitelt at tlx4 navy-
yard, umlei orders from the chiefenginccrof the <hip. The
drawings of these engines have been produced before us,
and the measurements made ot the cubic feel of vacant
space which existed in the&e cylinders between the valves
when they aie closed and the pi-tun when at the extreme
end of the cylinder nearest the eloped valves, and itappears
that these spaces are great enough ta hold more than six-
teen hundied pounds of water at a revolution before they
wiil be tilled so as to arie-?t the motion of the piston as it
approaches the end of the cylinder, and compel the open-
ing of the relief valves, which aie placed in caeh end ol
the cylinder to prevent the destruction of the engine by the
confinement of the solid water in the cj Under; yet it ap-
peals here that even moivthan thi^qummtyof water would
at times come over from the boilerat a levolution, and that
these selt-acting relict valves had to be opened constantly
by hand, to permit the escape ol this cnoimous quantity of
water more freely than it could h«; voided by the self-act-
ing valves. When it i.- con>ideied that only about nine
pounds of wiiter in the shape of steam aie needed to make
the oidmary (evolution of these engine-*, and that at tunes
they draw even more, than tlnee quarters of a ton of water
at a revolution, it is vet y easy to see how the boiler< mmht
be robbed of theii water in a very lew minutes, and the at-
tention of an ordinaiy man he eluded.
"The coal burned by the Chenango on her tiia! ha«becn
proved, and the amount of .steam which that coal pioduccd
has been nira^uu-d on the indicatoi diagrams which wete
taken on the trials, by which it is proved that in the torm
of steam these boilers only evnpoutc trom three to four
pounds of water to the pound ot coal, whoieas if they did
not uwe up the heat by eai mug it oil' liom the boiler in hot
water they would evapoiate seven oi eight pounds of water
into steam; and it is testified to here, and the calculations
show upon the indicator du Ki<ims themselves, that these
engines must have been woikmgnutof the boileis, in water,
on an avenige during the ninety-six houis of the trial, about
six times as much hot water as steam. Oi the aecniacy ol
such calculation, b:wd upon comp.uinu the weight ofeo.il
burned with the cubic leet of steam used by the engine,
you are perhaps betiei judges than f am ; but it is to he re-
market! that these calculations have been on the table foi
several days challenging contradiction, and that they aie
not disputed. It is iuither pioved here that ncon>uieiable
number of these ves>els, exactly like the Chenango, have
been recently built and tried,and that theyaie now await-
ing ordets lor sea; yet no witness h;is appeared beloic us
to siy that any of the other of these vessel* have operated
diflf lontiy f'lom those whose perfonnancc has been pio\ ed ;
although (hei e is no want ot pioof lhat v, hen these boilers,
aie arranged with a hiuh steam space above the ends ot the
tubes, and a steam chimney, they do not work out their
water. It would have beeji nine!) more in--nuctive to us
if the engineer who have i tin >o many of these low-roofed
boilers had been pioduced, uiftcnd of ihose whose onlyex-
pencnce has been with boilers not liable to thai dithculty.
" It is not veiy suipiMiif. peihaps that among the qyat
numbei of ves- els im d I" ni • !' .•   ^ n m' "d a
the handsofyoung men whun.ive nad biUl.tUeexpeiieuce,
and who are employed when thoic n a scarcity of engi-
neers, on account of the cieat demand for the services of
such men suddenly made by the Navv, that an explosion
should occur nisome time; and if the machiucty were of
the oidmary kind th<  accident would cxcite no unusual
inteiest. lint when it occuis on machmeiy peculnu m its
construction, and which had been condemned as inferior
by an official board of the most eminent engmccis in the
countty, and when it appear that those peculiarities have
so exhibited their dangeious qualities as to alarm practical
and scientific men, and to induce them to foretell an acci-
dent nt this kind; and when we lind these peculiarities
existing on a gieater number of other vessels just now
coining into use, upon which the itves of our fellow-citizens
are to be intru-tcd. then it i* of serious consequence, and
demands ot us to inise a voice of warning in time 10 pio-
vent any more such horrors as we have witnessed. Our
hiave men, who aie willmir to expose then !xxom« to the
enemy's shot, ought not to be subjected to the chances of a
hpiiibie jieath at the hnu bz of their own fuends, and in
their own floating homes, ■ •
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. So much for the
boilers of the double-enders.
Two gentlemen of the Committee on Naval
Affairs have made great complaint that I imposed
upon them lastyear a burden too heavy to be borne
in the resolution of inquiry I introduced relative
to steam machinery. Mr. Chairman, when 1 re-
ferred that resolution to the Naval Committee I
thought I was paying them the highest compli-
ment I could bestow, for I supposed I was sending
a resolution to a committee which, from its con-
nection with the Department, would have the best
means possible of information; and from their at-
tendance to the interests of the Navy would pros-
ecute their inquiry with energy and thoroughness,
and give us the full benefit of their judgment. It
related to the same matter investigated m part by
the board of engineers organized by the Depart-
ment in 1863, and disregarded by the Department.
It was intended to save the ruin of the machinery
of the Navy, to bring it to the test of science and
knowledge; and the topics which were to be in-
quired into could have been inquired into effect-
ually as well in the course of two weeks as in the
time which has elapsed from the day that resolu-
tion Vas brought in down to the day the com-
mittee brought in their report about a week ago.
There were a few topics, and only a few, requir-
ing investigation, which the examination of half a
dozen engineers would have settled almost imme-
diately, and tiic Department and this House would
have had the results of the investigation upon
lhat subject in time to act upon it.
But on the contrary what do we find? The
stupendous diligence of the gentlemen of that
committee had absorbed all their leisure time
from the day of the reference of the resolution
down to the day, I think, before the motion made
by me to append this amendment to the naval bill.
An immense mass of testimony—twenty-two hun-
dred pages—was introduced, which nobody can
possibly read, which nobody can possibly con-
sider. Their report came here ana has not yet
been printed. It is worth now substantially, no
matter how wine or correct the resolution lo which
the committee camc, just as much as the paper
upon which it will be printed, because during the
time that the investigation was being carried on
the Department had been building the very ma-
chinery that it was intended to test and correct
and examine. Just as the Department has kept
an investigation going on to verify the results of
the report of the engineers appointed in February,
1863, stdi diligently at work in November, 1864,
and all the time, the Department, since February,
1863, has been building the machinery; so that,
without its being intended to have that effect by
the gentlemen making the investigation, exactly
the same result has been accomplished, that is to
say, the Government does not get the advantage of
the investigation at nil, but while the investigation
has been lumbei ing on, every machine shop m the
country has bet n ringing with the construction of
the very machinery which is in question. In a
word, both investigations have been a mere screen
to the Department, giving impunity to its gross
abuse of the public confidence.
Mr. GANfcJON. I would ask the gentleman
if it would not be a more direct and reliable mode
of obtaining information to have the head of the
Naval Department upon this floor?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I answer that ques-
tion with very great pleasure. If the informa-
tion weie in the head of the Department, I would
say yes. [Laughter.]
Mr. GANSON. I would ask the gentleman
if i c haa tound that it is out? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I fear the gentle-
man does not give me credit for as much acute-
ness as I flattered myself I possessed. 1 had
found that out long ago. [Laughter.]
I take leave of this digression.
Sir, I submit that this measure, must be de-
termined on its merits. Gentlemen cannot es-
cape lesponsibility before the country by saying
that I proposed it out of ill-temper; nor that a vote
for it might disturb their relations with the De-
partment; nor that their appointments might be
| interfered with; nor that it might diminish their
I capacity to serve their constituents with the head
ofthe Department, whom the gentleman fiom iVlis-
| sourt [Mr. Blow] eulogized so strenuously, I take
' it, in order to procure weight for his navy-yard at
] Carondelct. These arguments cannot support
them before the country,and they are dangerous
arguments to go into a political contest thereon. I
ask a vote upon the measure I propose, not upon
my disgust at the Department; 1 ask the vote upon
the public considerations which must determine
the judgment of the country that the measure ia
right or wrong. I ask gentlemen to say whether
they think the Navy Department has been man-
aged so during this war that no advice can im-
prove it. I ask them whether they are content
that the American commerce shall have been swept
from the ocean by five rebel privateers, with six
hundred cruisers in our Navy to catch and destroy
them. I ask them if they think that American
commerce can live if this is what we call an ener-
getic and wise management of the Navy Depart-
ment. If we give the Navy a chance to live, and
a voice in its own preservation, we may rescue
ourcommerce from destruction, and when we are
callcd upon to meet a great naval Power on the
ocean, we shall not be driven to imitate the plun-
dering warfare of the rebels, and, shunning our
armed enemies,gomousingoverthe ocean fortheir
defenseless commerce, but, like a great Power,
meet our foes in arms and dictate terms of peace
on the water as well ason the land. When gentle-
men shall take steps to do that America will be a
Power; but as long as Congress will notassertits
supremacy over the Departments and prescribe
such organization of them as will give this nation
the benefit of its resources, so long as Congress
stops to inquire what the Departments wish, in-
stead of imposing on them what the interest of
the nation requires, we wiil be powerless before
the nations of the world.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that I am here to-
day pleading?the cause of the American Navy
against the Navy Department. I am saying what
four out of five of the officers of the Navy would
say had they a voice in this House. I say what
theablestand leading men of the Navy would say
to-day through the newspapers, were it not that
the fear of exposure makes the Department des-
potic. Gentlemen quote here the opinions of
officers of the British navy against the adminis-
tration of their navy; but who in our Navy dare
say anything against the management of our Navy
Department? Have we not seen one of the most
distinguished officers of our Navy, Commodore
Wilkes, for controverting statements in the report
of the Department seriously affecting his honor
as an officer, dragged before a court? Was that
court organized on principles of justicc, or was it
organized " to convict,,J in the language of the As-
sistant Secretary of the Navy ? He was dragged
before a court for vindicating himself and his own
administration of the squadron under his com-
mand, and subjected to three years'suspension
from service—a cruel and disgraceful persecution
such as never before has tarnished the adminis-
tration of the American Navy. Sir, this system
of tyranny in the Department deprives the coun-
try of the benefit of the opinion and advice and
judgment of the officers of the Navy upon the
structure and organization of the American Navy.
They are always ready to risk tbeirlsvesand shed
their blood on anything that will float, but they
shrink from advising the country for the benefit
of the Navy at the expense of a trial by a court
organized to convict. Let them have a voice in
the making of the vessels they arc to navigate;
let them have a voice in the selection of the ar-
tillery they are to use; let them have a voice
in advising where they shall be sent. Had tins
been done the Alabama's career wouid hevc been
shorter and less disastrous. The coal depots and
other necessities of navigation, th<  hues of com-
meicial transit, the passes of the seas, pointed out
the line where rebel cruisers must go from any
given point; and any competent brum! could have
devised a plan to meet and destroy them. Under
the spasmodic guesswork by which the Alabama
was pursued by this administration lor four yeat s>
our commerce was swept from the ocean,sent !«>
the bottom, or driven under foreign flags. Rebel
cruisers burnt our ships not merely on distant
seas but almost within sight of the American
coast; and then the Department telegraphed to
thenavy-yards, and all the newspapers were filled
with eulogies of the marvelous diligence of the
Department in setting vessels afloat to catch the
rebel cruisers. Those seas swarmed with vessels
sent to the spot where the burning took place,
and came back to report that the rebel cruisers
