1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL
March 3,
Mr, COLLAMER. My objection to the bill
is that nobody except the committee who re-
ported it knows anything about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There must be
better order in the galleries, or the rule will be
enforced in the galleries as well as on the floor of
the Senate.
Mr. SH ERM AN. Mr. President, this bill in-
volves some very serious and very dangerous
questions, which I do not think ought to be passed
upon by the Senate at this stage of its proceed-
ings. It involves the question of the liability of
the United States for lost bonds, and the extent
of the proof required in the case of lost bonds.
Considering that we have in circulation over two
thousand millions of various kinds of credits, this
may establish a precedent of dangerous import-
ance; and 1 trust the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin will not press it. I am told that the
committee that reported the bill is divided upon
it. I know the Senate is divided on the subject.
It is a bill proposing to replace bonds lost by an
insurance company. It is not a case as strong
as many others that have been before the Com-
mittee on Finance and before the Committee on
Claims. I trust, therefore, that at this stage of
the session it will not be pressed to a vote. This
company is an organized incorporated company,
not suffering for this money. There isno danger
that they will die or starve on account of the want
of this money. It has already realized a pre-
mium for carrying" these bonds and the loss they
have incurred. Under the circumstances I hope
that the matter may be postponed until next De-
cember, and if it is not too late, I will submit a
motion that the further consideration of the bill
be postponed until the first Monday of December
next.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator understands
that that is equivalent to an indefinite postpone-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I am really surprised at theop-
position that this bill meets here. If I could sup-
pose that the Senator from Ohio was any more
watchful over the public interests than the Com-
mittee on Claims, I should feel bound to defer to
the wish he has expressed here. The Senator
says that the Committee on Claims was divided.
] was not aware of the fact. I heard no opposi-
tion to the repoit of this bill. 1 accept notice of
it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. The chairman is not for it.
Mr. HOWE. Somehow or other the Senator
is better advised as to the opinions of the com-
mittee on which i serve than 1 am. 1 was not
aware that there was any opposition. I know
at one time the chairman of the committee doubted,
as another member of the committee doubted,
about the propriety of paying this claim; but 1
thought when the bill was reported it was re-
ported with the unanimous approval of the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not approve it.
Mr. HOWE. I stand corrected so far as one
member is concerned. If the chairman assents,
J stand corrected as to another.
If the Senate will allow me to tell them just
what the case is, I think I can do so in a word.
Eight thousand of your notes, the notes of the
Government of the United States, belonging to
the Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company of
New Yoik, went to the bottom of the Gulf of
Mexico one day, with the vessel on which they
were being transported, and all the crew but two
or three, 1 do not now recollect the exact num-
ber. The simple consequence is this: you may
replace those notes as you would if they were
the notes of any one of you—and you would do
it by the judgment of a court of law; you may
replace those notes, and then the insurance com-
pany, I believe, has made eighty dollars, taking
the expense of getting this claim through, the
insurance having been one percent., or you may
refuse to pay this claim, and then you will make
$8,000; your notes are gone; they never can be
presented to the Treasury for redemption, where
you undertake to redeem them; the insurance
company is out of pocket f8,000, and you are in
funds $8,000. If you think that a fair trans-
action, that is the very point on which we are at
odds. Remember, if it was the note of any in-
dividual here, instead of bettig the note of the
Government of the -United States, it would be
paid by the judgment of a court of law. If it
is paid now, it is paid by the judgment of the
Congress of the United States. The House has
agreed to this bill. 1 ask a vote of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. FARWELL. I am very sorry to differ
from my friend from Wisconsin; but I know he
will not have any feeling about it, as it is only in
the discharge of our duty here, which I know he
means to discharge faithfully and honestly, and
I trust he will give me credit for the same thing.
But I must say 1 have very grave doubts whether
the Government of the United States ought to
pay this money. I had occasion early in the ses-
sion to allude to a case somewhat analogous to
this. When there was talk about making claim
upon the English Government for the great num-
ber of our vessels that have been destroyed by
the British pirates, I put the question to Senators,
to whom would that money belong? The under-
writers had paid for them; but would the money
belong to them if it should be recovered from the
British Government, because they paid for the
vessels ? Why, sir, they have collected that
money out of other customers; and I presume
this insurance company has collected vastly more
than this sum out of their premiums for insuring
bank notes of the United States; for there are vast
sums of them going from one place to another,
upon which insurance is effected, it will really
be a very nice business of insurance if the com-
panies are to have the premium, and the Govern-
ment is to stand by and pay the loss. That is
what it results in. They have got their premium
for insuring this money. Suppose it had been
flour; suppose it had been gold; would they be
here with a claim for us to pay it? They gottheir
premium in bank notes; and tt strikes me if this
money is lost it is a Iktle piece of good luck to
the United States among all the hard luck they
have been having. I cannot see that there is an
equitable claim against the Government of the
United States to refund to these parties either
duplicate notes or the value of them. 1 may be
all wrong about it; but this is my opinion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 15; as follows:
YKAS—Mescrs. Chandler, CoMuiner, Cowan. FarweU,
Foot, Foster, Grime-, fl.ile, Lane of Indiana,'N^rrnih,
Pomeroy. Powell, Sherman, Spragtie, Ton Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Willey—Id.
NAYts—Messrs. Conness, Davis, Dixon, Harris, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Howe, McDotigall, Morgan, Mumll, Nye,
Stewait, Sumner, Wikon, and Wn^hr-—15.
ABSENT—Me^rs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Carliie,
Clark, Doohule, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, Jtam-ey, Uichard&on, liiddle, Saulibury,
Van Winkle, and Wiiktn&on—17.
So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 744) to amend an actentitled <4 An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay the interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864; which
was thereupon signed by the Vice Piesident.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
from the House for the relief of the personal rep-
resentatives of Jonas A. Thurston, deceased, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Commander William Reynolds, of the Navy,
praying to be restored to the active list, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
ENLISTMENT OF CRIMINALS.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 798) to prevent the
enlistment of persons charged with crime in the
District" of Columbia as substitutes or as volun-
teers in the Treasury [Army] or Navy, and to
prevent frauds in the District jail in the city of
Washington, to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend Us passage; and 1 should
like to have the bill considered now if there is no
objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot hear a word of
what is going on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
it is not possible to have order in the Chamber so
that we can hear what we are doing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
made several efforts without reasonable success.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think if the galleries un-
derstood that the Senate is transacting business,
they certainly would have respect enough for the
business of the nation to be quiet, so that we may
hear what is being done; and if that cannot be
done, I think the galleries ought to be cleared
until the Seriate has finished its business. It ia
impossible to tell what the Secretary is reading.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, which
provides that it shall be unlawful hereafter for
any person, with knowledge of the fact, to present
or offer to any recruiting agent or officer, or to
any other officer of the United States military or
naval service, either as a volunteer or substitute
for any other person, any person charged with
the commission of any criminal offense, or con-
fined or held to bail for trial for such offense within
the District of Columbia. It is also to be unlaw-
ful for any person in any way or manner to abet,
aid, or assist in procuring the offer or acceptance
of any person so charged or held for trial, or re-
leased on bail and awaiting trial, either as a vol-
unteer or as a substitute for any person drafted or
liable to be drafted m the military or naval service
of tiie United States, whetherthe person so drafted
or liable to be drafted shall be a resident of the
District of Columbia, or shall reside elsewhere;
and any person who shall knowingly offend
against the provisions of this section is to be
deemfd guilty of misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion beforea court of competentjunsdiction in the
Distiictis to be punished by a fine of not less
than $250 and not more than $1,000, and by an
imprisonmentin theDistrict prison foraterm not
less than six months nor more than one year.
The second section provides that any officer of
the jail of the District of Columbia, or any attache
or employe connected with the jail, who shall
demand, or directly or indirectly receive, any
compensation or reward or gratuity for any infor-
mation given in respect to any person confined
therein, or awaiting trial or bail, or for any'ser-
vice, assistance, or influence rendered, given, or
exerted in any view intent, or purpose, of having
such person thus confined or held for trial or bail
to await trial, taken, offered, or used either as a
volunteer or as a substitute for any other person
in the military or naval service, or who shall cor-
ruptly receive for any act done by virtue of hia
office or employment any fee, compensation, re-
ward, or gratuity, is to be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction in any district
court of competent jurisdiction is to be punished
by a fine of not less than $250, and be impris-
oned in the District prison for a term not less
than three months nor more than one year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know what the
bill is or what wc are voting upon, it is impos-
sible to hear any thing. Will the Senator from
Maine tell us what it is about?
Mr. MORRILL. I will explain it. There
has been a practice prevalent in the jail of this Dis-
trict of enlisting from the jail the criminals and
persons confined there charged with crime assub-
stitutes; and the employes in the jail have been
implicated m the practice. This is to correct that
evil, and to impose a penalty upon such practices.
That is the whole of it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MILEAGE TO CLAIMANTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up the
unfinished business when we took a recess this
morning.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
