THE
SIGNAL'
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session. >'
SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1865.
New Series No. 88. ^
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. A resolution to pay
mileage to the Senators elected from Arkansas
and Louisiana.
Mr. SUMNER. When was that offered?
Mr. SPRAGUE. At seven o'clock this morn-
ing-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution he has indicated.
. Mr. BROWN and Mr. SUMNER objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not compe-
tent for Senators to object to the Senator's mo-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a resolution offered to-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands it has had its first reading. It is therefore
competent for any Senator to object to another
reading on the same day.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is not a joint reso-
lution; it is a resolution of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolution
which takes money from the contingent fund, re-
quiring three separate readings, like a bill or joint
resolution.
EMIL COHEN.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 787, changing
the name of Emil Cohen.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which authorizes Emil Cohen, of
the city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, from and after its passage, to take and use
the surname of Comely, and that his name here-
after be Emil Comely; and all acts done and en-
tered into by him under that name are to have the
same effect and operation in law as if his name
had originally been Emil Cornely, of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
• amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move, on behalf of the
Committee on Commerce, that the Senate take up
and concur with the House in the passage of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 178) to auihorize the
continuation of the Joint Committee on Commerce
of the Senate and House of Representatives after
the 4ili day of March, 1865, to complete their in-
vestigations and make their report on the subject
of trade with the rebellious States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, ps
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
whether we can continue members of the House,
whose terms expire on the 4th of March, as mem-
bers of committees of the House. I do not think
it is within the power of Congress to continue the
term of a member of Congress beyond the con-
stitutional period.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a sub-committee
from thaCommittee on Commerce in each House.
I suppose it is competent for the body to continue
the services of those individuals,although they
cannot continue them as a committee. The res-
olution, however, does continue the members of
that sub-Committee on Commerce on the part of
the House.
Mr. GRIMES. The trouble about that is we do
not know, and it is not known to anybody, that
any one has been elected to the next House of
Representatives, and there certainly has been no
Committee on Commerceappointed for the House
whose term commences at twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. It only continues the ser-
vices of those individuals who have been members
"of that committee.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the language of the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read. I should
like to hear it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, $c., That the Committee on Commerco oa the I
88
part of the Senate, and the Committee on Commerce on
the part of the House, acting as a joint committee in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress for the investigation of trade with
the rebellious States, by virtue of the lesolutious of the
House of Representatives and the concurrent resolution of
the Senate and House, be continued after the 4th day of
March, 1865, for the purpose of closing their investigations
and making their report. And thejreport when completed
shall, together with the evidence taken, be filed with the
Clerk of the House, and the same be printed. And the
chairman of either of the said committees shall have power
to issue subpenas and compel the attendance of witnesses
in the same manner as the Speaker of the House or Pres-
ident of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. It is evident that this Con-
gress has no power to continue any of its com-
mittees in session after twelve o'clock to-day. I
therefore move that the resolution be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills;.which were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 667) to provide for two as-
sistant local inspectors of steamboats in t^ie city
of New York, and for two local inspectors at
Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish the board of
local inspectors at Wheeling; and also to amend
the act approved June 8, 1864, entitled "An act
to create an additional inspector of steamboats
and two local inspectors of steamboats for col-
lection districts of Memphis and Oregon, and for
other purposes;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 807) to authorize the coin-
age of three-cent pieces, and for other purposes.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 307. I desire to press a vote upon it. I un-
derstand the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
is entitled to the floor upon it when itis.taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill (H. R. No. 401) re-
ported from the Committee on Territories.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) There is a pending motion. The
Senator from Michigan moves to postpone all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 307) to regulate commerce
among the several States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe this is whtkis known
as the Camden and Amboy bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. CLARK. I should like to have the Sen-
ator from Michigan explain the nature of the bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a bill regulating com-
merce among the several States. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor upon it, but if
he is not here to retain his possession of the floor
I ask the Senate to come to a vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate and open for consideration, and
upon it the Senator from Maine is entitled to the
fltior. The bill is in the Senate, and the question
is on ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. HALE. There is an amendment pending.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the gentleman
from Michigan will not press the bill, as the Sen-
ator from Maine, who has the floor upon it, is out
of the Chamber for the moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending to the bill, which is now in.
order.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment proposed
by Mr. Wilson, to add the following ets an ad-
ditional section:
jlnd be it further enacted, That no citizen of the United
States shall be excluded 1'rom travel upon any railroad or
navigable water within the United States on account of
or by reason of any State law or ratmlaipal or<ita£U*eu,or
of any rule, regulation, or usage of any corporation, com
pany.or person whatever; and all citizens of the tlml.-il
States shall be subject and amenable to the same laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations, and usages; ami any corpo-
ration, company, or person offending against iht* provisions
of this act shall, upon conviction in any court ol tile Uni-
ted States, be punished by a flue of not less than $600, or
by imprisonment not less than six momhb : Pro t ided, 'i'liitl
nothing herein contained shall interfere Willi nnv execu-
tive order inadeuuder the laws of the United Suites.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope thai amendment
will not prevail, as there is hardly time to send
the bill back to the other House if it should be
amended. The bill is very plain and simple
in its provisions as it came from the House. I
hope therefore that the amendment will be voted
down, and that we shall come to a vole on tha
bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by insefting in the third line after the word
"States," the words, " nor from any meeting-
houses, churches, or hotels." [Laughter.]
Mr. NESM1TH. I should like to hear the
amendment read as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlrul be it further enacted, That no citizen ©f tija
United Slates shall be excluded liwti travel any rail-
road or navigable watt-r within tiie United States, norfrom
any meeting-houses, churches, or hot<'b, on account of or
by reason of any State iavv or municipal ordinance, or of
any rulo, regulation, or usage ol'any coiporatiou, company,
or person whatever; and all citizens ol the United Slates
shall be subject and amenable to die same laws, ordinances,
rules, regulations, and usages ; and any corporation, com-
pany, or person offending Mguinst the provision* ol this act
shall, upon conviction in any court of the United States,
be punched by a tine ol not less Ulan $500, or by imprison-
ment not less khan six mouths: Provided, That nothtng
herein contained shall Intertere witii any executive order
made under tiie law* of tile United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill by inserting after the words " United States"
where they first occur the words "or any other
country." [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
now in order, not being an amendment to the
pending amendment. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts as
amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Collnmer, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolittle, Farwdl, Foster, Grime*, Hale, Henderson, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmltli, Pomeioy, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wade, Willey, Wilson, ami Wright—21,
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davi*, Howard, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, MeDougall, Motgan, Nye, Powell, Rampey,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Trumbull—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, CarfUe, Con-
ness, Foot, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Hendricks, Johnson,
Richardson, Riddle, Sauisbury, Vau Winkle, and Wilkin-
son—15.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. NESM1TH. I now move that the bill be
referred to the committee on the conduct of the
war. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER, I hope not. I hope wa
shall now lake'a vote on the bill. I believe the
discussion is through. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yens und nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 15; as follows:-
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Collanier, Cowan,Davis, Dixon,
Hale, Lane of Indiana, McDougail, Morrill, Nesuuth, Pow-
eli, Ten Eyck, Trumbuii, and Wright—14.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Howard, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, CarUl**, Con-
xresg, Doolittle, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hurdmy,
Ilarlan, Ham?*, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,
Richardson, Riddle, Sauisbury, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL.' Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote.
Mr. MORRILL. There is but half an hpur
left to pass this bill, and I am inclined to think
thut is not time enough. The Senator from Mae-
