#28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
vice shall be expended otherwise than in accordance with
the^ following provision, so far a# it is applicable; that is
to say, that the President, by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint a Boaid of Admhalty,
which f-hall consis-t of the vice admit ai ami one rear ad-
miral, one commodore, one captain, one commander, and
one lieutenant commander, over which the Secretaiy of
the Navy or tite officer highest in tank present shall preside;
and when the subject under consideration shall appertain
to the duties of any bureau in the Navy Department, the
chief of such bureau shall be a member of the buard, and
entitled to sit and, vote on the consideration of the subject.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the hoard shall
deliberate in common, and advise the Secretary on any mat-
ters submitted by him relating to naval organization, naval
legislation, the construction, equipment, and armament of
vessels, navy-yards, and other naval establishments, and
the direction, employment, and deposition of the naval
forccs in time of war. All such opinions shall be lecorded.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted,Tlmi no vessel-of-war
shall be built or materially altered, nor any guns of new
construction ordered or adopted, nor any engine for any
vessel-of*vvar adopted or ordered, norany permanent struc-
ture for naval seivice executed, until the plans, estimates,
proposals, and contracts for the same tdmll have been sub-
mitted to the board,and its opinion and advice thereon com-
municated in writing to the Secretaiv; noi shall any pat-
ented invention be bought or adopted forihe naval service
"without first the opinion of the boaid thereon having been
taken ; and all experiments decided to rrM inventions and
naval plans and structures shall be conductcd under the in-
spection of the board, or members thereof named by the Sec-
retary, and submitted to the boaid lot in opinion thereon.
Sec.—. JJnd be it further enacted. That all invitations
for plans or proposals for any of the woiks above mentioned
shall be prepared by the board, subject to the approval of
the Secretary ; and all bids or oftWs or proposals for the
same shall be opened in the piesenee of the board, and the
award made by it subject to the approval of the Secretary.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the Sectetaiy
may add to the board from lime to time other officers of
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three at any time, for consultation on any of the
above subjects. The boaid may take the opinion of emi-
nent practical engineers, mechanic*., machinists, and archi-
tects, in their respective branches ol ait or industry, when
in their opinion the public service will be promoted by it,
and pay them such reasonable compensation as the Secie-
tary may approve.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas GO, nays 70, not voting 52;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*, JamesC. Allen, Ancona, Daily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Bo\d,Cox,Ctavcns, Henry
Wintei Davis, TIjouhh T. J)avis, Dawson, I>riggx, Eden,
FmcU, Gausoit. Gat Held. JIuIl, Ilm rni'ftoti, !li by, llohnan,
A*>nhcl W. Hubbard, Uulburd, Philip Johnson, Julian, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knappj Knox,Le Ulond, Long, Longyeai,
ftleClurg, Me In doe ? MeKinnoy, iUiddleton, Samuel 1«\ ^IjI-
ler, Morrill, Daniel jYlotiir., Jamea 11. Moi us, jVoble, John
O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Piice, Piuvu, lloss, Sehenck,
Shannon, Smithers, Stevens, Stiles, Suouse, To\vm>end,
Upson, W.idssworth, Elihu 15. Wa&hbuine, Jo&cph W.
White. Williams, and Wildei—GO.
NAYS—Messis, Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Blow, Boutwell, Biandegne,
ttiooniiill, William O. ihowu. Chanler, Ambrose W. Claik,
Cobb, Dawes, Deming, Dumont, Kekiey, Ktlgeiton, Kl-
dridge, Eliot, English, FariiMvoith, Fiank, Gtider, Grm-
•nell,Gnswold, Hale, Benjamin G. Hants, Charles M. llur-
Jls, He.rj'ick, Hooper, John II. Hubbard, ingetsoll, Jonekes,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Law, Loan, Maivin, Amos
Myers, Not ion. Odell, Ohailes 0;.Vel!l, Pattei-on, Peiham,
Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, William II. Randall, Alt .Minder II.
Rice, John 11. Riee, Kogeis, Edw.nd II. Bollins. James S.
Rollins, Sprddmg, John B. Steele, Sweat, Van Valkenlmigh,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, Wilson,
Wiiidoin, Winfitdd, Fernando Wood, Woodbndgo, and
Yramim—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Blair, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Blown, Fieeman t'laike,
Clay, CofTroth,Cob*, Creswel', Denton, Di\on, Donnelly,
Ooocb, Harding, Hotehkiss, Hutehms, William Johnson,
Kaibflcis-eh, Kanson, Kernan, King, Lazear, Lmlcjohu,
Malloiy, Maicy,iMc Alliftei',McBude', McDowell, William
il. Miller, Moorhead. Mouihon, Leonatd Myers, Nelson,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Uobiuson, ScoOcld, Scott,
tMoan, Smith, Stair, William G. Steele, Stuait, Thajei,
Thomas, Tracy, Voorhees, Webster, Chilton A. White,
Benjamin Wood, and Worihtngton—52.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Goocu, had been compelled to leave the House
by Ulnesss.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. MORRILL. J ask unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Resoh'ti, That on ami after Wudiu-sday next, except
Saturday*, unless otherwise ordered, the Ilouse will take
a recess daily at thirty minutes after lour o'clock, p. m.,
to meet again at seven o'clock,p. m.,for the transaction oi
business.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
Mr. MORRILL moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and two thirds voting
in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COUNTING THE ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table and put upon its
passage a concurrent resolution sent to us from
the Senate to-day in reference to counting the
electoral votes.
No objection being made, the resolution was
taken up,considered, and agreed to; as follows:
Resolved by the Senutcy (the Ilouse of Representatives
concurring therein,) That the following be added to the
joint rules of the two Houses, namely :
The two Houses shall assemble m the Hall of the House
of Representatives at the bout of one o'clock p m., on the
second Wednesday in Februaiy next succeeding the meet-
ing of the electors of President and Vice President of the
United States, and the President of the Senate shall be their
Presiding Ofljcei. One teller shall be appointed on the part
of the Senate, and two on the paitof the House of Repie-
sentativesto whom shall be handed, as they are opened by
the PieMdent of the Senate, the certificates of the electoral
votes; and said tellers havms read the same in the pres-
ence and heating of the two House* thus assembled, shall
make a list of the votes a> they shall appear J'lom the j-ald
certificatesj and the votes having been counted, the result
of the same .shall be delivered to the Pre&ideni of the Sen-
ate, who shall thereupon announce the state ol the vote
and the names ol the poisons, if any, elected, which an-
nouncement shall be deemed a ■MilVieientdeclaiJUion of the
persons elected President and Vice President of the United
States, and, together with a list of the votes, be enteied on
the Journals of the two Houses.
li, upon the lending of any such certificate by the tellers,
any question shall au«e m regaid to counting the"vote«,
theieiu ceitified, the same having been Hated by the Pie-
suhng Officer, the Senate .shall thereupon withdraw, and
said question shall be submitted to that body loi its decis-
ion ; and the Speaker of the House ofRe[>ie>entativcs, shall
in like manner submit faui quetaiou to the Hoiw; of Rep-
resentatives foi its decision ; and no question shall be de-
cided afhrmauvely, and no vote objected to shall be counted,
except by the eoneuiient vote-, oi' the two Hoiim^, which
being obtained, the iu n Jloiis-es shall immediately i('assem-
ble, and the Picsidmg Ollicer shall then announce the de-
cision of the question submitted ; and upon any such ques-
tion there shall be no debute iu either House. And any
other question peitnient to the object for which the two
Houses ate assembled may be submitted and deteimined
in like manner.
At «ueh joint meeting of the two IJnuee* 'seat'? shall be
provided as follow?: lor the President ot the Senate, the
Speakei's chait ; for the Speakei, a chan immediately
upon his left ; foi the Senator.-, in the body of the Hall upon
the t tght of the Piesidmg OfFieet ; tor the Representatives,
in the body of the Hall noi occupied by the Senator^ ; for
the tellers, Secretary of the Senate and*Clerk of the House
of Represent Uives, at the fin |v\ desk; Inr ihe other ofli-
eeis oi the two Houses, in tiont of the Clcik's desk and
upon cithei side of the Speaker's platform.
Sut li joint meeting shall not be dnsolved until the elec-
toial votes are all counted and tiio tesult declated, and no
iecess shall be taken unless a question shall have arisen in
resjatd to the counting of any oi such \ote, in which ease u
shall be competent !>>r either House, acting separately, in
the mantlet fieienibefore piovided, to diieet a teeess not
beyond the next day at the hom of one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the vote by which
the resolution was agreed to be reconsidered; and
also moved that the nfotion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUOTAS OF THE SEVERAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. CHANLER. J ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following- resolution:
Resolccdy That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby,
duccted to communicate to this House ,u an eailv day the
ha«is upon whieh the quotas of the difleient disti iet-> o"f the
States have been established and adjusted undei each of
the several calls for tioops by the Ptesident of the United
States, together with a detailed statement of the number
of troop-s and seamen furnished by each State and district
since the outbieak of the icbelliou, with their respective
terms of seivice.
Mr. UPSON". I object.
At a subsequent stage of the proceedings Mr.
Upsoji withdrew his objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection
to the introduction of the resolution?
Mr. GARFIELD. I shall object unless the
gentleman modifies it by putting in the words
44 if not incompatible with the public interest."
Mr. CHANLER. 1 have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. ICELLEY. 1 object to the introduction
of the resolution.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS the Committee
of Wayfc and Means were discharged from the far-
ther consideration of a memorial of the citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for increased hos-
pital accommodations at that place; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a special order for
to-day which now properly comes before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The special order now be-
fore the House, if the House proceeds to its con-
sideration, is the bill in reference to reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
postpone that matter for two weeks.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and forty min-
utes, p.m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 7, ]865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN,and byunani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiieiison, its Cleik, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
concurrent resolution of the Senate proposing an
additional joint rule of the two Houses, providing
that the two Houses shall assemble on the sec-
ond Wednesday in February next after the meet-
ing of the clectois of President and Vice President
of the United States, in the Hall of the Ilouse of
Representatives, for the purpose of opening and
counting the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent; and prescribing the rules for the proceed-
ings of the two Houses in such joint meeting.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R. No.
G7G) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866.
TRADE WITII REBEL STATES.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed a concurrent reso-
lution to authorize the Committee on Commerce
on the part of the Senate to join the Committee
on Commerce on the part of the Ilouse, for the
purpose of making certain investigations m re-
gard to trade with the States m lebellion, and
making said committees ti joint committee for
the purpose of completing said investigations;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
Air. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the concurrent res-
olution just communicated from the House of
Representatives in relation to the investigation of
the subject of trade with the States in rebellion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pio-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Commit-
tee on Commeice on the pai t of the Senate be joined with
the committee on the patt of the lIou-e in the investiga-
tion'; which said Committee on Coifrmeice ate now en-
jMitcd in, under  c&ohitioris of the Ilouse of Jamiarj 20,
IM.% and Januaiy 2."), 18Gj, in repaid to trade with the
Slates tit lebellion, to constitute a joint committee tor the
purpose ot completing said investigation*; and that the
t-aid joint committee have the same powers a^ the Com-
mittee on Commeice of the Ilouse now have on the sub-
ject of said investigation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
concur m the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
TELLER TO COUNT PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The joint rule which has
been adopted by the two Plouses in regard to
counting the votes for President and Vice Pies-
ident to-morrow makes it the duty of the Senate
to appoint one teller on its part and the House to
appoint two. I move that the President of the
Senate appoint the teller on the part of the Senate.
