1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The motion was agreed to, and the Vice Pres-
ident appointed Mr. Trumbull.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. G76) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 18G6, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Financo.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of merchants
of the city of New York for the construction of a
national ship-canal from Lake Erie to Lake On-
tario; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of book-
sellers and newspaper publishers, praymgfor the
repeal of the impost on chemicals, feltmgs, wire-
cloths, and other articles used in the manufacture
of paper, and also the abolition of the excise tax;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of field
and hue officers of the thirty-first regiment Uni-
ted States colored troops, praying that a brevet
second lieutenant drawing the pay of the grade
may be authorized by law to be appointed for
each company of the United States colored troops;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of booksellers and
newspaper publishers, praying for the repeal of
the impost on chemicals, feltmgs, wire-cloths, and
other articles used in the manufacture of paper,
and also the abolition of the excise tax; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL. I present the petition of H.
C. Ingersoll, Mary Wendell, and Nancy J. Spald-
ing, who represent that the us<? of foreign luxuries
of apparel tends to take the gold from the country
and to depreciate our national currency; that those
persons who desire to purchase American fabrics
only have found themselves unable to distinguish
the productions of our own country from the fact
that the best American goods are put into the mar-
ket with a foreign stamp upon therri; that our man-
ufacturers and merchants have combined to perpet-
uate this wide-spread falsehood; that this course
is detrimental to the public conscience, and inju-
rious to our national honor and to the American
name; and they therefore ask that Congress place
such a tariff of duties upon foreign luxuries of
apparel as shall amount to prohibition, thus ren-
dering it impossible that the extent and variety of
American'goods shall longer be concealed, and
making the fact plainly discernible to the large
number of persons who earnestly desire to pro-
mote the best interests of their country that they
can clothe themselves with neatness and good taste
in American fabrics. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 present seventeen petitions
of officers in the military service of the United
States, praying for an increase of the pay of Army
officers. As the Committee on Military Affairs,
to whom such petitions have been referred,have
made a report, 1 move that these petitions lie on
the table.
Mr. WILSON also presented the memorial of
A. C. S wartzwelder, surgeon United States vol-
unteers, remonstrating against an.increase of the
pay of Army officers; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of officers
in the military service of the United States, pray-
ing for an increase of the pay of Army ofnceis;
which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented three petitions of ministers
of the gospel and pastors of churches, praying
that ministers of the gospel may be exempted from
military duty; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad fiom El-
wood, via Marysville, to the Big Bend of the Re-
publican river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on PubhcLands, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 307.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator moves
to take up that bill, which I suppose will take
some time, I ask 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator has a press-
ing matter of business before the Senate, I will
move the postponement of this bill until the day
after to-morrow at one o'clock, and that it be made
the special order for that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to take up the bill (H. R. No.
307) to regulate commerce among the several
States.
Mr TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator not to
press that motion until I can call up a resolution
which I laid upon the table some days ago in
reference to the constitutional amendment, which
ought to be acted upon. I desire to make a short
statement as to the practice of the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Michigan withdraw his motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, but I am willing
to let it be passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator either
withdraws the motion or he does not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to make the con-
sideration of the bill the spccial order for Thurs-
day next at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan first moves to take up the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I desire
to say a word. I have been trying now faithfully
for three weeks to get the attention of the Senate
to the consideration of public bills reported by
the Committee on Finance. .On Thursday next,
at farthest, we ought to take up the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill. We
are getting behind-hand in business. The bill
which the Senator from Michigan seeks to call up
is, I understand, the bill about the railroads, a
controveited subject, which will lead to long ar-
gument, and cannot be acted upon without serious
debate. I trust, therefore, it will not be made a
special order to stand directly in the way of the
legislative business of Congress which must be
acted on.
1 feel it to be my duty, occupying the place as-
signed to me by the Senate, to call for the^eas
and nays on the honorable Senator's motion. If,
however, he will allow the bill to stand like other
bills on the Calendar, subject to be called up on
his motion when other business is not pressing,
I shall not have the slightest objection, but shall
vote with him. If he desires to make it the spe-
cial order for Thursday, so that it will interpose
to prevent the ordinary legislative business, it is
my duty to call for the yeas and nays,and let the
Senate decide the question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to antagonize
this measure with any of the Senator's financial
bills, as a matter of course; but I desire to get a
vote on it at the earliest moment. I do not think
it will lead to further discussion. I have taken
great pains to give an opportunity to every Sen-
ator to consider it during the session, and I think
the speeches are made; at any rate, if they are
not made, it is the fault of those who desire to
speak, not mine. I desire to press the bill to a
vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ThoSenatorfrom Michi-
gan will allow me to say that 1 do not think the
discussion on that question has begun yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Several Senators around
me say they mean to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ThoSenatorfrom
Ohio calls for the yeas and nays on this ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the motion.
The, VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
other business, I ask the Senate to take up the
resolution in reference to the approval of the con-
stitutional amendment by the President, and I
move to postpone all prior orders for that purpose.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to make a report?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall get through with
this matter while the Senator is making, his re-
port, if he will allow me to get it outof the way.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the foUowing resolution, which.wa&
submitted b,y Mr. Trtt^bull bn the 4th instant:
Resolved, That the article of amendment proposed ivy
Congress to be added to the Constitution'of the (hiked
States, respecting the extinction of slavery tlierein, having
been inadvertently presented to the President for'ilia  p-^
proval, it is hereby declared thnt such appioval wasonnc-
cessaiy to give effect to the action of Coiigressin proposing
said amendment, inconsistent with the-former praetice.ift
reference to all amendments to the Constitution heretofore
adopted, and being inadvertently don«,.should not consti-
tute a precedent for the future; and the Secretary is hereby
instructed not to communicate the notice of the approval
of said proposed amendment by the President to the Ilouso
of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since the Government was
formed several amendments to the Constitution
of the United States have been proposed by Con-
gress and adopted by the States. They were all
proposed at three different times; the first series
of ten amendments was proposed in 1789; tho
eleventh amendment was proposed in 1794, and
the twelfth amendment in 1803. The Constitu-
tion of the United States declares that " the Con-
gress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to
this Constitution," which being ratified in the
manner prescribed shall become a part thereof;
and the amendments which have been heretofore
adopted have been adopted under this clause of
the Constitution authorizing Congress to propose
amendments, and those proposed amendments
have never been presented to the President of the
United States for his approval. The clause of
the Constitution which declares that "every bill
which shall have passed the House of Represent-
atives and the Senate, shall, before it become a
law, be presented to the President of the United
States;" and the clause that requires " every
order, resolution, or vote to which the concur-
rencc of the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives may be nccessary (exccpt on a question of
adjournment,") to be " presented to the Presi-
dent of the United States" for his approval, are
not applicable to the proposal of amendments to
the Constitution. Those clauses of the Consti-
tution requiring the approval of the President to
the bills which pass Congress and to the resolu-
tions which pass both Houses, have reference to
ordinary legislative proceedings; and hence3wheii
amendments were proposed in 1789, 1794, and
1803, they were not presented to the President for
his approval.
I have before me a statement prepared by the
Chief Clerk of the Senate, of the different amend-
ments which have been adopted, and the manner
in which they were adopted, from which the fact
I have stated will appear. The question was
raised distinctly in 1803 in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States on a motion that the then proposed
amendment should be submitted to the President:
On motion that the Committee on Enrolled Bills be di-
rected to present to the President of the United States lor
his approbation the resolution which has been pa&sed by
both Houses of Congress proposing to the consideration or
the Stale Legislatures an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States respecting the mode of electing Pres-
ident and Vice President thereof, it was passed in the neg-
ative—yeas 7, nays 23."
On a distinct vote 23 to 7 voted that the Com-
mittee o'n Enrolled Bills should not present the
proposed amendment to the President of the Uni-
ted States for his approval, and it was not pre-
sented to or approved by him. In 1798 a case
arose in the Supreme Court of the United States
depending upon the amendment to the Constitu-
tion proposed in 1794, and the counsel in argu-
ment before the Supreme Court insisted that the
amendment was not valid, not having been ap-
proved by the President of the United States.
This was his argument:
"The amendment has not been proposed In the form
prescribed by the Constitution, and therefore it is void.
Upon an inspection of the onginal roil, it appears* that the
amendment was never submitted to the Picsidutf. for his
approbation. The Constitution declaresthat1 every order,
resolution, or vote, to which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives may bo neces&ary (ex-
cept on a question of adjournment) shall be presented to
the President of the United States; and before the same
shall take effect, shall be approved by him, or being dis-
approved by him, shall be repassed hy two thirds of the
Senate and Hou*e of Representatives,* &c. (Article one,
section seven.) Now, the Constitution likewise declares
that tin: concurrence of both Houses bhaif be necessary to
a proposition for amendments. (Article five.) And it is
no an-wer to the objection to observe that as two thirds or
, both Houses are required to originate the pioposition, it
j would be nugatory to return it with the President's nega-
! tive to bo repassed by the same number, since the rCa-
! con* assigned for his disapprobation might be so satlsiac-
