1865.
JHEjOONaRESSIONAL. QhOM.
>5
tion that no State can gp out of this. Union; and
moreover Congress earinot eject a State from this
Union. Thank God, Tennessee has never been
out of the Union! It is true the operations of her
government were for a time interrupted; there
was an interregnum; but she is still in the Union,
and I am her representative. This day she elects
her Governor and her Legislature, which will be
convened on the first Monday of April, and again
her Senators and Representatives will soon mingle
with those of her sister States; and who shall
gainsay it, for the Constitution requires that to
every State shall be guarantied a republican form
of government?
1 now am prepared to take the oath of office and
renew my allegiance to.lhe Constitution of the
United States.
The oaths prescribed by law were then admin-
istered to the Vice President-elect by the retiring
v icp Pi'A^iHpnf
The VICE PRESIDENT. The term pre-
scribed by the Constitution for the termination of
this Congress having arrived, by virtue of the
authority in me vested I now declare it adjourned
without day.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 3, 1865.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
-by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
READING OF JOURNAL.
The Journal had'been partly read, when
Mr. DAWES moved that the further reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. /object; I think the Journal
had be.tter be read. No quorum is yet present.
Mr. DAWES. I desire simply to introduce a
resolution which I think will give rise to no objec-
tion ordiscussion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to allow-
ing the reading of the Journal to be suspended
until the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has been introduced and
acted on.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
reading of the Journal will be suspended, with the
understanding that it shall be resumed when the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts
shall be disposed of.
There was no objection.
LOUISIANA AND ARKANSAS ELECTION OASES.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, reported
from the.Committee of Elections the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent frfnd
of the [louse to M. F. Bonzano, A. P. Field, W. D. Mann,
T. M. Wells, and Robert W. Taliiaferro, claimants for
seatb in this House as Representatives from Louisiana, and
to T M. J}iek-*,T. M. Johnson, and A. A. C. Rogers, claim-
. ants for seats in this [louse as Representatives from Arkan-
sas, each for compensation, expenses, and mileage, the sum
of $2,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
does this amount to?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state.
Mr. DAWES. This resolution is the result of
a conference between the Committee of Elections
and the Committee on Mileage. It does not allow
the full amount of mileage by any means; that
would amount toagreatueal more. It proposes
simply to allow to each of the claimants the fixed
iumof$2,000. They have been here three months.
They came here, not as adventurers, but under
what tliey supposed to be the policy of the Gen-
eral Government. The Committee of Elections,
adopting that theory, reported in favor of them
all—whether rightly or wrongly no vote of this
House has decided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At the last
session of Congress we fixed, I believe, a sort of
rule, by allowing to one gentleman who claimed a
seat in this House from Louisiana $1,500. I do
not know that I would object to allowing that
amount to each of these claimants. But I think
E can hardly agree that they shall be paid the very
large amount proposed by the resolution. If we
make such large payments to men coming here
in this way, we do not know when they will stop
soming.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say that gentlemen
upon, the Committee of Elections, who were op-
posed to the ad,mission of these men, believed,
from all the circumstances of the case, that
they had prosecuted their claims in good faith,
and from' the encouragement held out to'them
here, had every reason to believe that they would
be admitted. They have been here three months
prosecuting their claims; and I submit to the
House, that whatever theories gentlemen may
have with reference to the right of representation
here, it is but fair to these men that this resolu-
tion should be adopted.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Massachusetts yield to me a mo-
ment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
make a single remark in explanation of the views
under which I and other members on this side of
the House will act upon this subject.
We propose to support this proposition of the
Committee of Elections on the ground that these
gentlemen were encouraged to come here; that
they came here with an honest expectation of ob-
taining seats and in an honest effort to restore
popular government to their States. I think that,
comingas they do, they oughtto have some com-
pensation,aside from any question with regard to
the rights of their States.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allow-me to add to his resolution a
provision for the payment of R. L. B. Clark, of
Iowa, who was a contestant some years ago.
The Committee of Claims have reported in favor
of paying him, and « bill for that purpose is now
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. That very claim was before
the Committee of Elections in a former Congress
of which I was a member, and I believe in the
justice of that claim. This, however, is based
upon different principles, and I desire to have it
put to the House in a way that no man will be
committed to the policy that brought these men
here. I want it to be so put that it cannot be
drawn into a precedent.
Mr. HALE. What harm is there in letting
my amendment come in ?
Mr. DAWES. I am afraid that it would break
it down. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question recurred on the motion to lay oil
the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 11,
noes 55; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Ancona and Dawes.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 30, noes 64.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr.ANCONA demanded the yeasandnays on
the passage of the resolution, and tellers on the
yeas and naiys.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to strike
out the words " claimants for seats."
Mr. DAWES. 1 have no objection, if the gen-
tleman thinks that ought to be done.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to recognize
the idea that anybody on earth thinks that these
men are entitled to seats.
Objection was made.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the Journal
will now be proceeded with.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that it be dispensed
with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 62,
noes 22; no quorum voiine.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my motion.
* B." i; B. rcuifE, "
. Mr. SdL^iAN". 1 inove,to"sSBi nd the'j^a4*
ingof the Journal until the House actsontlie
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Objection was made.
Mr. HALE moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That there he paid to K. 1,., B. Clarke, out of
the contingent fund of the House, as contestant from the
first district of Iowa, in the Thirty-Fourth Congress^thesaHl
of $1,501), for expenses in contesting said election.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When' th*e
House has passed the resolution paying thtse
other men, I do not see how it can refuse to pfliy
Mr. Clarke. Itis the only case where a contestant
has not been paid when the contest was made in
good faith. His case was presented during the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, but rejected by a politi-
cal majority.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me inquire whether the
same Committee of Elections who reported against
Mr. Clarke did not report in favor of giving him
the ordinary pay and mileage of a member of
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believa
they did. I believe every committee th#t has
acted upon this matter has reported in favor of the
payment of the claim.
Mr. HALE. It is to pay him his expenses,
and not mileage and per diem.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shouldba
opposed to payment in any case where the party
did not make a contest in good faith and show a
prima facie claim to a seat in this House.
Mr. NOBLE. I desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yielding to any amendment
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot yield the floor except uncon-
ditionally.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
knowofthe gentleman from Pennsylvaniawhether
this is a joint resolution or not.
Mr. HALE. It is not a joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If not a joint
resolution it will do no good.
Mr. DAWES. This will not come out of the
contingent fund, but out of a general appropria-
tion. The claim which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania presents is a claim which was contingent
to another House, and therefore there should "be
an appropriation to pay it, if it is paid at all. -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman to modify his resolution and make
it a joint one.
Mr. HALE. I will not do that, but by per-
mission of the House I will withdraw my reso-
lution and move that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (H.R. No. 256) for the relief of R.L.B.
Clarke, and that the same be brought before the
House for action.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill Was
before the House, f
Mr. NOBLE. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I cannot; for the amendment
the gentleman desires to offer will kill the bill.
I call for the previous question. 1
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the Journal
must be resumed, unless it is dispensed with by
a vote of the Housp.
Mr. COX. I move that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Objection was made.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules toeli-
able me to make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
KXECUTIVB COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKF.R, by unanimous conssnt,: laid
before the Hiuwe a communication from tho Sec-
retary of War transmitting, in compliance<with
