1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 3^
the act of August 26, 1862, a statement of the
expenditures from the appropiiation for the con-
tingencies of Ifls Department for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1864; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
HUGH M. MAKTIN.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to suspend the reading
of the Journal to enable me to introduce a reso-
lution.
The motion was agreed to.
p Mr. NOBLE, i introduce the following res-
olution:
Jte«oft>e<*,That there be paid to Hugh M. Martin, out of
ihe contingent fund ot* the House of Representatives, the
tieual mileage and pay up to the day when he withdrew
His contest pefore the Committee of Elections as a con-
testant for a s«at in the Thirty-Eighth Congress as a Rep-
(esentative from the fourth district of the State of Iowa.
Thia resolution is introduced in behalf of Hugh
M. Martin, who, by the home vote of the fourth
congressional district of the State of Iowa, was
elected by some nine hundred and odd majority.
This election took place prior to any decision
against the constitutionality of the soldiers' vot-
ing law of that State.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the gentleman whether or not Mr. Martin,
the claimant, was not a member of the Legisla-
ture which passed that faw; and whether, as a
member of the Legislature, he did not vote for
that law, upon the unconstitutionality of which
he afterward contested the election?
Mr. NOBLE. Mr. Martin, I understand, was
a member of the lower House of the Legislature
of Iowa, and he probably sustained that law; but
1 will say that up to the time of the passage of
this law the constitutionality of the question had
not been decided. After Mr. Martin was elected
by over nine hundred majority on the home vote
of hie district it was found that by counting the
soldiers' votes, cast out of the State, he was de-
feated. Thereupon he was advised by his friends
that according to the decistons of all the couits
which up to that time had adjudicated upon the
question the law was unconstitutional. Then he
came here and made this contest in good faith.
The district court of the State of (owa, which is
next to the court of last resort in that State, de-
cided aguiiisttheconstitutionality of the law; the
supreme court of Pennsylvania decided against
the constitutionality of a similar law; the courts
of Connecticut decided against the constitution-
ality of a similar law; and the courts of New
Hampshire did the same thing.
Mr, THAYER. 1 wish to say that the decis-
ion to which the gentleman refers as being made
by the courts of Pennsylvania has been reversed
by the people ot Pennsylvania.
Mr. NOBLE. I concede that, but it does not
alter the question of the good faith with which
this man entered into thecontf st. 1 concede that
by a change of the judges of the supreme court
of the State of Pennsylvania that decision was
reversed. But it had not been reversed when Mr,
Martin oame here to make his contest He came
in good faith. He remained here until the 1st
day of February, contesting this question. On
thatday he heard for the first time that the question
had been adjudicated in the supreme court of
Iowa, the State from which he came; and recog-
nizing thatdecisiori as binding upon him, he with-
drew his contest for useat,and merely asked that
the committee might report in favor of allowing
him compensation up to that time.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether,
counting the soldiers' vote, there was any doubt
about the majority'.
Mr. NOBLE. I think not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then he prosecuted his con-
test here with the view to deprive the soldiers of
their votes. That is the whole of it.
Mr. NOBLE. No,sir; not to deprive the sol-
diers of their votes. As I have said,the district
court in the State of Iowa, presided over by a gen-
tleman who was not a political partisan of Mr.
Martin, had decided that the law of Iowa in ref-
erence to the soldiers' vote-was unconstitutional.
I ask, then, whether he had not the right to recog-
nize the decision of thatcourtas correct. He did
so. He came here, backed by a judicial decision
of the highest tribunal of his own State that had
adjudicated the question. He made his contest,
backed by that decision. Whent however, on
an appeal to the supreme court that tribunal
reversed the decision previously given by the dis-
trict court, Mr. Martin, recognizing the binding
force of that decision, withdrew his contest.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 would like to
make a statement of facts in connection with this
case.
Mr. NOBLE. I cannot yield to the gentleman
for that purpose. If there is any question which
he desires to ask I will endeavor to answerit.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. In order that the
facts may be presented to the House I wish to ask
this question: was not Mr. Grinnell elected,
counting the soldiers* vote, by a majority of some
fourteen hundred?
Mr. NOBLE. I cannot answer aa to the num-
ber of votes.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. This question of
the legality of the soldiers' votes depended, as 1
understand, upon an act of the Legislature of
Iowa.
Mr. NOBLE. I have answered substantially
the question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] I have said that, counting the
soldiers' vote, Mr. Grinnell was clearly elected.
I have said that, not counting the soldiers' vote,
cast beyond the territorial limits of the State of
Iowa, Mr. Martin was elected by a large major-
ity. I have said also that J^lr. Martin founded
his contest upon a judicial decision. No judicial
tribunal in the United States had decided m favor
of a similar law to that the constitutionality of
which he disputed. He was backed, not only by
the highest judicial decision that had been made
in his own State, but by the highest in the State
of Pennsylvania, the highest in the State of New
Hampshire, and the highest in the State of Con-
necticut. He came here in good faith and made
his contest. But when the supreme court of Iowa
reversed the decision that had previously been
made he withdrew his contest.
Mr. Speaker, I move tne previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to know whether the
Committee of Elections have passed upon this
claim and recommend its payment.
Mr. NOBLE. I understand that the Committee
of Elections are ready to report in favor of the
measure.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that thecommit-
tee are not ready.
Mr. NOBLE. I understand that the Commit-
tee of Elections were ready to report on this case'
if it could have been referred to them before.
Mr. DAWES. There has been no hearing be-
fore the committee upon the question of compen-
sation, nor indeed upon the merits of the case; for
the contestant withdrew his claim before any ac-
tion had been taken. There has been no hearing
before the committee upon the subject.
Mr. NOBLE, i have spoken to differentmem-
bcrs of the committee, and they have expressed
• themselves as ready to hear and report upon the
I case. But it was never in my power to get the
resolution referred to them. Hence they have not
reported.
I move the previous question,
Mr. WILSON addressed the Chair.
Mr. NOBLE. 1 cannot yield.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
On agreeing to the motion there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 57, noes 41.
Mr. NOBLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 48, not voting 67;
as follows:
YEAS—Moms. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, John D- Baldwin, Baxter, Benman, Blaine, Bouiwell,
Kraudegee, Bmouiail, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke
Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis. Thomas T. Duviss, Deal-
ing, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckiey, Eliot, English, Farn*worth,
Frank, Garlieki, Uoocti* Higbv, HotcUkiss, Asuhel W.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, iiulburd, Ingersoll, Jencke?,
Ki'!ley,Lut!ejohu, Longyear, Marvin,McClurg,Moorhead,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Norton, Chatles O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Perharu, Pik«, Price, Johu H. Rjce, Edward IL
Rollins, Schenek, Scofield, Sloan, Smitbers, Spalding,
Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh,Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
and Woodbridge—67.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blair, Brooks, James S. liiown, Cotlroth, Cox,
Demson, Eden, Edgett m, Fincfc, Gannon, Griswold, Hale,
Herrick, Philip Johnson, Kernan, Knapp, Lazear. Long,
Marcy, Middleton, William H. Miller, Noble, John O'Neill,
Perry, Pituyo, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William U.
Randall, JameS S. Iiollins, Boss, Scott, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stile-, Slrouse, Stu.irt, Sweat,
Thomas, Townsend, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, and Yea-
'n NOT ^VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Baily,
Bliss, Blow, Boyd, William G. Brown Chunler, Clay,
Cravens, Creswell, Dawes, Dawson.Dixon, Duin-mt, Eld-
ridoe, Grider, Grinnell, Hall, Harding, Harringtc-i, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, diaries M. Harris, Uoliuan, Hooper,
HiitchiiiK, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfie.isch, Kasson,
Francis W. Kelioj®, Orlando Kellosf!, K1115, Knox, Law,
Le Blond, Loan, Mallorv,MeAllister.McBriilo, MeDou ell,
McJndoe, MeKninej, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, J.irnes
R. Morris, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Neli-on, Odell, Pen-
dleton, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Ilice, Robinson, Rogers,
Shannon, Starr, Upson, Vourhees. Wnd*worih, W;,kI.
Chilton A. White. Joseph W. White, Windom, Winfiey,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Wortliington—67.
So the resolution was laid 011 the table.
PUBLIC PRINTING PAPER.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the reading of the Journal to submit
a report from the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I am
directed to report back from the Committee on
Printing, House joint resolution No. 174, to
amend the joint resolution entitled "A joint res-
olution in relation to the public priming," ap
proved June 23, 1860, with a substitute. The
substitute provides that the Superintendent of
Public Printing shall be authorized to purchase
the paper required for the public printing by ac-
cepting the sealed proposals of the lowest bidder
or bidders for any specific pprtion or portions or
the whole amount of any particular kind of pa-
per required, for either three months, six months,
or one year; the minimum portion to be specified
by the Superintendent in his advertisement for
proposals, and to be as low as in his judgment
will most increase competition and be most ad-
vantageous to the United States in all other re-
spects. Further, that the proposals and contracts
shall be subject to the conditions and requirements
ofexistinglaw, and any contractor failing to com-
ply with the terms'of his contract under this res-
olution shall be liable to the same extent and in
the same manner as provided in like cases in the
resolution hereby amended. And it shall be the
duty of the Superintendent to report fully in re-
gard to the proposals and contracts for paper in
his annual report to Congress, and also in regard
to the proposals and contracts for lithographing
and engraving.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask whether that has no!
already been provided form the appropriation bill.
Mr. BALDW IN, of Massachusetts. The res-
olution referred to the committee was introduced
by a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the substitute I will say has his ap-
proval. I understand that it has not been pro-
vided in the appropriation bill. The manufac-
turers of paper cannot bid for the whole amount,
because they cannot manufacture the whole
amount, and this enables them to bid fur any por-
tion of it. 1 demand the previous question
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to: *
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the prelim-
inary report, and any further report to be hereafter m:ide
by the JointOouinimee on Commerce of ibe Senate and the
House, together with ail the testimony taken and to be
taken, be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on Printing
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
ftttahwd, That three Uiousaud &xtra «opies of ihe report
