1805.
THE COIfGRESSIQIf AL GLOBB.
efthe Committee on PuliUc Expenditures, together with the
accompanying testimony in regard to ttie New York cus-
tom-iiouse, be printed for the use of this'House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed ;'a(id
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask unanimous consent
that the rules be suspended, in order to allow the
Committee of Claims fifteen minutes of the time
of the House In order finally to dispose of the
business now before that committee.
No objection was made.
COLONEL WILLIAM GATES.
Mr. HOLM AN reported, from the Committee
of Claims, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Colonel Wil-
liam Gates, United States Army.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FliOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of its clerks, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 774) to es-
tablish certain post routes, with sundry amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
LOYAL CITIZENS OF LOUDOUN COUNTY.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. WEBSTER. I will make a brief state-
ment of the substance of this joint resolution, so
as to take away the necessity of reading it at
length.
Mr. PIKE. Let the joint resolution be re-
ported.
• The Clerk commenced reading the joint reso-
lution. It directs the Quartermaster General to
pay certain sums from any moneys appropriated
for the use of the Quartermaster General's depart-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, named in the joint resolution.
Before the reading of the joint resolution was
completed,
Mr. WEBSTER said: The remainder of the
joint resolution is taken up with names and sums.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
better be read, so that we may see how much is
Mr. WEBSTER. The total amountis$60,000.
There is 110 other explanation than that given in
the first part of the joint resolution. Then it pro-
poses to give certain sums to A B, C D, E F, G
H, and so on, for about two hundred names.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As far as I
can understand it, this is one of the most objec-
tionable measures that we could be called upon to
pass. I will raise the point of order if it involves
in appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is not an appropriation bill
under the rules of the House. It provides for
payingcertainamountsfrom moneys appropriated
for the use of the Quartermaster General'a depart-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill appropriates for
sundry persons in Loudoun county, Virginia, the
proceeds of certain property seized and sold for
the benefit of the Government. I do not think
there can be any advantage from reading over all
these items.
Mr. ASHLEY. When was this property
taken > <
Mr. WEBSTER. This property was taken
under an order of General Sheridan to destroy
the forage, barns, and mills in Loudoun county,
and to carry off the live stock; which was all done
in the couise of a few days. This joint resolu-
tion does not propose to pay at all for the prop-
erty destroyed; it does not involve that principle.
It proposes to pay over to the loyal citizens—not
disloyal citizens; they have been very carefully
excluded from this resolution—the tnoney which
the Government has received from the sale of the
live stock taken from these loyal citizens. This
live stock'was driven off to York, Pennsylvania,
and there sold for the benefit of the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Where is
there any evidence to show the loyalty of the par-
ties provided for here? And is there notalaw of
Congress which absolutely confiscates the prop-
erty of these parties?
Mr. WEBSTER. No, sir; and the evide'nce
upon the desk, which I sent up to the Clerk's
desk with the joint resolution, is full upon that
point, and shows that these are as truly loyal men
as any in the country.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. There may
be some loyal men there. I am told by a friend
near me that a great many of these parties are
loyal men. Perhaps they are, and it may be that
they should be repaid. But 1 do not know that
there is anything here to show that these people
are loyal.
Mr. WEBSTER. The proposition is full and
ample, and General Devens, who appointed the
commissioners to examine into these matters, cer-
tifies to their loyalty.
Mr. ASHLEY. That is all I want.
The question was upon ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WEBSTER called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and unfertile opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back a bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of
John Hastings, collector of the port of Pitts-
"jkfcfwASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does this
bill involve an appropriation?
Mr. HALE, ltdoesnot. It has been passed
by the Senate three several times.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will not be seconded. All I want to say is that
the case has been here eight or ten years. I rec-
ollect hearing a discussion in relation to it in the
Senate, in which a Senator from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Cameron, argued that there was no merit in
the claim, and he said Congress was not bound
to indemnify the party.
The SPEAKER. The fifteen minutes allowed
to the committee to report has expired.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
It cannot be acted on now.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (S.No.
338) for the relief of Charles A. Pitcher.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill being
before the House, was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed. ^
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUBSTITUTES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr: DAVIS,of New York, from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (H. R. No. 798) to prevent the en-
listment of persona charged with crime in the
District of Columbia as substitutes in the Army
or Navy, and to prevent frauds at the District
jail in the city of Washington, with leave to re-
port at any time, reported back the same, with
an amendment.
The first section of the bill provides that from
and after the psssage of the act, it shall be un-
lawful for any person, with Knowledge of the
fact, to present or offer to any recruiting agent of
officer, or to any mustefing-in officer in-4.be Foi-
ted States military or naval service, either tif-w
volunteer or as a substitute for ally otjitf,
person charged with; the commission of any erk H
inal offense, and confined or held on bail fpr: the
trial of such offense, within the, Pistrict o.f Co-
lumbia; and that it shall in like manner be,uu-
lawful for any person, in any way or manne^j to
abet, aid, or assist"in procuring the offer or, Ac-
ceptance of any person so charged or hield for
trial, or released on bail and awaitiog t,ri.al, either
as a volunteer or as a substitute for any permit
drafted or liable to draft in the military or naval
service of the United States, whether the pej'sjon
so drafted or liable to'tlraft slialf "Be a resident of
the District of Columbiaor shall reside elsewhere;
and that any person who shall knowingly offend
against the foregoing provisions, or either of such
provisions, shall be deerfied" gftilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall, upon conviction thereof before
a court of competent jurisdiction in said District,
be punished by a fine of pot less than $250 and
not more than $1,0U0, and by imprisonment in
the District prison for a term not less than six
months nor more than one year.
The second section provides that any officer of
the District jail of the DistrictofColumbia.orany 5
guard thereof, or any attache or employe con-
nected with said jail, who shall demand, or di-
rectly or indirectly receive, any compensation,
fee, reward, or gratuity for any information given
in respect to any prisoner confined therein, or
awaiting trial upon bail, or for any service, assist-
ance, or influence rendered,' given, or exerted,
with any view, intent, or purpose of having such
person thus charged or held for trial, or held on bail
to await trial, taken, offered, or used either as a
volunteer or as a substitute for any other in the mil-
itary or naval service, or who shall corruptly re-
ceive, for any act done by virtue of his office or
employment, any fee, compensation, reward, or
gratuity,shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on conviction thereof in any district
court of competent jurisdiction, be punished by
a fine of not less than $250, and not more than
$1,000, and by imprisonmentin theDistrictprison
for a term not less than three months nor mora
than one year.
The third section provides that the act shall
take effect immediately.
The amendment reported from the committee,,
which was to strike out the third section, was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was" ■
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsid-
ered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was amended by inserting after the
word " substitutes" the words " or volunteers."
LUCRETIA M. PERRY.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported *
back a joint resolution for the relief of Lucretia
M. Perry, widow of Nathaniel H. Perry, late a
purser in the United States Navy.
The bill directs that there be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the surrt of $1,644 90 to Lucretia M. Perry,
widow of Nathaniel H. Perry, late a purser in
the United States Navy, being for money ad-
vanced by her in the settlement of the accounts
of her late husband.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. This bill was sent to
the Committee of Claims,and they unanimously
decided in its favor; but having no opportunity
to make a report the bill was withdrawn and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
have also unanimously recommended it. If any
gentleman desires to know the facts I will have
the report read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Does- this bill make an
appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Then I object toits being
considered in the House.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move to suspend the
rules to allow the biU to be considered in the
House-. • - ''
