632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
citizen may have an opportunity to defend him-
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate in discussing this clause further,
except to say thatifthisamendment shall prevail it
will destroy, as I think, all the efficiency of the
tneasure itself. If it shall be made necessary by
this act to try all these petty offenses before the
ordinaryciviltribunalsofthecounty in which they
' may happen to be committed,if it is necessary to
tali a grand jury to indict the offender in every
case, and a traverse jury to try him, if till the cum-
brous and dilatory machinery of a civil court is
to be employed in every case to punish these
Crimes committed against the interests of the mili-
tary service of the United States, the bill itself
will not be worth, practically, the paper upon
which it is written. The very object of tiie bill
in this respect is to expedite trials and bring them
to a close, and to bring these offenders to speedy
justice. There has been an almost univcrsalout-
cry all over the country in relation to the agents
•and perpetrators in these frauds against the sol-
diers and against the interests of the Government,
and in many cases the outcry has even claimed
' that a penal statute should be enacted by which
they should be hung for defrauding the Govern-
ment and for imposing upon the honest soldiers.
1 trust this amendment will not be made; I trust
the Senate will stand by the bill and continue the
policy which seems to have actuated the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, of subjecting this class
ofoffendeisto tuals by courts-martial. Nothing
short ofit will answer the purpose which is now
demanded.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the attention
of the Senator from Michigan to the point that I
understand was raised by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that this bill proposes to punish a civil-
ian by a military court, which lie seems to think
conflicts with the provision of the Constitution
of the United States providing for the trial by
jury of all crimes except where the party accused
is attached to the military or naval service of the
"United States, It is on that point on which I
should like to hear the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD, if time would allow, 1 cer-
tainly would repeat the views which I expressed
yesterday on that subject, i certainly entertain
no doubt whatever of the competency of Congress
to enact this law. 1 have no doubt of the power
•of Congress to punish as for a militaiy offense
•acts injurious to the military or naval service of
the United States, and intended to injuie that
service, or to obstruct it or impair its efficiency.
There must be some power by which to protect
the efficiency of the military service. We cer-
tainly have power to punish by court-martial
offenders against the laws in all cases arising in
the military or naval forces of the United Slates,
for that is the language of the Constitution; (he
question is, therefore, what is a " ease" arising
in the military or naval forces of the United
States? What is a ense? It seems to me it le-
quires no very great ingenuity of construction or
of interpretation to ascertain and find out what a
u case" is. Such a case 1 should understand to
be a state of facts by which the military service
or the naval service of the United States was
damaged, obstructed, orendangcrcd intentionally
by a person committing the act. I know that
definitions are not only difficult, but dangerous
sometimes; but if any gentleman will turn his
attention to the language of the clause in the fifth
article of the amendments to the Constitution, it
seems to me no doubt can remain as to the inten-
tion of the framers of the instrument. Itwas in-
tended to be sufficiently broad io protect the mili-
tary and naval service of the United States, and
to punish all persons offending against it, all per-
sons obstructing it, all poisons intentionally dam-
aging it, or injuring it in any respect whatever.
All persons who assume to act as contractors for
the United States, who assume to act as recruiting
agents of the United States, or take upon them-
selves any other function connected with the
military or naval service of the United States, are,
as it seems to me, persons coming within the
category of the fifth amendment, coming within
the "cases "there mentioned.
Itcertainly never was the intention of the framers
of the Constitution, as it seems to me, that this
class of offenses, whether immediately in the mili-
tary service or being more remotely connected
with it and growing out ofit, should in all cases
be subjected to trial by a jury of the vicinage. It
is obvious to us, as it was obvious to our fore-
fathers, that upon such a principle no army could
be made efficient, no discipline could be of any
value; and the military service, requiring prompt-
ness, activity, eneigy—the military service, which
in most instances admits of no delay, no procras-
tination at all, would be as good as destroyed.
These are my views about it, Mr. President.
I entertain no scruples and no doubt of the power
of Congress to enact just such a clause as this. I
think the language of the fifth amendment, to
which I have referred, abundantly authorizes us
in so doing, and 1 am sure that the public neces-
sities existing at this moment demand this expe-
ditious and rigid mode of procedure.
Mr. COWAN. The vice of my honorable
friend's argument is that it proves entirely too
much. If those are cases arising in the land and
naval forces which are merely connected in some
remote way with the Army and Navy, we are all
entangled in this mesh of military dominion and
military rule. If the fact of a man going forward
and offering a substitute to be enlisted m the ser-
vice of the country fraudulently constitutes a case
in the land or naval foice, then when a man comes
forward and furnishes a defective gun for the ser-
vice of the country, when a man furnishes bad
clothes for the soldiers, shoddy blankets, wooden-
soled shoes, and all those things, that constitutes
a "case," and then the whole population is in-
volved, then the military swallows up entirely
the civil, and we are cut loose from all the safe-
guards of the Constitution and all those which
the common law throws around ua.
Mr. HOWARD. No, the Senator will allow
me to say the case must embrace the military
service; the state of facts must relate to the in-
terests of the Government connected with the
military or naval service of the United States. If
the case does not embrace that interest, of course
it is not one ai ising in the military or naval foices,
and is therefore not in the category. But the es-
sence, the test of the offense, is that it is commit-
ted against the military or naval service, tending
to obstruct it, to hinder it, or destroy its effi-
ciency.
Mr. COWAN. I think the Senator's position
is not good. The true testis whether the person
committing the ciime is within the jurisdiction of
the rmlitai y officer. I merely wish to say a word
further and submit this matter withoutany longer
debate. All membeis of the Senate now, I have
no doubt, undeistand it thoroughly.
The honorable Senator says that these cases
demand immediate action. There is no force in
that argument. If the substitute broker or the
party violating the law in this instance is detected,
he can be arrested, committed to the custody of
the proper officers, and kept there just as sum-
manly within thegiasp of the civil power of the
Republic as he could bewuhin its military power,
lie can be disabled from fuither mischief quite as
readily in the one way as in the other. Theiefore
the argument^ inconvenicnti amounts to nothing.
But one word more. The " case" must not be
outside of the land or naval forces; it must be
within them, and it must attach itself to some-
body who is within them, and somebody who
is amenable to them. Now, upon an examina-
tion of the Articles of War, it will be icadily seen
what is the class of cases that fall within the ex-
ception of the fifth amendment to the Constitu-
tion. First, there is mutiny; second, desertion;
third, advising desertion. Anything which mili-
tates against the regular organization and police
of the camp, is the exception that was contem-
plated. Another most substantial reason, which
ought not to be overlooked, is the fact that the mo-
men tthat a man enters the military or naval service
he voluntarily agrees to become subject to these
extraordinary and extra-judicial provisions. The
first thing that is done with the soldier or the sailor
when he enlists is to ask him, and upon his oath,
I believe, whether he submits to be governed by
these Articles of War. That is never the case
with the civilian. The civilian is left to be gov-
erned entirely by the municipal laws of the coun-
try, subject to them, and entitled to protection
under them.
Now, it does seem to me that this section as it
stands would be most mischievous, it not only
affects these bad people, but it may affect good
people; there is the difficulty; and we are bound
to protect the virtuous citizen as against any dan-
ger from this quarter. 1 have no hesitation here
in asserting that, if these persons are indicted in
the United States courts,and tried and convicted
within them, a solemn judgment of the court in-
flicting this punishment will be a hundred times
more efficacious than the sentence and punish-
ment of a court-martial. I have no doubt of it,
because there is a natural, innate love in the peo-
ple of these forms of admmistiating justice, and
they will never be satisfied with any other forms.
Therefore I have the hope and the assurance
that there will be an end put to this source of
trouble and difficulty on the part of the Govern-
ment itself, making it enemies every day and
everywhere, and giving color to the charge of
tyranny and oppression against it which, at the
present time with us, is worth millions. When we
are making a great struggle ostensibly for liberty
and equality among men, we ought by all means
to endeavor to preserve and guard for ourselves
and for the loyal citizensall those great privileges
and muniments of liberty which have come down
to us intact for so many generations.
As my fitend from JNew Jersey [Mr. Tek
Eyck] suggests to me, these cases are taken into
the United States courts every day, and are be-
ing tried there, and persons guilty of these of-
fenses are being punished; and no one has ever
yet come here with a complaint that those courts
have conducted themselves in an infoimal or
tyrannous mannei; and nobody has ever yet
charged them with having failed in their proper
duty toward the country in the conviction of these
persons. Why, then, not let them exercise their
function as was contemplated by the Constitu-
tion ? Let all people who are in the Ai my and
who are in the Navy obey the lawsof theArmy
and the Navy, and let people who are outside the
service be subject to the municipal law, not be-
cause many guilty people may not do very bad
things, may not commitoffenses, and perhaps es-
cape punishment, but it is better that ninety-nine
of them should escape than that one innocent man
should be punished improperly and the odium of
his punishment thrown on the Government.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays J4; as follows:
YTAS—Mc^rs, liuckatew, Cailil«\ Cowan, Davis,Dix-
on, Dooliute, FitiWf II, Foot, t'o^tei, ilale. H.ulan, I l«ti ris,
IlomU'i^on, Uemliiflvs, llowc, Julnwnn, Lane ot Kansas,
Moijmii, NeMinth, I'onmoy, Powell, Rielinid-on, Kiddle,
SauM>my,Ten Eyelc,Tiumbull, Van Winkle, Willoy, and
Wrighi—'20.
NAYS—Messrs. Antiionv, Brown, Chandler, Claik,
Coiuie.-s, Grmu'x, Howard, Monill, Nye, Ratn^ey, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sunmei, anil VVil.-oti—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Harding, Ilielcs, I,ane of
Indiana, McDougail, Spraguo, Wade, and Wilkinson—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the first
section of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee. I make this motion in order to call forth
from the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs some explanation of the leason why he
proposes such a very radical change in the pres-
ent method of conscription and enrollment. It
will be remembered by the Senate that as the law
now stands, a person who has been enrolled and
who is liable to draft cannot be used as a substi-
tute for another person who has already been
drafted. This section proposes to change all that,
and to say that any person who is enrolled m any
particular township, although he may be subject
to draft the next day if another di aft shall be made,
may be icceived as a substitute for a man who
was diafted the day before. This, it will be ob-
seived, will in a great many instances require us
to expend two men in order to get one man. The
operation of it is destined to be exceedingly un-
just. J can best illustrate the effect of this propo-
sition, if it shall be adopted, by an example that
has occurred within my own observation.
In the county in which I have the fortune to live
there is one large town, and that is a town of con-
siderable wealth, containing a population of tea
or twelve thousand. Adjacent to it is a purely
agricultural township, with nota store or a village
in it, composed of excellent, loyal, industrious
husbandmen, it was known that a very laige
number of the young men from this agricultural
township had gone to the war, and it was sup-
posed as a matter of course that there was no lia-
bility on the part of that township to the draft.
