1865.
khGcLO
brevet rank may carry along with it pay, but
only in such cases where by special order an offi-
cer is assigned to a command corresponding with
the brevet rank, and under that order is actually ,
performing the duties. This being consistent
with the former action of the House, I presume
it will be agreed to.
Section ten is a' provision on which there has
been some question. It is a provision from the
Military Committee, but one of the sections
stricken out in order to be rearranged. It pro-
Tides that whenever the head of any bureau in
the War Department accepts any promotion or
appointment to a higher rank, whether absolute
or by brevet, than is appointed by law for the
head of sych bureau, then and in that case he
shall be deemed as having vacated the position of
head of such bureau,and shall be subject to detail
for field or other duty as other officers. Inasmuch
as the law has fixed the rank of those who are
appointed to the head of the ordnance department,
of the subsistence department, of the quarter-
master's department, and so on, this provides that
if they accept higher rank they shall vacate those
positions and be liable to field and other duty cor-
responding with their new rank. My own opinion
is it is a wholesome provision; that the Senate
did well in calling the attention of Congress to a
proposition of that kind, and in embodying it in a
bill. The objection made to it is that it takes by
surprise one particular officer. General Meigs,
the head of the quartermaster's department, is
brigadier general as chief of that department, but
he has been brevetted as major general. This
would vacate his office as brigadier general, if he
had to leave the department, as he only holds that
as chief of the department. It would subject him
to be ordered-to the field, or to other duties such
as the necessities of the service or the opinion of
his superior officer might require. The objection is
that the provision is retroactive on that officer and
takes him by surprise. As there has been some
feeling manifested since the committee of the Sen-
ate acted upon the subject, and since the matter
has been referred to the House Committee on
Military Affairs, who have agreed to that prop-
osition of the Senate, before I call the previous
question I propose to permit any gentleman who
desires to do so to move to strike out that pro-
vision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will move to strike
out the twelfth section of the Senate bill, which
contains the provision referred to.
Mr. SCHENCK. That motion may be con-
sidered as made, and gentlemen may have a vote
upon it.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be reserved,
and a vote taken on it at the proper time.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. ,
. Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. PIKE. I want to appeal to the gentle-
man in reference to one of the amendments of the
Senate, which cannot be approved by him.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at present. This brings
me now to the next section proposed by the com-
'mittee, and that is, that the President be author-
ized to transfer officers of the Army of the United
States from the line to the general staff, and from
thegeneral staff to the line; orfrom one staff corps
of the general staff to another and different staff
corps; orfrom one arm of the service to another;
or from the volunteer service to the regular Army,
but upon condition that the officer, on being so
transferred, shall only take such rank in the staff
or corps in which he is placed as he held by com-
missfon in the staff or line before transfer.
Now, if this section is permitted to remain in
the bill it willprovide, perhaps, for this very case
of General Meigs; because, although he might be
required to leave the War Department if he holds
on to this appointment as brevet major general,
yet he would have the right to claim to be trans-
ferred from the staff to the line, or from one arm
of the service to another, retaining the rank from
which he is transferred.
This provision in reference to authorizing
transfers to be made by the President is held to
be a,wholesome o,ne. In proof that the House
agree with me in that, I refer to the fact that the
House, has already incorporated in a bill which
it has sent to the Senate a provision precisely
like this. The difficulty with that, however, is
that the Senate not yet having acted on it, it is
likely to fail. And hence itwasintroduced here.
,It is a section intended toenablethe War Depart-
ment to infuse new life into some of the bureaus
of that Department. Gentlemen all know that
there are men there who have been, as I have
often had occasion to remark, so long in port that
barnacles have formed upon them—officers who
are moss-grown—and it is deemed absolutely es-
sential to lodge the power somewhere to transfer
from a bureau to the field, or from the field to a
bureau, or from the Engineer corps to another
corps, according as it is found that one officer is
better qualified for one or another duty in a dif-
ferent arm of the service.
The Secretary of War, in corroboration of the
propriety of passing some measure of this kind,
remarked to me that it so happened that if he
wanted to put General Grant himself at the head
of the Military Academy he could not do it. Why?
Because it is one of those close corporations by
which it is understood that the West Point
Academy belongs to the engineer department,
and that he coula not put anybody there who did
not belong to the Engineer corps. I only refer to
this by way of illustrating the propriety of giving
the power of making these transfers, in order
thereby to increase the efficiency of all arms of the
service.
The next is a provision in regard to double ra-
tions. That provision has also been passed upon
by the House. It was added as an amendment
to an appropriation bill-last evening, and I can
explain it in a few words. It is not to pass any
new law, but to declare what the law is. The
law, since 1842, has confined the privilege of these
increased rations to the commanders of military
departments. It has been properly construed that
the commander of a division, embracing several
military departments, ought to have at least as
much as his subordinates, and that we give to the
commander of armies actually in the field. We
merely repeat the language of 1842 and say that
it is intended that these persons shall have these
double rations, and that any general order that
may have been made in favor of staff officers, or
any one else other than those provided for by
law, is illegal and void.
This matter wasbrought to the attention of the
committee by the fact that we had referred to us
an answer to a resolution showing that General
Halleck had been drawing double rations since he
was made chief of staff of General Grant, by or-
der of the War Department. Since then he has
been receiving double rations, as we think under
a misapprehension of the law, and in violation of
the provisions of the law itself. A staff officer
has no command. Here, then, is an officer hav-
ing no command pronounced by special order to
be entitled to these double rations. The effect is,
that in addition to commutation for fuel and quar-
ters here in thecityof Washington,General Hal-
leck, who has no command, is drawing $2,196
more than General Sherman, who commands the
army in South Carolina. I should be very glad
if all these officers were more liberally paid than
they are now; but surely it is proper that we
should not permit a construction to be put upon
a law that it does not bear, and that, indeed, is
directly contrary to the very letter of it.
The next section proposed by the committee is
that the bounty to the heirs of volunteers called
into the military service shall be extended to all
.volunteers, whether they enlisted for three years,
two, or one. It does not provide for pensions
where persons are merely wounded or disabled
by sickness, but where a man has been actually
killed in the service before his time has expired,
extends the same bounty to his surviving heirs
as if he had enlisted for a longer period.
The remaining provisions of the amendment
are in substance the bill in relation to enrollment
which has be^n passed upon by the House, and
which has gone to the Senate. We are informed
by the Committee on Military Affairs of the Sen-
ate that it is not likely to be reached and acted
upon there.
We have therefore gone over the various sec-
tions of that bill and made two or three amend-
ments, which the committee of the Senate insisted
on, and which have already been passed upon by
the Senate more than once. We have also added
some new aections to the bill, which have already
passed the House.
Mr. THAYER. What ia the naturc of those
two new sections? ' , > .
Mr. SCHENCK. I am just about to teH.the
gentleman. The first provides that where aijy
revised enrollment in any congressional qrenroll-
ment district has been obtained or made prior to
any actual drawing of names the quota of such
district shall be proportioned to such revision in-
stead of being based on the enrollment made be-
fore revision. That is one of the provisions on
which the Senate insists. The next section is that
no person owing military service shall be exempt
from liability to perform the same on account of
furnishing a substitute for the Navy unless the
substitute is presented in person to the board of
enrollment by which the principal is enrolled, and
is accepted by the said board ot enrollment. That
is, I believe, the section to which my friend from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] objects; and it may be re-
served tor a separate vote.
Mr. PIKE. The whole effect of it is to give
a monopoly to the large cities on the sea-coast.
Mr. SCHENCK. The next section is, that
hereafter no officer in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States shall be dismissed ex-
cept on the finding of a court-martial convened
according to law; and it repeals section seventeetj
of an act entitled " An act to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes,"approved July 17,1862. My
colleague, to whom this section was particularly
referred, [Mr. Garfield,} desires to explain it,
and I yield for that purpose. - ' <
Mr. GARFIELD. The section which we pro-
pose to repeal is the seventeenth section of the
act of July 17, 3 862. It was enacted by the last
Congress in consequence of the number of traitors
who were in the Army at the beginning of the war.
The President was empowered and requested to
dismiss such officers without the intervention of a
court-martial. It was an act demanded by public
necessity, though in opposition to immemorial
usage and military laws. The necessity for it has
manifestly ceased to exist to any considerably ex-
tent. I desire to make a brief statement of the
history of congressional legislation on this subject,
and state the main considerations for and against
the proposed measure. 1 do this in view of ft
doctrine lately announced in a pamphlet published
by the Bureau of Military Justice, entitled "A ,
Digest of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate
General*of the Army," and which I cannot but
regard a novel and dangerous one. This, doctrine
has assumed an official form, and is stated on the
45th page of the pamphlet referred to under, the
head of " summary dismissal,"as follows:
" From the foundation of the Government the President
lias been tn the habit of summarily dismissing officers in
the land and naval seivice. The power to do so seems to
inhere in lnm under the Constitution, Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy." * * * * "Tile
power of summary dismissal by the President does not de-
pend for its authority upon the act of Congress, ^section 17,
chapter 200, act of July 17,186a,) the act being simply de-
claratory of the right which lias been exercised by the Presi-
dent since the earliest iiistory of the Government."
In the examination of this subjectl shall notice
some of the safeguards that have been thrown
round the officerand the private soldier to protect «
him from arbitrary and illegal treatment.
I. September 20,1776.
1. Trials to be held between eight, a. m.and
three, p. m. (Art. 7.)
2. No sentence of a general court-martial shall
be put in execution till after report shall be made
of the whole proceeding to Congress, or to the
General or Commander-in-Chief of the forces of
the United States, and their or his direction be
signified thereon. (Mil. Laws, 1863,sec. 14, art.
8, page 73.)
3. No commissioned officer shall be cashiered
or dismissed from the service except by an order
from Congress or the sentence of a general court-
martial. (Ib., art. 13.)
4. No officer or soldier who shall be put in
arrest or imprisoment, shall continue in his con-
finement more than eight days, or till such time
as a court-martial can be conveniently ^assem-
bled. (Ib., art. 16.) /
5. Every officer to whom prisoners shall be
committed, shall report in twenty-four hourslhe
names and crimes of officers imprisoned, on pain
of court-martial. ~
C. Any officer or soldier who thinks himself
wronged by commawliijjj officer may complain,
