1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
first to commanding officer, second, commanding
general, third, Congress.
II. The above law was modified, but not es-
sentially changed, by resolutions of Congress of
M«y 27,and June 18, 1777.
III. May 31,1786.
1. No officer shall be tried but by a general
court-martial, nor by officers of inferior rank if
it can be Avoided. (Art. 11, p. 80.)
2. No change in the law of arrest or dismissal.
(Art. 13-16, p. 80-1.)
3. Here, as before, revising officer can miti-
gate but not aggravate a sentence; for example,
General Hull, doomed to die, was only dismissed.
IV. April 16,1806.
1. Articles of War were established, borrowed
mainly from British military law. Theyarestill
in force, and contain the same provisions con-
cerning arrest and dismissal as were laid down
in former acts. (Art. 75-9, p. 189.)
V. January 31, 1823.
1. President of the United States was author-
ized to dismiss a military officer for embezzle-
ment of public funds. (Sec. 4, p. 316.)
Vi. July 17, 1862.
J. An officer arrested shall be furnished with
dharges within eight days, and ten days thereafter
shall be tried, unless necessities of sprvice pre-
vent; and ihiity days thereafter shall be tried or
arrest shall cease. If charges are not furnished
within eight days, anest shall cease. (Sec. 11,
p. 527-8) By section seventeen of the same act
the President may dismiss officers of the Army,
Navy, or Marine corps for good of public service.
This was the first instance in our legislative his-
tory in which this general power was vested in
the President. It was done for the special pur-
pose of ridding the Army of traitors and sympa-
thizers with rebellion. The power of the Pres-
ident to removeofficcrsappohited by him and the
Senate was fully discussed and settled affirma-
tively by First Congress, in 1789,only so far as
it related to heads of Departments.
That" power has always been considered a
dangerous one. (See Federalist, No. 77, also
Cong;.Deb., 1789,quoted byDeHart,p. 229.)
2. No sufficient reason appears why this power
should apply to military officers, because it does
to heads of Departments, who are the personal
staff of the President.
3. Tins power has never been judicially rec-
ognized. (Kent's Com., vol. 1, p. 290.)
4. President Adams, in 1828, practically admit-
ted he could not dismiss military officers without
trial; other Presidents have thus dismissed; but
prior to 1861 have always, on request, restored
the officer lor sake of trial, when trial was asked
for.
5. The Constitution provides that " the Con-
gress shall have power to make rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval
forces." This power was exercised fully, April
16, 1806, when Congress enacted 41 Rules and
Articles of War." These define every act which
Congress considered a military offense, and pre-
scribe punishment therefor by military courts.
Congress for the first time in 1823 authorized the
President to dismiss an officer for one class of
crimes, and only one, without trial.
6. Prior to July 17, 1862, writers on military
law recognized but three ways by which an offi-
cer could be discharged, namely, by resignation,
by being lionoiablv mustered out, by being dis-
missed in accordance with thesentenceof a court-
martial.
Th e words used in officers'commissions, **dur-
ing the pleasure of Ike Presidenthave been taken
as a proof of the President's power to dismiss
the holder of the commission without trial. The
form of commission is borrowed from the British
form,and was first introduced into this country
June 17,1775, by a committee of the Revolution-
ary Congress, who presented a draft of commis-
sion for General Washington. The formadopted
was in these words, "during the pleasure of the
Continental Congress." There has never been
a word of legislation on the subject since the
adoption of the Constitution of the United States.
The only change made was to insert the word
" President" in place of the words "Continental
Congress." The form of commission, therefore,
not being a matter of law, has no force or signifi-
cance in relation to the power of dismissal. Not
only the practice of our own Government, byt
the opinions of the most eminent publicists, are
strongly in favor of guarding with the utmost
care the rights and reputation of officers in the
Army and Navy. The old law maxim is most
wise and just: 44 Misera est servitus ubijus est (tut
vagum aut incognitum."
vatfel says:
fi The Government [with us the legislative department]
ought precisely to determine the functions, duties, and
rights of military men—soldiers, officers, chiefs of eorps,
generals."
If it be a sacred right of the citizen to be secure
from punishment or disgrace by any officer of the
Government without a trial in accordance with
the laws of his country, it is a no less sacred
right of the soldier that he shall be secure from a
like evil except in accordance with the laws ot
war. Nothing but the overmastering necessity
for the most summary measures to purify the
Army from traitors for the salvation of the Re-
public could have justified the last Congress in
conferring upon the President the power of sum-
mary dismissal. Under the supreme right of
self-preservation they were no doubt justified;
and in illustration of the urgency of the case at-
tention is directed to the unusual language of the
law of July 17, 1862:
"That the President of the United States be, and lie
hereby is, authorized and requested to dismiss and discharge
from the imlitaiy service," &c.
The dangers of 1861 and 1862 are now passed;
the Congress and the people can trust both the
Army and the Navy; and it is high time that the
old safeguard around the American soldier should
be restored.
The section now proposed was passed by the
House last winter, almost unanimously, but met
its fate in the Senate, after being referred to the
War Department and returned with an elaborate
argument against it, prepared by the Judge Ad-
vocate General of the Army. The main feature
of the bill against which that officer's arguments
were directed was that'which allowed all officers
summarily dismissed a trial, and, if acquitted, a
restoration to ihe service. There are two sin-
gular statements in the Judge Advocate's paper
to which 1 will refer. They were not made in
i mmed late connection, but effectually answer each
other, namely:
" The number of dismissals which have taken place since
the begin rung of the war is not large, all the circumstances
of the service considered."
Toward the close of his paper, in summing up
the objections to the bill, he says:
"The Government could not investigate through courts-
martial tile hundreds of eases which this bill would bring
up for trial without such a draft upon the officers of the
Army needed for active field service as must greatly impair
the efficiency of the campaign now about to open in every
part ot the theater of war."
It is notorious that the number of summary
dismissals has been very great, and is increasing.
The files of general orders of the Army of the
Cumberland show that in the space of ten months
of the year 1863 one hundred and thirty commis-
sioned officers of the Army were dismissed with-
out trial by authority granted to its commander
by the President. Such was the extent of the
practice in a small segment of our Army, and
there is no evid"nce that it is becoming any
less. I believe, sir, the passage of this section
will be hailed by the Army as a measure to pro-
tect them against the thousand intrigues which
may so easily be conducted, under the forms of
military administration, by an officer against his
subordinate, and winch may result in fixing an
indelible stain upon the name and honor of a
brave and worthy man. These dismissals are
made, in the great majority of cases, on the rec-
ommendation of officers subordinate to the officer
exercising dismissing power,and inalmostevery
instance the dismissed party, no matter how
guilty, is able to awaken sympathy in his favor
from the fact that his case has been decided on
ex parte statements.
In the suggestions I have cast no reflections
upon the President or any of his military subor-
dinates. Congress has authorised and requested
him to use this summary power. The responsi-
bility is here with us. The great purpose of this
grant of power has been accomplished. To con-
tinue it longer is to undermine the independence
and manliness of the officers of our Army and
Navy. We should give them the strong as-
surance of law that they shall be heart when
assailed—that their position in the service of the
Republic is based, not on the caprice of any man,
but on the enduring foundation of law.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now come, Mr. Speaker,
to the furfher sections just adopted for the bill as
it passed this House. We have given up to the
Senate one of the sections, which is section two
of the bill as it passed the House, for the muster-
ing out of persons enlisted for the unexpired term
of regiments. We found that there was an im-
possibility of agreement between the Senate and
House on this subject. It has been, in fact, some-
thing like a preliminary committee ofconference.
The Committee on Military Affairs was very re-
luctant to yield and leave thatoff the amendments
proposed to the bill. We did not do so until we
found that there was no possibility of passing it,
and until we found that the Senate was so im-
pressed by the representations made by the War
Department, as to the injury that this would in-
flict on the Army, that we consented to yield the
point.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me this single suggestion. The
House is pretty unanimous in favor of the sec-
tion. I trustthe gentleman will allow it to be of-
fered as an amendment so that it may go to a
committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it be the pleasure of the
House 1 will give the gentleman from Indiana that
opportunity.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I offer the following
as an additional section:
Jin d be it further enacted, That in every case where any
regiment, battalion, or company has been mustered out of
the service of the United States by reason ol the expiration
of the term for winch such organization had been accepted,
tiie Secretary of War is authorized and directed to cause
immediately to be mustered out all those non-commisr-ioned
officers and privates who, during the years 1862 and 1863
were enlisted with the assurance and understanding that
they were to serve only for the unexpired term of any such
organization ; and in cases where regiments, battalions, and
companies have not yet been mustered out, then such non-
commissioned officers and privates as are above described
he shall cause to be mustered out whenever the term of
such organization shall expire: Provided,That before any
such enlisted man is mustered out he shall sign a statement
under oath that lie enlisted with the distinct assurance and
understanding that he engaged to serve only for ihe unex-
pired term of the organization into winch he was mustered,
such statement to be verified by tile recruiting officer by
whom he was enlisted, or by some commissioned officer
having actual and personal knowledge of the facts in the
case.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House wasunanimnus
on this subject in favor of the measure; and the
Senate was about as unanimous against it. We
have left out the sixth and seventh sections. One
of them concludes the Government, no matter
what may be the fraud in any case, where a sub-
stitute is received and mustered in. The provis-
ion is retained, however, that if the principal him-
self has been a party to any fraud practiced on
the Government he shall be held responsible.
That was amatterof discussion here the other day.
The Senate also insisted upon our leaving out
the provision allowing to provost marshals com-
mutation for quarters ana fuel, and their actual
expenses for stationery, office rent, &c. That,
however, the committee were not willing to yield.
They have, however, given up the ninth section,
a provision that there shall be appointed for each
of the States an assistant provost marshal gen-
eral, with ihe rank of lieutenant colonel. With
these exceptions the whole bill is precisely the
enrollment bill as it passed this House.
In reference to the bill relative to officers' ser-
vants, which has grown to such formidable size,
embracing now thirty-three sections, we have
thought it appropriate to recommend a change of
the- title, so as to call it "An act in relation to va-
rious 'military matters, and to amend the law for
enrolling and calling out'the national forces."
Mr. ODELL. 1 desire to make an explana-
tion in vindication of myself, in view of the State-
ment of the chairman of the Military Committee
with reference to the twelfth section. I under-
stood that gentleman to say that the committee
had agreed to that section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do say so.
Mr. ODELL. I do not propose to gainsay
that; but I will simply say that some members
of the committee acted undera misapprehension.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 believe thegentleman was
not present when the committee acted on the sub-
ject.
Mr. ODELL. Yea,iir, I w*i. I do not gain-
