1865.
COMJEESSIOmL
aider the vote it, relation to Senate bill No. 382,
to provide for the better organization of the Navy.
1 will state that I propose to move to strikeout
the objectionable portions of the bill; in other
words, all after the second section.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I nowmove to
strike out all after the second section of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
30, noes 37; no quorum voting.
Tellers were . ordered; and Messrs. Rice, of
Massachusetts, and Dawson, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 55, nays 42, not voting 85;
as follows:
yiJAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Ashley, Bea-
man, Blaine, Boyd, Cobb, Cole, Cravens, Dawson, Deni-
eon, Eden, Edgerton, English, Finek, Ganson, Charles M.
Harris, Ueirick, Holtnan, Hotchkiss, Hutcliins, Philip
Johnson, Kasson, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, Le Blond,
Loan, Long, McClurg, Middleton, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, James it. Morris, Norton, Odell, John O'Neill, Ortll,
Pendleton, Perham, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Shannon, Sloan, Sraithers, Stiles, Strouse,
Tracy, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, Wilson, and Winfield—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baily, John D. Baldwin,
Brandegee, Brooinail, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
IMwes, Detmng, Driggs, Eliot, Garfield, Grinnell, Asaliel
W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Law, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister,
MeBride, Amos Myers, Charles O'Neill, Pike,.Alexander
H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofteld, Spalding,
John B. Steele, Thayer, Thomas, Van Valkenburglt, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilder, Windom, Woodbndge, and
Worthington—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold,' Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blair, Bliss,
Blow, Boutwell, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox, Cresweil, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Donnelly, Du-
mont,Eckley,Eldridge,Farnsworlh, Frank, Gooeh,Grider,
Griswold, Hale, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harris, Higby, Hooper, Hulbuid, William Johnson, Julian,
Kaibfleisch, King, Knapp, Knox, Lazear, Littlejohn, Mal-
lory, Marcy, McDowell, Mclndoe, MeKinney, Samuel F.
Miller, William H. Miller, Momhead, Morrison, Leonard
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Patterson, Perry, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Radford, John H.Rice, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Ross, Seott, Smith, Starr, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stuart, Sweat, Tovvusend, Vooihees, Wadsworth, Ward,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Williams,' Benjamin Wood,
Fernando-Wood, and Yeaman—85.'
So the bill was laid on thetablS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I movg to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table; and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COINAGE OF THREE-CENT PIECES.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on a Uni-
form System of Coinage and Weights and Meas-
ures, reported a bill to authorize the# coinage ot
three-cent pieces, and for other purposes, which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
the latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and ajoint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H..R. No. 774) to establish certain
post roads;
An act (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) to amend the
joint resolution entitled " Joint resolution in re-
lation to the public printing," approved June 23,
1860.
CHARLES F. ANDERSON.
Mr. COFFROTH. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole House on, the
Private Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of bill of the Senate No. 307, for the
Telief of Charles F. Anderson. I will state that
the bill has twice passed the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the report in the case
will b,e read, and that the right to reject be re-
served until it is read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the bill.
Mr. COFFROTH. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
37, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the yeas and
nays. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll,
and Steele of New York, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 51, noes 41.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
E. WOODWARD AND G. CHORPENNING.
Mr. NELSON. I ask unanimous consent for
leave to report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs a joint resolution for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Woodward and George Chorpenning, of
Pennsylvania, against which I think nothing can
be said, while if Congress will pass it it will save
the parties from absolute want.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a report accompa-
nying the bill ?
Mr. NELSON. There is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I reserve the right to
object until it is read.
Mr. NELSON. I ask unanimous consent to
state the foundation of this claim reported from
the Ind,ian Committee. It will take less time than
the reading of the report.
No objection was made.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Speaker, Messrs. Chor-
penning& Woodward were contractors for carry-
ing the mails from Salt Lake City to California;
they were the pioneers on that route. It is pro-
vided by an act of Congress that men within the
Indian Territory, suffering damage in consequence
of hostile acts of the Indians, and losing property
by the Indians, if they do not take vengeance in
their own hands, but as quiet citizens pursue the
line of their duty and nothing more, then the
United States Government will guaranty and pro-
tect them against loss.
These men sent out their teams, and in a num-
ber of instances every person that accompanied
the trains were killed. Determined as these men
seemed to beat all times to execute theircontracts,
Mr. Woodward set out in person with the train
to carry the mail from Salt Lake City to Califor-
nia. The train was again attacked by the In-
dians, and every one was sacrificed in the per-
formance of their duty except Mr. Woodward,
who was severely, and, as it proved, fatally
wounded. Mr. Woodward, wounded as he was,
rode one hundred and fifty miles, when, faintand
weak, and no longer able to continue his way, he
tied his mule and lay down to rest, and that was
his final rest upon this earth.
This bill merely asks the House to allow to be
paid to him the amount which he actually lost in
property, the amount of money to be paid to his
widow and herchildren,and toMr. Chorpenning,
his surviving partner. It is not a speculative claim.
It is one that has been reported upon favorably
by four or five Committees on Indian Affairs, and
not reported against by any committee. It will
save from want and suffering the family of Mr.
Woodward.
I now move to suspend the rules in order that
I may report this^joint resolution and put it upon
its passage.
Upon the question of suspending the rules, the
House divided, and there were—ayes 50,noes 42.
So the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to, two thirds not voting in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Nelson] will give
me his attention for a few moments, 1 desire to
say one word in regard to this claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object. The joint resolu-
tion is not before the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of its clerks, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on. the disagreeing votes of tbe tw<>
Houses upon a bill (H. R. No. 682) maki.ng apj
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending 30th June, 186G.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to take up' the bill
(H.R.No.600) for the better organization of the
subsistence department, which has been returned
from the Senate with amendments on which they
have insisted.
The bill was taken up.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the House
insist upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
DOCTOR MACCIOWAN.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, reported upon certain memorials from '
States and agricultural societies relating to the
proposed expedition of Dr. MacGowan; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to'be'printed.
FREEDMEN's SAVINGS AND TRUST COMPANY.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table a biil (S. No. 443) to
incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and Trust
Company.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up that bill; and uppn that
motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 36.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds hav-
ing voted in the affirmative.
The bill was read a first and second time.
JVlr. ELIOT. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon ordering the bill to be read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GANSON. I would ask where this bank
or association is to be located?
Mr. ELIOT. In Washington city.
Mr. GANSON. It is not so stated in the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. That is an error. Tiien Lask
unanimous consent to insert after the words
"body-corporate" the words "in Washington
city, District of Columbia."
No objection was made, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. GANSON. I think there should, be among
the corporators the name of some person in thia
District.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend by inserting
the name of Salmon P. Chase among the trustees.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly agreed to. , • -
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote -by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TITLES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
Mr. KERNAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back a bill (S. No. 91) en-
titled "An act to quiet titles in favor of parties in
actual possession of lands situate in the District
of Columbia,"and moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. Is this bill designed to meet
some individual case, or is it general in its pro-
visions ?
Mr. KERNAN. This bill wag not intended
by the Committee on the Judiciary to meet any
particular case. It.was recommended by a com-
mittee of lawyers of this District. Since it was
recommitted 1 add-ressed inquiries to several jgen-
tlemen whom I knew to be men of character,
and they have stated, in response, that the bill
was prepared merely to quiet titles which are
good in fact, but in reference to which there are
defects on the record.
The bill was ordered to a third reading," and
was read the third time. , .
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I desire to
