1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
inquire of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kt.u.van' ] what class of cases this bill is intended
to cover.
Mr. KERNAN. Cases where deeds have been
acknowledged irregularly, sometimes before im-
proper persons.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Is it limited to
cases of that description?
Mr. KERNAN. No, sir. It also provides for
cases where women have made acknowledgments
which are defective. It also applies to cases where
acknowledgments have been made for corpora-
tions by their attorneys.
I may remark that I am myself disposed to be
suspicious with reference to bills of this kind.
Under the direction of the committee I made ex-
amination and inquiry with regard to the pro-
priety of this measure. I consulted Hon. Rev-
erdy Johnson, Mr. Carlisle, Mr. Gillette of New
York, and various other gentlemen familiar with
titles, and they pronounced the bill entirely
proper.
* The bill was passed.
maky a. baker.
Mr. MILLER, ofPennsylvania, reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill (S. No.
122) entitled " An act for the relief of Mary A.
Baker, widow of Brigadier General Edward D.
Baker," and moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. It provides for granting to
Mary A. Baker a pension of fifty dollars per
month, from the 21st day of October, 1861, to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
widow op general ii. g. bettrt.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, also reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill
(S. No, 44) entitled "An act granting a pension
to the widow of the late Major General Hiram G.
Berry," and moved thauhe House proceed to tfie
consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
ellen m. whipple.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, also reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill
(S. No. 2) entitled "An act granting a pension
to Ellen M. Whipple, widow of the late Major
General Amiel W. Whipple," and moved that
the House proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to..
The bill was ordered to a third readine, was
read the third time, and passed.
commerce and navigation.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of bill S. No. 310,
entitled "An act for the promotion of commerce
and the improvement of navigation."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that-
the gentleman will not press that motion. The
bill simply provides for the purchase of some old
maps and charts.
Mr. ELIOT. It is a very good bill, and it
contemplates the purchase of no old maps or
charts.
The motion was not agreed to.
communication with new mexico, etc.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, reported from the Com-
mittee on Territories House joint resolution to
facilitate communication with the Territories of
New Mexico, Arizona, and Colorado, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
moved that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution.
Mr. PRICE, f object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose indicated.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 68,
noes 24.
So (more than two thirds voting in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
The question recurred on the substitute,and it
was agreed to.
1 he joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled House bill No. 547, for the relief
of Jean M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, de/'
ceased; when the Speaker signed the same.^/
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I submit the following priv-
ileged report
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the lull (H. It. No. 682) malting ap-
propriations for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th
June, 1866, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
1. That the House do agree to the first, second, third,
fourth, fifth, eighth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth amendments of the
Senate.
2. That the Senate recede from their tenth amendment.
3. That the House agree to the sixth amendment of the
Senate with the following amendments: strike out the
words " insurance and" where they first occur in said
amendment, and add after the word " cents" wherever it
occurs, the words "or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary."
To the seventh amendment of the Senate with the fol-
lowing amendment: strike out the words " this amount to
supply a deficiency in."
To the seventeenth amendment of the Senate yvith the
following amendments: insert in the eleventh line of said
amendment after the word "Mississippi," the words
" bands of Chippewas;"at the end of the thirteenth para-
graph relating to the Chippevvas, insert the words '< or so
much thereof as shall be nece-saryin the first line of the
fifteenth paragraph strike out the words "eleven hundred;"
in the fourth line of the same paragraph, after the word-.
" at" insert the words " a ml; not exceeding;" at the end
of the same paragraph insert the words " or so much there-.
of as shall be necessaryin the third line of the sixteenth
paragraph after the word " at" insert the words " a rate not
exceedingand at the end of the same paragraph add the
words « or so much thereof as shall be necessary ;" in the
third, fourth, and filth lines of the seventeenth paragraph
strike out the following words : " being four hundred and
thirty-five thousand six hundred pounds of pork and flour
in packages," and insert in lieu thereof the words " at a
rate not exceeding and at the end of the same paragraph
add the words "or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary."
To the section relating to the payment in coin, with an
amendment so that it will read as follows : uJlwL be it fur-
ther enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized to pay tn coin such of the annuities as by the terms
of any treaty of the United States with any Indian tribe
are required to be paid in coin."
To the section relating to the Stockbridge-Munsee tribe
of Indians with the following amendment: insert after the
words " subject to all duties" the words " and liabilities to
taxation," and by adding to the title, " and for other pur-
poses."
J. E. DOOLITTLE,
JAMES HARLAN,
JOHN CONNBSS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
JOHN R. McBRIDE,
C. A. ELDR1DGE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it will be re-
membered that last night the amendments of the
Senate were not in pointof fact read to the House,
owing to the short time left for action, and ( ask,
therefore, the attention of the House, that its
better judgment may be passed upon the action
the conferees have seen it their duty to take on
the amendments of the Senate.
4 The first amendment of-«he Senate proposes a
small sum, between four and five thousand dol-
lars, for the Omaha band of Indians, to continue
their saw-mill and appurtenances in operation,
the same amount formerly provided by treaty;
but the last installment under the treaty having'
expired, to prevent its going to ruin,and for the
care a white man alone can give, the appropria-
tion is made for this year.
The second amendmentappropriates about six
thousand dollars to the Indians therein.named,
being a balance of the proceeds of the sale of
trust lands belonging to these Indians sold by
order of Congress by an Indian agent, who paid
over to the United States all the proceeds except
these six thousand dollars, which he retains in
his hands still, on some claim of having a coun-
ter claim against the Government.- The liability
of the Government is admitted, but they have
neglected to prosecute him to get the funds from
his hands. The provision of law is ample, and
it is the duty of the executive officers to prose-
cute.
The third amendment is simply a correction of
figures, and reduces " eight" to "three" as the
amount of interest on certain Indian funds.
The fourth appropriates some eight hundred
dollars of a balance due some claimants for prop-
erty taken from the Rogue River Indians. The
amount was settled by a commission several
years ago, the award fixed and reported, but it
has only been paid in part. The portion re-
maining unpaid was always tied en to an appro-
priation for war damages, which was always re-
jected. It is proposed to adjust the claim now.
The fifth amendment provides a large amount,
some sixty-four thousand dollars, to cover an
amount paid for Indian annuities to replace an-
nuity goods consumed by fire in their transit
across the plains, and on a steamer. These goods
were all insured; and the same amendment pro-
vides that .the insurance money, when collected,
shall be paid into the Treasury.
The sixth amendment is to pay for the insur-
ance and transportation of annuities to the Flat-
heads, under treaty stipulations.
The seventh amendment provides for install-
ments omitted in the bill of the House,and called
for by the treaty of 1863, with the Red Lake and
Pembina Chippewas.
The eighth amendment also provides for an
amount ,due a band of western Shoshonees. The
appropriation was called for by treaty, and was
omitted in the bill of the House.
The ninth amendment restores the appropria-
tion for milch and beef cattle for the California
Indians as originally proposed by the House, and
being the same amount as that paid last year and
for years before.
The tenth amendment strikes out $60,000 ap-
propriated by the Senate to satisfy the claims of
settlers upon reservations in California.
The eleventh amendment restores the appropri-
ation for Oregon and Washington for subsistence
and removal of Indians, in order to prevent dis-
turbance on the part of the Indians.
The twelfth is a mere verbal correction.
The thirteenth is a proviso authorizing the ex-
penditure of a part of the appropriation for the
California Indians, for purchasing wool and other
raw materials for the Indians to manufacture. It
is not a new appropriation.
The fourteenth prescribes the Indian reserva-
tion in Arizona by drawing a line between two
points, and confines the Indians within the reser-
vation. It also appropriates $12,900 for a defi-
ciency in the expenditure for the Indians of Ari-
zona. Thisamount was "paid by the Indian agent
in Arizona at a time when the Indians were about
to break out into war. It was appropriated upon
the spot in order to satisfy them and prevent an
outbreak. It had that effect. At that time the
present member from Arizona was in the Terri-
tory. The transaction was immediately reported
to the Indian department and the act was ap-
proved by them.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence upon the bill (H. R. No. 744) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay the interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 1864.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the House
amendments to the Senate amendments to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) declaring and
defining the meaning of the law in regard to
officers"servants.
officers' servants.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate having disa-
greed to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 170) declaring and d ending the mean-
ing of the law in regard to officers'servants, I
move that the House insist upon the amendments
of the House disagreed to by the Senate, and ask
a committee of conference.
Tfce motion was agreed to.
