638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
try: we putin the Army a great many men who
are not fitphysically to go in, and in a few weeks
they are discharged. They come in to supply
places,and the communities that put them in are
exempted. They have filled their quota; but the
country has not got a man. He is physically
unfit or deserts. The sixth section of the original
bill provided that if he deserted, or if he was mus-
tered out of the service on account of physical
disability existing at the time of his being mus-
tered in, the locality should give us another man,
or the individual putting him in should give us
another man, as the Senator from California now
suggests. As-soon as that proposition was made
and wentover the country immediately there came
out in certain presses of the country a denuncia-
tion of it as very hard and oppressive, and a paper
in my own State held me up as a man who was
disposed to be very tyrannical and very oppress-
ive; in aword, to be a little different after election
from what I was before election. I have had a
large number of those papers sent to me to show
that I was certainly a very cruel, hard, and op-
pressive man. I am very glad to have the Sen-
ator fiom California with me to-day to share the
odium and the burden of being such a ciuel and
oppressive man. I think it a sound principle.
However, we struck it out in this amendment;
but we hold the locality responsible and not the
man.
_ Mr. CONFESS. I cannot understand the jus-
tice of holding the locality responsible and not
the man. it is not the locality that owes service
to the Government, it is the citizen that owes
seivice to the Government. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Farwjsll] suggests, in answer, that
the practice in many districts is that localities fill
up the quota without reference to men. When
a district is required to furnish a certain number
of men, what is it required to furnish? It is a
certain number from us population; it is those
that may be drafted and that me owing service to
the Government. I cannot see that there is any
injustice, or any tyranny, or any oppression in
the proposition contained in the original bill, as
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Miliuuy Affairs.
Suppose 1 am drafted, and I owe service to the
Government, it is clearly my duty to go and ren-
der that service, or, the law permitting it, that I
furnish a substitute. It is my duty; and can
that duty be held to have ended and terminated
when I turn a man into the Army, a man who
deserts the next day, or a man who deserts and
goes over to the enemy, or comes back to reenlist,
or become a substitute for some other person and
get a now bounty and a new price fur his sub-
stitution? Can H be possible that 1 have paid the
d< bt I owe to the Government by such a trans-
action as that ? All 1 have got to say is, that unless
the citizen is held bound to furnish an actual sol-
dier, he should not be authorized to furnish a sub-
stitute at all. It is soldiers the country wants, and
not a list of the names of men. A mere list of
names can do no lighting. It is men that are
wanted in the Army.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator wluu I presume he perceives already, that
his idea is mciely cumulative upon the one that
is in the hill, and goes fuither.
Mr. CONNICSS. That is so.
Mr. CLARK. It is not any objection to this
amendment because it does not go quite as far as
he su 2vst>>, because wc might make his amend-
ment afterward.
ThePUKSl DENG OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Duct, the Senatoi fi oiri New Hamp-
shire withdraw his original amendment and offer
another?
Mr. CLARK. Nn, sir; I renewed it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Ilampshue to the first section of theamend-
ment leported by the committee.
Thenmendinentto theamendment was agreed to.
1 lie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SUMNER, i understand that the propo-
sition now is to strike out the first section; id it
not ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I withdrew it some
time ago.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I h ave an amendment
to offer: to insert immediately after the fiist sec- !
tion of the amendment of the committee the fol-
lowing, as additional sections:
Jlnd be it Jurlker enacted, That in addition to the substi-
tute furnished by a dratted person, eveiy such diafted per-
son shall, before Ins discharge from the draft., be held to
contribute a certain propoition in the nature of a tithe of
his annual gains, profits, or income, whether derived from
any kind of property, dividends, salary, or from any pro-
fession, trade, or employment whatevei, at the following
rates, to wits-on all incomes over §1,000 and not ovei
§2,000, five per cent.; on all incomes over $2,000 and not
over $5,000, ten pei cent.; and on all incomes over $5,000,
twenty per cent. And it shall be the duty of every such
person seeking to be discharged to make return, either by
himself or his gumdian, to the provoat marshal of his dis-
trict of the amountof ins income, accoidmg to the require-
ments of the act to provide internal revenue, of July 1,
18d2; and &o much oi the aet loremolling and calling out
the national foices, and for other put poses, appioved March
3,1863, as is inconsistent with this section, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the contributions thus
made shall be employed by the Secretary of War as a
bounty to the men actually diafted and inust&ed into ser-
vice subsequentto the date of tins aei whenever they shall
be honorably discharged, or, in the case of death, to the lethal
representatives of any such man aeeoiding to the rules and
regulations established by the Wai Department.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Ptesident, on a former
occasion I offered this amendment, and it was
slightly considered by the Senate, not at much
length,not, 1 think,as much as it deserved. Since
then I have received many letters on the subject,
I may say from all parts of the country, espe-
cially from the West, expressing a great interest
in that amendment. The correspondents who
have done me the honor to write to me have found
in that proposition an element of justice to the
poor man, and an endeavor to equalize the teni-
ble burden of the draft. That is its essential char-
acter; and it is on thataccount that I now on this
occasion renew it.
The pioposition proceeds on the idea that it is
not equal to exact the same sum from all men as
an excuse from the draft. It is not equal when
you compel the poor man, in ouler to save him-
self from the draft, to pay thesame sum which is
paid by the rich man. One man can pay with
the greatest difficulty the five or six hundred dol-
lars that may be required; to another man it is
nothing. One man pays that sum out of his
abundance; he loses nothing by it; Ins personal
convenience, his necessities, are not in any way
interfered with by the payment of that sum; hut
another man when compelled to pay UuU sum is
constrained in the very necessaries of life. Now,
sir, I desire to say in this Chamber and before
the country that that la not just. I stake the
little reputation 1 have on that assertion as a prin-
ciple of public morals; and I wish that my voice
could go throughout the length and bieadih of
this country declaring that ptinciple, and as a
protest against thus injustice. I say the nch man
ought to pay for his exemption fiom the diaft
moie than the poor man, and he ought to pay in
propoition to his wealth.
But I have been told, or the Senate \v,is told on
other occasions, that the nch paid an increased
tax, accoidmg to their income. Very well; that
is one tiling. The poor man pays his tax also
according to Ins means. Let the nch man pay
his tax according to his means. We come now
to another matter which is not undei the head of
taxation; it is under another head, this head of
conseiiption; and the question i*,ho\v tnueh men
who aie drafted shall pay for their exemption.
Under the existing law the poor man pays just
as much as the rich man. I say that is unjust;
and on that principle I stand.
The second section of the amendment which I
have proposed provides that the contubutions
thus made shall be employed by the Secietary of
War as a fund for bounties to be paid to the men
actually drafted ami mustered into the service.
The fund that is gained in the way now piopused
will be then for the benefit of drafted men. It
will go to help them. It will go to add to the
comfort and to the conveniences of the poor man
who has been compelled to take part in the ser-
vice of his country. Therefore there is a double
object accomplished. In the first place, this bur-
den, so far as legislation can do it, is equalized;
it is made to bear equally upon the rich and the
poor; and, in the second place, you obtain a very
large fund foraddiuonal bounties to the poor man.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know whether I un-
derstand exactly the scheme of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts; and if I do not. he
will of course correct me. I understand that the j
basis of the proposition is in this: that political
value, as well as commercial value, shall be meas-
ured by money; that is, all the citizens of the
Republic shall be appraised and their money
value ascertained precisely, and then they are to
be assessed, not only as to their money contribu-
tions to support and maintain the Government,
but also as to their personal and military service
to maintain the Government. I hope 1 have stated
him failly. That seems to be the great principle
which underlies the proposition sent to the Sec-
retary's desk.
But the proposition does not carry out the prin-
ciple's 1 understand. The proposition confines
it to those persons who are liable to be drafted, i
think I am right in this. If that be so, then there
is a conflict between them which is fatal, because
it a man's weight and value in society depends
upon his pecuniary value, why should not a man
aged forty-six years and worth $10,000,000 be
obliged to contribute ten times as much as a man
worth §1,000,000 who is only forty years of age?
1 f money is to be the measure of the contributions
which we are to offer upon the altar of the Re-
public, money ought to measure those who aie
liable to the draft and those who are not liable.
I suggest this for the consideration of the honor-
able Senator, in order that he may conform the
system and make it harmonious; that he may in-
troduce into it that symmetry which was sup-
posed to be the essence of all virtue in ancient
times.
Hut, Mr. President, I object to the taxation of
salaries upon the broad ground stated in this prop-
osition, and I object to it for this reason: there
are three kinds of income in this country very dis-
tinct from each other. In the first place, there is
a large class of incomes which arise out of con-
tracts made before the passage of the present legal-
tender law. A man may have purchased ground
rents m 1860, yielding to him a icvenue o-f $2,000
per annum. 1 n the present condition of our cur-
rency and its depreciation, that revenue is now
ically but $1,000 per annum. The other $1,000
is not put into the coffers of the Government, but
is transferred fiom the pocket of the ground-rent
Iandloid into that of the tenant who was to pay;
or, in other words, the tenant pays $2,000 with
$1,000, or with that which only costs him $1,000
now to procure. That is aclass ofpeisons liable to
be drafted who are already by the operation of our
lawstaxed one half of their incomes; or,  n other
words, by the operation of those laws, their in-
comes aie reduced to one half what they would
be if we had not adopted the piovision making
United States notes and Treasury notes legal
tenders.
1 hen there is another class of salaries that I
would not subject to this kind of tax, and our
own are an example of them. The salaries of
Slate officers all over the United States*, are also
examples. By the terms of the contiact between
the present members of Coogi ess and the United
States Government our salaiy was $3,000; but
by the depreciation of the currency in which we
are paid it is now and has been for the last year
but $1,500. The other $1,500 is taken from us
and put into the coffers of the Government, and
it is really $1,500 tax. There is no fact more
ceitain in the world than thai the members of this
Senate and of the other House have duwng the
past year pa d not only the income tax that all
other citizens have paid, but they have paid the
reduction in the value of their salaries, which
amounted to $1,500; and yet the Senator from
Massachusetts, not satisfied with this burden, pro-
poses to impose an additional one. If he will
confine his burdens to another class whom I am
about to mention, and who are the thn d class  
Mr. GRIMES. Are theie any members of this
Senate who are subject to the diaft?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir, there are members
of this Senate who are subject to be drafted; and
I am utterly astonished that the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa in casting ins glances around can-
not discover evidences of juvenility sufficient to
warrant him in saymg that that is the fact.
[Laugh ter.]
The last laige class of persons are those who
may be denominated, peihaps, now, under the
heads of " shoddy" and " petroleum"—people
who have everything to sell and not much to buy;
people whose incomes are not fixed, but whose
commodities go into the market, and being nearly
