1865.
(mG-KlSSIONM* GLOSE.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Gaufiei.d, Mr. Odeix, and Mr. ScoFiKLDas such
committee upon the part of the House. v /
indian appropriation dill aoain.^f
Mr. KASSON. The fifteenth amendment pro-
vides for the formation of a new treaty with the
Blackfeet Indians in order to induce them tp aban-
don their reservation south of the Missouri river.
That reservation covers a large part of the coun-
try destined probably to be the principal route to
the Territories of Montana and Idaho. It is a
valuable mineral region which it is considered
desirable to secure to the white man at as early a
period as it can be done. The appropriation is
only $15,000.
The sixteenth amendment is an appropriation
to pay the Yancton-Sioux for property taken from
them by our troops, and for the formation of a new
treaty with the hostile Sioux. The appropria-
tion for the Yancton-Sioux is to pay for property
taken directly from them duriug the passage of
our troops through their country, and for the
shocking wrongs committed upon them. It is to
replace to them the cattle, produce, and other prop-
erty of which they were robbed.
The seventeenth amendment, and the last one of
the Senate, arises mainly outof a new treaty ap-
proved by the Senate during the present session
with the Chippewasof Mississippi, the Pillagers,
and the Lake Winnebagoshish Indians. The
amendment appropriates the amount called for
by that treaty.
These constitute the principal part of that class
of amendments; but the Senate have further made
an additional appropriation to which I wish to,
call the attention of the House.
Just before the outbreak of the rebellion there
had been an arrangement made by law, or by
treaty, with the Choctaws, for the payment of
$500,000 to them on account, and without a form-
al settlement of the claims they had against the
United States. Of that amount thus appropriated
$250,000 was to be paid in money, and $250,000
in bonds of the United States. This was in 1860.
At th^it time, as is well known, they of the South
wKo were preparing for the rebellion had thecon-
trol, to a great extent, of the Government in
Washyjgton. TlxSy got hold of the $250,000 in
money and used it with the Indians to induce
them to. cooperate with them in their rebellion
against the united States. That sum, therefore,
went outof theTreasury. The $250,000 in bonds
cpuld Jiot be printed in time, and was not issued
from theTreasury. The law, however, remained
in force. The Senate proposes now to add to this
bill that this $250,000, instead of being issued in
bonds, shall be paid in money for the benefit of
those Indians who have remained loyal to the
United States and who are now sought to be con-
centrated in Kansas, or in the Indian Territory
near Kansas. There are sixteen thousand of
these Indians in terrible destitution, having been
driven by the combined forces of the white rebels
and of the Indian rebels from their lands and
territories. They are on the point of starvation.
The testimony on that point certainly appeals to
every member of both branches of Congress, and
shows that they should be provided for, either
by an explicit appropriation from the Treasury
of the United States, or by the diversion of this
$350,000 in bonds, substituting money for it,
and paying it for the care and protection of these
Indians. I believe that e'xplains that amend-
ment.
The Senate has also added a section to the bill
authorizing the Secretary of War, for the balance
of this fiscal year, to provide from the quarter-
master's and commissary departments sufficient
to keep these Indians from present suffering. The
information given to the Senate is that the#250,-
000 will barely cover the amount already expended
and be sufficient to carry them until the appropri-
ation for the next fiscal year takes effect.
Now, unless there are some further questions
to be asked, 1 will, in order to enable the clerks
to get to work on this bill, either now, or after
further action, move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question otdered; and under its operation
the report of the conference committee waa agreed
to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote by
whieh the report of the conference eommittee Was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
'reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that the doors may be opened
for the ad mission of ladies of the families of mem-
bers. They are not able to get seats in the gal-
J€rieg
Mr. GANSON. I suggest that all ladies be
admitted.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
The rules were suspended, and ladies were
admitted to seats on the floor.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (ET. R. No.
51) to establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freed-
men and Refugees; when the Speaker signed the
same.
employes of the house.
Mr. PENDLETON asked unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Cleric of the House be, and Is here-
by, diiected to execute the resolutions of the House of July
4, 1864, for the payment of certain allowances therein
named to the officers, clerks, and other cmploy6s of the
House, and the reporters of the Congressional Globe, in-
cluding the employes of the Congressional Library, apply-
ing thereto so much of the addition made to the contingent
fund of the House in the bill for legislative and otiier ex-
penses, approved March 2,1865, as may be required for
that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. PENDLETON. X move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. PlICE called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended, (more than two
thirds voting therefor,) and the resolution was in-
troduced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 43, not voting 51;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Bally, Bliss,
Blow, Boyd, James S. Brown, Coftrdth, Cox, Cravens, Daw-
son, Denison, Driggs, Eekley, Eden, Edgerton, Eliiridge,
Eliot, English, Farnssworth, Ganson,Gnder, Griswold, Mer-
rick, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Uutchins, Thilip John-
sou, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Francis W. Kellogg,
King, Kuapp, Law, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Longyear,
Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, McBride,McClurg, Middleton,
Moorhoad, JamesR. Morris,Morrison,Leonard Myers, Nel-
son, NobU1, Odeil, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Perry, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Rogers, James S. Rollins, lloss, Bchenck, Scott, Shannon,
Smith, Smitlier«, Spalding, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Townsend, Van Valken-
burgh, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wmfield,
Woodbridge, Worthmgton, and Yeaman—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Bouiwell, Brandegee, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Dawes, Doming, Fiuck, Grmnell, Hale, Harding,
Higby, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kas*on,
Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, Littiejohn, Samuel F. Miller,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Orth, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Price, John H. Rice, Edward H. tRollms,
Sloan, Upson, Elihu'B. Washburne, and William B.Wash-
burn—43.
NOT VOTING~Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Blair, Brooks, Broomall, William G. Brown, Chan-
ter, Clay, Cole, Cresvvell, Henry Winter Davis,Thomas T.
Davis, Diton, Dormeliv, Dumont, Frank, Garfield, Gooch,
Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris,
Holman,Hotcbfciss,Jenckes,Julian, KHlcy,Knox, Lazear,
Maliory,McDowell, Mcfndoe, McKinney, William H Mil-
ler, Norton, Patterson, Piuyn, Alexander H. Rice, Robin-
son, Scofield, Starr, William G. Steele, Thomas, Tracy,
Voorhees, Wad^vorth, Wilson, Windom, Benjamin Wood,
and Fernando Wood—51.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stenographer to committee.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. KASSON. 1 ask the gentleman from
Vermont to allow me to offer a resolution whieh
is necessary for the payment of on* of the offi-
* cers of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I yteti 'fbr-mi ptirpbse. l
Mr. KASSON. The'resokrtkjrrfs as follows:
Resolved, That the compensation of the sten&gVSptilr.
appointed under the resolution of Jamiary 5,186$, feepaid
out of the contingent fund of the blouse. . * - K
Mr. LOAN. I object. - <
Mr. KASSON. I move to suspend the rules.
This officer has to be paid in some way. 1 ♦
The question was taken; and two thirds voting
in favor thereof, ihe rules were suspended.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and ttlsb
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ V
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL
Mr. MORRfLL. I rise for the purpose of
making a report from the committee of confer-
ence on the interna! revenue bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
shall have order in the House while the gentle-
man explains the report on the most important
bill of the session.
Mr. MORRILL. As the report is long, per-
haps I had better make an explanation of it, and
if gentlemen desire to ask any questions *1 will
answer so far as I can. If any gentleman after-
ward desires the reading of the report it can be
read. If that course meets the acquiescence of
the House I will proceed at once to make an ex-
planation of the doings of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will waive
the call for the reading of the report at present.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon the amendment of the
House creating ten revenue agents instead of five
the Senate receded. We understand that one of
these revenue agents has caused to be paid to the
Government more than half a million dollars,
and lather than consent to diminish the number
it might be better to have them increased. The'
Senate also recedes from the amendment in rela-
tion to clerk hire. Their proposition to give sev-
enty cents for every one hundred names returned
to this purpose would have allowed clerlt hire to
every assessment district throughout the United
States—not allowing enough where it is most
needed, and allowing something where nothing
at all is required.
On the subject of crude rock-oii or petroleum
a compromise was made by allowing the duty to
be fixed at one dollar per barrel, the Senate re-
cedingfrom their proposition toallowadrawback.
There is consequently to be no drawback.
There was a proviso to the clause in relation
to license for peddlers, providing that foreigners
among us who refuse to be naturalized and en-
rolled shall not be licensed. The Senate had
stricken that out, but the conferees have agreed
to let it stand as proposed by the House.
In relation to the question of books the Senata
had stricken out the whole provision in relation
to the exemption of school-books inserted by tha
House, and finally the whole amendment in rela-
tion to that subject was abandoned bythe House
conferees, believing that it is a time when ws
should obtain all the revenue we can, from this
or any other legitimate source.
In relation to cigars, the proposition of the Sen-
ate to create two prices and two grades was aban-
doned, and a new proposition, as a compromise,
Was inserted, levying the duty on cigars at ten
dollars per thousand instead of sixty cents per
pound. It is believed that this will be more sat-
isfactory when applied to all kinds of cigars than
it would be if levied upon the weight, anil that it
will be executed with greater facility. One rate
of duty is indispensable, also, in the judgmentof
cigar-makers, as well as experts, if we are to col-
lect the revenue without fraud or evasion.
In relation to the one hundred and third section
of the present internal revenue law, the clause
which will be best remembered as having been
introduced by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
was rejected by the Senate and abandoned by tlia
conferees, the subject having been treated in the
tariff bill, by which tonnage duties were levied
upon our shipping. As the clause now stands,
the tax will be as it has been heretofore, two and
a half per cent, on the gross receipts of railroads
and of vessels not subject to tonnage duties.
In relation to the amendment introduoed by the
