1865.
 4 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
as sensitive as the currency itself, rise and fall
with it; people who do not care what the public
credit may be—it does not affect them. If the
public credit falls, then* commodities rise. I would
not object to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts being applied to such persons
having large incomes; but he makes no discrimi-
nation in favor of those who are suffering and
those who are rioting now in the enjoyment of
perhaps larger profits than they ever had before.
That class, at present, are those who depreciate
the public credit. The man whose salary is not
fixed to-day is put in antagonism with the Gov-
ernment, and it is his interest to depreciate its se-
curities. The more he depreciates them the more
he gets out of them; the more he has to present
finally for ultimate payment. I have heardacon-
tractorsay that whenever his country was fortu-
nate he was unfortunate, and whenever it was
unfortunate he was fortunate; " so that," said he,
** notwithstanding my patriotism and my great
love of country, I havealmost been afraid to hear
of a Federal victory/' Why? Because a Fed-
eral victory appreciates our currency, and the
prices of his commodities fall in the same propor-
tion; he loses; but a Federal disaster depreciates
the currency,and his commodities rise in propor-
tion.
If we could reach that class of people who have
large incomes and subject them to any kind of tax,
no matter what, I would have no objection to it;
but I protest against this large drag-net which the
gentleman has thiown about the whole commu-
nity to sweep in those whose incomes were fixed
before you established this fluctuating standard,
to sweep in those whose incomes are fixed by law,
or public officers, along with these people who are
left perfectly free to regulate the puces of their
commodities, apart from this standaid. 1 should
have been much better pleased to see a propo-
sition come from the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to come back to a fixed standard.
What would have been thought of a proposition in
this body, agreed to by the other, and made into
a law, that the yard-stick should be made of some
substance elastic, vat table in its nature, so that
to-day it would be twenty inches, and to-morrow
twenty-four inches, and the next day sixteen
inches; or that the pound weight should depend
for its gravity upon the direction of the wind—if
you please? We have done that thing precisely.
We have set up as a standard of value heie a
measure which varies with the fortunes of the
Republic, which on the 1st day of January, 1804,
made your dollar sixty-five cents, on the 1st
day of July, 1864, made it thirty-five cents, and
during the last year has kept it all the time below
fifty cents. What is the consequence? NVe not
only pay for the depreciation in this money, but
wo pay for its fluctuations; and it is its fluctua-
tions rather than its depreciation which have en-
hanced the value of pi ices of every article, which
have destroyed the relations which have heieto-
fore existed among men, and which will, in my
judgment, if not coirectcd .and coireeled speedily,
bring to us more ruin than defeat will bring to
the armies of the United Slates. The reason is
simple, perfectly simple.
If we had undertaken to he guilty of such folly
as to alter the yard-stick, and change it from a
fixed measute three feet in length into a vatiahle
measure which might be twenty inches to-day
and twenty-four to-moirow, and fifteen the next
day, what then? Would not the dealers have
been changed fiom fan dealeis into gambleis?
As long as the yard-stick is a fixed measure the
dealer is a fair dealer; but the moment you make
him speculate as to what it will be you malce
him a gambler,and you make him bet upon that
which no human foresight can fou-see.
Ifit were a question of a contiact between the
honorable Senator from Iowa and myself as to
whether 1 should deliver to him a thousand yards
of cloth ninety days from this date, and we were
to deal accoidmg to the fixed yaid-stick, there
would be only one kind of fluctuation that we
should have to take into account, and that is the
fluctuation in the sunoly and demand of the cloth.
If the maiket was "Jutted, of course the puce
would be less; if thesnpply was limited, it wouid
be more. But when I am to deliver tins cloth at
ninety days, and it is a question as to the yard-
stick whether the yard-stick shall be twenty
inches on the day of delivery, or whether it shall
be thirty-six,or thirty, or twenty-eight, the hon-
orable Senato'r say's, " 1 must take that into the
account when I am making this bargain; I must
provide for the probable fluctuation." So it is
with regard to the money. If I stipulate to de-
liver to him a thousand barrels of flour ninety
days from this date, it is not a question as to the
supply and demand of the flour; it is principally
a question as to the fluctuation of the money.
What am I to do? The barrel of flour is really
worth five dollars, but the standard now would
make it worth eleven or twelve dollars, and it
may be worth fifteen dollars; and if I am to de-
liver the flour at all I am to deliver it at such a
price as will cover the probable fluctuation.
What is the effectupon prices? To increase them
half a dozen fold sometimes; and they have been
increased in that way.
Now if this provision of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts is to apply to all people who
are free to speculate upon these fluctuations, and
whose incomes are derived from gambling upon
them, I have no objection to it; but 1 do object to
its being applied to that portion of the commu-
nity whose hands arc tied, and who have, not been
guilty of any depreciation of this currency. There
are two classes of people connected with depreci-
ation. The paper dollar of the United States is
as good a dollar as the gold dollar if all the peo-
ple will agree to take it as such. It is as good a
dollar as the gold dollar if all the people of the
country will give it the credit of the gold dollar.
Wiio is it that refuses this credit? It is not the
members of Congress. When we go to the Sec-
retary's desk to receive our pay we take the paper
dollar as the gold dollar. It is not the soldier in
the Army. He takes it as the gold dollar. It is
not the seamen in the Navy, or the State officers
employed under the State governments. They
take it as a gold dollar. It is not the widow who
lives upon a fixed dower charged upon land be-
fore the 25th of February, 1802, because she is
obliged to take it by force of our law as a gold
dollar. It is not the minor whose moneys have
been loaned by his guardian and who has become
of age since the prevalence of this fluctuating
standard who depreciates it, because he is com-
pelled to take it as a gold dollar.
And here, Mr. President, I will ask the indul-
gence of the Senate just to state a personal fact
which was within my knowledge. A friend of
mine was the guardian of a minor who had about
ten thousand dollars m gold on the 1st of July,
18(51. He was exceedingly anxious to invest that
money upon real securities payable in three yeais,
at the time the minor would airive at maturity.
He succeeded in doing so. On the 1st day of July,
18G4, the money was repaid him in United States
notes, which he was obliged to take; and upon
an accurate calculation on that day, what he act-
ually received was a little over four thousand and
one hundred dollars for his $J(),000, with three
years'interest. Its actual purchasing power in
the market that day was equivalent to four thou-
sand one bundled and some odd doliais. "What
became of the remainder ? Who got it? The Gov-
ernment did not get it. It did not go into the
Treasury of the United States; hut it went into
the pocket of the borrower. He had obtained
ten thousand gold dollars, with the purchasing
power of len thousand gold dollars, and ho paid
it back with four thousand one hundred gold dol-
iais, or a purchasing power equivalent. That
guardian remarked to me, "If 1 had taken that
#10,000 on the lstduy of July, 1861, and locked it
up in my safe and kept it there, not invested it at
all, not put it to profit or to interest, on the 1st
day of July, 1864, I could have gone out into the
market and bought more than twenly-ei^ht thou-
sand dollars' worth of the money that 1 leceived
in payment foi it."
Now, I say that the minor child whose patri-
mony had been taken fiom him and put into the
hands of a man wiio has given no consideration
lor it, has not depreciated the public credit. He
took its dollars as gold dollars, and he is now
liable to the draft; and he is one of the persons
who would come within the provisions of th.e I
honorable Senator's proposition, which he says
is founded on national justice. 1 can say to the
honorable Senator that that minor to-day is in
the Army of the United States, battling nobly for
the honor of his country's Hag; that he has paid
more taxes than the honorable Senator and my-
self both since the war began; that is, I proceed
upon the assumption that the honorable Senator
is as poor as I am, [Mr. Sumner nodded,J and
therefore the more honor.
If these classes are to be distinguished, and if
those who are free to take this dollar or not to
take it are to be taxed, I have no objection; but I
come now to the question, who does depreciate
the currency? Who is it that depreciates the
paper dollar of the United States ? Who is it that
refuses to take it as a gold dollar and to give to it
the purchasing power of a gold dollar? I have
said that it was not the officers the Federal Gov-
ernment; that it was not the soldiers in the Army,
nor the seamen in the Navy; that it was not the
officers of the State governments; that it was not
the widowswholivedon fixed incomes ordowers;
that it was not old people who had retired upon
ground rents, thinking they had something sub-
stantial to maintain themselves in their old age;
it was not the minor whose patrimony is handed
to him under this state of things; but who is it?
It is the dealing part of the community; it is that
part of the community who buy and sell, and
whose incomes are not fixed. If the paper dollar
is offered to mc in payment of my salary I take
it; but if I offer it to a farmer for his wheat he
refuses it, and says, " Let me see, what is gold to-
day—225 ? I must have $2 25 in paper for this
bushel of wheat." Ifl offer it to a merchant for his
commodities, he inquires,"What isgold to-day—
216? I will give you this for a gold dollar; but
as gold is now 216 1 must have $2 16 in paper
for it." It follows, as a matter of course, that the
moie it depreciates the more he makes out of it;
and yet wc proceed in stultifying ourselves by
following this system, and following it without
any attempt to escape from it.
Therefore, I say, I would have been much more
happy to see the Senator from Massachusetts
come m and plant himself upon the great general
laws of political economy and the wealth of na-
tions, and ask—first, that salaries be fixed and
stable, that they be regulated by a fixed and cer-
tain standard before they are to be taxed; and if
he had done so I would have been very glad to
adjust them with him. And then I would be in
favor of taxing incomes. I think—and I believe
that I agree with the more advanced view of mod-
ern political economists—that to tax the income
is the proper way to reach the available means
of the community, which the Government has a
right to call upon in oider to improve its revenue;
but I am opposed to the taxation of salaries when
such an element of difference, and when such an
unjust discrimination is mode as against a large
poi tion of the people and in favor of another much
larger portion. lam opposed to it when it is pro-
posed to put them upon the same footing.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have (he af-
tention of the Senate for one moment in order to
bring.the question back to its precise position.
The bill under consideration isentitled asfollows:
" A bill in addition to the several acts for enroll-
ing and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes." To that bill I have moved by
way of amendment a proposition to equalize the
burden of the draft, so that it will bear to a cer-
tain extent, and so far as that can be secured by
legislation, equally upon the rich and the poor.
But the Senator from Pennsylvania opposes my
proposition, and he tieats the Senate "to a very
elaborate disquisition on political economy in
general, on the depreciation of the currency m
particular, also on the cunency, also on taxation,
and still further on salaries.
Now, sir, admitting that all that the honorable
Senator fiom Pennsylvania has so ably said is
peifectly true, that it is according to just prin-
ciples of political economy and the experience of
the world, (and I am not disposed to go at this
moment into that discussion with that learned
Senator,) the proposition that I have had the honor
to make has not been touched in the least by a
hair's breadth. My proposition involves no ques-
tion of political economy, no question with re-
gaid to the currency, or with regard to taxation,
or with regard to salaries. It has nothing to do
with any of those matteis. 1 ts single and exclu-
sive object is to equalize the burden of the draft.
There is no political economy in it. There is
nothing but justice. J propose that every drafted
person, before his discharge from the draft, shall
be held to contribute not merely a substitute, but
