1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
struction of the road on the line running from the
nothern to the southern portion of that State. In
that grant we proVided that the alternate sections
reserved to the Government should be sold for
$2 50 per acre, and not for less. And now, in-
stead of getting twenty-five cents per acre for its
lands, the Government received $2 50 an acre for
every acre it sold after this grant on this line, thus
making all the land which was worth but twenty-
five cents an acre to the Government worth at
least (1 25 per acre.
More than this, sir; the construction of this road
has developed the country, added to its wealth,
to its productiveness, to its settlement, and to its
capacity, in this hour of national trial and of
pressing indebtedness, to bear its full proportion of
national and State taxation. I suggest to the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. WashburneI to contrast
the condition of his State when the grant of
lands to secure the construction of this road was
made by the Federal Government with its condi-
tion to-day.
The State of Illinois has grown rich, immensely
rich, by reason of this gratuity of the Govern-
ment, through which she was enabled to con-
struct this great railway from her northern limit
to her southern boundary. She has converted an
immense wilderness into fertile fields, and a desert
into countless towns and villages. This corpora-
tion, which the honorable gentleman [Mr. Wash-
burne] calls an odious monopoly, has actually
returned to the people of the United States, to
the Federal Government, fivefold-for every dol-
lar which the Government has granted it. 1 will
not then stand here silent when any gentleman,
swollen with personal prejudice, undertakes to
register the judgment of this House against this
company, 1 will defend the right; {will demand
justice.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] presents his bill of indictment
against the Illinois Central Railroad Company,
and urges against it the heinous crime of bei ng a
foreign corporation; and by way of explanation
he alleges that us bonds and stock are largely
held by British subjects and men who are hos-
tile to this country.
1 admit that the capital employed in the con-
struction of this great improvement was largely
foreign and British capital, and that British sub-
jects to-day are extensive owners of its stock and
its bonds. But I deny that the eminent gentlemen
abroad who have thus contributed to the devel-
opment of our western States are the enemies of
our country. Cobden and Bright are not names
to be thus arrayed in hostility to our free Gov-
ernment and institutions.
This charge comes with no air of grace from
the Representative of a State which owes its
•wealth, its productiveness, its power, to the be-
neficent influence of capital from Europe, which
constructed the canals of Illinois, which built its
extended system of railway communication,and
which was invested there only because our own
capitalists of New York and New England, by
their influence and cooperation, gave credit to
western enterprise.
No State owes to foreign capital a weightier
debt of gratitude than the State of Illinois, whicW,
in the absence of this power, thus wantonly as-
sailed, would to-day remain a desert, and my
honorable friend from the Gaiena district [Mr.
Washburne] would not have been a Represent-
ative upon this floor, because there would have
been nobody there to be represented.
Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot agree to the proposition
which has been asserted here, that the Illinois
Central Railroad Company has failed fully and
honorably to meet the obligations imposed upon
it by the acceptance of the grant given by the
Government to aid it.
In ray judgment it has done for the nation and
the State all that it promised to do—all thatit was
bound to do by law.
And when 1 speak of the law I am not to be told
that I am to be bound by what Congress says is the
law; not by declaratory statutes; nor by anything
except the adjudication by the constitutional tri-
bunals of the law of any question arising upon
a statute of Congress. Congress may make a law,
but it can neither interpret it judicially nor exe-
cute it physically. It has passed laws which, un-
der and in violation of the Constitution, had not
the for«e of law in any court of equity or con-
science under heaven, and thus would it be with'
any legislation which, in derogation of rights de-
termined by the original grant, shall attempt to
deprive this corporation of a fair remuneration for
the service rendered to the Government.
History affords sometimes a fair construction
to legislative enactments.
In 1822 the Government first gave to the btate
of Illinois a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a canal from Chicago to the Illinois river,
substantially on the line now occupied by the
Illinois Central railroad for a long distance. This
grant, let me say, was for a canal to be constructed
by the State as an avenue of commercial commu-
nication for the public, but on which no one pre-
tended or supposed that the State would ever con-
struct or own one single boat for the purpose of
general transportation. It was an avenue to be
open to such vessels as should be placed upon it
for commercial purposes by private companies or
private citizens; and in respect to all boatsor ves-
sels thus employed the State reserved and held the
rightto impose tolls.
In this grant the Federal Government provided
that the canal to be constructed should be a high-
way of the United States for the transportation
of troops and munitions of war, without toll or
other charge thereon. Did this mean that the
State should furnish the canal-boats orother con-
veniences for thecarriage oftroops and munitions?
By no means; nobody dreamed of such a con-
struction. It meant only that the Government
should have the easement, and that no tolls or
charges should be made on such boats or vessels as
the Government should charter or furnish for the
transportation of troops and munitions.
The canal was not built, as contemplated by
the^rantof 1822; and in 1826, I think it was, the
Federal Government authorized the appropria-
tion of these lands for the purpose of constructing,
a railroad instead of a canal; and in that grant,
the same, and only the same privileges are re-
served to the Government as they would have
been entitled to if the canal had been constructed
instead of the railroad.
It is evident to me that this was a reservation
of an easement or right of passage, free of tolls
or other charge for the easement, and not upon
transportation over the easement.
The mails would of course seek the expeditious
line of a railway rather than the tedious trans-
portation of a canal, and for this reason: the act
authorizing the change of construction from a ca-
nal to a railroad provides that there shall be paid
ov^r the railroad, when constructed, for the trans-
fJortation of the mails, such compensation as shall
be allowed by law.
In times of peace no troops or munitions of war
would seek for transportation over the line; the
Government would have no cars, no agents, no
other instrumentalities for this purpose; but the
mails must still be carried, arid the railroad com-
pany could easily furnish the facility for trans-
portation. The transportation would be over a
free road-bed, but not on the cars of the Govern-
ment, and th^efore compensation was to be paid
as Congress should decide to be just. Certainly,
if the transportation of vast armies, and the im-
mense aggregate of munitions, was to be without
charge, no allusion whatever would have been
made to the payment of mail transportation,
winch, in comparison with the other, was entirely
insignificant.
As matter of history, the c'anal was not built
as contemplated: the railroad was not constructed
in lieu thereof, as authorized; and in 1839 Con-
gress bestowed upon the State of Illinois the three
million acres of public land which have given rise
to so much of development at home and to so much
of criticism here. And yet in this same grant the
same terms of reservation and privilege are con-
tained as are found in the act of 1822authorizing
a canal, over which it was never pretended that
anything more than an easement was granted.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 443) to incorporate the Freed-
mea's Savings and Trust Company;
An act (S. No. 44) granting a pension to the
widow of the late MajorGeneral HiramG. Berry;
An act (S. No. 122) for the relief of Mary A.
Jkker, widow of Brigadier General Edward D.
An act (S. No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen
jyi. Whipple, widow of the late Major General
A. W. Whipple, of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 171) further to amend anacten-
titled " An act for the collection of direct taxes
in the insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved June
7, 1862;
An act, (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled
"An aot to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company in the Districtof Columbia;"and
Aiyact relating to the postal laws.
\/ APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. It has, Mr.
Speaker, been asserted time and again that this
corporation is, by the terms of the grant to it, the
effect of which I have stated, bound to furnish
not only road-bed and track, but cars, locomotive
power, fuel, engineers, and men, and all other
facilities for the transportation of all the troops
and military stores which may be offered by the
Government for transportation.
I submit in all fairness, in all candor, in all
equity,.that such a construction ia a gross denial
of justice. Years and years ago, when this grant
was given and accepted,and when Congress im-
posed the condition of transporting troops and
munitionsof war in time of war, neither the party
imposing nor the party accepting the condition
had in view any such condition of things as now
exists or as has existed since 1861. Each acted
in respect to the requisitions made upon th#5-e-
sources of the country in the wars which were a
part of the history of the country—wars which
called for a few thousand men and the transport
ofa limited amount of storesand munitions. The
contract is now sought to be applied to conditions
and circumstances not existing, not anticipated
by either contracting party at the time of the con-
tract, not in the mind of either, affecting the un-
derstanding, will, or judgment of the parties.
Mr. PIKE. Did not the parties to this con-
tract contemplate the existence of war?
Mr.DAVIS,of NewYork. Yes,of such wars
as we had known and m which we had partici-
pated; but notof a rebellion which haddisturbed
the quietand pursuitsofthe whole country; which
had called almost every able-bodied man to the
field, and had tasked the capacity of every rail-
road for the transportation of thousands of troops
and an incalculable amoyntof warlike munitions
and material.
The demand upon the Illinois Central railroad
has, I am assured,been so great as to exhaust at
times all its rolling stock and incapacitate it from
doing any portion of the ordinary business of the
country through which it passes; not only has it
taken all the rolling stock for the uses of the Gov-
ernment, but the War Department have found it
necessary to seize upon the rolling stock of other
roads and place it upon the line of this abused
corporation.
The Chicago and Northwestern railway has
thus been visited with a heavy hand, and the Chi-
cago, Iowa, and Nebraska railroad, of which I
happen to be a director, has, I am told, one hun-
dred of its cars now used by the Government upon
the Illinois Central. For six weeks together the
cars laden with Army stores transported over the
road for the Government have filled up fifteen
miles of side tracks and turn-outs, because the
Government could find no means of shipping the
immense accumulation from the terminus of the
road nor any room for their storage.
It is idle, it is childish, to say that any such
service was ever contemplated by the party mak-
ing or the party receiving the grant, and a court
of equity, m my judgment, would hold that the
contract must be interpreted in reference to things
existing, contemplated, and understood at its ex-
ecution by both parties, and not in reference to
conditions and exigencies not contemplated or
dreamed of by either.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit to this House
whether we can justly, fairly, or equitably, re-
fuse this company a remuneration for the essen-
tial service which it has rendered to the country
—a service entirely beyond anything ever con-
templated, and requiring for its performance an
amount of equipment and power largely in excess
of anything demanded for the performance of ths
