THE
•iSSIONAI, GLOBE.
'•mih rn IITM' ■ -i**fTh
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON.^CL
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.'
SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1865.
New Series Nfr.' i
business incident to its line in timeofpeace. Every
other road, every other land-grant road, has been
paid. Why should this road alone suffer for our
-injustice?
Mr. SLOAN. Has this railroad company ever
transported any freight for the Government free
of charge?
Mr. DAVIS, of New YoTk. I do not know
that it has; and according to my view of the case
it was not bound to do so. The grant created an
easement over the line for public transportation,
free of tolls on the easement, but subject to charge
for the motive power and vehicles for the trans-
portation-.
This is the construction which at all times be-
fore this has been placed upon it by the Depart-
ments of the Government and their legal advisers.
It is the just view of the case now, and Congress
can never, whatever its action may be, legislate
away the inherent equities'of the Illinois Central
Railroad Company to just compensation.
It is no argument to say that this corporation
has made money on its whole business. The
honorable member from Illinois tells us that the
receipts of the company have been enormous.
He unfortunately neglected to say that their ex-
penses were enormous also, approaching fearfully
to the entire income.
The expenses of all railroads in these times are
increasing rapidly on their gross receipts, and I
learn that for the last six or twelve months the
running expenses of the New York Central were
eighty per cent, of the gross earnings. The Gov-
ernment allows to the Illinois Central railroad but
sixty-six and two thirds per cent, of the ordinary
prices for transportation, reserving thirty-three
and one third for the use of the easement on road-
bed. It receives less for its service by one third
than other railroads. It seems to me the height
of injustice to say that this Government will not
allow it a remuneration for this service.
Mr. Speaker, I have occupied the floor by the
courtesy of the honorable member from Iowa,
[Mr, Wilson,] and altliough there are points to
which I desired to allude in connection with the
question before the House, I can no longer claim
the indulgence of my friend, [Mr. Wilson,] but
yield to him that he may, if he desires, call the
previous question.
MESSAGE SROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed bills
of the following titles:
An act(H. R. No. 707) to provide for the pub-
lication of the Opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees; and
An act (H. R. No. 738) to regulate the fees
of custom-house officers on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the Unite/
States.
United
V
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN:
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose that the
House very well understands the provisions of
the charter of the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany under which the Government retained an
easement over the road for the transportation of
troops and munitions of war free of charge. When
this war broke out, and it became necessary for
the Government to transport large bodies of troops
and vast quantities of munitions of war and sup-
plies over the Illinois Central railroad, the ques-
tion was raised and presented to the War Depart-
ment whether that company was entitled to pay
for such transportation. The President, theSec-
retary of War, and the Attorney General of the
United States, to whom this question was sub-
mitted, came to the deliberate conclusion that,
inasmuch as the company furnish the rolling
stock, the men to run the engines and the cars,
&c., it was entitled to pay for the transportation
of troops and munitions of war. It is now pro-
posed to appeal from the decision of the Presi-
89
dent, the Secretary of War, and the law officer of
the Government, to the House of Representatives.
It will be recollected, too, by gentlemen who
have examined the charter of this company, that
Congress provided, ia the act gran ting these lands
to tne Illinois Central Railroad Company, that
for the transportation of the mails of the united
States the company should receive such compen-
sation as should be provided by law. Now, can
it be supposed for one moment that while the act
reserved to the company the right to receive
pay for the transportation of the mails of the Gov-
ernment, it was intended that they should never
receive any pay for the transportation of these
immense quantities.of supplies and munitions of
war, and these vast bodies of troops, the trans-
portation of which has at times monopolized all
the rolling stock upon thatroad? Why, sir, such
a proposition, it strikes me, is absurd upon its
face.
The decision arrived at by the Attorney Gen-
eral and the Secretary of War, and the contract
made by them with this company, was that the
company should receive two thirds of its ordinary
tariff for like transportation. Thus the Govern-
ment reserves thirty-three and one third per cent,
for the use of the road; and any man who knows
anything about railroads will tell you that thirty-
three and one third per cent, is a very large es-
timate for the use of a railroad.
I am very sorry to differ with my colleague
from the Galena district [Mr. Washbukne] who
lives at the northern terminus of this road. 1
do not ordinarily differ with him upon questions
of this character. It seems to me that he must
have some feeling of personal spite against this
company. I should judge from his ad captandum
remarks about its charges for way travel that he
must be influenced by some feeling of private
malice. Sir, what bearing have such considera-
tions upon this great question between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company ? He says that this is a
rich company. That may be true; but, sir, this
question is to be decided on the principles of jus-
tice, not by the consideration as to whether this
13 a prosperous and a rich company. If a man
grows rich, and does it honestly, is that any
reason why we should rob him ? Are you to rob
a railroad because it is prosperous?
The State of Illinois has grown prosperous
and rich through this railroad company, as has
already been stated by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis.] This railroad has developed
every section of that State. It has opened to
settlement, by a rich-and flourishing: population,
the vast regions of the State of Illinois which
were before nothing but a vast and deserted prai-
rie. The State of Illinois has prospered by the
prosperity of this railroad. The whole Govern-
ment partakes and participates in this prosperity.
Your grant to that railroad company was predi-
cated upon the ground that it would enhance the
value of the alternate sections reserved for the
Government, and they were put up to twenty
shillings instead of ten. Every acre of these
lands has been sold long ago for double the price
that the Government had been receiving, and that
money has gone into the coffers of the Govern-
ment. It has received upon the lands that it had
reserved the full value of the lands that it had re-
served and the lands that it had granted. I say
to the House that it would be money in the
pockets of the railroad company if they had pur-
chased the lands and built the road.
This railroad pays seven per cent, on its gross
earnings to the State of Illinois; it pays its taxes
to the General Government; the whole country
is prospering and growing rich in consequence
of this railroad company. I hope this House
wilt refuse to agree to this proposed amendment
of the committee, or rather of the committee on
the part of the House. I hope that the House
will recede from their amendment. I am satisfied
from a careful examination of the matter from
first to last that it is the just and proper thing,
that it is the equitable and legal thing, for us to do.
Mr, WILSON resumed the floor. - .
Mr. WA.SHBURNE, of Illinois, I ask the
gentleman to yield to me. f
Mr. WILSON. I yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I would not have troubled the House with a single
remark on this question had it not been for the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis.] I have observed here that whenever you
touch a railroad, you touch my friend like a tor-
pedo, and he goes off; he explodes. He has re-
peated to-night what has so often been said before,.
If a gentleman interposes here to save the taoney
of the people in the Treasury, his influence is
sought to be impaired by attributing reasons and
motives which have Jio.foundation in fact. How-
ever this may apply to individuals, I dp not know-
how it can apply to a corporation like the Illinois
Central Railroad Company, which has no soul.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
alludes to my having some grievance. , I have
no grievance except the grievance of having
|1,500,000 taken from the Treasury and put into
the pockets of this foreign railroad corporation,
against law and against right.
The question is here to-night whether this
House is to stultify itself. It has unanimously
more than once decided that this company had no
right to make this "grab" upon the Treasury.
We decided it the other night on the proposition
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not unanimously.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It decided
unanimously in adopting at the last Congress thp
report of the gentleman from Indiana, (Mr. Por-
ter,) which in express terms took the ground
taken at this Congress, If my colleague had been
as well posted as I am on this question he would
have known what I said to be true.
Sir, I say that it is a question whether we are
to stultify ourselves; whether, after having de-
cided unanimously that this company should not
be paid, within three weeks we will vote to pay
this money to them.
The people must look with amazement at the
power of this railroad company in Congress, when
it can come here and in three weeks reverse all
our action and say to the country the Army bill
shall not pass if it shall be prevented from obtain-
ing this gratuity, which our constituents, now
groaning under taxation, must pay. No, sir, the
Army bill is to be delayed in its passage to pro-
vide for the Illinois Central Railroad Company.
The bronzed and brave veterans, who have carried
the eagles of the Republic over half the nation in
triumph and glory, cannot be paid by this Army
bill until we shall pay tribute to these British
bondholders.
Sir, I do not wish to take up the time of the
House. I cannot believe, and will not believeuntil
I see the vote recorded, that we are prepared now
to reverse all that we have said on the record and
vote this amount of money into the hands of the
Illinois Central Railroad Company, when our sol-
diers are not paid and when theirfamilies athome
are suffering. I said the other day when 1 spoke
on this question that I would not argue the legal
point because the House had precluded me on
that subject, and I showed further that so far as
the equities of the case were concerned the com-
pany had no equity; and now, thanking the gen-
tleman from Iowa, I will detain the House no
longer.
Mr. WILSON resumed the floor.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask the gentleman to
yield me five minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I am satisfied the House do
not desire that I yield any further.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
whether he yields the floor or not.
Mr. WILSON, Well, I think 1 oughtto yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, and I
will do so.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I shall not detain the House
long by any remarks 1 propose to make. My
colleague from the Galena district seems to be
