1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643,
ABSENT — Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Collamer, Hale,
Harding, Harris, Hicks, Howe, McPougall, Nesmith, Rich-
ardson. SimUbury Sprague, Ten Eyek Wade, Wilkinson,
and Willcy—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out the
seventh section, anil I wish to say but one or two
words on this motion. It seems to me to be very
clear that this section proposes to punish deser-
tions which have already taken place, with a pen-
alty which the law does not already prescribe.
In other words it is an ex post facto criminal law
which 1 think wc cannot pass. It is that " in
addition to the other lawful penalty for the crime
of desertion from, military or naval service, all
persons who have deserted the military or naval
service of the United States, and who shall not
return" within sixty days after the passage of
this law, shall be punished by being stripped of
ail the rightsofcitizenshipandbedenied the right
to hold an office of trust or profit under the Uni-
ted States. One of the penalties known very well
to the ciiminal iaws of the country is the denial
of the right of suffrage and the right to hold offices
of trust or profit.
It seems to me this objection to the section is
very clear, but I desire to suggest further that
this section punishes desertions that may here-
after take place in the same manner, and it is
known to Senators that one desertion recen df
created is not reporting when notified of the draft.
A person drafted is notified of the fact, and if he
fails to appear within a certain number of days,
he is a deserter. He may have a sufficient ex-
cuse for that: it may have been impossible for
him to appear; but ho is declared to be a deserter
under existing laws. I submit to Senators that
it is a horrible thin^ to deprive a man of his citi-
zenship, of that which is his pride and honor,
from the mere fact that lie lias been unable to re-
port upon the day specified after being notified
that he has been drafted. Certainly the punish-
ment for desertion is severe enough. It extends
now from the denial of pay up to death; that en-
tjie compass is given for the punishment of this
offense. Why add this other? It cannotdoany
good.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, as a substitute, was concurred in.
The bill was oidered to beengrossed for a third
reading, and was read tiie third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
^Wr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the Senator from
Kentucky will allow me to submit a motion that
. ail prior orders be postponed with a view to take
up the joint resolution fixing the duty on print-
ing paper.
Mr. POWELL, I wish to make such a mo-
tion myself, and 1 cannot yield the floor. I move
that all prior orders be postponed and that Sen-
ate bill No. 392, for building a bridge across the
Ohio uver, be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh no, we will vote it
down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I v/ithdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The question was put on Mr. Powell's mo-
tion and it was declaied not to be agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from Kentucky on this subject, if
he wii! allow me to do so. 1 am for the measure
which he desires to take up, which I believe is
to authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Ohio wver. I think he will gain nothing by
making it a special oider. We have had a pies-
suie of business foi some time past, but we can
get on now. I think the Senator can get his bill
up at almost any time, unless he antagonizes it
with an appropriation bill.
Mr. POWELL. I believe every Senator in
this Chamber is for my bill except one; but that
does me no good. I can never get it up for con-
sideration.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. Let the Senator pursue
his own course.
Mr. POWELL. What good is it if the whole
Senate is for the bill when 1 cannot get it up? It
was made the special order for yesterday, but
did not come up.
Mr. POMEROY, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 19.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate seems to be in an
amiable frame of mind, and I therefore beg leave
to ask unanimous consent to introduce a bill with
a view to reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until the order of
business is settled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill cannot
be received. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order now to
move to postpone all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up Senate bill No. 359?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not quite now,
bccause the precise question before the Senate is
on a motion to postpone the prior orders and take
up a particular bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I gee that my friends
from Ohio and Kentucky will never get through
with this difficulty. I have been laboring for
three weeks to get up the bill for Missouri, the
number of which I have given,and i am satisfied
that if we can get it up it will take but a short
time. I make my suggestion merely to settle the
difficulty between my two friends. I see there
is some excitement on the question, and I move
to postpone all prior orders and take up the bill
I have indicated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
now in order.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make one sugges-
tion to the Senate in regard to this matter of the
priority of business. I see that several gentleman
desire to get up bills to-day, I suppose for the
purpose of leaving then as unfinished business.
I desire to say that that will do them no good,
because at one o'clock to-morrow we have to go
to the House of Representatives to count the
presidential votes, and everything will be dis-
placed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The unfinished business
will come up.
Mr. CLARK. No, the unfinished business
will lose its place, like everything else.
Mr. SHERMAN. Bat 1 understand that the
unfinished business of to-day will come up at one
o'clock on the next.
Mr. CLA RK. I do not understand that it will.
Mr. SHERMAN. In all candor to the Senate,
1 must say that I do not think they ought to place
me m this position. I am here as the represent-
ative of the Finance Committee, desiring to get up
a public measure. I cannot engage in a struggle
with Senators who simply desire to get up bills
in which local communities are interested. That
is the condition of the honorable Senator from
Missouri, who is a member of the Committee on
Finance, and of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. All I desire is to have the general legisla-
tive appropriation bill placed in a position where it
can be considered without this continual struggle in
regard to the order of business. If that bill is now
taken up and fixed for any hour and day which
may be named, 1 will not make any furtherstrug-
gle. That is all 1 desire.
Mr. CLARK. Let us fix it for half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in order now to
submit the motion I desire, because the Senator
from Kentucky is before me, although I believe
I was on the floor first; but I do not complain of
that.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not make the bill the
special order lor Thursday, at one o'clock?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot make any motion
in regard to it until the pending motion is dis-
posed of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. That will unravel the diffi-
culty.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
* HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 7, 1865. ; > -
The House met attwelve'o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channwg.
The Journal of yesterday was read arid approved.'
WILLIAM Q, SHELDON.
On motion of Mr. HULBURD, the Committee •
on Public Expenditures was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of William
G.Sheldon for relief; and the same was referred-'
to the Comnrittee of Claims.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question upon the motion I mado
yesterday to postpone for two weeks the bill (H.
R. No. 602) to guaranty to certain States whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown
a republican form of government.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw that demand a moment and
allow me to make a statement.
Mr. DAWES. I would also request the gen-
tleman to withdraw the demand that I may make
a statement to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What does
the gentleman from Massachusetts desire ?
Mr. DAWES. I desire to present to the House
some reasons why 1 think they should dispose of
this bill at this time, either by passing it or by a
final vote of some kind. Will the gentleman with-
draw his demand to allow me to do so?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to know more particularly the gentleman's pur-
pose.
Mr. DAWES. I will renew the demand for
the previous question, or make any other motion
the gentleman may suggest.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand and allow me to move to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to consider some appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw the demand and allow the gentleman from
Massachusetts to make his statement.
Mr. STEVENS. Will not gentlemen post-
pone this matter for the present, and allow some
public business to be disposed of?
Mr. DAWES. How much time will that con-
sume?
Mr. ASHLEY. I would suggest that this mat-
tor be passed over informally for the present, as
the committee on the rebellious States have not
had an opportunity to consult with each other
since the passage of the constitutional amend-
ment. I make that suggestion, and hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interfere
with the appropriation bills, if by general consent
this bill can be postponed to a particular hour
when I can submit some views and present some
reasons why I think there should be some early
action upon it, as early as possible. That ar-
rangement would be agreeable to me, and I should
not then interfere wifh the appropriation bills.
I suggest that we postpone the bill until three
o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. STEVENS. It will come up as a matter
of course.
Mr. DAWES. Should I be considered as hav-
ing the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will be entitled to the floor on the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS. I now desire to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on an appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. Let me inquire what would
then be the condition of this bill.
The SPEAKER. Whenever legislation shall
be resumed in the House, the reconstruction bill
will be the puor special older.
Mr. DAWES. Upon which I should have the
floor?
The .SPEAKER. Thegentleman will have the
floorun the motion to postpone; but the debate is
limited simply to the question of postponement,
and does not extend to the merits of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to be heard par-
ticulaily on the question of the postponement of
the bill. I desire, however, to submit B'jme re-
marks to the House on the merits of the bill, for
