1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
somewhat excited on this subject. I do not pro-
pose to answer ail the points he has made in his
argument, but simply to refer to them. His first
position is that we are defeating the Army bill by
insisting that this railroad ought to be paid for
transporting the troops and Government property
over their line, and second that by so paying the
Central Railroad Company we are aiding the
rebels in Canada to make raids upon our people.
Now I have no answer to make to such argu-
ments as that; they are mere appeals to men's
prejudices. I must be permitted, however, to say
a word in relation to the allusions which he makes
on every occasion to the foreign bondholders who
control the Central railroad stock. In answer
to that I have simply to say that foreign capital-
ists, when we were poor and unable to build this
railroad, stepped in and supplied the means to
make the traclc, to put'the rails upon it, and to
furnish the rolling stock. They did it expecting
of course to be remunerated for their expenditure,
and I have no quarrel with them, nor ought my
colleague to have, inasmuch as they came to our
assistance when our people were unable to raise
a dollar for carrying on this work.
But, sir, I arose more for the purpose of calling
the attention of the House to the character of the
amendment which it is now proposed to put into
this bill. The Illinois Central railroad being a
land-grant railroad is to receive nothing for trans-
porting the Government troops over their line,
while other land-grant railroads are. Why this
discrimination between this road and other roads?
Why not apply this rule to all other roads that
have received land grants and have gone into
operation and are engaged in business? There is
but one answer you can make, and that is that
the Illinois Central road is a rich corporation
and can bear it. Well, I am not prepared to say
whether they can bear it or not. I know they
have expended vast amounts of money. I know
that the road-bed cost a large amount of money;
and it cost a large amount to put upon it the roll-
ing stock and to build the depots. They invested
$12,000,000 in rolling stock alone. After having
done that it is proposed that we shall use their
road and their rolling stock without a cent of com-
pensation from the Government.
Mr. WILSON. The action of this branch of
Congress upon this question has been too con-
sistently uniform during the Thirty-Seventh as
well as the Thirty-Eighth Congress, for me to
attempt to argue the question in dispute in the
House at this time. I shall not therefore do it.
DuringtheThirty-Seventh Congress this question
was presented by one if not two of the Missouri
railroads which had received grants of land upon
the same terms as those of the Illinois Central
road. Congress, in both Houses, declined at that
time to agree to the construction which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] seeks now
to have this House adopt. They expressly re-
fused to recognize that construction. On three
other occasions during that Congress this House
affirmed and reaffirmed that position,and on two
occasions during this Congress this House has
done the same thing. I therefore shall not oc-
cupy the time of the House in endeavoring to
show that our action should continue in that
direction.
There is one thing further that I desire every
member to be apprised of, and that is this, that
the Illinois Central Railroad Company has never
carried the troops or property ofthe United States,
either in time of peace or time of war, without
charging therefor. They have always charged
and received compensation. And inasmuch as
the reduction of rateshas been referred to, I wish
to call the attention of the House to the fact that
the various railroad companies of the United
States, as I am informed by gentlemen who are
well versed in railroad matters, agreed last win-
ter to deduct thirty-three and a third per cent, in
favor of the Government. Roads which never
received any land grants, or any other gratuity
whatever from the Government, deduct the same
amount that is now said to be such a magnificent
concession upon the part of this Illinois Central
Railroad Company.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman
makes the allegation that other roads have agreed
to carry for the Government at a reduction of
thirty-three and a third per cent, from their reg-
ular prices, I undertake to say that the Govern-
ment have deducted from the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company thirty-three and a third per cent,
from the prices which they have paid to every
other road.
Mr. WILSON. By an order issued from the
War Department in 1861, that was true. But I
am informed that the companies to which I have
referred, during the last winter took this action
in a convention held by the representatives of the
various railroad companies of the country, by
which they proposed to deduct thirty-three and a
third per cent, from their charges in favor of the
Government. This company, never has done it
in time of peace or in time of war.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would ask the gen-
tleman if the Illinois Central railroad prior to the
rebellion transported materials for the Govern-
ment, and charged,and received pay therefor.
Mr. WILSON. They did, and they received
compensation therefor.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Was that prior or sub-
sequent to the rebellion?
Mr. WILSON. It was prior to the.rebellion,
and during a time of peace.
But I do not wish to weary the patience of the
House, and I therefore demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question was-on agreeing to Mr. Wil-
son's motion to agree to the Senate amendment
with an amendment, as follows:
Insert:
Provided, That no money appropriated by this act shall
be used for the purpose of paying the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company for the transportation of the property or
troops ofthe United States.
There being, on a division—ayea 46, noes 46,
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays. £
The yeas and nays were ordered.  
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 61, not voting 42;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Ashley, Baily, Augustus
O. Baldwin,- John D. Baldwin, Baiter, Beaman, Blaine,
Boutweli, Boyd, Brandegee, James S. Brown, Cobb, Cole,
Creswell, Dawson, Demmg, Denlson, Dixon, Driggs, Eck-
ley, Eliot, English, Finek, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Goych,
Grider, Hale, Harding, Herrick, Higby, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,Hulburd,
Jenckes, Orlando Kellogg, Marcy, Marvin, McBride, Mc-
Clurg, Middleton, Samuel F. MJIer, Moor!)end,Daniel Mor-
ris, Amo* Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill,
Orth, Perhani, Pike, Porneroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
John II. Rice, Itogers, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rol-
lins, Schenck, Seofield, Sloan, Smith, Smilhers, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, EUliu B. Washburne,
Chilton A. White, Williams, Wilson, and Windoin—79.
NAYS — Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Arnold,
Bliss, Blow, Brooks, Brooinall, Ambrose W. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Grinnel!, Griswold,
Charles M. Harris, lngersoll, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kasson, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Ker-
nan, King, Knapp, Le Blond, Littlejohn, Long, Longyear,
Mallory, McAllister, William H. Miller, Morrill, James it.
Morris, Morrison, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Perry. Pruyn,
William II. Randall, AlexanderH.Rice, Ross,Scott,Shan-
non, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Smart, Townseild,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Winfield, Wood-
bridge, Worthington, and Yeaman—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley. An-
derson, Blair, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Duinont, Hall, Harring-
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Knox,
Law, Lazear, Loan, McDowell, Meltidoe, McKmney,
Leonard Myers, Nelson, Patterson, Radford, Robinson,
Spalding, Starr, William G. Steele, Sweat. Van Valk-
enburgh, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley, Jo-
seph W. White, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando
Wood—42.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment as amended, and it was adopted.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment as amended was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 703) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge of!
United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof;" when the Speaker
signed the same.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. GRISWOLD, from the special committee
on invalid pensions, appointed December 20,1864,
made a report, which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
QUESTION OP ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a tjues-
tion of order. It is now midnight, and I insist
that the opinion of Thomas H. Benton on this
subject is correct and sound, that whenever the
time limited for the existence of Congress has ar-
rived Congress has no further power to legislate.
Congress cannot, by its mere failure to adjourn,
be continued beyond the time fixed by law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The existence of this Congress
will expire, by constitutional limitation, at twelve
o'clock on the 4th of March.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a privileged question. I move that the House do .
now take a recess for one hour.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend by taking
a recess till ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
agree to that amendment if I thought it would
carry, and if it would not interrupt public business.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that no motion will
be made to take a recess until after the miscella-
neous appropriation bill shall be returned from the
Senate and acted on. When that bill is returned
and acted on I think the House may take a recess.
Mr. MALLORY. J withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Randall's
jfootion, and it was rejected.
NATAL CONTRACTS.
Mr. GRISWOLD asked unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Naval Affairs a
joint resolution in relation to naval contracts for
the supply of provisions or materials.
Mr. SCOFIELD objected.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the Senate
amendment to the act (HTR. No. 761) extending
the time for the completion of certain land-grant
railroads in the State ofMinnesota, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Windomami
Coffroth were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 74, noes 31.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 37, not voting 51;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Ashley, Bally,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Bliss,
Blow, Boutweli, Boyd, Brandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose W.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eden, Edserton, Eldridge, Eliot,
FranifcGanson, Garfield, Gooch, Giinnell, Hale, Charles M.
HarVfs, Herrick, Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Ingersoll, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kallifieisch,
Kasson. Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Keruan,
King, Knapp, Le Blond, Longvear, Marvin, McAllister,
McBride, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel
Morris, Jaines It. Morris. Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Odeil, Orth, Patterson, Pen-
dleton,Perham, Perry, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall,
John H.Rice, Ed ward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Scott,
Sloan, Smith, Sinithers, John B. Steele, Stiles. Strouse,
Stuart, Sweat, Upson,Van Valkenburgh,Ward,William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Wortli-
ington—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, John I>. Baldwin, Chanler,
Cobb, CofiVotli, Cox. Cravens, Creswell, Dawson, Demmg,
Denison, Fmck,Grider,Holman, Hooper, John II. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Kelley, Long,Mallorv. Marcy, MiddJeton,Willi*ni
H. Miller, Morrill, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Samuel
J. Randall, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Elihti B.
Washburne. Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Williams, Win-
field, and Woodbridge—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ames,
Anderson, Arnold, Blair, Brooks. Jaines S. Brown,William
G. Brown, Clay, Henry Winter Davis, Donnelly, Duinont,
English, Farnsworth, Griswold, Hall, Harding, Harrington,
Benjamin G. Harris, Hutchins, Jenckes, Julian, Knox,
Law, Lassear, Littlejohn, Loan,McDowell, McIndoe,Mc-
Kimiey, pjke, Priiyn, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, Roliin-
e°n, Rogers, James S. Ko'liiiH, Ross, Shannon, Spalding,
