1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Starr, William G. Steele, Townsend, Voorhees, Wads-
wortli, Webster, Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, and Yeainan—51.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended; and the amendment was taken
from the Speaker's table.
Mr. W1NDOM. I move to concur in tlie
amendment of the Senate; and upon that I call
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the reading of the
Senate amendment.
The Senate amendment was read Itwasinthe
nature of a substitute for the bill of the House,
and provides for granting to the State of Minne-
sota ten alternate sections of public land per mile
within twenty miles of the line of railroads for
which previous grants had been made, &c.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
. The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House concurred in the amendment
of the Senate; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of its clerks, announced to the House that the
Senate insisted upon their amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 600) for the better organization of
the subsistence department, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House; and that the Senate
have appointed Messrs. Morgan, Spragoe, and
Powell on the part of the Senate.
TltADE WITH REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to take up from the Speaker's
table the Senate amendments to the House bill
repealing the eighth section of the act of July 2,
1864, in regard to the cotton trade.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up
the bill (H. R.No. 805) to repeal the eighth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act in addition to the
several acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, to pro-
vide for tlie collection of captured and abandoned
- property, and the prevention of frauds in States
declared in insurrection,"approved July 2,1864,
and for other purposes, with the amendments of
the Senate.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
The amendments of the Senate were as follows:
Add to the first section the words " of the agents of the
Government."
Add to the biit the following additional sections:
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That all cotton seized
by the military or naval authorities, or surrendered to said
authorities, shall be delivered to the officers of the Treas-
ury, and vouchers shall be given to the owner of such cot-
ton, entitling suchowneror claimant personally to receive
payment for such cotton at the end ot the war, less taxes
expenses, in bonds of the United States, bearing six
per cent, interest, redeemable in twenty years.
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That If any person or
persons shall pass, alter, publish,orsell, or attempt to pass,
alter, publish,or sell,any note, token, device, sciip,bond,
or other evidence of debt of the so-cal led confederate States,
or any one ot them, issued since the 1st of January, 1861,
he or they shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a felony,
and shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not
exceeding $5,000, aud by imprisonment and confinement
at hard labor not exceeding ten years, at the discretion of
the court, according to the aggravation of the offense.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the House concurred
in the amendments of the Senate; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. HALE. I now call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by Which the Houss ordered the
bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of John Hastings,
collector of the port of Pittsburg, to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill was taken up, and the question was
upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that a motion was made by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbcrne] to lay this bill on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
•my motion.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to. s
LUCIEN ANDERSON. *
Mr. SMITH, from the select committee in the
case of Hon. Locien Anderson, made a report,
with accompanying testimony, which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also the following resolution:
Ilesolveit, That the charges of bribery, corruption, and
malfeasance in office, against Hon. Locien Anderson, a
member of this House, are not sustained by the proof in
the ease.
Mr. SMITH. I will say that this report is
signed by every member of the committee except
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Stuart,] who
was not present at any of its meetings, and de-
sired me to say that he did not sign the report be-
cause he did not know anything about it. I now
move the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] to withdraw his call for
the previous question until I can ask him a ques-
tion in relation to the action of this committee,
Mr. SMITH. I will withdraw for a question.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to have read at the
Clerk's desk a paper which I now hold in my
hand, being the statement of Colonel Brown, of
the State of Kentucky, in the service of the Uni-
ted States; and to inquire of the gentleman 
Mr. SMITH. I did not withdraw to haveany
paper read.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to base my question
on that paper, and to ask why that paper was
not received by the committee.
Mr. SMITH. My colleague [Mr. Mallort]
asked me to allow him to propound a question,
and I withdrew the call for the previous question
for that purpose only; instead of asking a ques-
tion he sends a paper to the Clerk's desk to be
read. I must resume the floor, and insist upon
the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman intend
to suppress any evidence?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir, I do not. The depo-
sition of Colonel Brown has been taken, and is
among the evidence reported from the committee.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main ques-
tion.
Upon this question there were, on a division
—ayes 65, noes 9; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Smith and
Mallort to act as tellers.
Mr. MALLORY. I prefer to be excused from
acting as teller.
Mr. SMITH. As my colleague [Mr. Mal-
lory] has declined to act as teller, 1 would also
decline acting.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Broomall,
and O'Neill of Ohio, to act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 2; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
31st rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Every member who shall be in the House when the
question is put shall give his vote unless the House shall
excuse him. All motions to excuse a member from voting
shall be made before the House divides, or before the call
of the yeas and nays is commenced."
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests gentle-
men who have not voted to conform to the rules
which they themselves have made and required
the Chair to enforce.
The tellers continued the count; and reported
—noes eighteen; no quorum yet voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again appeals to
gentlemen to obey the rule. The rule states spe-
cifically that members who desire to be excused
from voting mu^t be excused before the House
divides. If members do not obey the rales tliey
bring them into contempt. -
Mr. BROOKS. The difficulty is that we do
not know how to vote; we have no knowledge of
the evidence. " . •
Mr. ASHLEY. Does that excuse the getifle-
man from New York for violating the rules?
Mr. BROOKS. Well, enforce the rules. It
is nothing new for members to decline to«vote.
I have known it to be done a hundred times.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. If there is not a quorum-
I move a call of the House. ; '
The tellers, having continued the count, re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 26.
So the main question was. ordered.
The question recurred on agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRUYN. If it is in order now, I desire
to ask to be excused from voting, and on that
question I wish to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the reading of
the evidence on which the report is based. How
can I vote upon the report of acommittee without
knowing what is the evidence ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 think it unfairon the ptCU of
gentlemen on the other side not to permit that
document to be read.
The question on excusing Mr. Pruyn from
voting was decided in the negative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed in part to the report of the committee of
conference on bill (H. R. No. 683) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1866, had insisted on its
first amendment proposed to be amended by the
House, asked anew committee of conference, and
had appointed Messrs. Harris, Howe, and Wil-
ley, to be managers of such conference on the
patt of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House insist, and appoint a new committee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
LUCIEN ANDERSON—AGAIN.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] a question.
The SPEAKER, it can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot agree to answer any
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Docs the gentleman refuse
to answer a question? Then he dodges.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table.
Mr. C. A. WHITE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wtere ordered.
The question was taken; arid there were—yeas
5, nays 83, not voting 94; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Denison,
Ingersoll, and William Johnson—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Ba%,
Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boutvvell, Boyd, Broomall, Am-
brose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Vole,
Cox, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Seining,
Dixon, Driggs, Eldridge, Eliot, Frank, Gooeli, Grinnell,
Hale, Higby, Holman, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Jolm I). Hub-
bard. Hulburd, Philip Johnson, Kasson, Kelley, Orlando
Kellogg, King, Longyear, Maicy, Marvin, MeBride, Mc-
Clurg, McKmney, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill/ Per-
ham, Perry, Pomcroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexan-
der H. Rice, John H. Kiee, Edward H. Rollins, James S.
Rollins,Schenck,Scofield,Shannon,Sloan, Smith, Smith-
ers, John B. Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Traey,
Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washbume, William
B. Washburn,Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, WiUfcr, Wilson,
Windorn, and Wortlilngton—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Augustus C. Baldwin, Joint D. Baldwin, Blaine,
Blair, Bliss, Brandegee, Brooks, James S. Brown, William
G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Daw-
son, Donnelly, Duinont, Eckley, Eden, Edgerton, English,
Farnsvvorth, Finek, Ganson, Garfield, Gruler, Gnswold,
Hall, Harding,Harrington, Benjamin U.Harris,CharlesM.
Harris, Ilerrick, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hutchms, Jenckes,
Julian, Kalbtleiseii, Francis W, Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp,
Knox, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Littlejolm, Loan, Long,
Mallory, McAllister, McDowell; Mefodo'e, Mlddletou,
William H. Miller, Moorhead,James R. Morris, Morrison,
