646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
by our votes in reference to the Monroe doctrine,
it hardly becomes us at this moment to take from
the Administration the sinews of war, and the
means of holding a defiant front against the prin-
ciple of Dei gratia, and the system of monarchy
that is now being reestablished in the southwest-
ern section of this continent. The time has come
when no public measure looking toward the
policy of this Administration in foreign or do-
mestic relations should induce us for a moment
to close our eyes to the importance of being pre-
pared, vi et armis, to carry out the foreign policy
which the predecessors of our present President
laid down in the face of European aggressions
upon the American continent. The period has
come when the continental system of Monroe is
to be the established principle of a united people.
I believe that, by a proper spirit of conciliation,
by a broad-minded, statesmanlike policy, founded
on suitable appeals to the sympathies of Ameri-
cans for the rights of Americans, wo may reunite
with us the armies that now march under the south-
ern cross, and with combined energies we may re-
pel atonce the encroachments of European power
upon the American continent. With these views,
and not in any spirit of cavil or objection, I must
maintain the propriety of the appropriation now
under consideration, as reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks was rejected.
Mr. TOWNSEND. 1 move to amend by
Btriinngout in line eighty-three " $300,000,"and
inserting in lieu thereof, " £150,000." It occurs
to me, Mr. Chairman, that an appropriation of
$300,000 " for surveys for military defenses, and
for purchase of campaign maps,"at this stage
of the war, is an enormous sum. It strikes me
that the ordinary appropriations for the Army
cmbvace the services included in this item. Un-
der the circumstances, I think that an appropria-
tion of $150,000 would accomplish all that is re-
quired ; and the remainder of this sum might veiy
properly be applied to the increase of pay of those
officers below the grade of captain, in the Army,
who, it is well known, are now suffering in con-
sequence of the inadequacy of their pay.
The amendment of Mr.Townsend was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For (-urvey of liouliern and noilliwosturn lakes, includ-
ing Luke £ upeuor, $123,(11)0.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 want to know whether that
is an appropriation for internal improvements, or
for the military service.
Mr. STEVENS. It is for surveys for mili-
tary purposes.
Mr. BROOKS. Does not that belong to the
legitimate duties of the Coast Survey bureau?
Mr. STEVENS. The surveys of the Coast
Survey arc intfiided for the purposes of coninieice
and navigation.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think that we have a
satisfactory explanation of this appropriation of
$125,000 for the survey of the noi thern and north-
western lakes, including Lake Superior. It is a
large sum for surveying,especially when we have
a Coast Survey at ail expense of over half a mil-
lion dollars. If 1 could ariive at the full expense
of the department 1 have no doubt that it would
be more than that sum.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman from No w York
will pardon me for a moment I will state that the
Coast Survey has never extended its labors to the
lakes at all; and the duty of eating for the lakes
1ms been imposed upon the topographical bureau
pf the War Department. This appropriation has
always been made for and expended under the
War Department, and these surveys have been
made by the topographical bureau of that Depart-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS. I am aware of that. The an-
nua] expense of the Coast Survey is over five hun-
dred thousand dollars, I think that I ;tm $100,000
too low; but I have no means of making any ac-
cuiate calculation, for the estimates of that bureau
are made up in a way that defies all culinary
arithmetic. What I wish to suggest is that the
du'y of tiic Coast Survey should be extended so as
to embrace the survey of the lakes. Lake Supe-
rior is un ocean of itself. I think that the Coast
suivey should incur these expenses. But, in a
time of war like this, can $125,000 be necessary
for tho survey of the northern and northwestern
lakes? Michigan is pietty wed surveyed, and
Ontario and Superior cannot require no much.
Mr. GANSON. I move to insert the following:
For repairing, equipping, and enlarging Fort Porter,
$100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I propose that for the reason
that I do not seeany appropriation made for put-
ting the forts above Niagara falls in any condi-
tion of repair. It has been reported to the Depart-
ment within the last year that Fort Porter is in
no condition whateveras a means of defense, and
that repair and enlargement of that fort are neces-
sary. In line ten of the bill $50,000 is appropri-
ated for repairs of Fort Niagara, near Youngs-
town, New York, a fort below the falls, and
$100,000 for Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York.
Now, sir, we have within a few days passed,
by a large majority of this House, a bill, which I
opposed, for a military canal which is to touch
Niagara river above the falls and enter that river
below those falls. That was proposed and passed
as a military measure. All the vast commerce
upon that canal will be exposed to inroads from
the opposite shore. This Fort Porter is located
upon the shoulder, at the foot of the lake, and the
head of the river, commanding the entire Cana-
dian shore. The fort is out of repair and it ought
to be repaired and equipped.
There is no reason why this appropriation
should be withheld. 1 think that there has been
some mistake in a recommendation for this work
not having been sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I ask the chairman to allow the
amendment to be inserted; and if there is any-
thing wrong about it i will see that it is stricken
out in the {Senate. It has been recommended by
the officer employed by the Navy Department to
inspect this fort. He made a special report, which
I have seen.
Mr. STEVENS. We put in all that the De-
partment recommended. If they had recom-
mended this, we would also have inserted it. It
is much easier to have it inserted in the Senate
than to insert it here, and have it stricken out
there.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to gratify the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, but this appro-
priation is manifestly right, and was omitted by
an overMght.
Mr. SPALDING, I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the amendment of the gentleman from
New York. I ask that it may be read, and then
perhaps the gentleman from New York will ac-
cept it.
The substitute was read, as follows:
For repairs of the public works,such as fort?, piers, and
hrcakwatiTH at the mouth? of ilie harbors of the northern
ami northwestern lakes, $3U0,000.
Mr. GANSON. I cannot accept that as a sub-
stitute. 1 prefer to have a vote upon this* specific
amend ment in reference to Fort Porter, for I know
tlie puhhe interest requires the appropriation, and
/ know I could satisfy the House, from the re-
port made by the Depnitment, if I had time, that
this appropnatjon ought to be made.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my substitute.
Mr. DAY1S, of New York. I desire to say
but a woid upon the subject of the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague from Now York. 1 find
that in the pi eseht bill $100,000 have been appro-
priated for tlie repairof Fort Ontario, at Oswego;
and I am confident that the wotk alluded to by
the gentleman from Buffalo requires repairs to a
greater extent even than Fort Ontario at Oswego.
It is at the foot of the lakes, where the vast com-
merce of the West reaches the point where the
waters of the kikes connect with the tide-waters
of the Hudson. Theie is no protection for that
cummeice by way of forts. This position com-
mands the Canadian shore and the Niagara river,
and I am confident that the importance of Buffalo
alone, without respect to the immense commerce
of the lakes, demands that this improvement
should be made, and the expenditure incurred.
It is just to the people of the great West that then-
property and interests should be thus protected;
and unless we put this fottification in complete
repair,! know not what contingencies may arise,
or what accidents or damages may result. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
v. ill be adoptrd.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I would like to
! inquire of my colleague who offered this amend-
] mi'nt, it this Fort Porter is one of the defenses of
| the city and harbor of Buffalo; or is it further I
i down the lake, at the mouth of lite nver? I
Mr. GANSON. It is on the shore of the river
upon the bluff where the elbow is formed by the
junction of the river with the lake. Beneath this
eminence passes the Erie canal, and the fort is ne-
cessary for the protection of that. It commands the
opposite shore. Fort Erie is upon the other side.
It defends Buffalo harbor, the Erie canal, the New
York Central railroad, and all the communications
between the West and the East upon which the
products of the West are transported. There is
no point, in my judgment, so important to be
defended as this, and it is a gross oversight upon
the part of the Department that an appropriation
was not recommended for it. If I had time, I
know 1 could satisfy this House, from the special
report of the Department, that this is a necessary
amendment. 1 have offered it in good faith, and
I hope it will be seriously entertained.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I made the in-
quiry merely for information, and I am perfectly
satisfied with the reply.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I now move to amend by
inserting the following:
For repairs of the public works, such as fort5?, pieis,
and breakwaters at the mouths of harbors, on the north-
em and noi tliwestern lakes, $300,000.
I wish to say to the committee that last year
Congress appropriated §250,000 to be expended
under the direction of tlie Secretary of War fai
the purpose of repairing works of 
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
This is a fortification bill, and the amendment
does not refer to fortifications.
Mr. SPALDING. The bill includes forts and
other fortifications.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SPALDING. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. I would call the attention of
the Chair to some items in this bill; for instance,
in line thirty-seven is an appropriaton for a sea-
wall on Great firewater's Island, Boston haibor,
Massachusetts, $'10,000.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a fortification.
Mr. WILSON. There is nothing in the hill
which shows that. There are several other sim-
ilar items.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
to the gentleman from Iowa that no objections
were made to those items, and therefore they
were passed.
Mr. WILSON. I make the suggestion for the
purpose of sustaining the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS. The appeal is not debatable,
is it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question bem<r, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of (lie committee?
Mr. .SPALDING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Gaxson* were appointed.
The committee divided; and tlie tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 44.
So it was decnlcd that the decision of the Chair
should stand as the judgment of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take up bill of the
House No. 633, making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June,1866.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up, and read in full.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 find on line forty-six a pro-
vision for expenses of courts-martial, militajy
commissions, and courts of inquiry." I avail
myself of this opportunity to say that in my judg-
ment it is quite time that these military <Jfomnus-
eions east of the Potomac and north of the Ohio
liver were dispensed with, and that the ordinary
courts of law should he substituted for these mil-
itary commissions. The military commissions
which have been created here m this city have,
some of them, been more oppressive than any of
those which disgraced English history; and the
rcccnt decision of the chief justice of the supreme
