1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64?
court of the District of Columbia, settling certain
principles of law, is one which, in my judgment,
would have disgraced the age of Jeffreys. But I
avail myself of this, the only opportunity that i
have, to say to the President of the United States
that in the present'state of feeling east of the Poto-
mac and north of the Ohio river, I hope he will
exercise his prerogative to do away with the dis-
graceful, dishonorable, disreputable transactions
in these military commissions. The record they
have made the future and the existing historian
will be obliged to conceal and gloss over if not to
erase from rhe page of American history.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no doubt it is very dis-
agreeable to have one's friends tried by court-
martial and cashiered. I have had one such ex-
perience, about which, at first, 1 felt very much
aggrieved; but after reading the evidence 1 did not
say a word about it. The idea that you can do
away with courts-martial in time^of war is a novel
idea in the history of nations. There may be great
injustice done by these courts, as there is by ail
courts occasionally, sometimes through mistake,
sometimes through ignorance, seldom, I think,
through design. Whether the Presider%should
do away; with these courts, as advised by his
friend from New Yoik, [Mr. Brooks,] is for him
to consider. One thing i am suie of,and thatis,
that the people of these United States, the loyal
people of these United States, have rather cen-
sured him for the facility with which lie has par-
doned and released those who have been con-
victed.
There was a case in my own State to which
attention was called the other day by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] in
which a horse inspector, I think, had dealt largely
in fraudulent transactions and had been tried by
court-martial. To what was he sentenced?
Mr. DAWES. The court sentenced him to
the restitution of $26,000 embezzled, a fine of
$5,000, and to be imprisoned for two years, and
until the $5,000 and the $26,000 were paid, if it
did not exceed in all five years.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the good-
ness of the President—1 am not censuring him,
perhaps; I say perhaps, because I have no right
to do so—has remitted all of that sentence except
six months' imprisonment. Am I right?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that it was the
goodness of the President 1 inquired for the
record in order to ascertain the facts. The recoid
stafpd that by order of the Secretary of War the
sentence was commuted to suspension from pay
and rank for six calendar months.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, afterthat sentence
of the court, 1 think that that remission was re-
markable.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to add, if my fiiend
will allow me, that I understand that the same
individual is pressing a private claim of $81,000
against the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, he
will be paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it likely he will get
it. I do not know whether the President or the
Secretary of War is kind enough to suit the gen-
tleman fiom New York, hut I am inclined to think
that he is rather too lenient towai d some of these
malefactors and rebels. I find no fault, however.
Mr. SANSON. I would like to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania if he approves the principle
of trying civil offenses by military commissions,
where the civil courts art' open and the course of
civil iustice is unimpeded?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; but I have not
heard of such eases.
Mr. GANSON. It is done daily in this city,
and it is done all over the country. Persons in
civil life, and committing civil offenses, are being
continually tried by military commissions. Iam
informed by the Military Committee that there
are, within sight of this Capitol, thirty-five per-
sons, arrested in Ohio and other States on the
chaise of counterfeiting the currency—a mere
civil offense, for which they could be indicted,
tried, and punished by the ordinary civil tribu-
nals. I understand that military commissions
in Maryland have even gone so far as to try pei-
sons for counterfeiting the confederate curiency.
Mr. Sl'EVENS. Well, I think they ought to
be hariyed if they spent their time in such worth-
less labor as that. [Laughter.] [f gentlemen will
examine these matters I think they will find that
there is some connection between them and the
military service of the country. Where private
citizens have been tried before courts-martial it has
been for their operations in military affairs, for
matters connected with ihe orders of the War
Depaitment. I do not certainly approve the tiy-
ing of purely civil offenses by military tribunals*,
but I think that the gentlemen from New York
are mistaken, and that there are some facts in the
cases with which they are not entirely acquainted.
But, Mr. Chairman, I merely rose to say that
while I have no doubt there are many mistakes
made and hardships arising from the great num-
ber of men whom we are obliged to watch, yet I
think those mistakes are as few as could well be
expected; and I think that the benignity of the
President in the cxercise of his pardoning power
goes sometimes to an extent that ought not to be
censured, certainly by those who oppose these
military tribunals. I do not know whether any
of us ought to censure him; but I am not cer-
tainly able to applaud the remission of the sen-
tence in the case I have referred to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after line eighty, the following:
Provided, That the Prcsidentshall dismiss no officer in
the military or naval service of the United States, unle>s
upon ihe finding or' a eourt-mnitial convened according to
law : Jind jnovidcd further'. That any officer who shall be
reported by his commanding officer absent without leave
for twenty il.u?-, in time of w.u or active hostilities, may
he dropped fiom the nnhtniy ot naval service by the Pres-
ident, lor that cause aligned, bv pioclamation ; but on
the application oi the officerhO icpoi ted and dropped, Mat-
ing a-ulFicient defense, under oath, against «*ueh ehaige
(luring the whole absence to the day of application, the
President shall convene a cmiri-maittal and try him on that
charge; and if il acquit him, he ?-hall, on- approval ot the
sentence, stand reinstated; and if the sentence be disap-
proved for a legal cau^e, anothei court shall he ordered tor
Ins tual, by the oidei d^appiovntg the lormei finding:
Jiixd pondedjxathcr, That Hie l'i evident may *iHpeud any
ofiicei in the mihtaiy or naval service, without pay or emol-
uments, in tune of war or active hostilities, who shall be
repotted by Ins commanding oftieei 01 the tfeeretaiy of
War tor any Hagiant offence, tot which,under the Aiticles
ot War, di-imssion or death a legal punishment, and. lit
the opinion ot the L'rcsideni, ought to be so [mmshed; but
the oidct of suspension {-hall t-peeify the charges and con-
vene a court-mat tial for the trial of the officer thereon,
withm ten dajs trom the date, of the suspension; and if
the court shall not a&siini diMiii'-Mon ot deatii a^ the pun-
ishment, the oflicer shall stand restored to his rank, pay,
and emoluments from the date of the suspension, subject
to the sentence of the com t-maiual: Jlnd provided further,
That section seventeen ol an act entitled '' An act to tie
fine the pay ami emoluments of certain offieeis of the
Atmv, and ioi other purposes," approved July 17,1862, be,
and the same isheieby, tepe.iled.
Mr. STEVENS. I >ise to a question of order.
This bill is one making; appropriations for the
supportof the Army. The amendment is anew
measure for regulating certain things in reference
to Ihe Army,and oughtto come properly from the
Military Committee. 1 believe a did come from
that committee Jest session.
Mr. GARFIELD. The amendment is one
regulating; the use of the money appropriated.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes; a good deal more
than regulating that.
Mr. WASUBUUNE, of Illinois. I agree with
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means in reference to tins question of order as
an original question; but the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union has twice de-
cided recently on similar provisos that they were
in ouler. The committee that considered the
naval appropiiation bill overruled the decision
of the Chair ruling such a proviso out of order.
1 thought the decision of the Chair was right
then, and the decision of the committee wrong.
I think so still. Now, I shall go with rny fiieiid
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in ruling out
this amendment, and endeavoring, if possible, to
keep the rules of the. House unimpaired. We
really have not many rules now; hut the whim
of the House appeals to be the only rule.
Mr. STEVENS. We may have been wrong
then; but we will correct our action now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We had
better. .
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Choir
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the Choir if theamend-
ment would be in order to any bill.
Tho CHAIRMAN. It will he in order, but
not to an appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 withdraw theamendment,
but I am very anxious to get it in somewhere.
Mr. CHAJNLER. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " duty," in line' one hun-i
dred and eleven, the following words :
Provided, That their commands are actually serving in
the field, ami the rolls of their companies show to be
actually up to the minimum standard fixed by law.
I will state my reason for offering* this amendr
ment. I have learned from a reliable source that
of the eleven regiments organized under the law
of 1861, nine of which were infantry regiments,
one cavalry, and one artillery, upon the French
standard of twenty-four hundred men, there are
actually very few in the field at this time. Very
few.of those regiments now have their minimum
standard of rank and file. Yet the officers of those
regiments are receiving full pay. Many of them
have easy places away from the field of battle. At
this time the Army is in wantof soldiers,and the
President lias issued his call for three hundred
thousand men. I propose by this amendment to
offer to the officers having charge of those regi-
ments a reasonable and honorable stimulant to
fill up their quotas, so that the President of the
United States will not be obliged, in violation of
those feelings of humanity which control him in
all his actions, to call for another draft, without
having any fixed and regular basis for the quotas
to be furnished by the respective States and dis-
tricts. While the people are constantly being
called upon to send forward men, many officers
who are receiving full pay are actually almost
without commands. *
I offer my amendment in the sincere spirit of
reform and for the benefit of the Army, and to
prevent the onerous and fearful consequences of
the draft. If gentlemen of the Committee on
Military Affairs would condescend to explain
facts within their knowledge, or if members of
the House would allow such proper inquiries to
be made of the War Department as would bring
the facts correctly before us, I believe that all I
have said would be substantiated. Yesterday,
when I endeavored to secure from this House
permission to present a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of War to state the basis upon
which the quotas have been assigned to the re-
spective States and districts, 1 was cut off by an
objection, without reason and without argume nt.
1 believe that this is a question of the most vital
importance. I believe that the adoption of such
a resolution is due to the people of the country,
due to the dignity of this House, due in consid-
eration of the spirit which actuates the President
himself; and I believe that it is due to the Secre-
tary of War, that he may explain to the whole
country whyhe has kept usso continually in the
daik with regard to a matter which has been con-
suming the blood of the country, without sys-
tem, law, or reason, exhibited to the people who
are the sufferers.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that we have already laws in regard to the sub-
ject embraced in tins amendment. 1 think that
we have not sufficient understanding of this mat-
ter to justify us in adopting the amendment of the
gentleman from New Yoik.
Mr. CHANLIiR. Let me explain to the gen-
tleman. Thete aie officers whose commands num-
ber far below the standard fixed by law, officers '
whose regiments are mere skeletons without soul
or body." The object of the amendment is to in-
duce such officers to raise the number of their
commands to the proper quota.
Mr. STEVENS. The effect of this amend-
ment, as I understand it, would be that if an offi-
cer's regiment were nut quite full, although very
nearly, he would get no pay; an officer not act-
ually in the fh Id, engaged, for instance, here at
the capital, would receive no pay. Ihe motive
of the genileman from New Yoik in offenng this
amendment may be very propel ; but it stukes
me that the gentleman can best accomplish bis
object when we come to consider the amendments
to the enrollment act.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, I offer the fol-
lowing, to come in as a proviso to tho bill:
Piovirted, That no mutiny appiopriated by this act phall
lie paid lor tile pu;po-;e of paying any railway company lor
Ihe n .inv[nm t .il 10n ot' piom'itvor troops of the C/iuei tl Unites
I wlieir-lull   mm iniu Imvc .irci'pied a !>>.ml "1 l.iwU
I fiom I'on'.;u's^upon condition ol liline-bloll "-ant tiaa-pos-
1 t.uion (lee of toll or otin'i ch.irge, except in such clues as
j have been modified by act of Congress.
I Mr. Chairman, tho subject of this proviso haa
