m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
been before the House several times during the'
Thirty-Seventff and Thirty-Eighth Congresses.
During the Thirty-Seventh Congress the House
directed the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
whether any of the railroad companies whose rail-
roads have been constructed in whole or in part
by donations of land from the United States, ac-
cepted such donations on the condition that the
troops and munitions of war of the United States
should be transported over such roads free of
charge; and if so, what railroad companies have
received donations of land on the considerations
aforesaid; and whether such acceptance of lands
so donated conferred upon the United States the
unqualified right to the free transportation of
troops and munitions of war over such roads by
the companies owning the same; and, if not, the
character of the limitations on such right. That
subject was fully considered by the Committee on
the Judiciary during the second session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, and it made an elabor-
ate report through Mr. Porter, a member of that
committee, and that report concluded with the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Resolved, That the several railroad companies which
have received from States grants of public land*, made to
such States by acts of Congress, for the purpose of aiding
in the ccmstiuction of the loads of .such companies respect-
ively, are required to transpoit the property and troopa of
the United States over their roads free ol toll or other charge
Whatsoever."
That was the conclusion of the committee, and
that resolution was adopted by the House. Sub-
sequently the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] introduced a resolution, which was also
adopted, that the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the House whether any payments have
been made to either of the following-named rail-
road companies, the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany, the Burlington and Missouri River Rail-
road Company, or the Mississippi and Missouri
Railroad Company, for transporting property or
troops of the United States since the 25th day of
February, 1862, and if any such payments have
been made, the amount paid to each company;
and also the amount paid to each of said compa-
nies prior to the above date, and the basis on winch
eaid payments have been made; and that he also
inform the House what claim, if any, the said
companies, or cither of them, have against the
Government for the transpoitation of properly or
troops, and which are still unpaid.
In answer to that resolution the Secretary of
War sent a communication to the House, under
date of March 2," 1864, in which he gives a state-
ment of the several amounts paid to the various
railroad companies mentioned in the resolution as
having received grants from the United States on
the condition that tioops and property of the Uni-
ted States should be transported free of charge.
Theamount stated in the answer of the Secretary
of War is as follows:
Amount paid Illinois Central liailroad Com-
pany  $307, S09 50
Amount paid lUirhngton and Mfosoml Uiver
ltajlroad Company..*  3,453 8.">
Amount paid Mississippi and Mi^outi Kaii-
i odd Company     40 6fi
.Total   $;m,:so4 oi
After that letter was received, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] introduced a series
of resolutions that the several railroad compa-
nies which have received from States grants of
public lands, made to such States by acts of Con-
gress, for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of the roads of Kuch^compames, respect-
ively, are required to transport the property and
troops of the United States over their roads free
of tolls or other charges whatsoever; that this
House approves and reaffirms said resolution;
that the Secretary of War be directed to require
the .said companies to repay to the Treasury of
the United States the sums of money so paid to
them respectively as aforesaid, and to decline to
make any further payments to said companies
for any tiansportation hereafter or heretofore
required of said companies by the War Depart-
ment; and that a copy of the preamble and reso-
lutions be transmitted by the Clerk of this House
to the Secretary of War.
There the case rested, so far as the action of this
House was concerned, at the adjournment of the
first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress. Since
that time it appears that other attempts have been
made, and a resolution was introduced by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] calling for
information on the subject, and the Secretary of
War sends in answer to that resolution the fol-
lowing:
War Department,
Washington City, January 27, 1865.
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 16th instant, inquiring whether or not any
payments have been made to the Illinois Cen-tral railroad
since the passage of the House resolution of the last ses-
sion of Congress, and If so, how much, and by what author-
ity, I have the honor to state, fir?.t, that payments have been
made to the Illinois Central railroad since the passage of
the resolution referred to ; second, that said payments, as
repoited by the Quartermaster General, amount to the sum
of $55*2,597 40 ; third, that they have been made by author-
ity of the President of the United States.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
.EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Now, sir, the amendment I have proposed is
for the purpose of preventing any money appro-
priated by this bill being used for the purpose of
paying those companies when they have received
already an equivalent for these services. The law
requires them to transport free of charge. They
accepted upon thatexpress condition, as is shown
by the debates which occurred on the bill making
the grant to the Illinois Central railroad when it
was pending in Congress. I will read an extract
from the report:
"The committee have no doubt that these several acts
render it incumbent upon the companies, respectively,
which accepted the grant* ot public land*, themselves to
transport ovortheir loads,to the full extent oi their ability
and means of carriage, the property and troops of the Gov-
ernment fice of loll or other churge whatsoever. The same
ingenious refinement which could limit the right of the
Government to the tiansportation ot' its pioperty and troopa
to a mere Iree right of pa-sage over the road, with meant*
ol transportation to bo furnished by itself, could restrict
the light of the Government to have the United States
mail tiansported on these toads at such price as Congress
might dnect, to case* where the (Government itself fur-
nished all the means of traiwpoitation. In neither instance
is it in meie wouls expressed by whom such means shall
be piovidcd.
'k The act of September 20, 1850, granting land* to Illi-
nois, is understood to have been fiamed by Mr. Douglas,
who inliodueed the ntea*uie into Congie^s. On the aiHh
of A pill, iy.)0, when 'the lull was* mulct con&idcration in the
Senate, Mi Hiadlmiy moved an amendment, io limit the
giants of landvs to the alternate neeuons, within six miles of
the road, not already .-old. Mi. l)ougia>, alter remarking
that if the amendments should pavs, he did not know
whether he should vote for the bill, and that lie should
hardly legard it as worth contending lor, said, 'It [the
land] is granted on condition that w« make and complete
a railroad the whole length of the route, and put it in oper-
ation within a period ot ten yeats; and on the further con-
dition that we uunsport over it the Government tioops and
Government propetty of eveiy kind free j and further, that
the mails shall be carried at such pi ice as Congress shall
presctibe.' Mr. Dayton, of New Jeisey, who opposed the
bill, did not venture to question this interpretation, but re-
plied, ' But wlyu is tbi-5 tiling? The compulsory convey-
ance of tioop  and munition?* ot wat. What will that amount
to ? Complicity to (Mi ry the United State* mail for a sum
which the Government oi the United State*.shall piesciibo!
The United Slate* will pay a fair puce loi it. Uvery man
knows that the Govei nment will not act mctmly and nig-
gaidly, and the only good contained in the provision is to
pieveut any act of extortion from the Government.' "
It will be seen from the position taken by Mr.
Douglas, when he was asking Congress to pass
that act conferring on that railroad company this
immense, this magnificent grant of lands, that he
asked it upon the express condition,agreed to by
the company, that it should be received as com-
pensation to the company for such transportation
as it might furnish the Government for troops
and property belonging to the Government.
Hut, sir,thccompanies by some means, I know
not what, have induced first the Secretary of War
to override this law, and when his act was met
by a resolution of this House, then they induced
the President of the United States to override it;
and they were paid an additional sum amounting
to almost double that which had been paid when
the House first took action upon the matter. I
insist that our appropriation bills shall be so
guarded that neither the Secretary of War, nor
the President, nor any other officer of the Gov-
ernment, shall appropriate money to uses which
are prohibited bylaw; and nothing more and noth-
ing less can be said of these payment made to the
several railroad companies mentioned in this bill.
The law forbids it; the action of the House forbids
it; several resolutions of the House declare that
such payments shall not be made; and yet, in vio-
lation of all this, and of the express understand-
ing between the Government and the company at
the time, money is appropriated to pay for ser-
vices which have already been paid for. I there-
fore hope this committee will place this amend-
mentupon the bill in order that no more payments
of this kind shall be made!
Mr. BROOKS. I will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that 1 have no doubt that technically
his construction of the law incorporating the
Illinois Central railroad is right; but as a mem-
ber of Congress at the time the act was passed,
and hearing the discussion upon the subject, I
had no idea that Congress ever contemplated a
civil war, and that the transportation of the mu-
nitions of war mentioned and intended in that
bill were intended as connected with foreign wars.
Civil war was never contemplated; and the im-
mense amount of work the Illinois Central rail-
road has been compelled to do was never con-
templated.
Mr. WASHgURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman state how much the stock of the Illi-
nois Central railroad has been enhanced since the
war commenced ?
Mr. BROOKS. I think I have seen it quoted
at one hundred and eight or one hundred and
nine. *
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was eighty
when the war commenced.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that the point which he makes
is not the one made by the company They ac-
knowledge that the condition requires them to
furnish the road over which this transportation
might be made, but that they are not required to
furnish the rolling stock for such transportation.
They acknowledge that the limitation extends to
this war as well as to all others.
Mr. HUBBARD, of iowa. I would inquire of
my colleague if he knows what amount the Illi-
nois Central Railroad Company has received from
the sale of lands granted by Congress, and what
they estimate the remaining lands to be worth.
Mr. WILSON". I do not know. I am in-
formed by a gentleman from Illinois that it
amounts to $20,000,000.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of Iowa. The company have
already sold lands amounting to from twelve to
fifteen million dollars, and the unsold lands are
estimated to be worth trom twelve to fifteen mil-
lion more; making from twenty-five to thirty mil-
lion dollars that will be derived from that grant-
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to ask my friend
from Iowa what those lands were worth before
the company built their road and increased their
value.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. That is not the
question I am discussing. I am speaking of the
amount of money that railroad company have re-
ceived from that grant.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That is not the question
the gentleman ought to discuss. Is further debate
on this amendment in onlei ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 am not willing to sit
quietly by and see this amendment adopted. I
think the reasoning of the gentlemen on the other
side, who urge this amendment, is most unfair
and most unreasonable. I presume that at the
time this company accepted their charter, with
this provision in it, no man in this broad land
contemplated the state of things we have wit-
nessed during the last three years. No company
on earth would have accepted such a charter in
view of what has been transpiring for four years
past. It is a fact that the Government has been
employing the Illinois Central Railroad Company
for the transportation of troops and munitions of
war, and have been paying them something for
it, under a contract made with the company; but
it is a fact which gentlemen cannot dispute, that
within the last year that company has been doing
that business for the Government at a loss of
$240,000 over and above theiractual outlay. They
have been as fair as gentlemen could require them
to be, for they have kept faith with the Govern-
ment.
My colleague [Mr. Washburnf.] asked the
question a while ago, how much the value of the
stock of that company had advanced during the
war. I answer him that the stock of that com-
pany is not worth as much to day as it was be-
fore the war broke out. Recently, in view of the
diminished value of our currency, it is quoted at
higher figures than it was formerly. But it is not
