uu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ments made to the rules at the present Congress,) That
John M. Barclay be authorized to furnish a new edition of
his Digest for the use of the House of Representatives at
the next Congress, to embrace such amendments, and de-
cisions* of questions of order, &c., to the close of the pres-
ent Congress; the same to Ue furnished in the same man-
and on the same terms as heretofore; and that the sur-
plus copics of said Digest, Rules, and Manual now on hand
in the Clerk's office be furnished to members of the pres.
«nt House for distribution.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN P. BROWN.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, submitted a re-
port in the case of John P. Brown; which was
lai4 on the table, and ordered to be printed.
DISPOSAL OP COAL LANDS, ETC.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to take from the Speak-
er's table Senate bill No. 380, supplemental to an
act approved July 1,1864, for the disposal of coal
lands and of town property on the public do-
main.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Would it be in
order to move that we dispose of the balance of
the public lands } If it would I think that gen-
tleman should make that motion.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. At the rate
at which we have been proceeding, i do not think
there will, after this session, be any public lands
left to dispose of.
Mr. COX. I am opposed to the bill, and should
like to give some reasons why it should not pass.
Mr. HIGBY moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HiGBY demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. COLE, of California, I ask to offer an
amendment. The bill ought not to pass in its
presentform. I wish to amend by excluding San
Francisco from the operation of the bill.
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. COLE, of California. Under the bill as
it now is a single person may claim a hundred
or a thousand acres in a town or city and hold it
if he has so much in possession. I protestagainst
the bill as it is, and nope the previous question
will not be sustained.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved that the bill
be laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 31,
noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. HIGBY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of
New York, and Higby, were appointed.
Mr. SHANNON. The Commissionerof Pub-
lic Lands is in favor of this bill, and so is the
Committee nn Public Lands.
Mr. COLE, of California. If he has made such
recommendation where is it? Let it be read.
The House was again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes'60.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLE, of California, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 60,
noes 34.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WORTH INGTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN P. BRUCE.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution which is concurred in
by the Committee of Elections. It is simply for
the purpose of correcting an error that occurred
last session.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows;
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives pay out of the eonttngentfund to John P. Bruce,con-
testant of the right of Benjamin F, Loam to a seat in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress from the seventh congressional dis-
trict of Missouri, the salary of a member of Congress,
without mileage, from the 4th of March, 1863, to the 7th of
December, 1863.
Mr/BALD WIN, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. It was supposed that this
was done last session; but it was not done. This
resolution was concurred in bjMhe Committee of
Elections after the matter was inquired into, and
it was considered as a matter of actual justice.
Mr. UPSON. So far as I know, the Com-
mittee of Elections have not concurred in the
resolution.
Mr. VOORHEES. It was concurred in by a
majority of the committee.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I object
to it.
Mr. VOORHEES. All I have to say is, that
I present it from the Committee of Elections, and
I call upon the chairman of the committee to sus-
tain me in what I have stated.
Mr. FRANK. This whole matter was settled
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The resolution is not for the purpose of
getting more money for the contestant than he
ought to have.
Mr. SeHENCK. The resolution, I under-
stand, is not before the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ? 1 do not want to be placed in the
attitude of reporting a resolution from the com-
mittee which does not emanate from them. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson] says he
does not concur in this resolution. That may be
so; yet it may be the act of the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. UPSON. I stated that so far as I knew
the Committee of Elections have not concurred
in that resolution. So far as I know, the com-
mittee have never acted upon it at all.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will state that
while I do not understand that there has been any
formal action of the committee, yet I do under-
stand that a majority of the committee have as-
sented to the resolution as reported, and upon
the ground that former Congresses have estab-
lished a precedent by which they have given not
only full pay, but have given persons contesting
seats compensation for their expenses in getting
up testimony.
Mr. UPSON. Does the gentleman understand
that the resolution has been considered in the
committee at all?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I donotunder-
stand that there was any formal meeting of the
committee on it, but that the individual members
assented to it.
Mr. UPSON. I heard a report that such was
the case, and I went around to the members of the
committee, and every one of them disavowed it.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is well known that I
have been absent almost the entire session, and
it is well known that it has been on account of
Sainful circumstances connected with my family.
Tow, I may be wrong in this matter, but I have
been informed upon what 1 considered reliable
testimony that a majority of the committee have
concurred in the correctness of this report. If
that is not so I am wrong. ) am not able, of
course, to make any point with the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Upson] based on my own
knowledge. I think the resolution does simple
justice, and simply what the House intended to
do last session. They intended to give this con-
testant the pay of a member of Congress, and no
mileage. They have gone heretofore so far as to
give a contestant the salary of a member and
mileage and the expenses incurred in contesting;
and I have numerous cases at hand showing that
fact. This proposition is to pay the salary while
contesting, and no mileage.
Mr. UPSON. I must raise a point of order.
There is no resolution before the House, and this
debate is not in order.
Mr. FRANK. If 1 understand this matter
this contestant received compensation at the rate
of §3,000 a year from the time the session Com-
menced until he left the House. Not only that,
but he received, I think,about a thousand dollars
mileage, the same as the members of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that at the last ses-
sion this matter was referred to the Committee of
Elections, under the rule, and when it came into
my hands the committee were called together for
the purpose of hearing the contestant within two
or three weeks after the matter was referred. I
do not recollect the exact date. But I was not
able to get a quorum of the committee, and the
gentleman proposed to present his claim to those
of the committee that were present, and he did
so. He did not satisfy those of the committee
present, and he asked the privilege of presenting
his claim to the other members of the committee
as best he could in the last days of the session.
What he did with the other members of the com-
mittee I do not know. I only know as to the
views of those who wexe present. He informed
me, after seeing the otner members of the com-
mittee, that he had the consent of a majority of
the committee to present it to the House.
Now, I will tell the House just what he claims.
When the contest was decided, the committee
introduced a resolution giving him his mileage
and the ordinary compensation from the com-
mencement of the session until the day the cass
was disposed of; and that he was allowed and
paid. He thinks that he ought to have compen-
sation from the 4th of March down to the begin-
ning of the session. For that time he received
no compensation. The resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections was the same as re-
ported by the committee on all other cases. His
claim is that he was put to a good deal of expense
in the contest, and that it is but right he should
have the compensation for the vacation that pre-
ceded. That is the claim which he presented to
the committee at this session.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I understand the prop-
osition, it is this: this gentleman, not having been
elected, wants his pay to relate back to the time
when he would have been elected if he had been.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. The resolution reported by
the committee was adopted,and he was paid his
mileage and compensation from the first of the
session to the day the case was decided.
Mr. UPSON. The chairman of the committee
says that 1 e was informed by the contestant that
a majority :f the committee assented to this res-
olution. 1 ask him if he was not subsequently
informed that the members of the committee
were seen, and that a majority of them disavowed
any such thing.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Michigan
informed me so afterward.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I was informed
that a majority of the committee had concurred.
Mr VOORHEES. In response to a sugges-
tion made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] I desire to say that I have numerous
precedents, extending over many years, which
justify this claim, where the House has uniformly
paid contestants in accordance with the principle
claimed here. I have precedent after precedent
where pay was made, with mileage, and even
where the House ha3 paid for the expenses of the
contestant. The House can do just as it deems
right about it, and I will be content. But as ob-
jection has been made, I will be constrained to
move the previous question, to test the question.
Mr. SMITHERS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether, at the hearing of the res-
olution to which he has referred, every member
of the committee who was present was not unan-
imous against the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I believe that is correct.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I wish to say
that I was there, and I never heard of that cir-
cumstance before.
Mr. VOORHEES. Do I understand the state-
ment of the gentleman fiom Massachusetts to be
that there was a majority of the committee against
the resolution >
Mr. DAWES. No, sir. I say we did not
get a quorum of the committee. The gentleman
presented his case to those who were there. The
gentleman from Delaware inquired what was the
conclusion of that minority. It was that they all
thought that the rule laid down last session was
a proper one.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, of course that is not
the action of the committee.
Mr. SMITHERS. There never was any other
action of the committee.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules, it was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
DISQUALIFICATION OF DESERTERS.
Mr. ALLISON asked leave to rpport from
the Committee on Public Lands a bill (H. R.
