1865.
fa® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 604), to prevent deserters and others therein
named from acquiring public lands under.the
preemption and homestead laws.
Mr. LE BLOND objected.
Mr. ALLISON moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof. . •
SAMUEL COLEMAN.
Mr. ODELL, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, repotted by unanimous consent a joint
resolution for the relief of Samuel Coleman, heir-
at-law of William Dean Coleman, deceased, which
was read a first and second time.
The question being oft its third reading,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 should
like to have an explanation of the joint resolution
from the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ODELL. Til's facts of the case are sim-
ply these. This man was in the service of the
United States but was not mustered in. He was
killed in the battle of Cgrinth. The Govern-
ment owes his father, a poor man living in my
district, about six hundred dollars. I have ex-
amined the case and have been at the War De-
partment in reference to it. It has the recom-
mendation of Generals Rosecrans and Stanley,
' on whose staff this officer was killed. /
The joint resolution was ordered to he pt>-
grossed and read a third time; and beingTen-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ODELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. DRIGGS.- I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Public Lands a bill (H. R. No.
702) in relation to preemption rights in Colorado
Territory.
Mr. MORRTS, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to suspend the rules
so as to enable the committee to report the bill
for action at this time. It proposes nothing but
the application of the preemption law to the Ter-
ritory of Colorado.  
The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was reported from the committee, or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time, and
being engrossed, it was read the third time and
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
STOCKBRIDGE, WISCONSIN.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the Senate amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 558) to authorize the
issuing of patents for certain lands in the town of
Stockbridge, Wisconsin, and for other purposes.
There was no objection.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 move that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL POUCHES.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 121) to purchase mail
pouches and boxes, of Marshall Smith's patent,
for the postal servicc, and for other purposes.
This is for the purpose of allowing the Post-
master General to use an invention of Mr. Smith,
boxes and pouches, in place of the old leathern
bags, for carrying the mail. By using this in-
vention, postmasters and post agents will be en-
abled to assort the letters and have them ready
for delivery earlier at the stations where they are
to be delivered. It has been recommended by the
Post Office Committee of the Sen&te and by the
Post Office Committee of the House. I think it
can meet with no objection.
No objection was made.'
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, ordered to a third reading, and it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
REMISSION OF FEES AND FINES.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That all fines and fees imposed by the House
on members for being absent without leave during the
recent call of the House be, and the same are hereby, re-
mitted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon a bill (H. R.
No. 600) for the better organization of the sub-
sistence department.
I will, with the leave of the House, explain this
subject. This bill is for the reorganization of
the subsistence department. It provides thatcom-
missaries of subsistence shall have increased rank
temporarily, as their responsibility is increased ■
by being assigned to duty at principal depots, to
armies in the field, military departments and di-
visions. The matter of dispute between the two
Houses was this: the bill as passed by the House
provided that these assignments should be made
only from commissaries of the volunteer forces.
The Senate amended the bill so as to require that
two thirds of them only should be taken from the
volunteers. There are twenty-nine officers in the
regular subsistence department, those who are
considered attached to the regular Army, while
there are five hundred and fourteen officers of sub-
sistence among the volunteers.
The question has been compromised by the
committee of conference, so that the assignment
shall be made in proportion to the numbers re-
spectively in service in each force. This will
give the increased rank to the volunteers in the
proportion of about seventeen to one in the reg-
ular subsistence department. To this compromise.'
we ask the House to agree, as the Senate has
already done.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Has there been any
amendment made to this bill in which both Houses
have concurred
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. There was an
amendment made by the Senate to which the
House disagreed, and upon which the Senate in-
sisted. The House insisted upon its disagreement
to the Senate amendment and asked for a com-
mittee of conference, to which the Senate agreed.
The proviso to which I have referred was the only
subject considered by the committee ofconference.
1 move the adoption of the report, and call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of con-
ference was adopted.
ENROLLMENT OP NATIONAL FORCES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the Committee
on Military Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (S. No. 408) entitled
"An act in addition to the several acts for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," and that the bill be laid on the table.
The House has already acted upon another bill
on this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr.^CHENCK. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred Senate amendment
to joint resolution H. R. No. 139, giving a vote
of thanks to Major General Thomas, have directed
me to report it back with a recommendation that
the House do not agree to that amendment.
The amendment of theSenate was not agreed to.
DEBORAH JONES.
Mr. KERNAN. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case of
Deborah Jones, that they may be sent to ihieSes-
sion Office. • .
Leave was granted. t - . •
REPORT ON FLAX AND HEMP. • f
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee 'on
Printing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to: -
Resolved, That thirty thousand extra copies of the report
of the commission on flax and hemp be printed for the uso
of the members of this House, and five thousand copie 
for the use of the Department of Agriculture.
AMENDATORY INTERNAL REVENUE ACT. , -
Mr. A. W. CLARK also reported from the
Committee on Printing the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, twenty thousand copies of the act amending
the internal revenue laws, including an index, be printed
as amended, with all the amendments incoiporated into
tile text, so far as practicable, and with the new sectional
thereto annexed, with an index and marginal notes.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1863.
Mr. A. W. CLARK also reported from the
Committee on Printing the following resolution:
Resolved, Thai there be printed, for the use of the De-
partment of Agriculture, five thousand extra copies of til*
Agricultural Report for 1863.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, What need-
is there for printing these five thousand extra
copies?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. The Commissioner of *
Agriculture, at this early day, finds himself en-
tirely without any of these reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So do we.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. The Commissioner of
Agriculture asks for this extra number that ho
may supply the correspondents who are con-
stantly calling upon him for copies of this docu-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois1.' I move to'
amend the resolution by striking out the words
"Department of Agriculture," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words" members of this House;"
so that the clause will read, "forthe use of the.
members of this House."
Mr. A. W. CLARK. If that amendment
should be made, I trust that the resolution will be
rejected, because a sufficient number of copies are
already provided for the members of this House.'
, The amendment was not agreed to.
The resolution Was adopted."
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the;
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb,one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
insisted on their disagreement to the amendment
of the House to the first amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 683) entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1866."
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on joint resolu-
tion S. No. 389, directing inquiry into the con-
dition of the Indian tribes, and their treatment
by the civil and military authorities.
VIRGINIA MILITARY DISTRICT OF OHIO.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on Public Lands,
House bill No. 812, which has been recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, entitled "An act allowing the furthertime
of five years to those holding lands by entries in
the Virginia military district of Ohio, which were
made prior to the 1st of January, 1852, to have
the same surveyed and patented." I move that
it be now considered.
There was no objection,and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and, being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
D. FITZGERALD AND J. BALL...
Mr.JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Patents a bill (S.
