1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon the motion of Mr.
Morrill that the House recede from its disagree-
ment with the Senate.
On the question there were, on a division-
ayes 54, noes 41.
# Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas.63, nays 47, not voting 72;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Bliss Bout-
well, Brooks, Broomali, Chanier, Ambrose W. Clark,
CoftVoth, Cole, Cox, Cravens,Creswell,ThomasT. Davis,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Garfield, Grinnell,
Griswold, Higby, Jngersoli, William Johnson, Kass-on, Kel-
ley, Francis YV. Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp,Le Blond, Little-
John, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McAllister, McKinney, Mor-
rill, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noble, Odell, Pendleton,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, William H. Randall, ltoss, Schenck,
fteott, John B.Steele. Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Townscnd,
Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Chiiton A.
White, Windom, and Woodhndge—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Beaman, Boyd, James
S. Brown, Cobb, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Fnick, Frank, Ganson, Gooch, Hale,
Hohnan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II, Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Marvjn, McBride,Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, Scofield, Sloan, Smithers, Stevens,
Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washbume,
Williams, Wilson, and Worthington—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Baily, Baxter, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Brandegee,Wil-
liam G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Dawson, Dealing,
Domsim, Donnelly, Dumont, English, Grider, Hall, Hard-
ing, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris,
Herrick, Hooper, Iliitchins, Philip Johnson, Juhari, Kalb-
fleiseh, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knox, Law, Lazear, Loan,
Longyear, McClurg, McDowell, Mclndoe, Middleton, Wil-
liam H. Miller, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Perham, Perry, Pike, Radford, John H. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Shannon,
Smith, Spalding. Starr, William G. Steele, Sweat, Thomas,
Tracy, YVadsworth, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Joseph W.
White, Wilder, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—72.
So the House receded from its disagreement.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House receded from its dis-
agreement; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that we take a "re-
cess until nine o'clock. There seems to be no
likelihood of anything coming from the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope not. I hope that we
will have no recess. It is now broad daylight.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Is the ques-
tion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The motion was disagreed to.
LOCAL STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
The SPEAKER. The next business on the
Speaker's table is House bill No. 667, to pro-
vide- for two assistant local inspectors of steam-
boats in the city of New York, and for two local
inspectors at Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish
the board of local inspectors at Wheeling; and
also to amend the act approved June 8, 1864, en-
titled "An act to create an additional inspector
of steamboats and two local inspectors of steam-
boats for collection districts of Memphis and Ore-
gon, and for other purposes," with Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote last taken; and also moved tha£
the motion to reconsider be laid on the talkie..
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISQUALIFICATION OF COLOR.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 62, to remove all disqualification
of color in carrying the mails.
The SPEAKER stated that a call for the pre-
vious question was pending on the third reading:
of the bill. 5
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. EDEN demanded yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 65, not voting 87; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bliss, James S. Brown, Chan-
ier, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Finck, Knapp, Knox,Le Blond, Long, Marcy, Middleton,
James R. Morris, Noble, John O'Neill,Price, Pruyn, Sam-
uel J. Randall, William H.Randall, Ross, Scott, Stiles,
Strouse, Townsend, and Chilton A. White—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
John D. Baldwin,Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boutweil, Boyd,
Broomai! Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell, Griswold, Higby,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hurlburd, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Kelloy, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, Mc-
Bride, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Norton, Charles O'Neill. Orth. Patterson, Perham, Pome-
roy, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Schenck, Scoficld,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Thayer, Upson, Van Valken-
burgh, Elihu B. Washbume, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Worthington—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William 3.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blaine,
Blair, Brandegee, Brooks, William G. Brown, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Deming, Deni-
son, Donnellv, Driggs, Dumont, English, Ganson, Grider,
Hale, Hall, "Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Charles M. Harri?, llerrick, Ilolman, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalb-
fleisch, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kernan, King, Law, Lazear, Loan, Mallory, McAllister,
McDowell, Mclndoe, McKinney, William H. Miller, Dan-
iel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nel-
son, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Radford, Robinson,
Rogers, Edward H. Rollins James S.Rollins, Smith Spal-
ding, Stair, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Voorhees,' Wadsworth,
Ward, Wiiliam B. Washbume, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Joseph VV. White, Winfield, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—87.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bili was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 558) to authorize the issuing of patents for
certain lands in the town of Stockbridge, State of
Wisconsin, and for other purposes; and an act
(H. R. No. 710) to"^xtend the time for the com-
pletion of certain railroads to which land grants
have been made in the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin; when the Speaker signed the same.
COLORED PERSONS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which was referred the letter of
the Secretary of War in inference to colored peo-
ple going from the District without passes, re-
ported that the committee had had the subject
under consideration, and had recommended the
adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the order
of the major general commanding the departmentof Wash-
ington and the twenty-second Army corp=, issued on the
12th day of July, 1864, directing that no colored man should
be allowed to leave Washington city,going North, without
a pass, is a regulation which makes an odious discrimina-
tion, in conflict with the law of the United States, which
has declared freealikeallcitizensand residents of the Dis-
trictofColumbia; and that the President is hereby requested
to direct said military order to be at once revoked.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of having
time for reflection on this subject 1 move that the
House take a recess till nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Speaker,
at the closing period of the session, to advise the
House as to the condition of public bills neces-
sary to carry on the Government. There are two
important bills yet to be acted on.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion, and it was rejected.
Mr. MORRIS, ofOhio. I suggest that the word
u odious" in the resolution should read " odor-
ous." [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, I suggest
that the words *i or come to" be added to the res-
olution so that it will read " no colored man shall
be allowed to leave or come to Washington city."
Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. VOORHEES^ I would like to inquire
whether it is not true that every member of this
House has had issued to him a pass by the mili-
tary commander of this department to go through
the defenses of Washington.
Mr. COX. We are white men. [Laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I know that 1 have such
a pass. Part of the defenses of Washington lie
between here and Baltimore, and we cannot go
through them without having military passes,
•mlr. UPSON. No man is required to show a
pass to go uwBaltimore.
Mr. VOORHEES. Part of the defenses of
Washington lie between this city and Baltimore.
Mr. UPSON. I ask the gentleman if he has
been ever required to show a pass going on the
railroad ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will answer that ques- „
tion.
Mr. UPSON. A military pass going from
Washington to Baltimore?
Several Members. Railroad passes.
Mr. ASHLEY. The imputation which my
friend from Indiana casts on colored men 
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 cast no imputation on
them. I want to see whether we are on an equal-
ity with them. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman had better
consult his clergyman if he has any doubt about it.
The question being on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Orth and Stiles.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 23, noes 69.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question being on the adoption of the res-
olution, ^
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 24, not voting 83;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyd, Broomali, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Driggs,
Eckley, Efiot, Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Hale, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, Mc-
Bnde, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead. Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers. Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike,Pomeroy, Price,Alexander
H.Rice, John H. Rice, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Smith-
ers, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Elihu B. Washbume, William
B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Worthington—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona,Augustus C. Baldwin, Coffroth,
Cox, Cravens, Eden, Eldridge, Knapp, McKinney, James
R. Morris, Morrison, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles. Strouse,
Townsend, Voorhees, Whaley, and Wheeler—24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Alien, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Blaine, Blair, Brandegee, Brooks,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanier, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Deruson, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Edgerton, English, Finck, Ganson, Grider,
Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, ChaiiesM.
Harris, Herrick, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hutchins,
Jenckes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalb-
fleisch, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King, Knox, Law, La-
zear, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell,
Mclndoe, Middleton, William H. Miller, Leonard Myers,
Nelson, Noble, Perry, Radford, William H. Randall, Rob-
inson, Rogers, Edward H.Rollins, James S.Rollins, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, William G.Steele, Stevens, Stuart,
Sweat, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Ward,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—83.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCKENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb,one
of their clerks, announced to the House that the
Senate insist upon its amendments disagreed to
by the House, and agree to the committee of
conference asked for by the House on the bill
(H,R%No.667) to provide for two assistant local
inspectors of steamboats in the city of New York,
and for two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois,
and to reestablish the board of local inspectors at
Wheeling; and also to amend the act approved
June 8, 1864, entitled "An act to create an addi-
tional inspector of steamboats and two local in-
spectors of steamboats for collection districts of
Memphis and Oregon, and for other purposes;"
and had appointed Messrs. Grimes, Chandler,
and Morrill, as such committee on the*part of
the Senate.
Also, that the Senate, insist upon its amend-
