1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
and resumed the consideration of the Army ap-
propriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House all
debate on the bill is closed in one minute. The
pending question is on the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Upon that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. J. C. Allen and
Mr. Wilson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union had,according to order,
had under, consideration the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. 683) malting appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
30th June, 18C6, and had directed him to report
the same to the House with an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question was on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as follows:
Proiided, That no money appropriated by tills act*shall
be used foi the purpose ot'paying any railroad company for
the transportation of property oi troops of the United Slates
when such company may have accepted a grant of lands
from Congress upon condition of furnishing said transpor-
tation free of toll or other charge, except in such cases as
have been modified by act of Congress.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Upon the adoption of
that amendment I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
v read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to amend an actentitled
'■An act *o encourage immigration," approved
July 4, 1864, and an act entitled "An act to reg-
ulate the carriage cf passengers in steamshipsand
other vessels," approved March 3,1855, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the special committee
on immigration.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to move that when
this House adjourns it adjourn to meet at seven
o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
question, and can only be made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEVENS. My object is to have an
evening session for debate alone on the Presi-
dent's message. Several gentlemen wish to make
speeches, and this is the last opportunity they
will have.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it understood that no
business is to be transacted?
Mr. STEVENS. Such is to be the under-
standing.
By unanimous consent, the motion was agreed
to.
MILITARY AND POSTAL ROADS.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
troduced a bill to declare certain roads military
and postal roads; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
PRINTING THE TAX BILL.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, repotted the followingresolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
liesolveil, Tii'it there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of' this IIou.<e fifteen hundred copied of the amenda-
tory internal revenue bill, reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means on the 6tU instant.
PENNSYLVANIA WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. STROUSEi by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Pennsylvania, relative to the repay-
ment by the United States of certain moneys ad-
vanced by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
to pay the volunteer militia of 1863; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
STEAMER VANDERBILT.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the amount of money paid by the
Government to the owner ot the steamer Vanderbilt for
the use of said steamer previous to the presentation of the
same to the Government, on what terms the same has been
paid, and for how long a period of seivice.
Mr. DAWES moved that the vote-by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA WAR CLAIMS—AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution of the Pennsylvania Legislature
relative to the repayment by the United States of
certain moneys advanced by the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania to pay the voiunteer militia of
1863 was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I desire to have it referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. THAYER. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. STEVENS. It might as well be laid on
the table. A bill passed the House last session
covering these claims, and it is now in the Senate.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
consider; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the joint reso-
lution be laid on the table, and printed.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
PAY 05 A CONTESTANT.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution for
reference to the Committee on Elections:
Resolved, That there lie pnitt out of the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives to Hugh M. Martin the
usual pay and mileage up to the day when lie withdrew
Jus contest beloie the Committee on Elections us u con-
testant fur :i seat in the Thn t.v-I£i«hth Congress ltepie-
sentative from the fourth dutiici in the State of Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. NOBLE. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection, and allow the resolution
to be referred to the Committe on Elections.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I cannot do it.
. RETALIATION.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table joint
resolution of the Senate No. 97, advising retali-
ation for the cruel treatment of prisoners by the
insuigents, for the purpose of having it referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
its being taken up to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, because if it gets there
the Lord only knows when they will be able to
report it back, and 1 hope that when it is taken
up it will be put upon its passage.
BRIDGE OVEIt THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill relating to the
railroad bridge across the Mississippi river from
Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, to Daven-
port, in the State of Iowa, to establish and de-
clare the same a post route.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall have
to object to that.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr.ANCONA. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be directed
to inquire into the expediency of reducingthe rate of mile-
age to ten cents per mile, with a view to equalizing the
compensation of members; and that they t>e directed to
reportby hill or otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the^consideration of the enrollment bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Iappeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to allow me to offer a
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will waive my motion for
that purpose.
CLAIMS FOR ARMY SUPPLIES.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so
much of the act passed July 4,1436-1, as allows tile hearts
of tiie Quartermaster's and Subsistence Departments to
audit and allow claims for stores furnished to the Army of
the Uuited.Sutes not receipted for by the officer receiving
the same, and which are substantiated only by ex parte affi-
davits, and tiiat the Committee be further instructed to in-
quire into tile expediency of so amending the said actus
to restore the jurisdiction of the Oouit of Claims in said
cases, witli leave to report by bill or otherwise.
ENROLLMENT LAW.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the-bill amend-
ing the enrollment law was made the special order
for last Thursday. It has been crowded out of
its place again and again, and now the draft ia
nearly approaching. 1 ask the gentleman from
Indiana, before pressing his motion to adjourn,
to permit that special order to be taken up so that
we shall know that it will come up regularly.
The SPEAKER. The bill is alieady before
the House.
Mr. DAWES. Mr.Speaker, what has become
of the special order that preceded the enrollment
bill ?
The SPEAKER. It was understood that the
reconstruction bill was laid aside temporarily.
Mr. DAWES. I did not so undeistand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
the reconstruction bill can be passed over tem-
porarily, as the gentleman from Ohio first sug-
gested, it will not lose its priority. The enroll-
ment bill will come up, and as soon as that ia
disposed of the reconstruction bill will come up.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to inquire
what effect that will have on the other matteis set
aside for the latter days of this week.
The SPEAKER. These are the only two
special orders in the House. The others are post-
ponements.
Mr. PENDLETON. The tax bill is made a
special order after to-morrow evening. When
will the bill in reference to Cabinet ministers m
Congress come up?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 will object to postpone-
ing the reconstruction bill unless it be postponed
to a day later than the bill for admitting Cabinet
ministers to the floor.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair as to the bill for territorial
buildings.
The SPEAKER. That is a postponement ac-
cording to the Journal—not a special order.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It was a special order
before, and was postponed as a special older.
The SPEAKER. Then there are several spe-
cial orders. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pen-
dleton] says he will object to the reconstruction
bill being postponed, unless it be postponed until
a day later than the bill for the admission of Cab-
inet ministers.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot consent.
The SPEAKER. Then the reconstruction bill
will be the special order at the meeting when the
House resumes that class of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now take a recess until seven
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when the House resumes its session at seven
o'clock, it will be in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the "Union on the President's annual
message. The Chair requests that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] will take the chair,
