THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOBE.
March 3,
the rebellion, We must not only be just to the gal-
lant soldier who offers up his life for our country,
but we must cafe for his bereaved widow and
orphaned children. Let us not turn a deaf ear
to the widow, who, with a " God bless you" on
her lip and a tear of affection in her eye, bade her
husband "good by," as lie Went forth to battle
for the right, and fias fallen in the service of his
country. Do not let us wrong the dead by deny-
ing justice to the living. And these children of
war's desolation should be adopted by the Gov-
ernjnent, and to some extent be made to feel that
for the father they have lost they have found a
guardian and protector in a grateful country.
" The memory of thy father's deeds,
Entwined with all thy wants and needs,
Makes all we do but sweet employ,
And gives each heart a lusting joy,"
You should be thankful that you have It in your
power to alleviate to some extent their sufferings.
You can do but little at most. You cannot pay
for blood. The hero-patriot's blood is above all
price. You cannot restore thehusband and father;
he is gone, and forever. Then, in the name of
Heaven, when they ask for bread, do not give
them a stone.
Mr. WHALEY. In reply to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Odell] I wish to say only
this: he was sitting within a few feet of me, and
heard the reply which I made to the gentleman
from Maine, that there had been 110 quorum of
the committee for nearly amonth. He also must
have heard my previous statement that a report
accompanied every bill, and that, whether the
cases had been considered by the committee or
not, each case must stand or fall on its own mer-
its. While he professes to be a religious man, he
has not shown himself a worthy member of this
House. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN G. W. KNABE.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on invalid Pensions
a bill (H. R. No. 785) granting a pension to
Captain G. W. Knabe; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides for paying
a pension of twenty dollars per month to Cap-
tain George W. Knabe, in consideration of dis-
ability incurred while over-exerting himself in the
line of his duty.
Several Members. Let us hear the report.
The Cleric proceeded to read, when—
Mr. UPSON said: I.rise to a point of order.
I submit that no report has been made. The gen-
tleman from West Virginia [Mr. "Whaley] has
himself said that there has been no formal action
of the committee in these cases.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from West
Virginia has stated the circumstances. The doc-
ument will be read as a part of his remarks.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
document.
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
that has been read twice, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and reported back with a
recommendation that it pass.
Mr. UPSON. I move that it be recommitted.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend the bill by
striking out the words <s while over-exerting him-
self in the line of hisduty," and inserting in heu
thereof the words " while engaged in. the line of
his duty asa soldier."
Mr. WHALEY. I have no objection to that
amendment. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; arid being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. UPSON moved that the bill be iaid on the
table.
The motion was nofc agreed to.
The bill was passed.
• Mr. iNGrEKSOLL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same: ^ ^
An act (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
30th June, 1866; and
An act (H. R. No. 795) amendatory of certain
acts imposing duties upon foreign importations,
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 786) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment fortheyearending 30th June, 1866, and for
other purposes, with amendments, in which they
requested the concurrence of the House.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and ap;
point'a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
MARY F. B. ZEVELY.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions a bill for the relief of Mary F.
B. Zevely; which was laid on the table.
INDIAN GOVERNMENT.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 459)
to provide for the consolidation of the Indian
tribes, and to establish civil governmentin the In-
dian Territory.
RECESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House take a recess till nine o'clock.
Several Members. Say "ten."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, though ,
he dislikes to make suggestions to the House,
that, if the miscellaneous appropriation bill which
has just gone to a committee of conference, is to
pass, there will be little enough time to pass it
between nine and twelve o'clock.
Mr. BROOKS. The committee of conference
cannot act* on that bill in two hours.
Mr. WILDER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was agreed to.
So the House (at ten minutes after seven
o'clock a. m.) took a recess till nine o'clock a. m.
The House, at nine o'clock ju m., (March 4,)
resumed its session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved, as no
quorum was present, that the House take a recess
for fifteen minutes unless a report should be ready
from a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
At the expiration of the time indicated the
House again resumed its session.
INDIAN GOVERNMENT.
The SPEAKER stated the pending question
to be on the motion of Mr. Ashley to take up
Senate bill No. 459, to provide for the consolida-
tion of the Indian tribes, and to establish civil
government in the Indian Territory.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the consideration
of that bill.
DOCUMENTS FOR STATE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Chair will lay before the House Senate joint res-
olution No. 114, authorizing additional copies of
public documents to be printed for the Depart-
ment of State. The State Department feels a
great interest in the adoption of this joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
FEEDING REFUGEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER. Senate joint resolution No.
85, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the Secretary of the Interior $250,000, in
lieu of certain bonds for feeding certain refugee
Indians, has been passed in another form, and if
there be no objection it will be laid on the table.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED DILLS.
The SPEAKER announced, that under the
authority conferred upon him,he appointed Mr.
Pruyn an additional member of the Committee
on Enrolled Bills.
ADDITIONAL INSPECTORS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make a
privileged report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
House bill No 667, to provide for two assistant
local inspectors of steamboats in the city of New
York, and for two local inspectors at Galena, Il-
linois, and to reestablish the board of local in-
spectors at Wheeling; and also to amend, the act
approved June 8, 1864, entitled "An act to create
an additional inspector of steamboats and two
local inspectors of steamboats for collection dis-
tricts of Memphis and Oregon, and for other pur-
poses."
The Senate recede from their amendments.
The report of the committee of conference waa
adopted.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PRUYN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills,reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a joint resolution and bill of thef fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R.No. 161) in relation to
certain railroads; and
An act (H. R. No. 657) to amend the third
section of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30ih day of June,
1865,and for other purposes,"so far as the same
relates to witnesses in the courts of the United
States. ,
CHARLES Tf. ANDERSON,
Mr. BLAIR. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 207, for the relief of Charles P. Anderson.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 29, not voting 89;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Baily, Baxter, Blair, Boyd, Brooks, Broomall, Clmnler,
Coffroth, Cox, Denison, Eden, Eldridge, English, Finck,
Ganson, Grider, Grimiell, Gri&wold, Hale, Heiritk,
Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Francis W. Kellogg, Keman,
Law, Le Blond, Long, Longyear, Maliorv, IVlarcy, Mar-
vin, McAllister, McElride, MeClurg, Moorhend, James R.
Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Odeli, John O'Neill, Orth,
Pendleton, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, William B. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Scott, Shannon,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Townsend, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Wilder, Woodbridge, Worthington, and Yea-
man—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Boutwell, Ambrose XV.
Clark,Cobb, Cole, Thomas T, Davis, Dawes, Eliot,Gooch,
Higby, Holman, llulburd, Kellcy, Samuel F. Miller, Mor-
rill, Daniel Morris, Norton, Charles O'Neill, PatteiJ-on,
Perham, Edward H. Rollins,Scofield, Smitheif, Spalding.
Thayer, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Washburne, and
Wiliiam B. Washburn—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Aueustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Beaman, Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Brandegee, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cravens, Cres-
well, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driges, Dumont, Eckley, Edgerton, Farnvivorth,
Frank, Garfield, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harris, Charles M. Harris, Hooper, Hotehkiss, A-alicl W.
llubbard, John H. Hubbaid, Hatching, Ingcrhol), William
Johnson, Julian, KnlbfleKeli. Kasj-oii, thiamin Kellogg,
King, Knapp, Knox,Lazear,Liltlejohn, Loan. McDowell,
Melndoe, McKmney, Middli'ton,William [I. Mill* r.Leon-
ard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Pet ry, R.idfoxi, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins., Ross, Schenek,
Sloan, Smith, Stari, John 13. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Sweat, Thomas, Tr.iey, Up*on, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Wilson, Window, Winfield,Benjamin Wood, and
Fernando Wood—89.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The bill was accordingly taken up and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it wag accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill; and there were, on a division—ayes 59,
noes 32.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, mak-
ing a quorum.
So the bill was passed.
