654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. BLAINE, i beg the Chair to excuse me;
I am not well.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] will please take the
chair this evening.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion, audit was agreed to.
The House thereupon, (atfouro'clock, p.m.,)
took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p.m.,
and resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Donnelly in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the an-
nual message of the President of the United States,
on which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broomall] had the floor.
Messrs.BROOMALL,LONG,DONNELLY,
(Mr. Broomall in the chair,) COLE, of Cali-
fornia, and JULIAN, addressed the committee.
[Their speeches will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. COLE, of California, moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Cole, of Cali-
fornia, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Broomall reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
hud, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the annual message of the President of the United
States,and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. BROOM ALL, (at
twenty-five minutes to eleven o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 8, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal of
yesteulny will bo read.
Mr. FOOT. Unless somememberof the body
is particularly interested in hearing that Journal
read, 1 suggest that it be dispensed with, by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
There being no objection, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Henry
Stanley for the continuance of his patent; and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his pe-
tition. 1 make the motion with the consent of
the chairman of that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had, in conformity lo the joint rule
on the subject, appointed Mr. J. F. Wilson of
Iowa, and Mr. J. L. Dawson of Pennsylvania,
tellers on Us part to examine und count the elec-
toral votes for President and Vice President of the
United States on this day.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a hill (H. R. No. 683) makingappro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1866; and a bill (H. R.
No. 688) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1866; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of cap-
tains, commanders, and lieutenant commanders
on the active list of theUnited SiatesNavy, pray-
ing for the repeal of so much of the act to estab-
lish and equalize ihe grades of line ofllceisof the
Navy, approved July 16, ISG2, as iclates to the
pay of captains and commanders, and of the pay
at sea of lieutenant commanders, so as to restore
to their respective grades and duties the pay to
which they were entitled prior to the passage of
that act; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of ministers of the
gospel and pastors of the churches at New Bruns-
wick, New Jersey, praying that ministers of the
gospel may be exempted from military duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Samuel
L. Gerould, for pay for his services as reporter
in a court-martial; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Dorsey
Edwin William Tovvson,of Georgetown,District
of Columbia, praying that his name be changed
to Dorsey Edwin William Carter; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the memo-
rial of the common council of Michigan City, In-
diana, praying for the improvement of the harbor
at that place; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce,
He also presented the petition of officers of the
subsistenccdepartment of the Army, praying that
the subsistence department be placed on an equal-
ity with the quartermaster's department in the
way of promotion; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs anil the Militia.
He also presented a petition of commissioned
officers of Indiana regiments in the military ser-
vice of the United States, praying for an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Cambridge, in Massachusetts, headed by
Henry W. Longfellow, asking Congress to enact
a law preferring for appointment to all inferior
offices persons honoiably discharged from the
military or naval service of the United States. I
have already presented a similar petition to this,
which was refeired to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I move that this also be referred to the
same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to present the pe-
tition of George W. Martin, praying that his
case may be investigated and the record of the
Senate amended and other acts done which will
secure his rights. It appears that Mr. Martin
was appointed military .storekeeper, and he al-
leges he was confirmed by the Senate, but that
the record, from accident or otherwise, does not
show the fact, and he prays, therefore, that it be
amended. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
POSTAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of c6m-
mittees are m order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire now, as I can
never get any other time, to move to postpone
all prior orders and take up the bill (S. No. 390)
relating to the postal laws. I think it will not
cau.se debate; it is a bill which ought to be sent
to the other House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us make our reports
first.
Mr. SUMNER. Had we notbettcrgo through
the morning business?
Mr. COLLAMER. Gentlemen ask to make
reports, and then they insist on the immediate
consideration of those reports, so that there is
no chance for other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the Senator go on
with his bill. I withdraw my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of (he Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S. No.
390) relating to the postal laws was considered
as in the Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
reported the bill with several amendments. The
first amendment of the committee, was to strike
out the first suction,as follows:
That fiom and after the I^t day of July, 186.), unpaid
postage upon letter* and other mail matter received tor de-
Jiveiy, the legislation lee on lepis-tered Ietteis , rents of
drawois and fooxe-s, and all other postal tian?.ieU(mj> at por«t
ofhees in which money iS involved, except eoliect'orw of'
drafts and clepo-if-. ^hail be paid and peitouwd by the n<e
of United State- postage, stamps, under such rules and regu-
lations us thu X'ustnuiBttjf Gcneial &hall pre&cube.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Before another vote is taken, as
this is a very important bill, and the Senate evi-
dently have not listened to it, I wish the chairman
of the Committee would state some of the princi-
pal alterations made by the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. This bill as it has now
been read was prepared by the head of the Post
Office Department. He recommended a variety
of legislation in his general report of the year. I
called on him and asked him to put in the form
of a bill all the legislation he desired for his De-
partment for the year, and we could then exam-
ine it and make such amendments as we thought
advisable and necessary. He prepared a bill,
and this bill as it stands printed here now is the
very bill which was prepared by him. I pre-
sented it, and it was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
With that bill he also sent a letter explaining all
the parts of the bill which he had not explained in
his annual report. That letter has been printed.
The bill was drawn up out of the materials in the
Post Office report, and from this letter of the Post-
master General, at the Department, to carry into
effect the views they entertained in relation to
legislation.
The committee, after spending some time in
carefully examining the hill, reported it with a
variety of amendments which have not yet been '
read. The Chair has called them up one at a
time, the first section first. The committee re-
ported that the first section should be stricken
out. If gentlemen would collate the bill with the
Post Office report, and the letter of the Postmas-
ter General, they would see and understand the
reason for all these various sections. They have
very little relation to each other; they are isolated
sections to secure certain purposes stated in his
report and letter. I can go over them all if gen-
tlemen desire it; but I hardly thought it worth
while, inasmuch as the bill as drawn by the De-
partment was sustained and explained by the let-
ter of the Postmaster General, to occupy the at-
tention of the Senate in explaining it. However,
if any gentleman wishes it, I will endeavor to
do so.
The committee have reported a variety of
amendments to the bill. The first section, which
the committee recommend be stricken out, is
based on this idea: a year ago, at the recommen-
dation of the Department, a law was passed to
enable them to dispense with keeping so great a
variety of accounts, and in order to do that it
was provided that at least all letters should be
prepaid by postage stamps, and then, if that was
faithfully done, all the accounts that would have
to be kept by postmasters would be the accounts
of their postage stamps. They would need then
only so many postage stamps; and inasmuch as
nothing can pass through the mails but what is
stamped and canceled, if they kept an accountof
the postage stamps, that is all they would have
to keep. It would dispense with all this great
variety of quarterly returns, amounting, as the
gentleman from New Hampshire very well
knows, he having been a member of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, there be-
ing about twenty-eight thousand post offices, to
twenty-eight thousand quarterly accounts to be
looked over and collated with the post office hills.
It was utterly impracticable to do that. These
quarterly returns acted as some sort of check upon
the postmasteis, because they were supposed to
be looked over, but in fact they never were.
The first section of the bill is predicated on the
idea thateverythmg done in a post office, pay for
box rents and everything else connected with the
Post Office Department, should be paid in postage
stamps; the whole dealings of the office should
be in stamps. The only object to be secuied by
that was the simplifying of accounts; but the
trouble is that it does not simplify them; it is un-
dertaking to push the principle beyond any piac-
ticable result. For instance, sup pose a man comes
in to pay for his box; suppose it is a dollar. He
comes with his dollar and says to the postmas-
ter, " I want to pay my box rent." The post-
master tells him, if this section should be adopted,
that the law requires him to pay it in postage
stamps. " Very well," says he, "hand me the
postage stamps for my dollar." The postmaster
hands him the postage stamps, and he hands them
right back again to pay the box rent. It will
be perceived that those are not canceled stamps;
they are stamps paid back into his hands that he
can useagain; and he may, if he has one hundred
box rents at the same price, with one dollar's
