656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
superintend postal matters connected with the
railway service of the United States, shall be al-
lowed far their traveling expenses, while actively
employed in the service, a sum not exceeding
four dollars a day.
The ninth section is in relation to maps which
the Department has been making arrangements
for preparing and publishing. They are maps
of the States and Territories arranged in groups,
showing the post routes and the location of post
offices. These maps are to be engraved, and some
money is required to finish the engraving and to
make the publication, and theninth section makes
an appropriation of $10,000 for that purpose.
Section ten is to carry into effect a plan which
has been recently entered upon by the Depart-
ment, of making distribution in the railway cars,
instead of having all the letters pass into the dis-
tribution offices to be there distributed. They
put clerks upon the oars and distribute the mail
matter as they go along through all the important
routes of the country.
Mr. HALE. Ts not that done now?
Mr. COLLAMER. Tliey have put it in oper-
ation now, and this section is to provide.pay for
the clerks that are employed in that service; that
is all.
Mr. HOWE. These clerks, I take it, are to
supersede the present agents.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the result will
be to dispense with what we call route agents on
the important routes; but the Department will
not be able to dispense with as many of them as
they put on clerks, by any means, because these
clerks have to do the duties formerly done by the
route agents and by the clerks in the distributing
offices.
Mr. HOWE. Where they have these clerks,
they will not have what are now called route
agents.
Mr. COLLAMER. They will still need route
agents on some routes where they do not have
these clerks, but on the routes where these clerks
are employed they will probably be able to dis-
pense with the route agents.
The eleventh section relates to the carrying of
the mails by steamships. The present law on
that subject provides that if they are American
ships they may be allowed the inland and the sea
postage for this service, and if foreign ships the
sea postage only. There was a doubt whether
the Postmaster General was always obliged to
give tliem all that. On some of the routes he says
the service ought to be done for a great deal less,
and he wants to be at liberty to get it done for
less if he can. His reading of the law was, as
the owners of the vessels cliumcd, that they were
entitled to the whole of that postage, at any rate,
and in order to remove any doubt about that this
section eleven is put in, that he shall get the ser-
vice doneift>y American vessels for any sum
not exceeding the sea and inland postage and if
by foreign vessels, for any sum not exceeding the
sea postage, so that he may be at liberty to get it
for less if he can.
Section twelve only carries into effect section
eleven by compelling the vessels to take the mails.
It is a provision to compel them when they take
clearances to take the mails if so required.
Section thirteen is superseded by anamendment
of the committee. It was originally drawn with
a view to enable the money-order offices to make
deposits in national banks thatare depositaries of
United States moneys, so that they may make
transfers of their money where it is received to
where it is desired to be paid out. That section
is alteied at the suggestion of the Department so
as to enable all deputy postmasters to make de-
posits in the national banks that are depositary
banks in all cases where they have moneys to de-
posit. It is only to allow them to do that which
the AssistantTreasurers do, which the collectors of
internal revenue and the collectors of customs do.
Mr. HOWE. 1 notice another difference oe-
tween the amendment proposed and the section
struck out. By the amendment the money, as 1
understand it, is to be deposited at the risk of the
Government; whereas, in the section struck out,
it was to be deposited at the risk of the postmas-
ter. 1 do not find fault with the amendment, but
I wish to know if I understand it aright.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator understands
it aright, and I will tell him the reason for the
change. These depositary banks are required to
furnish and deposit United States bonds with the
Treasurer of the United States as a security for
the deposits made with them. Now, if you say
that the postmaster whodeposits his money shall
do so at his own risk, we cannot hold those se-
curities for it; but if he deposits, as the Assistant
Treasurers and collectors do, for the Govern-
ment, those securities will be holden for it. I
presume the gentleman understands it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 think it is right.
Mr. COLLAMER. Section fifteen provides
punishment for tearing down post-office boxes,
and is a security for the safe deposit of letters.
Mr. HALE. Could you not make these
offenses punishable by military commission?
[Laughter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. No, we do not do that.
The next section is the sixteenth. As the law
now stands, the Postmaster General may publish
his yearly advertisements for proposals to carry
the mails in as many papers in every State as he
directs. He is applied to, of course, by every
paper, and every paper has its friends about here
urging its claims. There seems to be no end to
the applications, and the matter really becomes a
job to be given out, not for the public service, but
as a matter of favor. This section proposes that
thePostmasterGeneral shall not be allowed to pub-
lish the advertisements in more than five papers
in each State or Territory where the mail service
is to be performed, limiting it so that he will not
have to subsidize all the papers in the country.
That is the object of it, to relieve him from im-
portunities.
Section seventeen is the one of which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] spoke,
which proposes to amend the act of March 3,
1863, relative to the free-delivery system.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (the Clerk of the
House of Representatives having appeared below
the bar.) Will the Senator from Vermont be kind
enough to suspend his remarks that a message
may be received from the House of Representa-
tives?
Mr. MxPherson delivered his message, as fol-
lows:
Mr. President, I am directed to inform the Senate that
the House of ltepiesentatives is now ready to leceive the
tftnuue loi the purpose of pioeeedmg to open and count
iho voles of the eleetoibof the soveia! States for President
and Vice President of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. The seventeenth section
of the bill is an explanation of the act about the
free-delivery system 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will give way,as we have received this no-
tice from the House 
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock the
Senate will repair to the Hall of the House with-
out any notice.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish this bill to be left
as the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
proceed for live minutes, if he chooses.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 will go on. I can get
through, perhaps,m that time. The seventeenth
section is the last section in the printed bill. The
act providing for the free-delivery system pro-
vided that two ccnts postage should be paid on
drop letters, and thatail letters should be delivered
free, the expense of delivery being supposed to
be covered by the charge of two cents instead of
one cent on drop letters as it was before; and the
head of the Department at that time entertained
the belief that it would extend practically to all
our cities ^nd large towns in the country, and
dispense with boxes, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
honorable Senator from Vermont, and in order
to prevent confusion, I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill informally, to take
up the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, that it may be made the order of the
day for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. And in the morning hour
I can finish this? [u Yes."l
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the motion of the Senator from Ohio will
be entertained.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let this be treated as the
unfinished business of the morning;.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to take
up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to postpone
its further consideration, and to make it the spe-
cial order of the day for one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office to report a
resolution, and to ask for its present considera-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the business I
had under consideration remains for considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands it will be the unfinished business of the
morning hour to-morrow morning, and it will be
the unfinished business for to-day, when the Sen-
ate returns.
Mr. COLLAMER. If we return here to-day,
may we not go on with it as unfinished busi-
ness?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. COWAN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office to report the
following resolution:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the Senate
five thousand copies of the annual repoit of the Patent Of-
fice for the year 1864.
Mr. ANTHONY. That resolution should go
to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the report of
a committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the committee from
whom it is reported knows the expense, I have
no objection to action now; but 1 think, before a
document so expensive is ordered to be printed,
before the number is decided upon, the Senate
ought to be in possession of the cost of doing it.
["Move to refer it."] I would rather that the
committee from whom it comes should make the
motion to refer.
Mr. POiVlEROY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection,certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator has an esti-
mate, I would as lief it should come from his
committee.
Mr. COWAN. I am content that it should go
to the Committee on Printing.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
COUNTING or PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour agreed
upon by the concurrent vote of the two Houses
having arrived, the Senate will now repair to the
Hall of the House of Representatives for the pur-
pose ofopening, counting,and declaring the votes
for President and Vice President of the United
States for the term commencing on the 4th of
March, 1865.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the Hall
of the House of Representatives, preceded by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and headed by the Vice Pres-
ident and the Secretary.
The Senate returned to their Chamber at two
o'clock, p. m.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate take
up the resolution which I offered two days ago,
calling upon the President of the United States
for information relating to recentconferences with
certain rebels. There will be no debate upon it.
I hope it may now be acted upon and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can
be entertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object. I think the
Senator might wait until we get into our seats.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator rose
in his place and objected distinctly.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I can move to postpone
all prior orders and take up that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order.
Mr. SUMNER. I will do that. Let us get
this resolution out of the way. It will only take
two minutes.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
that will supersede the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will if the mo-
tion obtains.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then X*must object to it.
