1424:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Bunker Hill to Yorktown, from Lundy's Lane
to New Orleans, and from the darker hours of
The rebellion in-the past, to Savannah, and Fort
Sumter, and Charleston, and Columbia, and Fort
Fisher, and Wilmington in the present, has ever
symbolized our unity and our najional life, as we
see inscribed on it ineffaceably that now doubly
noble inscription, " Liberty and Union, nowand
forever, one and inseparable."
But, in this hour of gladness I cannot forget the
obligations, paramount and undying, we owe to
our heroic defenders on every battle-field upon
the land, and every wave-rocked monitor and frig-
ate upon the sea. Inspired by the sublimest spirit
of self-sacrifice they have realized a million-fold
the historic fable of Curtius as they have offered
to close up, with their own bodies, if need be, the
yawning chasm that imperiled the Republic. For
you and me, and for their country, they have
turned their backs on the delights of home and sev-
ered the tenderest of ties to brave death in a thou-
sand -forms; to confront with unblanched cheek
the tempest of shot,and shell, and flame; to storm
frowning batteries and bristling intrenchments;
to bleed, to suffer, and to die. As we look from
this Capitol Hill over the nation there are crushed
and broken hearts in every hamlet; there are
wounded soldiers, mangled with rebel bullets, in
every hospital; there arc patriot graves in every
church-yard; there are bleaching bones on every
battle-field. 11 is the lofty and unfaltering heroism
of the honored living, and the even more honored
dead, that has taken us from every valley of dis-
aster and defeat and placed our feet on the sun-
crowned heights of victory. The granite shaft
may commemorate their deeds. Our American
Valhalla may be crowded with the statues of our
heroes. But our debt of gratitude to them can
never be paid while time shall last and the history
of a rescued nation shall endure.
If my voice, from this Representative Hall,
could be heard throughout the land, I would ad-
jure all who love the Republic to preserve this
obligation ever fresh in grateful hearts. The
dead, who have fallen in these struggles to pre-
vent an alien flag from waving over the ashes of
Washington, or over the graves where sleep the
great and patriotic rivals of the last generation,
the hero of New Orleans and the illustrious Com-
moner of Kentucky, cannot return to.us. On
Shiloh's plain and Carolina's sandy shores, be-
fore Richmond, and above the cloudsat Lookout
Mountain, the patriot martyrs of constitutional
liberty sleep in their bloody shrouds till the morn-
ing of resurrection. But the living are left be-
hind. And if the Sacred Record appropriately
commends the poor, who are ever with us, to our
benefactions and regard, may I not remind you
that the widow and the fatherless, the maimed
and the wounded, the diseased and the suffering,
whose anguish springs from this great contest,
have claims on all of us, heightened immeasurably
by the sacred cause for which they have given so
much? Thus, and thus alone, by pouring the
oil of eohsolation into the wounds that wicked
treason has made, can we prove our devotion to
our fatherland and our affectionate gratitude to-
ward its defenders.
And, rejoicing over the bow of promise we al-
ready see arching the storm-cloud of war, giving
assurance that no deluge of secession shall again
overwhelm or endanger our nation, we can join,
with heart and soul, sincerely and trustingly, in
the poet's prayer:
" Now, Fatlier, lay thy liealing hand
In mercy on oar stricken larulj
Lead all its wanderers to the told,
And be their Shepheul, as> of old.
" So shall our nation's song ascend
To thee, our Ruler, Father, Friend ;
While heaven's wide areh rebounds again
Willi 'Peace on earth,good will to men.'"
We go hence, with our official labors ended,
to the Senate Chamber,ar\d<the portico of the
Capitol,*there^witfe tfce.staPu6-of the goddess of
Liberty looking down for the first time from her
lofty pedestal on such a scene, to witness and
participate in the inauguration of the Elect of the
American people.
And now, thanking you most truly for the ap-
probation of my official conduct which you have
recorded on your Journals, i declare the House
of Representatives of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress of the United States adjourned sine die.
SENATE -SPECIAL SESSION.
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 4, 1865.
Hon. ANDREW" JOHNSON, Vice President
of the United States, having taken the oath of
office at the close of the regular session of Con-
gress, took the chair, and directed the Secretary
to read the proclamation convening a special ses-
sion of the Senate.
The Secretary (Hon. John W. Forney) read,
as follows:
A proclamation.
Whereas objects of interest to (he United States require
that the Senate should be convened at l welve o'clock, on
the 4th of March next, to receive and aet upon such com-
munications ah may be made to it on the part of the Exec-
utive :
Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, have considered
it to be rnv duty to issue th iV, my pi oelamauon, declaring that
an cxtraoidinary occasion inquires the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to convene, for the transaction of business, at
the Capitol, in the city of Washington, on the 4th day of
March next, at twelve o'clock at noon on that day, of
which all who shall at that time be entitled to act as mera-
beis of that body are hereby required to take notice.
Given under my hand and the seal of the United States
at Washington, ihe 17th day of Febiuary, in the
[l. s.] year of our Lord 1866, and of the independence of
the United States of America the eiy;htv-ninth.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
William H. Seward, Secretary of State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the names of the newly-elected Senators.
The list was read, as follows:
Hon. Henry B. Anthony, of Rhode Island.
, Hon. Aaron H.Cragin, of New Hampshire.
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, of Maine.
Hon. James W. G rimes, of Iowa.
Jlon. James Guthrie, of Kentucky,
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, of Michigan.
Hon. James H. Lane, of Kan sas.
Hon. Daniel S. Norton, of Minnesota.
Hon. Wiltard Saulsbury, of Delaware.
Hon. Waitman T. Wiliey, of West Virginia.
Hon. George H. Williams, of Oregon.
Hon. Henry Wilson, of Massachusetts.
Hon. Richard Yates, of Illinois.
As their names were called the Seoators eame
forward, and the oaths prescribed bylaw were
administered to them, with the exception of Mr.
Saulsbuky, who was not present.
The Senators having been sworn, and taken
their seats in the Senate, the following Senators
were present:
From ihe Stale of J\ew Hampshire—Hon. Daniel
Clark and Hon. Aaron H. Ciagin.
From the Slate of Massachusetts—Hon. Charles
Sumner and Hon. Henry Wilson.
From the State of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations—Hon. William Sprague and Hon.
Henry B. Anthony.
From the State of Connecticut—Hon. LaFayette
S. Foster and Hon. James Dixon.
Fromthe State of Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot
and Hon. Jacob Collamer.
Fromthe Slate of New York—Hon. Ira Harris
and Hon. Edwin D. Morgan.
From the State of Neio Jersey—Hon. William
Wright.
From ihe State of Pennsylvania—Hon. Edgar
Cowan.
From the State of Delaware—Hon, George Read
Riddle.
From the State of Maryland—Hon. Reverdy
Johnson.
From the Slate of Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis
and Hon. James Guthrie.
From the State of Ohio—Hon. John Sherman
and Hon. Benjamin F. Wade. *
Fromthe State of Indiana—Hon. Henry S. Lane
and Hon. Thomas A. Hendricks.
From the Slate of Illinois—Hon: Lyman Trum-
bull and Hon. Richard Yates.
From the State of Maine—Hon. Lot M. Morrill
and Hon. William Put Fessenden.
From the, Slate of Missouri—Hon. B. Gratz
Brown and Hon. John B. Henderson.
From the State of Michigan—Hon. Zachariah
Chandler and Hon. Jacob M. Howard.
From the Stale of Iowa—Hon. James Harlan
and Hon. James W. Grimes.
From the State of Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy
0. Howe and Hon. James R. Doolittle.
From the State of California—Hon. James A.
McDougall and Hon. John Conneas.
From the State of Minnesota—Hon. Alexander
Ramsey and Hon. Daniel S. Norton.
From the State of Oregon—Hon. James W.
Nesmith and Hon. George H. Williams.
From the State of Kansas—Hon. Samuel C.
Pomeroy and Hon. James H. Lane.
Fromthe Slate of Wesl Virginia—Hon. Wait-
man T. Wiliey.
From the State of Nevada—Hon. James W.
Nye and Hon. William M. Stewart.
INAUGURATION CEREMONIES.
The persons entitled to admission on the floor
of the Senate Chamber having been admitted to
the places reserved for them, at twenty-five min-
utes after twelve o'clock the President, Hon.
Abraham Lincoln, entered the Senate Chamber,
accompanied by Mr. Foster, Mr. Doolittle,
and Mr. Henderson, members of the committee
of arrangements, and was conducted to a seat in
front of the Secretary's desk, and the members
of the committee were seated on his left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of pro-
cession will now be formed, for the purpose of
repairing to the front of the portico, according to
the programme.
Those assembled in the Senate Chamber pro-
ceeded to the platform on the central portico of
the Capitol in the following order:
The marshal of the District of Columbia; the
ex-Vice President; the Supreme Court of the
United States; the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate; the President of the United States, the Pies-
ident-elect; the Vice President and the Secretary
of the Senate; the members of the Senate; the
diplomatic corps; heads of Departments; Gov-
ernors of States and Territories; the Mayors of
Washington and Georgetown, and other persons
admitted to the floor of the Senate Chamber.
The President-elect delivered the following
"INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Fellow-Countrymen:
At this second appearing to take the oath of
the presidential office, there is less occasion for
an extended address than there was at the first.
X hen,a statement, somewhat in detail, ofa course
to be pursued, seemed fitting and proper. Now,
at the expiration of four years, during which
public declarations have been constantly called
forth on every point and phase of the great contest
which still absorbs the attention and engrosses
the energies of the nation, little that is new could
be presented. The progress of our arms, upon
which all else chiefly depends, is as well known
to the public as to myself; and it is, I trust,
