1426
the Congressional globe.
March 6,
'■Mr. CLARK. I did not mean to say that the
Senate would be satisfied with that explanation,
but that I could make one that would satisfy
them what the truth and the facts about it were.
I meant to give an explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may have been so; but
there is no safety in our legislation if things of
this kind can occur. I do not mean to impute
dishonesty. I know nothing about it. I did not
know it had occurred in this way at all; but it
was merely accidental that it was ascertained that
this resolution had been presented to the Pres-
ident in time to prevent its signature.
• Mr. GRIMES. What was the title of it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The title of the resolution
is, "A joint resolution in regard to land-grant
railroads." I do not know that I give the entire
title.
Mr. HOWE. I have before me the title to
House resolution No. 161, which is entitled, "A
joint resolution in regard to certain railroads,"
and it is one of two packages.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
sery a word further about this matter?
Mr. HOWE. I interrupted the Senator, and I
shall yield the floor to him when he wants it. I j
•was only about to say that it i3 one of two pack- |
ages of titles sent to me from the enrolling room ;
of the House, and which were laid on my desk '
just before adjournment. I had not time to look
them over. 1 just entered from the envelopes the
numbers on my book, and 1 never made a report
to the Senate of the examination of that resolu-
tion; but the possession of this title is evidence
that such a resolution was examined and pro-
nounced by the Enrolling Committee of the House
of Representatives duly enrolled; and it is, so far,
evidence that it passed this body.
Mr. CLARK. I have alittle further informa-
tion as to how this mistake occurred; and perhaps
I was not quite right in saying that it occurred
with the enrolling clerks of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The bill for the relief of Josiah 0.
Armes, which is now held in my hands, is num-
bered 161. 1 am told by the clerk that this resolu-
tion inuuestion was numbered 161.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that it was num-
bered in the House 157, and numbered here 161.
Mr. CLARK. Yes; it was numbered 161; and
when the clerk's attention was called to ir, and
he was told that bill or resolution No. 161 had
passed and was to be sent to the House to be en-
rolled, he got the wrong resolution; he got the
resolution No. 161 and sent it to the House, and
it was there enrolled instead of this one. He got
a resolution instead of a bill of the same number,
and the mistake occurred in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire how came
the names of the Presiding Officers to this resolu-
tion; or do they sign bills and resolutions with-
out examining them?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot undertake to say how
that is. It ss the usual practice, \ think, when a
bill is brought here, enrolled and properly certi-
fied to be signed, that the Presiding Officer signs
it without examining the bill. 1 think it is un-
usual to examine the bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest—I
think the Senate will bear witness to that—that
no such resolution passed here, and that the Sen-
ate and Congress have been very nearly intrapped
in this way. I think it is worthy of investiga-
tion to ascertain how this occurred, and that we
may have a check against the repetition of such
occurrences hereafter, i think it due to the Sen-
ate that there should be a committee to inquire
into the precise facts of how this happened, and
that it is too importanla matter to be passed over.
Although no mischief will arise in this particular
instance, it was entirely accidental that it was
prevented. It matters not what men's opinions
may be as to the propriety of this resolution;
that has nothing to do with it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know whether the Sen-
ator is quite right when he says that no mischief
arises. My friend Armes has lost his bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is another matter.
That has nothing to do with the presentation of
a resolution to the President of the United States
as having passed Congress which never did pass
Congress. And if our rules are not sufficiently
strict to protect us against the repetition of such
an act as this they ought to be made so.
Mr. CLARK. I concur entirely with the Sen-
ator from Illinois that a committee had better be
appointed to examine this matter, to see whether
any relief can be made in any way about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot legislate, but
we can inquire into the facts so far as the Senate
is concerned. I will submit to the Senate a mo-
tion that a committee of three be appointed by
the President of the Senate to inquire into the
facts with reference to the enrollment and signa-
ture of this joint resolution.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me,
I will make a previous motion which will bring
the resolution before the Senate. I move that the
President be requested to return the resolution to
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw my mo-
tion until that is done.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
character of the business in which they are now
engaged. It is clearly legislative; it is not exec-
utive. I am not disposed to suggest any limita-
tion of the business of the Senate at this stage
beyond the usage of the body; but it is within
the recollection of Senators that we have habit-
ually declined to entertain any proposition legis-
lative in its character at these called sessions.
The other House of Congress is not in session
now. Suppose we get this resolution back, what
will we do about it ? I do not see that we can do
anything except ascertain the facts. Ascertaining
the facts, we are not in a condition to act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if it would not be com-
petent at this session for the Senate to prescribe
such rules as it thought proper in regard to its
action m legislative matters for its own govern-
ment, just as we form our committees with refer-
ence to legislative matters? Do we not admit
members to seatsin open session ? This is not an
executive session of the Senate; it is a special ses-
sion of the Senate. We may do any business that
the Senate can transact without the House acting
m conjunction. Suppose the House were sitting
in the other end of the Capitol, would it not be
competent for the Senate to raise a committee to
inquire how it was that a certain resolution pur-
ports to have passed this body which never has
passed it? Would we necessarily have anything
to do with the House of Representatives in the
investigation of that matter so far as our own
body is concerned? It is not alleged that the
House of Representatives did not pass this reso-
lution: I suppose it did pass there; but what is
alleged is, that the resolution never passed this
boUy; and when a resolution is presented to the
President for his sanction as having passed this
body which has never received its consideration,
1 thought it due to the Senate at the first oppor-
tunity to let the President know the fact, and to
take such action as will prevent a repetition of
the act. I know that no person would go further
than the Senator from Massachusetts to prevent
such an occurrence as this. I think it competent
to do it; and as every Senator, 1 presume, is well
satisfied that no such resolution has passed this
body, 1 think a request to the President to return
the resolution would be very proper.
Mr. SUMNER. After the resolution is re-
turned here, what then ? Can we take any action?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can raise a committee
to inquire how the Vice President's signature was
obtained, and how it came to purport to pass this
body.
Mr. SUMNER. Yerv well; I merely call at-
tention to the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shne that the President be requested to return the
resolution to the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will give the requisite notice to the President re-
questing-the return of the resolution to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not ask for the ap-
pointment of a committee until the resolution is
returned. I will waive my motion until we can
hear from the President.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is proper to
say, in connection with the remarks of the Sen-
ator frorq Illinois, that I am entirely satisfied that
this is the merest mistake; and that there is not
the least fault, either of negligence or willfulness,
on the part of the clerks of this body. I have
inquired somewhat into it. That a mistake of
this kind should occur toward the close of a ses-
sion is not a matter of surprise; but the surprise
is that there are not more numerous mistakes
when business is crowded through the body as it
was the last two or three weeks.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY, i offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
ten thousand additional copies of the annual report of die
Patent Office for the year 1864.
I move that the resolution be laid upon the
table, to be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing: when appointed.
The .motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
■Mr. ANTHONY. I also offer the following
resolution, which, I understood, passed at the
legislative session, but I believe the record is not
so, and I ask the same disposition of it:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of tha
report of the Smithsonian Institution for 1864 be printed,
three thousand for the use of ihe tiate and uvo thousand
for the u.se of the Smithsonian Institution : Provided, That
the aggregate number of pages contained in said report shall
not exceed four hundred and fifty, without wood-cuts or
plates, except those furnished by the Institution, and that
the report be stereotyped.
The resolution was laid on the table.
RECESS.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is no business before
the Senate I move that the Senate adjourn^
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will you not hear the
report of the committee appointed to wait on the
President first?
Mr. SUMNER. We must wait an hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we take a recess.
Mr, ANTHONY. Why not take a recess for
an hour?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better wait
until we get a report from the President.
Mr. CONNESS. The course proposed to he
pursued by the Senator from Massachusetts was
followed upon another occasion; I believe it was
when the last session of Congress first met. We
appointed a committee to wait on the President •
to ask him whether he had any communication
to make to the body,and when the committee re-
turned there was no Senate to report to. I hope
we shall remain until the committee returns, or
take a recess and be here, and not carry out a
precedent, more honored in the breach than the
observance, that has already been set. I trust we
will not now adjourn.
' Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will not press
the motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate take
a recess until one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. You had better say half an
hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee will be back in half an hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will move that the
Senate take a lecess until one o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn. ["Oh, no!"] There is no necessity
for our staying here.
Mr. CONNESS. So it was said at the com-
mencement of the last session; some Senators
insisted on adjourning; and a message came in
afterward.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the Senator from Michi-
gan to withdraw his motion. The custom has
been to wait for the return of the committee. At
the last session it was the other way, but it was
found then that we were depaiting fiom a good
custom. 1 hope we shall icmain here until the
committee returns.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is moved
that the Senate take a rceess until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate resumed us session at one o'clock.
PAPBUS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That 0. F. Johnson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
COMMUNICATIONS FliOM T1IE PRESIDENT.
Mr. MORGAN, from the committee appointed
to wait on the President of the United States and
