THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March. 7,
at that convention; that he had telegraphed to
Jeff*. Davis, when that convention resolved the
State out of the Union in their way, for new or-
ders as to what they shduld do next; and that he
had further aided in organizing military forces
againstHhe authority ana integrity of the United
States. That man was presented here, I am sorry
to say, through the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas, who himself, I concede, is a patriotic citizen
and Senator, for admission into this body.
It appears to me that that circumstance alone
should point out that the business of receiving
Senators from these inchoate States (if I may so
call them) is a matter of great seriousness, a
matter not to be hurried forward, a matter to be
deliberated and determined upon; and, as has
been stated again and again here, while there ex-
ists a law of Congress authorizing the President
of the United States to proclaim, and a procla-
mation has been made in accordance therewith,
declaring these States in a condition of rebellion,
it is a question of considerable delicacy to pre-
sent the credentials of Senators from these States
to this body. They ought not to be pressed for-
ward in a manner offensive to the Senate; nor
are Senators to be told that because they object
to the reception even of such a document that
it is, therefore, an objection to the right of peti-
tion. It is in no manner a petition. It is in the
form of a demand by a certain organization,
political in its character, that Senators shall be
received in this body to represent that organiza-
tion, and is not a petition in any ordinary sense.
I hope, sir, that the Senator from Michigan
will not persist in his objection to the reception
of the credentials. Let them, like all others of
the kind that have been presented, be offered and
laid on the table; and the Senate of the United
States, in its own good time, when Congress shall
meet again, and when both the Congress and the
Executive will have additional light and facts to
act upon, may then take the whole subject up
and act wisely and patriotically upon it. ,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I utterly deny the
right of the distinguished Senator from California
to lecture me. 1 have been persistent in present-
ing credentials of Senators from insurrectionary
Suites, says the Senator. The State of Arkan-
sas adjoins the State I have the honor to repre-
sent. I presented the credentials of Senators
Fish buck and Baxter at the last session of Con-
gress; I present the credentials of Mr. Snow at
this session of Congress, on request, they being
elected for the Congresses to which I presented
their credentials.
But the Senator from California suggests that
Mr. Fishback wt(s unworthy of his seat. For
that i am not responsible. He was the elected
member of the loyal men of Arkansas. I deny,
however, squarely, the truth nf the averments
madt  by the Senator against that gentleman. He
did vote for the ordinance of secession, but it was
shown here that he did it to save his life, and that
there was no other means by which that life could
have been saved.
Mr. CONN ESS. I do not think it was worth it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was also shown
that he had been radically anti-slavery from the
day he entered the State of Arkansas until he
made his appearance here. Why does not the
Senator from California lecture the Senate instead
of lecturing the Senator from Kansas ? After all
this evidence had been presented, the Senate, by
a formal, solemn vote, granted to the gentleman
thus unjustly and untruthfullyassailed,his mile-
age from his home to his place in the Senate and
returning. After all that had been said against
Mr. Fishback, the Senate indorsed the action of
Arkansas so far as to pay lum his mileage.
Mr. President, I have a word more to say on
the subject of this persistence. I was an appli-
cant hero as a Senator-elect nine years ago under
just such circumstances as Mr. Snow, Mr. Fish-«
back, and Mr. Baxter present themselves. I came
here as the representative of a State organization
of the iree-State men of Kansas against the slave
oligarchy of the Union backed by the Adminis-
tration. I heard on that occasion from the lips
ot Bayard and Hunter and Mason, and that class
of men, now traitors, just such speeches against
that organization as are now made against the
loyal people of Arkansas; and just such denun-
ciations against me fell from the lips of those men
as have fallen from the lipa of the Senator from
California against Mr. Fishback. I say to the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] to
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and to the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that they
can find exact copies of their speeches against
Louisiana, against Arkansas, and against Ten-
nessee, by looking into the Congressional Globe,
delivered m my presence by Bayard, Mason, Hun-
ter, and Butler of South Carolina, against the free-
State organization of Topeka—a free-State organ-
ization that saved Kansas to freedom. I take this
opportunity to say to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and to the Senator from Ohio that those
speeches in denunciation of that State organiza-
tion were answered by those two Senators who
are now here repeating the very speeches that
they then answered. I invite those Senators to
look into the Congressional Globe of 1856. They
will find the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
and the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
occupyingthe same position then thatthey occupy
now; and that Congressional Globe shows that
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts are trampling upon their own record,
and repeating the speeches that they then an-
swered. There is but one epithet used by these
southern fillibusters in the discussion of 1856 to-
ward my constituents and myself not repeated in
this discussion—that of 41 traitor." 1 am not
aware the Senators from Massachusetts and Ohio
have as yet gone so far. They denounced your
humble speaker and the men he then represented
as traitors. You indulge now in every epithet
indulged in bythosemenon thatoccasion,except
the single one of4* traitor."
Mr. President, all the feelings of my nature,
all the sympathies of my heart are called forth in
behalf of these men who have undertaken to make
a State organization and who have perfected that
State organization. When the Senatorfrom Cal-
ifornia charges me with persistence he must re-
member that 1 have traveled the same road that
these men are traveling; that the people I repre-
sent have traveled the same road that their con-
stituents are traveling. And I again say to that
Senator that he must find some other Senator to
lecture than me. 1 am his peer. I receive no
lecture from him. I hurl it into his teeth.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 beg the Senator to keep
cool.
Mr. POMEROY. 3 do not intend to make any
extended remarks on a mere question of receiving
these credentials of Mr. Snow. I suppose they
are not called for. It has been the usual custom
of the body to receive credentials and refer them;
and 1 suppose that course will be taken with these
credentials. I wish to say, however, in a single
word, to the Senatorfrom Michigan thatthevery
question of fact that he presents is the question
to be inquired into. How shall we ever know
whether the rebellion in Arkansas is suppressed
or not unless it be inquired into and some com-
mittee report upon it? And what better way of
inquiring into it is there than that of presenting
credentials and having them referred to a com-
mittee ? Last year the credentials of Senators-elect
from Arkansas were presented and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and they made an
elaborate report, showing that at that time the
rebellion was not suppressed in Arkansas; but
saying in the report that the time might come,
and they hoped speedily, when the credentials
could be received and reported upon favorably.
That time, we undertake to say, has come; and
it is that question which we want the committee
to inquire into and report upon to this body; and
upon that report we expect to admit the members
from Arkansas.
1 sent to the Committee on the Judiciary some
weeks ago a joint resolution asking an inquiry
into this question, and stating that the rebellion
was so far suppressed in the State of Arkansas
that it was safe to proceed to the organization of
a government there. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary have not reported that resolution, either
favorably or unfavorably; but they did report
another resolution embodying the case of Louisi-
ana, which was regarded in this body as a kind
of precedent, as a kind of leader, for the State of
Arkansas and other States that may present them-
selves. I have nc^fault to find with all that. What
I think is our right in tins matter is this, that
the credentials be presented, and, at the proper
time, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that they then inquire into the subject. If
they find that the rebellion is suppressed in Ar-
kansas, that this organization is regular and loyal
to the Government of the United States, that it
embodies the loyal sentiments of the people of
Arkansas, that the State-government is-estab-
lished iri almost all the counties of the State, that
the law is being regularly executed, and that the
government is in successful operation,then I say
the Committee on the Judiciary can report back
these credentials favorably, provided there is no
objection to them in form.
But upon the mere question of the presentment
of credentials I do not propose to argue this sub-
ject. I merely desire the Senate to pursue tho
usual course, and let them be referred at the proper
time, and then an investigation can be had; and
if Arkansas is still in rebellion let them be re-
jected; if the State government of Arkansas is
not in rebellion let them be received. That is all
there is about it. I undertake to say further, from
some little knowledge of the subject, for I have
been down there during the last year, that 1 be-
lieve the present State government of Arkansas
is no more in rebellion than the government of
the State of Michigan. I found in Michigan a
great many rebels on the border, running into
Canada and back into Michigan; and 1 found
precisely that condition of things m Arkansas;
and there is quite a parallel between the two
States, because in Michigan they had a chance to
hide in Canada, and in Arkansas they had a chance
to hide in Texas. I do notapprehend that Michi-
gan is disloyalon thataccount, but I do apprehend
that the State government of Arkansas is as loyal
as the State government of Michigan or Kansas.
I do not claim for my own State what I am not
willing to concede to every other. I simply de-
sire, without any declamation on this subject, to
have these credentials received, referred, and a
report made upon them, and the whole question
fai rly considered.
Mr. HOWARD. The question before the Sen-
ate is not whether the present or so-called gov-
ernment of Arkansas is loyal, or is as loyal as
the government of Michigan. I do not under-
stand that to be a part of the question in discus-
sion at all. I concede, without any hesitation,
the high probability, at least, of the loyalty of
the present government of Arkansas—meaning
by the " government of Aikansas" the members
of its Legislature, its Governor, its'executive of-
ficers, and its judicial officers, (if it has judicial
officers, as I suppose it has.) 1 suppose there is
not any doubt, or ground to doubt, that the mere
government, or rather the governmental person-
ages, of Arkansas are loyal enough. That is
a very immaterial question. The real question
here, and upon which I take my stand, is whether
the mass of the people of Arkansas are loyal or
disloyal; whether they are friendly or inimical to
the Government of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I will ask the Senator from
Michigan whether he is not willing to have that
very question inquired into. That is the very
question to be settled in the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think it is a ques-
tion to be settled in the committee. On this point
the honorable Senator from Kansas differs from
me. Jt is a question &> be settled, undoubtedly,
by somebody. By wnom is that question to be
settled ? According to rumor, and according to
the information which lias reached me, there is
at present but a comparatively small part of the
people of Arkansas who are loyal to the United
States. What the exact proportion may be I do
not know, and shall not, therefore, undertake to
say; but the information which I receive goes to
show that not a majority of the people of that
State are loyal at this time, but that, on the other
hand, if the military power of the United States
was withdrawn from- the territory of Arkansas,
and the so-called State government was left to it-
self and required to stand upon its own feet, to
maintain its position as a government in Arkan-
sas, it could not subsist as a government for forty-
^.eight hours against the attacks of the traitorous
majority of the people living within the borders
of that State. That is as I suppose the fact really
to be.
Who is to ascertain the fact whether the mass
of the people of Arkansas are loyal ? The Pres-
ident of the United States, in repeated proclama-
tions* has certified to the world that the people of
