"662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
But the Senator says that some of the large
papers that issue great editions send their papers
outside ofthe mails. Undoubtedly they do. This
section creates no new law about that. We do
not tax by this law papers that do notgo into the
mails. Under the law now, we do not charge
postage on those which do not go into the mails.
I do not, therefore, see that there is any new
burden created. As I have already explained, it
is nothing more nor less than a provision to get
ihe postage already provided for by collecting it
inifdifferent manner.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that while this prop-
osition certainly does not increase the burden, it
makes it much more inconvenient. It is an in-
convenience , certainly, because many of the coun-
try papers, as has already been suggested, are not
paid for in money; they are paid for in barter, in
country produce. It is so with many papers in
the Senator's own State; and if the publisher is
obliged to pay the postage in advance he will not
send the paper. It is very desirable for the coun-
try tfiat these small papers that just live should
be kept alive. They are very useful in the cir-
culation of intelligence, very useful for town and
county purposes, and they are very useful in stim-
ulating the patriotism of the country at this time,
and I think this would be felt as a very consider-
able burder^>n them. It would not be of any
consequence to the papers in the large citics, be-
cause most of them are distributed by news men,
and those that go to individual subscribers are
almost always paid for in advance. It is not so
with country papers; they are not generally paid
for in advance; butattheend of the time a farmer
comes in with a load of wood, or a barrel of po-
tatoes, and settles with the publisher. If this
section of the bill be retained it will tend very
much to curtail the circulation of small country
papers.
Mr COLLAMER. It happens that I live in
the country, and the gentleman lives in a city; I
understand the country press. The talk of pay-
ing for papers in country produce, a practice
which existed some twenty, thirty, or forty years
ago, has nothing in it. There is not an article of
country produce anywhere in our country now
that is not cash at the door. No man is obliged
to run around to try to get the printer to take ins
wood for the paper. He can have his dollar for
his wood any day, anywhere. There is no such
thing now as paying in produce for papers. No
country printer could get butter for his family in
that way. The system is all money. So fur
from being any injury to the publisher, this will
be a benefit. It will be a benefit that the credit
system, which is almost entirely done away with
throughout our country,shall cease with printers
as well as other people. This will enable the
printer to say to his subscribers, " 1 have to pre-
pay this postage; now you must prepay me." 1
do not believe it will injure them m the least.
Certain it is, that as the matter is now regulated,
we are losing a large amount of our postage which
is not collected, and this is the only way in which
we can secure its collection.
Besides, while we keep up the practice of send-
ing printed matter through the mails without pre-
payment, we are obliged to keep up this great
system of accounts to which I have already called
attention. The accounts of the postmasters for
what they collcct all over the country cannot be
kept in postage stamps. We have now more
than twenty thousand quarterly returns; and by
continuing the practice of carrying newspapers
without prepayment we still keep up that system,
and all that immense number of accounts must
be managed and manipulated in the Department
here. We never can simplify that system of ac-
countability in the office in any other manner
than by making prepayment uniform on printed
matter as well as on written matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no doubt that there is
great force in the argument in regard to the sim-
plification of accounts; but I think there is noth-
ing at all in regard to postage. I think at the
present price of pape'r the papers that are for-
feited for the non-payment of postage are fully
equal to the postage. I think they would sell for
that.
Mr, COLLAMER. The very same difficulty
arises that we never get any accounts of them.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I think you ought to
have honester postmasters, and the country pa-
pers ought not to suffer for that deficiency. It is
true that the Senator lives in the country and I
live in a city; but almost the only thing about
which I pretend to know as much as the Senator
is newspapers, and I can assure him that if this
section passes he will hear from the country press
all over the country, and the voice wili ,be such
as I predict, not such as he does.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to inform the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads that in my opinion, and i live in the
country, the workings of this section will be to
suspend all our weekly papers. The papers are
sent to the country people on credit frequently.
The editors cannot prepay the postage. The aver-
age circulation of our weekly newspapers is four
or five hundred. The editors cannot prepay the
postage on four or five hundred papers every
week. It is as much as they can- do to live now.
I can assure the Senator that the section will have
a very serious effect on the papers in our State.
I want to give my vote so that it shall be under-
stood, and 1 ask for the yeas and nays. [" Oh,
no."] Well, I withdraw the call for the present.
Mr. HALE. I renew the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Buckalew, Carlilc,
Clark, Cowan, Doolmle, F.uwrll, Fostei, Guinea, Ilulo,
Ilarlan, Harris, IIemlrick«, Howe, Lane nf Kan>:w, Mor
pan, Morrill, Nesmiili, Nye, Powell, Ilkld|i\ tiaul&bury,
Slieiman, Spragne, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, VVil-
lev, Wil&on, and YVnglit—31.
NAYrf—Messrs. (Jollamer, Conness, IlemleiMm, John-
son, l'omeioy, Ramsey, and Van Winkle—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Hard-
ing. [lu;k-j, llowaul, Lane of Indiana, AleJJougall, Rich-
ardson, Stewart, Tiumbull, and Wade—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARWELL. Was the first section stricken
from the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion has been stricken out.
Mr. FARWELL. 1 propose to offer an amend-
ment to that section, but 1 can do it when the bill
is reported to the Seriate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be amendable m the Senate.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. FARWELL. I have examined the first
section that was stricken out in Committee of the
Whole, and I propose to offer an amendment to
it, and then retain the section as amended as a
part of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
fiist put the question on concumng in the remain-
der of the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole, excepting the first.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. FARWELL. I move to amend the first
section by inserting in line nine, after the word
i( stamps" the words "which stamps shall be
canceled by the postmaster in presence of the
person paying the same."
1 will state in a word the reason of my offering
this amendment. It is clear from the idea the com-
mittee had in the first draft of this bill that there
were two objects sought to be attained. One
object was to secure the revenue of the Post
Oflicc Department againstany neglectof the post-
masters to return moneys that might be collected
for unpaid postage, or for box rents, or any other
miscellaneous matters where money might come
into the hands of the postmaster in any way.
Another was to simplify the accounts, to prevent,
if possible, the necessity of the quarterly returns
oftheseaccounts. The chairman of the committee,
when the question was up upon striking out the
first section, stated as one of the lending objec-
tions, that it would make it necessary to have all
his quarterly accounts furnished to the Depart-
ment, and to be there examined and passed upon
by the Department. I hold that if this section
is retained with the amendments proposed by
me, it will accomplish both the objects which,
evidently, the committee wished to accomplish.
It will effectually prevent the postmaster from
keeping back any of the money that belongs to
the Department; and, in the second place, it will
do away with the necessity of making returns to
the Department of the moneys received not only
for business, but for the newspapers included in
the section which has been stricken from the bill.
The amendment that I propose provides that
all moneys for unpaid postage, which will include
the newspaper?, shall be paid in postage stamps.
The committee were right, so far as that section
went, in deciding that it gave no protection. A man
goes into a post office and pays his postage stamps,
and the postmaster receives them as so much
money, and he may sell them again and may put
the money into his pocket. But the amendment
which I have proposed says that he shall, in the
presence of the party paying him those stamps,
canccl and destroy them. It may be objected that
it will be neglected, that it will not be done, or
that there will be some trouble in doing it, but I
hold that it will not be neglected. When it is
made the duty of the postmaster, (and it will soon
be known to every man, woman, and child in the
land that it is his duty,) when any stamps are
paid him for any of these purposes, in their pres-
ence to cancel and deface those stamps, he will do
it. I think, perhaps, it would be well to add a
penalty to this section, providing that ifhe shall
fail to do it, a penalty shall be inflicted on him for
not doing it. *
I think I am understood. If I am, that is all I
wish to say on the subject. 1 believe the amend-
ment will accomplish the whole view that the
committee had in mind when they drew the bill,
and will also remove the objections stated by the
chairman of the committee upon the proposition
to strike out the first section.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think I need add noth-
ing to what I have heretofore said on this aubjcct.
It is said that we shall have some security if we
provide that the postmaster shall take these post-
age stamps and cancel them in the presence of the
persons who pay them; but, sir, what security
have we that those persons will stay there ? They
are not bound to stay there, and there is no way
to keep them there.
Mr. FARWELL. It is usual, when a postmas-
ter takes money for box rents, to give a receipt,
and the person waits for it though he is under no
necessity to do so; andjf the law provides that he
shall cancel these stamps in the presence of the
person who pays them, they will be likely to stay
there and see it done.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no law requiring
tho person to stay there when he pays box rent
until he gets a receipt, and in all probability he
goes away and caies nothing about a receipt.
The great probability is that the person who pays
the postage stamps will go right away without
waiting to see whether the stamps are canceled
or not. He does not care anything about that.
The Senator says that if the postmaster is bound
to cancel them he will do it; but suppose he does
not, there is no possible way of knowing who you
are to call on for evidence. The Department are
not informed who paid them in. They do not
know who were present when they were canceled,
and never can know. There is no way to call
upon these persons, over whom we have no con-
trol and no knowledge, whom we cannot tell any-
thing about. If they are obliged to pay in postage
stamps, you will still have to trust to the post-
master's accounts; you will still have to trust to
his integrity entirely. You may as well trust him
by having him render his accounts as by having
him cancel the stamps.
Mr. CONNESS. I was unfortunate in not
hearing the first part of the remarks made by the
chairman of the committee, but I will state this
as aft apparent objection to the amendment: the
persons sent to the post offices to do bu&iness are
frequently servants and children. What is their
testimony worth in regard to the cancellation of
the stamps? No cancellation made in their pres-
ence can amount to a check. Nothing can be a
<iheck that is not a matter of record between the
officer who does the business and the Depart-
ment. It is there that checks can occur; but
nothing that can be done, or be required to be done,
in the presence of a third party can amount to a
check
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmentto the first section before the
question is taken on striking it out.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made in
Committee of the W hole, striking out the fust sec-
tion.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
