1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
I ask him whether the Senate of the United States
did not recognize the present State organization
of Arkansas when they confirmed the appoint-
ments made by the rresident of- district judges,
district attorneys, and United States marshals
within that State under this organization.
Mr- DAVIS. My proposition in relation to
Arkansas was that Arkansas still occupied the
position in relation to the Government of the
United States in which the proclamations of the
President and the acts of Congress placed her;
that by them she was declared to be in a state of
insurrection; and to remove her from that condi-
tion, and from all the consequences dependent
on that condition, the same authority must form-
ally declare that she is not in a state of insur-
rection, must declare formally that she is in such
a position as to show that she is in amity with
the United States Government, and therefore en-
titled to be treated as a State in the Union.
I deny that any such action as that has taken
place; 1 therefore treat the State of Arkansas as
a State in rebellion. I do it upon the authority
of the President's proclamation; I do it upon the
authority of the acts of Congress; I do it upon
the authority of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and I will 'proceed to read a few passages
from the decision of that court. As I said, my
own opinion had been that a civil war was to be
treated, not by the laws of nations, but by the
Constitution of the United States; that it was a
domestic trouble; that those who were engaged
in making the civil war and resisting the execu-
tion of the la vs and the just authority of the Uni-
ted States were criminals under the civil law,
and were liable so to be treated,and to be treated
in no other relation. But the Supreme Court has
decided dtfferently; has decided that when the civil
war is recognized by the appropriate authorities of
the United States Goverment, the immediate con-
sequences and effects arc to give to the United
States all of the powers of a belligerent when there
is war pending between independent nations, in
this war to put down the rebellion. What says
Mr. Justice Nelson ? He gives a summary of the
consequences attendant upon thecondition of war.
He says:
"The legal consequences resulting from a state of war
■between two countries at tins day are well understood,
, and will be found described in every approved work on the
subject ofintematlonal law. The people of the twocoun-
tries become immediately the enemies of each other—all
intercourse, commercial or otherwise, between them un-
lawful—$11 contracts existing at tbe commencement of the
war suspended, and all made during its existence utterly
void. The insurance of enemies' property, the drawing
of bills of exchange or purchase on the enemies' coun-
try, the remission of bills or money to it, are illegal and
void. Existing partnerships between citizens or subjects
of the two countries are dissolved, and, in fine, interdic-
tion of trade and intercourse, direct or indirect, is absolute
and complete by the mere force and effect of war itself.
All the pioperty ofthe people ofthe two countries on land
or sea is subject to capture and confiscation by the ad-
verse paityas enemies piopeity, with certain qualifica-
tions as it respects propeity on land. (Brown vs. United
States,8Cranch,110.) All treaties between the belligerent
parties are annulled. The ports of the re>pective countries
may be blockaded, and letters of marque and reprisal
granted as rights of war, and the law of prizes* as defined
by the law ot nations comes into full and complete opera-
tion, resulting fiom maritime captures, jure belli. War
also effects a change in the mutual relations of all States
or countries, not diiectly, as m the case of the belligerents,
but immediately and indirectly, though they take no part
in the contest, but lemain neutral."
I will now read an extract from the opinion of
the court, delivered by Mr. Justice Grier:
" Under the very peculiar Constitution of this Govern-
ment, although the citizens owe supreme allegiance to tbe
'Federal Government, they owe also a qualified allegiance
to the State in which they were domiciled. Their persons
and pioperty are subject to its laws.
tl Hence, in oiganizinsj this rebellion, they have acted as
States claiming to be sovereign over all persons and prop-
erty within their respective limits, and asseitmga right to
absolve their'citizcns from their allegiance to the Federal
Government. Several of these States have combined to
form a new confederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by
the world as a sovereign State. Their right to do so is now
being decided by wager of battle. The ports and teiritory
of each ot these States are held in hostility to the General
Government. It is rio loose, unorganized insurrection, hav-
ing no defined boundary or possession. It has aboundaiy
marked by lines of bayonets, and which can be crossed
only by force—south of this line is enemies' teriitoiy, be-
cause it is claimed and held in possession by an organized,
hostile, and belllgeient power.
" All persons residing within this? territory whose prop-
erty may be used to increase the revenues of the hostile
power are, in this contest, liable to be treated as enemies,
though not foreigners. They have cast off their allegiance
and made war-on their Government, and are none the less
enemies because they are'traitors." '
Here are the consequences of this state of war
between the insurgent States and the United States
Government clearly and distinctly stated by both
of the Justices who gave opinions in the-case.
They both concur in the position that from the
time the Congress of the United States recognized
this war by approving; and confirming the proc-
lamations of the President, all the rights of bel-
ligerents, with all the consequences that result to
the belligerents from a state of war, arose and in-
hered to both of the parties to it, and particularly
to the United States Government; that every dis-
ability of an alien enemy which is declared by the
law of nations and which is recognized in every
civilized country, and which has been repeatedly
recognized by the Supreme Court, applies to every
citizen resident in the State of Arkansas; that he
is an alien enemy, that all the property he pos-
sesses, whether in or out of the State, is liable to
be seized and confiscated by the United States
Government; thatanycontracthe may make with
a citizen of the United States, while that state of
things exists, is void; in short that every disability
which belongs to an alien enemy fixes itself upon
him and inheres to him until his condition is
changed from that of an alien enemy to that of a
friend and a citizen of the United States. If this
Mr. Snow, or Mr. Fishback, or any other citizen
of the State of Arkansas, wished to avert these
consequences, there was a plain and simple mode
of doing it. it was contemporaneously with the
insurrection and with the pronunciation of the act
of secession to have left the seceding State and
to have come within some of the friendly States
of the United States. Their electing to continue
and reside in that State after it was declared by
the proper authorities of the United States to be
in a state of rebellion and war against the United
States made them alien enemies, and every con-
sequence, every disability, that can fall upon an
alien enemy fell upon them inexorably.
If Mr. Snow had a debt due him in the loyal
States and was to sue for it in any of our courts,
his suit would be defeated by a plea that he was
an alien enemy and by proof of the facts which I
have here recounted, if after this became the
condition of Arkansas he made a contract with
any citizen ofthe loyal States, that contract would
be proscribed by the law of nations, one of its
principles declaring such a contract to be utterly
null and void. If he were to sue in the State of
Kentucky, or any other loyal Stater upon such a
contract as that, the only defense necessary to de-
feat his suit would be to allege and to prove that
he was an alien enemy at the time the contract
was made. When he cannot sue in one of our
courts, when he cannot make a contract with one
of our loyal people, when all the property he
owns upon which our Government can lay harfds
is liable to be seized and confiscated for the benefit
of the Government, and he forfeits it under the
law of nations as an alien enemy, how much
stronger is the case against him when he applies
in the Senate of the United States and asks to be
admitted as a Senator upon this floor !
Sir, this question was decided substantially at
the last Congress by the Senate, and with great
unanimity, Mr. Fishback and Mr. Baxter ap-
peared here representing themselves to be Sen-
ators from the State of Arkansas, and asked to
be admitted to seats in the Senate of the United
States as members of the body representing that
State. Their credentials were so far received as
to be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that committee considered the case deliber-
ately and made a report upon it. I will read the
resolution which they recommended the Senate
to pass:
" Mr. Trumbui^., from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom were referred the credentials of Hon. William
M. Fishback and Hon. Elisha Baxter, elected Senators of
the United States by the Legislature of the State of Arkan-
sas, feubmstted a report (No. 94) accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution:
"Resolved, That William M. Fishback and Elisha Bax-
ter are not entitled to seats as Senators from tiie State of
Arkansas."
That was on the 27th of Jane,1864. Afterward
the subject was called up, TheSenator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] moved to postpone it in order to take
up the reconstruction bill, so called; but the mo-
tion was not agreed to—yeas 5, nays 28. Then,
u On the question to agree to the resolution,
" it was deteimined in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 6.
" On motion by Mr. Trumbull,
"The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of the
Senators present,~
tl Those who voted in the affirmatJve ajre^Meesrs.- An-
thony, Brown, Buckaie w, Carlile, Chandler, Clark,Cowap,
Davis, Fe^enden, Foot, Poster, Hale, Harlan, Harris, l&c-
Dougall, Morgan, Morrill, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, TiumbuJI, Wade, sfail
Wilkinson.
"Those who voted in the negative are—Messrs:. DooUt-
tle, Hicks, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Nesriiith, and P'oriie-
roy." " •
So it was decided against the right of thole
claimants to a seat by a vote of 27 to 6.' ShMl
this judgment of the Senate remain unreversed,
undisturbed? What reason is there to agitate
the question again? Shall not the solemn judg-
ment of the Senate in relation to this matter re-
main undisturbed? I understand that the term
for which Mr. Fishback was elected has expired,
and that Mr. Snow presents himself as his suc-
cessor, elected by the same Legislature, and'un-
der the same state of fact in relation to the con-
dition of Arkansas and of its government to the
Government of the United States as-existed at
the time Mr. Fishback was elected. The Senate
rendered itsjudgmentagainst Mr. Fishback. Mr.
Snow does -not occupy even as good a position as
if he came pendente lite. The case has been liti-
gated,the cause has been adjudged,and the judg-
ment of the last and proper tribunal was against
him. Why, then, does Mr. Snow appear here
claiming precisely the same seat under the same
state ot facts and of law which Mr. Fishback
claimed when his claim was rejected by that de-
cided vote of the Senate—21 to 6?
It seems to mc that if the Senate would avoid
the absurdity of admitting to a seat in its o&n
body a gentleman—whether it be a fact or not, it
is so in law—who occupies the position of an alien
enemy to our Government, this motion that is
made for Mr. Snow to qualify as a member of
this body must be rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,'(Mr. Foot.>
The question is on receiving the paper presented
as credentials, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With a view of re-
ferring the credentials to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not be committed
as to the view with which they are received, but
I do not see upon what principle we can refuse
to receive the credentials. We receive petitions,
we receive any paper coming from a respectable
source here, and I really think that the Senate
would not be justified in refusing to receive the
papers. But I shall not feel committed by their
reception to anycourseof action; I trust the Sen-
ate will receive them.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there are three
courses that are open to the Senate in regard to
these credentials. One is to refuse to receive
them; another is to receive them and lay them on
the table; and the third is to receive them and refer
them to the committee. For myself, I am free to1
say that 1 am comparatively indifferent as to the
course which the Senate shall take. AH things
considered, taking into view v^hat is past, there
are reasons in favor of refusing to receive; but
there are also other reasons in favor of receiving
and laying; on the table, or referring to a commit-
tee. Amimo; the reasons in favor of refusing to
receive I cor.^der that one is this: it is our duty
in this crisis of the country, when the demands
on our Treasury are so great, not needlessly to
expose that, Treasury to any additional drafts.
It is notorious that when such claimants present
themselves here, how little soever may bo their
claim, they very soon (through some next friend,
like the S<'no tor from Kansas) appear with a claim
on the Treasury in the shape of a demand for
compensation and mileage, which in the case of
the Senator from Arkansas is a considerable
sum.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I can remind the
Senator of one case that was not followed by an
application for mileage. My credentials in 1856
were received by a pro-slavery Democratic Sen-
ate, and it was not followed by an application for
mileage.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator we all know to
be an honorable man, and we all know that at that
time he represented a great cause. That cause,
I remember well, did not suffer in his hands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make one
remark here. That cause originated and gave
strength and majority to the Republican party
