1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
reference to which I would care to enforce a rigid
economy. 1 believe if there is a Department in
which the people generally feel a deep interest, it
is this Agricultural Department, and I believe that
I would be willing to vote for an appropriation
that would cover double the number of volumes
if 1 had any faith in the proper distribution of the
books themselves. It strikes me, in the short ex-
perience I have had here and with that Depart-
ment, that the discretion lodged with the Com-
missionerof Agriculture is entirely too large; and
that it results in favoritism. I believe that it is a
discretion in the wrong direction, and that it does
more harm than good.
Why, sir, I have not been able at the present
session oven to get one paper of sorghum seed,
though I understand that there are other gentle-
men upon this floor who can command baskets
full. If these appropriations are to be made, if
these books are to be printed, if these seeds are
to be imported, 1 claim that they should be dis-
tributed upon some basis which will deal a greater
equality than grows out of the discretion of the
Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I understand
that thii ty-two thousand copies of this Agricultu-
ral Report have been printed, and that of that
number seventeen thousand copies have been
given to the Departmentof Agriculture, and only
Eve thousand copies to the members of this House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not understand that
seventeen thousand copies of the Report for 1863
have been sent to the Commissioner on Agricul-
ture.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield any further. I wish to say that I am not
aware any of the representations made in regard
to the distribution of those books are true, or
wheiher there is any foundation for them. If the
statements of the letter which has been read be
correct, and I have no doubt that they are, it is
very plain that a great many copies are needed by
the Department. We lodge the same discretion
in the heads of other Departments in regard to
their reports, such as the Patent Office report. I
do not propose to argue the question, and I now
call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to make a statement.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts says that he doubts
the statements which have been made. Now I
wish to indorse the statement made by my col-
league of the injustice of the distribution of these
books.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, oflllinois. I am willing
to withdraw my motion to hear the gentleman.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I insist
on my demand for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The state-
ment of my colleague is true, for the distribution
by the Commissioner has been fraudulent so far as
my district is concerned.
The House divided on Mr. Washburne's mo-
tion, arid there were—ayes 78, noes 3D.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
laid on the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john a. m'closkey.
On motion of Mr. A. MYERS, the Committee
of Ways and Means were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John A.
McCloskey; and the same was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk inform the Senate that this
Hou-je now ready to receive tiiai body for the purpose of
proceeding to open and count the votes of the elector* of
the several States for President and Vice President of the
United States.
ADMISSION OF LADIES TO TIIE HALL.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon the request of many
members, I desire to move, as there are many la-
dies who cannot find accommodations m the gal-
leries, that the wives and families of members of
Congress have the privilege of coming into the
cloak-rooms of the House.
Mr. GANSON. I suggest to the gentleman
that he include all ladies.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rose for the purpose of
making the same suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. HARRINGTON and others objected.
SUPPLY OF WATER ON CAPITOL HILL.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to iuquire whether any legation is
necessary to prevent the drawing off of the water from the
Washington aqueduct so as to pi event thefiee use of it on
the main floor of the Capitol and in the dwelhng-honseson
Capitol Hill, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Retolerrf, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiueted to inquire whether the piesent laws relating to
interna} revenue are sufficient to insure thoiough and cor-
rect assessments of propeity and incomes, and whether
lurther legislation is necessary to secure that end, and re-
port by lull or otherwise.
ASSIGNMENT OF SEATS FOR SENATORS.
The SPEAKER. By the amended joint rules
of the two Houses, adopted by concurrent reso-
lution, the seats upon the right of the Chair are
to be reset ved for Senators when they enter the
Hall. The seats between the first aisle and the
southern part of the Hall will be reserved for that
purpose. Members occupying those seats will
be kind enough to obtain some other seats, to be
ready for Senators when they arrive.
JUVENILE OFFENDERS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, a bill
providing for the confinement of juvenile offend-
ers against the laws of the United States in houses
of refuge.
The bill directs that juvenile offenders against
the laws of the United States, being under the
age of sixteen years, and who may hereafter be
convicted of crime by any court of the United
States, the punishment whereof shall be impris-
onment, shall be confined during the term of sen-
tence in some house of refuge to be designated by
the Secretary of the Interior, and shall be trans-
ported and delivered to the warden or keeper of
such house of icfuge by the marshal of the dis-
trict where such conviction shall have occurred;
or if such conviction be had in the District of
Columbia, then and in such case the transporta-
tion and delivery shall be by the warden of the
jail of said District, and the reasonable actual ex-
pense of the transportation, necessary subsistence
and hire, and transportation of assistants and the
marshal or waiden only, shall be paid by the Sec-
retary of the Interior out of the judiciary fund.
The bill further provides that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to contract
with the managers or persons having control of
such houses of refuge for the imprisonment, sub-
sistence, and proper employment of all such ju-
venile offenders, and to give the several courts of
the (jnited Stales and of the District of Columbia
notice of the places so provided for the confine-
ment of said offenders; and such offenders shall
be sentenced to confinement in the house of refuge
nearest the place of conviction so designated by
the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Will it be in order to
move to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the gentleman
from phio that this bill relates not only to the
District of Columbia but to all the United States.
It is a general Lull. It has been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and is now reported
back with the approval of that committee. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it wasac-
cordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN PEACE SENTIMENTS.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Revolved, That we hail with profound emotions of satis-
faction the disposition of the southern people to submit the
questions that have so long drenched our land in blood to
the arbitrament of reason rather than the sword ; and we
pledge our earnest efforts to sustain all measures looking
to a settlement that an honorable Government, seeking to
sustain its integrity, can offer.
Mr. GRINNELL objected.
ADMISSION OF LADIES TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. COX. I move that ladies who wish to
have a place on the floor of the Hall be admitted
by the Doorkeeper.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I object, and demand
the regular order of business.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 602)
to guaranty to certain States, whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, a republican
form of government; and upon that question the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I hardly think the House would
desire to have that bill taken up just now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will give way, I will move to postpone it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to take a recess
until the arrival of the Senate, the hour of one
o'clock having neaily arrived.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to take a recess.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, if it is the desire
of the Ilouwe that I shall occupy its time 
Mr. STEELE, of New Yoi k. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to yield to me for one
moment. I want to make a request of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
SESSIONS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that the Committee
for the District of Columbia have leave to sit
during the sessions of the House.
No objection was made, and the leave "was
granted.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask leave that the
Committee on Enrolled Bills may sit during the
sessions of the House.
No objection was made, and the leave was
granted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that the Committee
on Military Affairs have leave to sit during the
sessions of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 will not object if the same
privilege be extended to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York object ?
Mr. BROOKS. No, I will except this partic-
ular case.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that there
is any special reason for it. We have already
had that leave granted us.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the impres-
sion that the privilege was granted only during
the last session.
No objection being made, the leave asked for
by Mr. Garfield was granted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
TONNAGE OF VESSELS.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill requiring ship-owners to make an-
nual returns of the tonnage of vessels; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
WILLIAM li. CUTTER.
On motion of Mr. WARD, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the flies of the House of the papers in the case
of William B. Cutter.
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I rise to a question of
privilege. The rules require that no one except
membeis shali be allowed inside the bar of the
House. I have objected to admitting outsiders,
