THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
but.there are some upon this floor who have been
admitted by the negro barber through a window.
I ask that ail except members be required to re-
tire.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
other persons besides members are entitled to the
privilege of the floor.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I ask, then, that all
except those who are entitled to the privilege of
the floor by the rules of the House be required to
withdraw.
, The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
insists that all those who are not privileged shall
retire.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move that
those now upon the floor may remain?
The SPEAKER. It would require unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I will move a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The rules can only be sus-
pended on Monday after the morning hour.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. I do not understand
that the ante-rooms are within the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. They are not.
Mr. COLE, of California. I would inquire if
members of the Electoral College are not enti-
tled to the privilege of the floor upon this occa-
sion >
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notknow of
any rule which entitles them to the floor. They
might be permitted to remain by courtesy, but
the Chair can give no order on the subject.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move that they be
permitted to occupy places on the floor.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unani-
mous consent.
No objection was made.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN ARIZONA.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, reported
a bill to provide! for the settlement of private land
claims in the Territory of Arizona; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to the
committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 would inquire what the
regular order of business is at this hour, [one
o'clock, p. m.,J under the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. Until the Senate arrives, the
bill in regard to reconstruction is in order, upon
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Have not the House fixed
that they will proceed at this hour to count the
electoral votes ?
The SPEAKER. They have; but the Senate
has not yet come.
Mr. DAWES. Before we proceed with the
regular order, 1 desire to move that the evening
session for this evening be dispensed with, anil I
would like to submit a few remarks upon that
subjcct.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
his remarks.
COUNTING tub ELECTORAL VOTES.
At five minutes past one o'clock, p. m., the
Dooikeeper announced the Senate of the United
States.
The Senate entered the Hall, preceded by its
Sergeant-at-Arms and headed by the Vice Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Senate, the mem-
bers and officers of the House rising to receive
them. The Senators took the seats set apart for
them in the eastern section of the Hall.
The VICE PRESIDENT took his seatas Pre-
siding Officer of the joint convention of the two
Houses, the Speaker occupying a chairon the left
of the Vice President.
Senator Trumbull, the teller appointed on the
part of the Senate, and Messrs. Wilson and Daw-
son, the two tellers appointed on the part of the
House, took their seats at the Clerk's desk, at
which the Secretary of the Senate and the Cleric
of the House also occupied seats; two of the
clerks of the Senate occupying seats at the re-
porters' desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate and
House of Representatives having met under the
provisions of the Constitution for the purpose of
opening, detei mining, and declaring the votes for
the offices of President and Vice President of the
United States for the term of four years com-
mencing on the 4th of March next, and it being
my duty, in the presence of both Houses thus
convened, to open the votes, I now proceed to
discharge that duty.
The Vice President then proceeded to open and
hand to the tellers the votes of the several States
for President and Vice President of the United
States, commencing with the State of Maine.
Senator TRUMBULL, one of the tellers, read
in full the certificate of the vote of the State of
Maine, giving seven votes for Abraham Lincoln,
of Illinois, for President of the United States, and
seven votes for Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee,
for Vice-President of the United States.
Senator WADE. Mr. President, I move to dis-
pense with the reading of everything in the certifi-
cate except the result of the vote.
Mr. COX. Mr. President, I believe that it is
not competent for this joint convention to have
any motion submitted, but I suggest, as General
Cass suggested in 1857, that only the result of
the votes shall be announced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done,
as suggested. The Chair does not think that it
is within his power to receive the motion, unless
the Senator from Ohio desire that the Senate shall
separate in order to pass upon the question.
Senator WADE. I do not propose any such
thing. I believe we may dispense with the read-
ing of all but the results.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
therefore, if there be no objection, direct the re-
sults of the returns only to be read. The tellers
will now read the results of the vote of the State
of New Hampshire.
The tellers reported, through Senator Trum-
bull, that they had examined the vote of the State
of New Hampshire, that they found it in due form,
that all the votes given for President of the Uni-
ted States were five, all which were for Abraham
Lincoln, of the State of Illinois; and that all the
votes given for Vice President of the United
States were five, all of which were for Andrew
Johnson, of the State of Tennessee.
The same form was observed in announcing the
votes of the other States.
The tellers having read, through Mr. Wilson,
the certificate from the State of Nevada, showing
that two votes had been given for Abraham Lin-
coln, of Illinois, for President, and two votes for
Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, for Vice Presi-
President,
The VICE PRESIDENT said: The Chair will
state to the convention that the messenger who
bore the returns from the State of Nevada com-
municated the fact that the third elector did not
appear when the vote was taken. The State hav-
ing been but recently admitted into the Union, had
no law by which the vacancy could be filled; and
consequently but two votes were given for Presi-
dent and Vice President.
The vote of the State of Nevada having been
recorded,
Senator COWAN said: Mr. President, I in-
quire whether there are any further returns to be
counted,
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are not.
Senator COWAN. And if there be, I would
inquire why they are not submitted to this body
in joint convention, which is alone capable of de-
termining whether they should be counted or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has in
his possession returns from the States of Lou-
isiana and Tennessee, but in obedience to the law
of the land the Chair holds it to be his duty not
to present them to the convention.
Senator COWAN. I ask whether the joint
resolution on that subject has become a law by
having received the approval of the President of
the United States?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair believes
that the official communication of its approval by
the President has not been received by either
House. The Chair, however, has been apprised
of the fact that the joint resolution has received
the approval of the President.
Senator COWAN. Then, as a motion is not
in order in this body, I suggest that the votes of
Louisiana and Tennessee be counted, and that
this convention determine the fact.
Mr. COX. I suggest the reading of the joint
resolution by which our action is to be determ-
ined, I
The VICE PRESIDENT,. The Secretary will I
read the joint resolution under which the House
and Senate are now acting.
The Secretary of the Senate then read, as fol-
lows:
itooiuerf by the Senate, (ihe House of Representatives
concurring therein,) That the following be added to the
joint rules of the two Houses, namely :
The two Houses shall assemble in the Hall of the Hou^o
of Representatives at the hour of one o'clock, p. m , on the
second Wednesday in February next succeeding the meet-
ing of the electors of President and Vice President of the
United States, and the President of the Senate shall be their
Presiding Officer. One teller shall be appointed on the part of
the Senate and two on the pari of the House of Repiesetita-
tives, to whom shall be handed, as they are opened by the
President of the Senate, the certificates of the electoral
votes; and said tellers having read the same in the presence
and hearing of the two Houses thus assembled, shall make
a list of the votes as they shall appear from the said certifi-
cates; and the votes having been counted, the result of the
same shall be delivered to the President ot the Senate, who
•shall thereupon announce the state of the vote and the
names of the persons, if any, elected, which announcement
shall be deemed a sufficient declaration ot the persons elected
President and Vice President of the United States, and, to-
gether with the list of the votes, be entered on the Journals
of the two Houses.
If, upon the reading of any such certificate by the tellers,
any question shall arise in regard to counting the votes
therein certified, thesame having been stated by the Presid-
ing Officer, the Senate shall thereupon withdraw, and said
question shall be submitted to that body for its decision ;
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall in
like manner submit said question to the House of Represent-
atives for ltd decision; and no question shall be decided
affirmatively, and no vote objected to shall be counted, ex-
cept by the concurrent votes of the two Houses, which being
obtained, the two Houses shall immediately reassemble,
and the Presiding Officer shall then announce the decision
of the question submitted; and upon any such question
there shall be no debate in either House. And any other
question pertinent to the object for which the two Houses
are a&sembled may be submitted and determined in like
manner.
At such joint meeting of the two Houses seats shall be
provided as follows: for the President of the Senate, the
Speaker's chair; for the Speaker, a chair immediately upon
his left; lor Senators, in the body of the Hall upon the right
of the Presiding Officer; for the Representatives, in the
body of the Hall not occupied by the Senators; for the tell-
ers, Secretary of the Senate, and Cleik of the House of
Representatives, at the Clerk's desk ; for the other officers
of the two Houses, m front of the Clerk's desk and upon
either side of the Speaker's platform.
Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until the clee-
toiul votes are all counted and the result declared, and no
reces-^hdil be taken unless a question shall have arisen
in legani to the counting of any such votes, m which case
it shall he competent foi cithet House,acting sepaidtcly in
the manner herembetoie provided, to direct a recess not
beyond the next day at the hour of one o'clock, p. m,
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think any question
has aiisen which requires the two Houses to sep-
arate. That, accoiding to the wording of the
joint resolution, can only be upon the reading of
the returns which have been opened by the Pies-
ident of the convention.
Senator COWAN. I merely wish to say that,
believing as 1 do that it rests with this joint con-
vention, in its joint capacity, to determine ail
questions which ought to arise here, I have done
what I have thought to be my duty in bringing
to the attention of the convention the question
which I have raised. Having done so, I now beg
leave to withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] as making any distinct motion, but merely
a simple suggestion.
Senator COWAN. I understood that no mo-
tion could be entertained in this convention.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Motions can he
entertained upon any matters pertinent to the pur-
pose for which the convention has assembled.
The decision of those motions must be determ-
ined by the two Houses separately, after the Sen-
ate shall have withdrawn from the convention.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. President, if it requires
a distinct motion to determine thequestion, I will
move that all the returns*before this joint conven-
tion beopened and presented for its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the opinion that the motion of the member from
Kentucky [Mr. Yeaman] is in order, being perti-
nent to the object for which the House and Sen-
ate have assembled in joint convention. The
member will reduce his motion to writing, so that
the precise question shall be in possession of the
Senate when it shall retire for the determination
of the question presented for the consideration of
the convention.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to inquire whether a
second proposition, one in regard to the counting
of the votes, can be entertained before the two
Houses shall separate. If so I desire to move
