I4E6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
gation and report, it'cannot be otherwise than
advantageous to thecountry. I understand that
many questions in connection with the oxidation
of iron, and questions connected with metals that
are used in the Army and Navy, have been re-
ferred to this Academy, and that some of the most
scientific experts, members of it, have made re-
ports. It is very desirable that they should be
published. Therefore, although I may vote
against the payment of the publication from the
contingent fund, I do not wish it to be understood
that I am precluded by that vote from voting for
the publication of these documents upon some
other occasion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 14; as follows:
YEAf5—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle,
'Sprague, Sumner, Van Winfrle, Williams, and Wilson—17.
NAY'S—Messrs. Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Henderson,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Slier-
man, Trumbull, Wade, Willev, and Wiight—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Iluekalew, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Ilailan, Ilen-
drick*, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, McDougali, Nor-
ton, Suulsbuiy, Stewart, and Yates—18.
So the resolution was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith] be excused
from further attendance during this session. He
is called away by pressing business.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred a
resolution to print three thousand additional cop-
ies of the report of the Committee on Indian Af-
iuirs in relation to Indian affairs in the British
North American provinces, to make an adverse
report.
The report was concurred in, and the resol
tion rejected.
* MILEAGB TO CLAIMANTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
for consideration the resolution allowing mileage
to the claimants for seats from Arkansas and
Louisiana.
The question being put, it was declared that
the motion appeared to be negatived.
JUr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 ask for the reading
of the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Jit-solved, That the Socretaiy be inducted to pay out of
the contingent Ann! of the Senate the usual mileage to
Elihlia lJiutor, William M. Fishhack, and William D.
Bnow, iobjectively, as claimants lor seats in the Senate
from Arlvin^as. and Chailes Suutli and K. King Cutler, re-
Kpeeuvoly, as claimants for seats in the Senate from Lou-
isiana at the -ecund session of the la&t Congicw.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This resolu-
tion was icfiTred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
and that committee asked (<> bo discharged from
its furtherconsidcration. The motion is that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of this
resolution nnd report.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senate that the resolution is in the usual form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of taking;
up the resolution, because I am willing to adopt
some kind of a resolution, but not such a one as
this is. I am willing to consider it. I think there j
are reasons why the Senate should take some ac-
tion in refeience to the matter, and therefore I
shall vote to take it up. 1 think it is worthy of
being acted upon. The committee have reported
it back and asked to be discharged from it, and if it !
conies up \ shall make a brief statement in regard
to nindicating my own course on the subject. I
hope the Senate will consent to take it up, and then
make such disposition of it as the Senate may think
proper, ltmiot exactly appropriate on a motion
to take up to discuss the measure.
Mr. WADE. We do not want the yeas and
nays on taking up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no occasion for tak-
ing tho vote by yeas and nays. I trust the Sen-
ate will allow it to come up.
Mr. LA1NE, of Kansas. The Chair decided
the vote was in the negative, and that was the
reason why I called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can have a division.
I suppose there will not be much objection to tak-
ingit up.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am willing to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call can
be withdrawn by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and the call is withdrawn.
The question now is on proceeding to the con-
sideration of this resolution and report.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not going to oppose
taking up this resolution if the Senate sees fit to
do it, but I content myself at this stage by calling
the attention of the Senate to the draft which it is
proposed to make on the contingent fund, namely,
$9,600; and should the resolution be taken up for
discussion, I shall deem it my duty to show from
the record at some length that at least one of these
persons whom it is now proposed to pay out of
the contingent funds of the Senate, was an avowed
secessionist, committed again and again to the
cause of the rebellion, so that he could not have
taken the oath required of every Senator without
perjury.
Mr/LANE, of Kansas. I cannot allow that
remark to be made. It is not true. Mr. Fish-
back is known to me, and I state here as a Sena-
tor that he has been a radical Republican before
the commencement of this rebellion and to this
moment, and opposed in every possible way the
ordinance of secession until compelled to vote for
it to save his own life; and I deem it a sufficient
answer to the Senator from Massachusetts to state
that the Senate last session paid Mr. Fishback
the mileage that heisnowaskingfor this session.
The Senator from Massachusetts has just voted,
I believe, a draft of a similar amount upon the
ingent fund for a book. I am not a Senator
proposes to do wrong to save a little money,
f it is right to pay these Senators I want to have
them paid.
The question was again put on taking up the
resolution and report, and the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to the resolu-
tion I cannot see any sort of claim which the Sen-
ators from Arkansas have to mileage. The Sen-
ate at the first session of the last Congress took
up the case of Mr. Fishback and Mr. Baxter,
claiming seats from Arkansas; that matter was
investigated then, and the Senate, by a very em-
phatic vote, decided that they were not entitled
to seats. After that decision, I myself offered a
resolution to pay them the usual mileage for their
attendance; they had some kind of a claim; and
1 thought it was proper, in accordance with what
had been a custom in Congress where parties had
a shadow of a claim to a seat, though it was re-
jected, to pay them something; and I was in fa-
vor of paying them the usual mileage paid to Sen-
ators. That resolution passed. All that occurred
a year ago. After it had been decided by the
Senate that Messrs. Fishback and Baxter were
not entitled to seats, with what face can they
come back, again claim seats and ask for mile-
age, without a new action ? And no new election
has taken place in their case. I will state further
to the Senator from Kansas that their credentials
were not re-presented at the last session. These
gentlemen were before the Senate at the last session
of Congress. It is now at this special session that
they have presented a claim again, and Mr. Fish-
back is out of o/hce, as I understand. They have
got three Senators here in this resolution claiming
mileage, Fishback, Baxter, and Snow; but the
term of one of them expired with the last session.
Really, I cannot think it would be proper to pay
mileage to these gentiemen under such circum-
stances.
But the Senators from Louisiana stand upon a
different footing. Theircredentials were presented
for the first time at'the last session of Congress.
Their case was referred with many other papers
to the Committee on the Judiciary; that commit-
tee took a good deal of time to examine the facts
in regard to the State organization in Louisiana,
and they made a written report in which they
neither decided that the Louisiana Senators were
or were not entitled to scats. The view of the
committee was that the State of Louisiana,
through its local authorities in 1861, having un-
dertaken to carry Louisiana out of the Union,
and having expelled from the State all the officers
who recognized the authority of the Government
of the United States, and having set up a govern-
ment of theirown in hostility to theUnited States-,
and Congress having by a law authorized the
President to declare the inhabitants of any State
which had attempted thus to throw off its alle-
giance to be in insurrection and rebellion*against
the United States, and the President having so
declared as to the inhabitants of Louisiana, that
State was not in a condition to send Senators here
until Congress, by some joint action of both
Houses, recognized an existing State government
there which had authority to elect Senators.
After investigating this case the committee came
to the conclusion that it was proper to recognize
the existing State government in Louisiana which
elected Mr. Cutler and Mr. Smith Senators, an.d
so reported to this body; but the Senate took no
definite action upon the report. The Senate, as
will be remembered by all who were members at
the last session, considered it to some extent; we
had a protracted session one night in regard to it,
but we came to no vote. Now, a standing com-
mittee of the Senate having, after investigation,
reported in favor of recognizing the State govern-
ment which had been set up in Louisiana, and
which elected these gentlemen to the Senate, their
admission here would have followed as a matter
of course if that action of the committee had been
sustained by the two Houses of Congress. I
think that presents such a case as would entitle
Mr. Smith and Mr. Cutler to their mileage for at-
tendance at the last session, and I am in favor of
paying it to them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. When the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary made the report on the
case of Louisiana, I asked him if that was to be
followed by a resolution for the recognition of the
State government from Arkansas. 1 understood
him to say that that was the contemplated action
to be taken by the Committee on the Judiciary.
It is known to that Senator that three fourths of
the Senate and I suppose the same number in the
House of Representatives were in favor of recog-
nizing the action of the Judiciary Committee.
Supposing that action had been taken on Arkan-
sas this session, that the State government of Ar-
kansas had been recognized by adopting the sug-
gestion of the Judiciary Committee, would not
Mr. Baxter and Mr. Fishback have been entitled
to their mileage although they had received their
mileage at a former session? If the resolution
had passed both branches of Congress, would
not Mr. Fishback and Mr. Baxter have bern en-
titled to rpileagc again? The reason I included
these gentlemen was this: the House of Repre-
sentatives, although it may not be strictly in order
to refer to the House, I understood paid mileage
at the last session to the members from Arkan-
sas, and at this session too, and I supposed the
Senate would not wantto actmore niggardly than
the House of Representatives acted with the mem-
bers elected from Arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say in replyto the
Senator from Kansas that unquestionably if Con-
gress had thought proper to recognize the State
government in Arkansas as the legitimate gov-
ernment of that State, the persons elected by the
Legislature of that State Senators would have
been admitted to seats, and then they would have
been entitled to compensation and mileage as
other membersof the Senate. Butwedidnot get
that far in regard to Arkansas. If Congress had
adopted the report of the Judiciary Committee
in regard to Louisiana, it would have settled the
principle, perhaps, upon which it would have
acted in reference to Arkansas.
Now, sir,although it is not necessary perhaps
in this connection,as I have never occupied any
of the time of the Senate in stating how the re-
port of the Judiciary Committee came to be
made, and as there seems to be a very great mis-
apprehension in the minds of some as to the
condition of things in Louisiana, I think it but
just and proper that I should state upsn this
occasion briefly why it was that the committee
came to the conclusion they did. They did not
do it inconsiderately, nor is the question without
its difficulties, but it is by no means that clear
case which the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
supposed, against the organization that was there
set up.
The convention which inaugurated the State
