670
THE CONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 9,
may be made by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and the order is made.
Mr. MORGAN. I also present a memorial of
merchants of the city of New York remonstrating
against the passage of the bill to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States. As that bill has been reported from the
committee, I move that this memorial lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial from the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, praying for
the establishment of a naval depot in the harbor
of Milwaukee; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Cyrus Leland, first lieutenant and regimental
quartermaster of the thirteenth regiment Kansas
volunteers, and acting assistant quartermaster at
Post Van Buren, Arkansas, praying relief from all
liability to the Government m consequence of the
capture of the Government train containing all
of his retained copies of returns, reports, books,
accounts, and the public property in his posses-
sion, by the enemy, at the battle of Marks's Mills,
near the Saline river, Arkansas, on the 25th of
April, 1864; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of officers
in the Army of the United States in the year
18G3, piaying a repeal of so much of the act of
Congress as makes them liable to pay a special
income tax of five per cent, on their pay as offi-
cers in the Army for that year; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
La<; La Belle to the Cliff mine, in Keweenaw
county, thence along the Mineral range to some
point on the JVIontieal liver; which weie referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further petitions or memorials to be presented,
reports from committees are in order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 ask the Senate at
this time by unanimous consent to take up a res-
olution reported by me from the Committee on
Agriculture. It will excite no discussion, 1 am
sure.
Mr. CONNESS. We adjourned last evening
with some business pending, and 1 hope that the
regular order will go on this morning until we
can take up and finish that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. When the Senator
hears my statement he will consent to the pas-
sage of the resolution. It is for the printing of
two thousand copies of the agricultural part of
the Census Report of 1860, for the use of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture. Time is important, for
unless the resolution is soon acted upon, the type
will be distributed.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to the
resolution, but 1 think it can wait yet a little
while. The type will not be distiibuted until
the morning hour is over, certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. • But when the morn-
ing hour is over I shall not be able to get it up.
The 1'llESlDEN1 r pro tempore. Is objection
made to the present consideiation of the resolu-
tion ?
^ Mr. LANE, of XOinsas. I withdraw the mo-
tion at present.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
424) to facilitate the collection of certain debts
due the United States, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 75)
declaring what States of the Union are entitled to
vote at the approaching presidential election, re-
ported it without amendment, and moved that it
be postponed indefinitely; which was agreed to.
Mr, VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 143) to facilitate the adjustment
of certain accounts of the American Coloniza- I
tion Society for the support of lecaptured Aln-1
cans in Liberia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a memorial
of the Legislature of Minnesota, reported a bill
(S. No. 432) to extend the time limited for the
completion of the railroads mentioned in the act
entitled "An act making a grant of land to the
Territory of Minnesota, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
Territory, and granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of Alabama to aid in the
construction of a certain railroad in said State,"
approved March 3, 1857; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 624) to provide for the payment of the value of
certain lands and improvements of certain citi-
zens, appropriated by the United States for In-
dian reservations, in the Territory of Washing-
ton, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Den-
nis Nolan, praying that he may be allowed to pur-
chase or lease a strip of land now occupied by him,
lying between the inclosureof the light-house and
the shore of Lake Michigan, in Michigan City,
Indiana, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 414) to authorize the
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad east-
ward to Ontonagon, in tiie State of Michigan, and
provide for its connection eastwaid with the Ohio,
Indiana, Michigan, and Canadian systems of
railroads at Port Huron, Detroit, Toledo, Fort
Wayne, and Dayton, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
the crier and bailiffs of the United Stated courts
in the District of Columbia, praying for an in-
crease of their pay, and back pay from January
1, 1863, to the present time, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Allairs and tlie Militia, to whom wasrefeired
a bill (S. No. 419) for the better organization of
the pay department of the United States Army,
reported it without amendment.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States communicating, m compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 13th ultimo, in-
formation in relation to the present condition of
Alexico and the ease of the Fiench war-ti ansport-
steamer Rhine; which was oideied to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
23d of January, 3865, information in relation to
contracts made by Hanson A. Risley, supervis-
ing special agent of the Treasuiy Department;
which was relerred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior transmitting a copy of a
report from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in relation to the balance due to claimants under
the third article of the treaty of September 10,
1853, with the Rogue river Indians, for property
destioyed by those Indians, and forimprovements
made by land claimants on the Indian reserve,
and recommending an appropriation of the sum
necessary to complete the payment of those claims;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the credentials
of Hon. Daniel S. Norton, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Minnesota a Senator from that State for
the term of six years, commencing on the 4th of
March, 1865; which were read, and oideied to be
placed on the files.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, askud, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 433) to extend the homestead act of May
20,1862, to settlers on lands reserved for railroad
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
434) more effectually to provide for the national
defense by establishing a uniform militia through-
out the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
435) to amend an act entitled <{ An act in addition to
the several acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and to
provide for the collection of captured and aban-
doned property, and the prevention of frauds in
States declared in insurrection," approved July
2, 1864; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY asked,arid by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
436) making a grant of lands to the Territories of
Dakota, Montana, and Idaho, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said Territories, to connect with the
railroad system of Minnesota and Iowa; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the followingcon-
curient resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration:
A concurrent resolution requesting the President of the
United States to transmit to the Executives of the seveial
United States the amendment proposed by Congress-to
the Constitution respecting the extinction of slavery
therein.
Resolved, ^c., That the President of the United States
be jeque^ted to transmit to tin? Executives of the several
Slates copies of the article ol amendment proposed by Con-
t>rct-s to be added to the Constitution of the United States
ie>pecting the extinction of slavery in the United Slates,
to ih<! end that if either of the said States may not have al-
ready aeted upon the *aid proposed amendment they may
ptoeecd to do so; and that he leqnest the Hxeeutive of
rach State which ha*> ratified or shall hereafter ratify Midi
amendment to transmit to ihe Secretary of State a certified
copy of Mich ratification.
This is a concurrent resolution, requiring but
one reading, 1 think. I ask for its present con-
sideration. 1 presume there will be no objection
to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the title of the reso-
lution should be amended. It says the " several
United States;" it should be the " several States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a copy of the res-
olution that was adopted in regard to the other
amendments, and if the Senator from Maryland
will have the first part of it read again he will
see, 1 think, that there is no objection to the
phraseology of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
title of the resolution again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The words several United
States" are surely wrong; 1 suppose it means
" spvpffll SffttfXl "
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was copied by the Sec-
retary, and I think copied from a former resolu-
tion. I have no objection to that change in the
phraseology.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is right in the resolution;
but wrong in the title. There is but one United
States.
The PRESIDENT;}™ tempore. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
SOLOMON WADSWORTH.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 431.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the ordinary morning
business will be gone through with before any
motion of this kind shall be entertained. Some four
or five mornings have pas-sed in which such mo-
tions have been made, cutting off the usual morn-
ing business before an opportunity for presenting
it was had. I desire to offer a resolution; and I
know there is a large quantity of business of the
usual character for the morning hour not yet pre-
sented.
