672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
gress authority hereafter, if it may be necessary,
to make a different arrangement in regard to tins
whole degree, sixty miles wide, perhaps three
or four hundred miles long, ft may be all right,
but I certainly think we have not the necessary
information to justify us in this sort of legislation.
I do not doubt that every word^he Senators have
stated is true,so far as they know; but they do
not pretend that they have explored this country,
or any considerable portion of it. I did not so
understand them.
Mr. WADE. I am surprised that this bill meets
with the opposition here that it does. Here are
a State and a Territory lying side by side. The
Mormon Territory, that will some .time be made
a State probably, will contain at least one third
more territory than Nevada if you leave the lat-
ter as it is now; butif you remove this boundary,
as the bill proposes, the two will be very nearly
equal in extent of territory. And yet it seems
even here that the Saints are preferred to the Gen-
tiles in the extent of territory they shall have.
The objection is that we do not know very much
about this territory. That may be true, but we
know as much about it as we do about any one
of the new States that we have admitted into the
Union for some considerable time past. We
know, in my judgment, much more about the
country that is covered by this bill than we do
about many portions of the State of Oregon and
perhaps of the State of California. Wedo know
that this is a mountainous region, that it is not
an agricultural country, and never can be very
thickly inhabited. We all know that. It is only
valuable for its mining interests; not much else.
The State will not be larger than the States we
have already organized West. It will not be as
large as Oregon; it will not be half as large as
California; it will not be much larger than any
of the extreme western States on this side of the
mountains, and it is a State that perhaps ought
to have boundaries larger than any of them when
we consider the nature of the soil, &c. I do not
wish to make an argument; I want to vote on it.
Mr. FAIIWELL. 1 did not wish to interfere
with this bill, and i feel called upon to explain
why I interfered. The objection I had was that
I had no faith or belief that Utah would ever be
admitted as a State into the Union with her pres-
ent population and institutions. We are about
getting rid of one unwholesome institution, and I
trust we shall not adopt another one that is full its
equal. I thought possibly it might be necessary
at a future time, for the arrangement of this whole
subject, that Congress should have jurisdiction
over this territory which it is now proposed to
annex to the State of Nevada. 1 merely made
the suggestion; i do not propose to vote against
the bill if the Senate are satisfied with the arrange-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, With this amount of ter-
ritory added to Nevada, it will not be much if
any larger than the State of Oregon; it will not
be much more than two thirds as large as the
State of California; it will not be half as large
as the State of Texas; it will not be very much
larger than the State of Minnesota; and you must
take into consideration the fact that probably two
thirds of the whole area of Nevada is a desert,
uninhabitable and uncultivated, and impossible
to be cultivated, because there is no rain there,
and thejr cannot iriis;ate it, because there is no
river to irrigate it. The rich territory embracing
the good land will not be larger than that con-
tained in the State of New York or Wisconsin.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senate that
the latter condition, uncultivatibility, certainly in-
cludes nine tenths or nineteenth twentieths of it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
On motion nf Mr. COWAN, it was ordered
that the bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act
approved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to es-
tablish certain post roads," be recalled from the
House of Representatives in order that a motion
to reconsider may be entertained.
BRIDGE AT CINCINNATI.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill (S,
No. 413) to establish a certain post road was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
As originally introduced, the bill declared that
the bridge across the Ohio i iver at Cincinnati, in
the State of Ohio, and at Covington, in the State
of Kentucky, shall be, when completed, a lawful
structure in its present position, and at the eleva-
tion ofone hundred feetabovelow water, and shall
be so held and taken to be, anything in any law
or laws of the United States to the contrary not-
withstanding. It also proposed to declare the
bridge to be a post road for the passage of the
mails of the United States, and to authorize the
Covington and Cincinnati Bridge Company to
have and maintain their bridge at its present site,
and at the elevation of one hundred feet above low
water at the center; and the officers and crews of
all vessels and boats navigating the river are re-
quired to regulate the use of their vessels and
boats, and of any pipes or chimneys belonging
thereto, so as not to interfere with the elevation
and constiuction of the bridge.
The amendment of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert the fol-
lowing:
That the bridge across the Ohio river, at Cincinnati, in
the State of Ohio, and at Covington, in the State of Ken-
tucky, b hereby declared to be, when completed in accord-
ance with the laws of the States of Kentucky and Ohio, a
lawful structure and post road for the conveyance of the
mails of the United States.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that I under-
stand the amendment. I have no objection to the
bridge built according to the description of the
bill; but if that description is to be stricken out,
and this amendment inserted, I do not know what
the bridge is to be. The amendmentprovides that
it shall be constructed according to the laws of
Ohio and Kentucky. I do not know what those
laws are. I know what the description of the
bridge is in that part of the bill proposed to be
stricken out, but 1 cannot tell what it will be under
these unknown laws. I should like to be informed,
therefore, whether the description of the bridge
contained in the original bill, that is to be stricken
out, is the same as is contemplated under the laws
of Kentucky and Ohio.
Mr. COLLAMER. Those laws provide that
the bridge shall be of the height stated—one hun-
dred feet high in the center-—and shall be a thou-
sand feet span.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there a provision for a
draw?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, there is no necessity
for a draw. It is to be one hundred feet above
low-water mailt in the center, and with a single
span of one thousand and fifty feet, I think.
Mr. COWAN. If that is the case I have no
objection to the bill whatever, but I would pre-
fer that the bill itself should prescribe the width
of the bridge and the length of the span.
Mr. COLLAMER. It appeared to the com-
mittee that the original bill did not contain so
definite a description of the bridge as is contained
in the laws of Ohio and Kentucky. Two piers
are already up to some extent. They begin at
the second street in Cincinnati, and run, 1 believe,
to the second street in Covington. They have the
piers up nearly to the bank, and it was thought
rather indefinite to speak of the "present bridge."
The House committee have had the same subject
before them, and we have recommended this
amendment so as to have the propositions exactly
alike m both Houses, in order to facilitate the pas-
sage of this bill in the other body.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator tell me
how the bridge is being built? Is it under an act
of Congress?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; it is being built
under an act of the State of Kentucky, and a cor-
responding act of the State of Ohio, describing
it in the manner I have mentioned. This bill is
now to declare by the United States that it shall
be a legal structure if built according to these
charters.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was informed, but no doubt
erroneously, that it was being built under the au- I
thonty of an act of Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tlure was an act of Con
gress passed, I tlunk, at the last session of Con- ;
gress, giving some general authority to bridge the ;
Ohio river. j
Mr. COLLAMER. That was a general act !
for building bridges on the Ohio river above the
mouth of the Big Sandy.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true.
Mr. COLLAMER. But tins is below that
point, and this bridge is being built in pursuance [
of the laws of the two States of Kentucky and
Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask my friend from Ver-
mont whether there is any testimony as to the
effect of the bridge, if built, on the navigation of
the river. Will it interfere with the navigation?
Mr. COLLAMER. We had before us in the
committee some men experienced in the naviga-
tion of the Ohio river, steamboat men and others,
and it was clearly shown that it will be no inter-
ruption to navigation if carried one hundred feet
above low-water mark, and with a thousand feet
span.
Mr. POWELL. I feel a great deal of interest
in this matter, and I am very well satisfied that
this bridge will not interfere with the navigation
of the Ohio river. I think the statement of the
Senator from Vermont is correct in every particu-
lar. 1 hope the bill will pass.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, was read the third time, and passed, its
title was amended so as to read: "A bill to estab-
lish a bridge across the Ohio river at Cincinnati,
Ohio, a post road."
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced '
that the President had approved and signed the
bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of certain friendly
Indians of the Sioux nation in Minnesota; and
the bill (S. No. 234) for the relief of Louia Rob-
erts.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 748) providing for a bust
of the late Chief Justice Taney to be placed in the
Supreme Court Room of the United States, and the
bill (H. R. No. 749) providing for the confine-
ment of juvenile offenders against the laws of the
United States in houses of refuge, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
MISSOURI MILITIA CLAIMS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the biiI(S.
No. 359) to reimburse the State of Missouri for
moneys expended for the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole,
Mr. FOSTER. With the consent of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, I wish to suggest
that I am very desirous of moving a number of
amendments to the bankrupt bill. They are to
perfect the bill and generally to change its phrase-
ology. it will take but a few moments to move
these amendments. I wish to do it now, because
it is very desirable to have the bill printed with
the amendments, the ptcsent edition of the bill
which has been printed having been exhausted,
so great is the demand for it. I should feci it to
lie a great favor if the honorable Senator from
Missouri would allow his bill to be laid aside for
a few moments for that purpose, not to have any
discussion, but simply to have my amendments
voted on, that the bill may then be printed as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to object,
but I notify Senators that there is a special oider
for one o'clock, and I shall feel it to be my duty
to insist upon going- on with it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope my friend from
Connecticut will withdraw his request, and let
this bill be considered. It is a matter of very great
importance, and I desire that u should be acted
on at once.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator can get his bill
through before one o'clock I shall not insist on
my suggestion. I cannot get what I want done
by that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill that is before us read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to di-
rect the President to appoint immediately a com-
missioner, whose duty it shall be to asceitain the
amount of moneys expended by the State of Mis-
souri in enrolling,equipping, subsisting,and pay-
ing such State forces as have been called into scr-
