THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- *
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Eigiith Congre;s,'2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 30, 1865.
New Series No,-4?.
vice in that State since August 24, 1861, to act in
concert with the United States forces in the sup-
pression of rebellion against the United States.
The commissioner so appointed is to pro-
ceed at once to examine all the items of expend-
iture made by the State for the purposes named
in the bill, allowing only for disbursements made
and amounts assumed bythe State for enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, and paying such troops as
were called into service by the Governor, at the
request of the United States department com-
mander commanding the district in which Mis-
souri may at the time have beea included, or by
the express order, consent, or concurrence of such
commander. No allowance jp to be made for any
troops which did not perform actual military ser-
vice in full concert and cooperation with the au-
thorities of the United States, and subject to their
orders.
In making up the account, for the convenience
• of the accounting officers of theGovernment, the
commissioner is to state separately the amounts
expended, respectively, for enrolling, equipping,
arming, subsisting, and paying the troops, and
from the aggregate amount he is to deduct the
amount of direct tax due bythe State to the Uni-
' ted States under the act approved August 5,1861,
or the act entitled "An act to allow and pay to the
State of Missouri the amount of money expended
by said Stute in the arming and paying of troops
employed in the suppression of' insurrection
against the laws of the United States," approved
July 17, 1862.
In the adjustment of accounts the commissioner
is not to allow for any expenditure or compensa-
tion for service at a rate gieater than was at the
time authorized by the laws of the United States
in similar cases. So soon as he shall have made
up the account and ascertained the balance he is
to make a written report showing the different
items of expenditure to the Secretary of the
Treasury; and if from that report it shall appear
that any sum remains due to the State he shall
draw his warrant for the same, payable to the
Governor of the State, and deliver it to him.
The commissioner, before proceeding to the
discharge of his duties, is to be sworn that he will
carefully examine the accounts existing between
the United States and the State of Missouri, and
that he will, to the best of his ability, make a
just, true, and impartial statement thereof, as re-
quired by the act, lie is to iecei\e such compen-
sation for his services as may be determined by
the Secretary of the Treasury. The bill appro-
priates the sum of $4,000,000 to carry its provis-
ions into effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time has
arrived for the consideration of the soccial order.
Mr. HENDERSON. Inasmuch as the Mis-
souri bill is now before the Senate, and will re-
quire but a few minutes for its disposition, I move
that the special order be passed over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no desire to de-
bate this bill 1 have no objection to its being acted
on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will he passed over informally.
Mr. HENDERSON. This bill provides for an
appropriation of money, and therefore 1 know
that there will be unwillingness on the part of
Senators to pass it, as there has been; and it is
proper, it is nothing but right to examine care-
fully and critically all measures of this character.
I do nut come lie re asking for any bonus to the
State of Missouri, or anything that is not per-
fectly and legally just. There is a repot t made
by my colk-ugue (report No. 107) from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, where the subject was
thoroughly examined. That sets out all the facts
connected with this matter. A bill was passed in
1862 to adjust affairs of this character in the State
of Missouri, but no adjustment was ever made,
and not one dollar has ever been paid under that
bill. It provided that the duect tax which had
been levied on the State by the actof 1861 should
be set off against the moneys appropriated for the
payment of our troops.
43
The circumstances may be readily stated. In
1861, at the time of the begianingof the insurrec-
tion in the State, we had no Federal troops there,
and large numbers of militia were called out, first
by General Lyon, and afterward by General Fr€-
mont. There was anactpassed that provided for
the payment of these troops, and that has been
settled; but the State convention passed a military
bill in the fall of 1861; and in the spring of 1869
another invasion of the State was made under Cof-
fee, Hughes, and various other parties, who had
under their command a large force in northern Ar-
kansas. They came into the State in large force,
and we found ourselves entirely without the neces-
sary military force to eject them. A provision
had been made by which the military commander
of the department of Missouri was to be the ma-
jor general of the State militia. The design of
this, the Senate will see, was to have entire and
perfect cooperation-between the State forces and
the United States forces. The design was that the
State militia should in no way be used in opposi-
tion to the commands of the United States offi-
cers. The United States officers called them out.
The Senators will see, for instance, on page 14of
the report, what General Schofield says m regard
to portions of this force:
"The'ten piovisional regiments''which-the Governor
oigdiiized tui continuous service and placed under my com-
mand, enabled mo to icheve an equ.it force ol United States
troo|>r>, and send thein to Guneial Giant. On sevcial oc-
casions i have called out Irom one to four additional legi-
fuonty lor tcmpojary service to me'*t the emoigeneies as
they have arisen. With a lew exceptions, they have re-
sponded with piomptness) and alaciny, and have done good
set vice.
As an example illustrating the value of this organiza-
tion, on the Ibtii itatant I e died out the seventh regiment
ot  3t. Lotus to lelicve troop> m the city, which I Wi&iied
to &end alter Shelby. Wahin six hotiis attei the ouier
was made the whole city was- tnidei thoguard of this regi-
ment and a tew colon-d leenut-, and theuid tioop.- were
on their way to Jefferson City. The ie«nnent was just
as valuable to" me, dining the shott time tiiat its set vices
weie icquned, as a regiment ot icgulai Hoops would have
been."
Senators will see on pages 9 and 10 of this re-
port the number of regiments that have been called
into the field under the militia laws of the .State,
and the time that they have actually served. There
have been at various times as many as seventy or
eighty-odd legiments called out, because the militia
organization in the State is peifect and complete.
They have been called into service only ut times
of actual invasion or uprising in the State, when
we could not do without them.
They have always been called out under the
orders of the majoivgeneral whom the President
has sent to take command of that department.
For instance, Senators will see on page lo that
General Curus, under date of April 23, 1863,says:
Headquarters Dlpartment of the Missouri,
{>T. Lolis, 1663.
I desire to strengthen mv forces on the Southwestern
Bianch railroad, and al>o on the Iron Mountain road.
A JoimidaMc rebel foico ha* entered *>nuiiieastMissouri,
Winch inu!-t be immediately icpciied
I deMHj you to call out three 01 lour regiments of en-
rolled IT)1 Una on ericii ol the thiee io:\d- lor thn tv da\s' ser-
vice, and that tin ee regiments may be added to the birength
of Un.s city.
I have {he honor to bo, Governor, yrun obedient se< vant.
' K. 11. CUUTIS,
Major General.
His Excellency Governot U, R. Gamble.
And the Governor immediately gave the follow-
ing order:
St. Louip, JJpril 23, 1863.
The adjutant general will order Genoa! McCormick to
fall out thiee iegunents foi active M-tvjee—vay thirfv-
second, <-ixiy-ibuith, and sixry-oightli. lie will oulei
131 igadmr Geneial CrawSo'd to call out Unci' regiments lor
aeuve service, to !><• embodied at -unable pom!^. lie will
oider Uisgndier Generid EdwanU to call into semce thiee
regiment:* of hi  command. Ailimihnt\ daw.
11. GAMBLE.
I have before me the figures showing the money
that had been expended by tho State up to July
last; but General Rosecians called a large force
into the field during the last fall, and in regard to
that subjcct I have no figures. The StateofMis-
souri is now called upon to pay that force. I
have no figures either from the quartermaster's
department or the pay department in regard to*
the troops called out by General Roseerans.
I will state, further, that General Dodge has"
called out a large force there very'recently, under
an order dated January 30, 1865. I notice that
in his order lie has embodied this provision:
" The troops when called out will be clothed and sub-
sisted by the General Government, and armed, equipped,
and paid by the State, as provided by the military bill."
Though these men have been called out by the
Federal authority, the State of Missouri has been
required to pay the troops. Not only that, but
in the early part of the war they compelled us to
supply quartermasters' stores for these troops.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was any settlement made
under the act of 1862 ? *
Mr. HENDERSON. No further than to ad-
just the accounts so far as our direct tax was con-
cerned. The Secretary of the Treasury was re-
quired, under the act of 1862, to offset our^ direct
tax against the expenditures we had made for
the milam. «
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that tax to be deducted
out of this payment?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes. One of the provis-
ionsof the bill is that it shall be deducted. The
pay department accounts show that the amount
dun to us up to July last was $4,006,919 49, and
the quartermaster's up to January 1 of last year
was $984,314 61, making an actual payment by-
the State of Missouri of $4,991)234 10. Our
direct tax under the act of 1861 was $761,127 33,
leavmgun amounidue of $4,230,106 77; but, as I
have stated, these figuies do not include the ex-
penses of the organization called out last fall by
General Roseerans.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to know whether the
appropriation of §4,000,000 made by this bill is
in full of all the demands. •
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 ask no more, and I
have asked no more, because 1 cannot well do it.
1 have not the figures from the pay department
and the quartermaster's department. The quar-
termaster's department will be able to send but
few figures because the United States have sub-
sisted the troops that have been called outwithm
the last year, and from the pay department I have
no figures since the 1st of July, and have not at-
tempted to include them. I do not want anything
unless it be found by the commissioner to be ap-
pointed by the United States under this bill that
the accounts are just and proper, that the troops
were called out as specified in the bill by United
States officers, under the command of United
States officers, and acted in conjunction with the
Federal troops, and acted only when* they were
absolutely needed, and not a dollar is to be paid
out at higher rates than were allowed forthe same
service by the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. FOSTER. Before the special order iff pro-
ceeded with, I desire to-ask the Senator from Ohio •
to allow me to move those amendments to the
bankrupt bill to which 1 before referred, for the
purpose of having them printed. It will not'oc-
cupy beyond eight minutes certainly, and it is
desirable to have the amendments made in order
that the bjll may be printed as amended. I have
been waiting for 4 number of days for an oppor-
tunity to present them, and if the occasion passes'
by now the mutter must go over 1 know not how
long. The pressure is so great from all quarters
for business that unless L can get something of
this sort done now, 1 do not know when the bill
will be m a condition to be presented to the Senate
for action.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to an
order being made to print the amendments with the
bill.
Mr. POSTER. If the Senate will consent that
the amendments tha? [ offer shall be printed with
the bill as amended, it is ali that 1 usk.
Mr. SHERMAN. That order, no doubt,may
be made without objection.
