1865.
THE ©ONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that did it. It wa3 nothing but Order No. 35,
emanating, not from the people, but from the
President, that has done it. You began at the
wrong end.
Mr. TRUMBULL. £ presume the Senator
from Ohio means to be correct in his statement
about facts. There was evidence before the com-
mittee that many of the people of Louisiana acted
in harmony with the commanding general. The
present Governor, Mr. Hahn, took part, and so
did a good many prominentpersons whose names
have been presented,to the committee. How
much there was of it is another question. But
that the movement was first set on foot by a por-
tion of the peop'e there is no doubt.
Mr. SUMNER. Is my friend aware that this
same Michael Hahn had taken part in the rebel-
lion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have the evidence of it here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no evidence
of it before the committee?
Mr. SUMNER. He held office under the re-
bellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How extensive this may
have been is another question, and upon that I
have already spoken; but the Senator is not quite
accurate if he means to say that it did not ema-
nate from the people. While I am up, allow me
to correct another impression of the Senator. He
understood me as saying that the Government
of the United States would set up republican
governments in the rebel States. I do not know
how I expressed myself; but what I meantto say
was that the Government of the United States
would recognize at the earliest moment republican
governments set up by the loyal people in all
these States. I do not say that either Congress
orthe President, or the Government of theUnited
States, can make a republican government in a
State, but they will recognize the government
which is set up by the people that is republican at
the earliest practicable moment. That is my posi-
tion. The people, of course, must setup their
own government.
Mr. WADE. No man is more anxious than
I am that all the rebel States shall come back and
submit themselves to the old flag of the Union
and be peaceably within the Government of the.
United States; but I contend that it must be the
act of the people themselves; it cannot emanate
from anybody else; it cannot receive any com-
mencement anywhere else; it must be initiated by
the people. It is as much a departure from Amer-
ican ideas to suppose that the President by mili-
tary order No. 35 can commence a government
that shall result in a free government or State in
the Union, as it would be to create somethingout
of nothing. It cannot be done. The gentleman
said well when ho said that these are military
governments and must be military governments.
Why so? Because the people have not come for-
ward, laid down their arms, and submitted them-
Belves to the authority of the United States. Until
they do that, can you manufacture what you call
a government? The Senator says that I am not
quite accurate when I declare that this govern-
ment never received the sanction of the people of
Louisiana; it did not commence with the people
but commenced at theotherend. It commenced
with the President of theUnited States insteadof
with the people of Louisiana.
Now, sir, 1 have as much respect for the Pres-
ident of the United States as anybody else has.
I helped to elect him; I labored hard to do it; but
1 never did, and God knows I never will, sanc-
tion such fatal heresies as these. What, sir, the
President of the United States attempt by a mili-
tary order to inmate a State government! It is
a dangerous precedent; and if it be submitted to
here with our consent, it will reduce this great
Republic of ours to a mere military despotism.
If the President may do that in Louisiana, he
may do it in any other State, and our associates on
this floor may be the mere creatures of the Presi-
dent of the United States, representing nothing
but his military power. Do you suppose that
the loyal people of Illinois, with all their patriot-
ism and their stern determination to submit to
nothing but pure republicanism, will sanction the
Executive in bringing such Senators upon this
floor to participate with you in the making of
our laws? How long at this rate would it be be-
fore the people of Illinois by the votes of these
military creatures who are brought in here would
be subjected to the payment of the rebel debt?
Are unwashed rebels to be brought in here, men
who have not taken the oath, and who, without
perjuring themselves to the lowest hell, cannot
take it? You would have them in here to vote
with us, and to participate in equality and on the
same footing as the able, loyal, and patriotic Sen-
ators from Illinois. Sir, it will never do.
I can conceive when a republican government
which we can recognize may be set up in one of
the rebel States, but it cannot be done under the
condition of things which exists to-day in Lou-
isiana. In the first place, by their loyalty the
people must convince the Congress of the United
States that they are prepared for a republican
government, so that we may repeal ourlaw which
declares them to be in a state of rebellion. That
is the first thing to be done, and that we never
will do until by some act, some plenary evidence,
they convince the public and convince Congress
that they are what you pretend for them, loyal.
Until that is the case, as I- have frequently said,
it is impossible to set up a republican government
in their limits. The Senator is as well apprised
of that as I am, for he himself has reported that
because Congress have not repealed this prohibi-
tion, it is impossible that he can vote for their
recognition here.
I have said that I can conceive of a state of
things when they can set up a proper govern-
ment. Whenever in great bodies that people shall
come forth by public meetings, by petitions and
resolutions, to our Government, meeting in har-
mony, and showing that such is their real desire,
and ask us to remove this military despotism of
which the Senator speaks, I shall be the first man
to release them. Has that been done in this case?
I said that no man in Louisiana had asked the
President or us to repeal that ljw,or to be allowed
to set up a State government there under the
Government of the United States, i The Senator
says my statement was a little inaccurate, for he
has certain letters from certain men, and he men-
tions one who was a candidate for the Senate un-
der this sham government. 1 did not mean to
be understood that there was not a single individ-
ual under heaven, moved by some potent motive
for his own advancement, that might not have
been induced to subject his people to a military
government, and call it a civil government over
their heads. Such was Mr. Hahn in my judg-
ment, who was no otherwise a magistrate than
by the ipse dixit of the President. The mandate
of the President of the United States went out to
him saying " Michael Hahn,be Governor of the
State of Louisiana;" and he did not ask the Sen-
ate whether they would sanction it. It was a mili-
tary order making him Governor without con-
sulting the Senate, the people, or anybody else;
and this is the man who is to be made Senator!
Sir,-there is no pretense that the great mass of
the people of Louisiana have had an opportunity
to vote or act upon this subject without restraint.
The Senator says that two thirds of the people
there were so conditioned that they could vote
for or against the constitution. 1 do not believe
a word of it; but suppose it was so, will you
permit one third of the people of Louisiana to be
under military duress while the other two thirds
make a constitution for the whole ? Is that your
idea of republican government? Is that the lib-
erality that you in your zeal claim for this govern-
ment, when you can only say that two thirds
of the population at least had a chance to vote?
What have you done with the other third? I
would as soon exterminate the other third as to
say to them, " I will erect agovernment over you
and make a constitution to which you and your
posterity shall submit, and you, one third of the
people, are under military duress, and you shall
not have an opinion or a vote on the question."
Am I not stating sound doctrine? Am I not
asserting American principles? Is there anything
less comprehensive than this to initiate a repub-
lican government and make a loyal republican
State, that the people of that State, without foreign
interference, shall come up if they will to do so
and vote for or against any primary organic law
by which they are to be governed ? If you sub-
mit to this instance, you will by degrees give up
the great American principle. Let this entering
wedge of despotism enter here into the heart of
the Republic, and it will be driven by the strong
hand of military power until you lose sight of the.,
great American principle. 1 hope to God-there-
is not a Senator on this floor who would subject
even one third of the people there to a constitu-
tion that they never had a right, a chance, aq op-;,
portunity to express their opinion upon. It will
not do.
But, sir, all thatlhave said is aside of the mark.
It I shall vote against allowing mileage to these
gentlemen, the only reason for my doing so will b,e ■
that they knew before God in %e bottom of their
hearts, when they undertook to come on the floor
of the Senate, that they did not represent the peo-
ple of Louisiana, and they knew that at least
three fourths of the territory of their State was
trampled down by military power. The gentle-
man himself says that out of forty-three parishes
only twenty had an opportunity of voting, and
they were trampled beneath the American flag,
thank God! I wish the whole State had been, but
it was not; a hostile foerestraimed the rest of them
from acting at all, and our military chief gave them
but little more liberty.
These gentlemen knew that. Is a State in a
condition to express herself to the satisfaction of
the American Senate when at least three fourths ,
of her territory is subjected to rebel domination
under the flag of a hostile power, with no oppor-
tunity whatever to assert the right to vote? Will
any Senator here say that such a State is in a
condition to vote? I know that New Oileans
and some of the adjacent parishes, which ara
thickly settled, and where a great portion of the
inhabitants were, took some part; but at least
two thirds of the territory of the whole State,and
the fertile part of the State, was under the power
of the enemy at the time it was attempted to
make a constitution and set up a free State. Thet
condition of things was such that it was impos-
sible & republican State could be initiated under
such circumstances. As I said before, you can-
not do'this; you must drive the enemy from her
soil; you must plant the American flag over her
territory and release her loyal people from the
restraint of military despotism. Then, having
full possession of rtie State, encourage the peo-
ple to meet, and if they are republican, as you
say they are, if they wish to have the govern-
ment in their own hands, as American people al-
ways do, they will not long leave you in dpubt
what their opinions are. They will rush to the-
polls, they will importune you and the.President
and everybody else for the glorious opportunity
of exercising the elective franchise. They have
not forgotten this great palladium of American
liberty. They will come up whenever the time
comes round, they will not leave it a disputable
question herein the Senate whether they are en-
titled to have or not to have a constitution of their
own.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
We have thrown away enough time to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a motion
to amend the resolution before the Senate. I hope
the Senate will not now go into executive ses-
sion. I think we ought to dispose of this ques-
tion. If the Senator from Massachusetts will
withdraw his motion, I desire to move to strike
out all of the resolution about Arkansas, and let
us see whether we cannot vote to pay mileage to
the claimants from Louisiana.
Mr. WILSON. We shall have to spend a day
on it; in fact I think this debate has been rather
out of order. We were called together to do a
little executive business, and I think we ought
not to throw away our time in discussing these
propositions; I think we shall get no vote on thera
to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator iqsists on
his motion, I ask for the yeas and nays, and let
the vote determine whether the Senate is disposed
to take any action. ! hope the Senate will not
go into executive session.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bmwn, Backalew. Chandler,
Oormess, Ciagui, Cieswell, Davis, Fool. Gumus, Gutiuie,
tlowaid. Johnson, Luneol Indiana, Morg-nt, Norton, ?\rye,
Riddle, Spmgue, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and
YVrisrht—24.
KAYS—Messrs. CoIlamer,DSton, Doolittle, Foster, Bas-
ils, Lane of Kansas, Pomeioy, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, Williams, and Yntes—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ci.uk, Cowan, Fesscnden, Harlan,
