674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order to
print will be made if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
MESSAGE .FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 51) to
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNKD.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the enrolled bili (H. R, No. 684) to
provide for Acting Assistant Treasurers and de-
positaries of the United States in certain cases;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC/, APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. The special
order is the bill (H. R, No. 649) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government foi the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1866; which is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the "Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this bill is some forty
pages long, it is scarcely worth while to read it
in full at first, unless some Senate* desires that it
shall be read,as it must be read in detail in order
to consider the various amendments. It will take
probably an hour to read the bill through, and
nobody will listen to that reading. 1 suggest,
therefore, that the bill be read in detail, and that
as each amendment is reached it be acted on in
its order.
, Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the Senator,
he means that the bill shall be read on, and as we
come to any amendment of the-Committce on
Finance we shall act upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that is the best way.
^The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken if tijere be no objection.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to know for what reason
this bill lias preference of a special order which
was made on my motion, at the suggestion of the
Senatorfrom Wisconsm, [Mr. Doolittle,] about
a week ago. I attempted to address the Senate on
a matter of interest some two or three mornings
successively by installments of a few minutes each
time, and at.the suggestion of the Senator from
Wisconsin the resolution on which I was speak-
ing was postponed and made the special order for
this day a week ago, I think. It has been con-
stantly overridden ever since by unfinished busi-
neRQorsomethingof that sort. How the Senator
from Ohio now gets in his bill ahead of me I do not
understand, i wish to be corrected from the
record if that resolution 13 m-)t the special order
which should now come up regularly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tliaf was an old special
order which is superseded by this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will infoim the Senator from New Hampshire
that it appears by the record that the resolution
to which he refers was mode the special order for
Thursday of last week, but was then passed by,
and thereby lost ns place. This bill was made
the special order for to-day by assignment of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. It was only passed by because
the Chair decided that the unfinished business
had precedence of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That dis-
placed it.
Mr. If ALE. Then does not the special order
take its place when the unfinished business is out
of the way ? «
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairis
of opinion that it dors not. The unfinished busi-
ness displaces it as a special order until it shall
be reassigned. If the unfinished business had been
disposed of the same day, it would have been the
next special order.
Mr. HALE. But the unfinished business oc-
cupied seveial days.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
special Cilor lost its place.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senatorfrom New
Hampshire simply desires tt> make his resolution
the special order for some future time, I have no
objection,
Mr. HALE. That is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
may be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution be
made the special order for next Tuesday, at one
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that a bill has al-
ready been made the special order for Monday
which may be debated and run over into Tues-
day. It is the bill regulating commerce among
the States, and the Senator from Michigan, who
has it in charge, has declared it to be his purpose
to keep it before the Senate until it is voted upon.
Mr. HALE. But I suppose that I can get the
Senate to make the resolution the special order
again, or else say that I shall not have the floor
at all. 1 do not much care which.
Mr. CONNESS. What measure is proposed
to be made a special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands it to be a resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr, Davis.] Is there any
objection to the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire?
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PRESiDENTpro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained. The
Secretary will read the bill before the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, and
as he'reached a portion that the Committee on
Finance proposed to amend, the question was put
on the amendment.
The first amendment was in line fifty-three, to
strike out " ten" and insert " twenty," so as to
appropriate §20,000 for reporting the proceedings
of the Senate in the Daily Globe for the first
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifty-four, among the items for " contingent ex-
penses of the Senate:"
For TMtyjns* thf pubiKheis of the Congressional Gltfbe
and Appendix, accoidux* to the number ot copies taken,
one cent for cvety live panes exceeding yiree thousand, in-
cluding the indexes and the laws ot the United States,
$1-5,900.
For one complete set of the (Jonire^'ional filobe and
Appendix foi each Seiiatoi in the Timty-Nmth Congress
who ha-> not ahuady r'-ccived them, 56,tU0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for Capitol police, on the part of the
Senate, from $10,234 to $19,170.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
seventy-three, seventy-four, and seventy-five, as
follows:
For removing the unsightlyhigh fenr>e, or railing, winch
has been elected in the old ilalf of Repie&i'ntcitives, $100,
or a* much thcreot as may ho necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. Why should we strike that
out ?
A'Tr. SHERMAN. The committee found that
the feme or railing was erected in the old flail of
the House of Representatives by order of Con-
gress, made at the last session, and that it is not
unsightly but is very serviceable, and indispen-
sably necessary to protect the sculpture and val-
uable property placed behind the tailing. In order
to see the cause for this clause, we examined the
debate in the other House and we al.«> examined
the Commissioner of Public HuiUhngs and the
architect who prepaied the plan, and after a full
examination wc were satisfied that the clause was
inserted in the bill undera misapprehension. At
any rate, oven if it was the desire of Congress to
remove the railing, it should be done by a simple
order or joint resolution, and not by such a clause
as this in an appropriation bill, chaiactenzmg the
work as unsightly and improper, and authoriz-
ing somebody, it docs not say whom, to remove
it, and appropi ioting tjlOO for that purpose. The
truth is that the clause was hastily inserted in
the appropriation bill in the House of Represent-
j auves, and did not come from any committee.
I It was done on the motion of a single member,
J probably without very much consideration,
i Mr. SUMNER. I would simply remaik that
i as this fence is in the part of the Capitol that, if I
may so any, rather belongs to the House of Rep-
resentatives than to the Senate, I should be dis-
posed to leave to the House the juiisdiction of
the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it only shows the
haste with which it was put in, because the item
is inserted among the items of appropriation for
the contingent expenses of the Senate. It is
really a fence or railing put up by virtue of an
act of Congress passed at the last session for the
protection of the sculpture and other works of art
in the old Hall of the House of Representatives
This is a strong, firm railing, erected after reflec-
tion -and consideration, intended to protect the
property. The complaint made in the debate in
the House was that it was not a small railing
which would not impede the sight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and five, to increase the appropriation, on the part
of the House of Representatives, for the pay of
the Capitol police, from $13,920 to $19,170; and
to increase the aggregate appropriation for annual
salaries paid by the House from $104,178 to
$109,428.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
one hundred and sixty-one, the following:
For completing the tiling of the floor of the old Hall of
Representatives, under the same authority that the woilc
has already been done, ^3,875.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and twenty-three, after the word 'Maws,*' to
strike out the words ii in pamphlet formin line
two hundred and twenty-five, to strike out " sev-
enteen " and insert " thirteen," and after the word
" thousand," to strike out the words "one hun-
dred and twenty-five;" so that the clause will
read:
For publishing the laws and in newspapers of the State!
and Tuiritories and in the City of Washington, $13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment which
has just been adopted leaves the sentence imper-
fect and ungrammatical. It now reads:
For publishing the laws ai>d in newspapers of the States
and Teiutones, &.c.
The word "and" after the word "laws"
should be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word " and" should
have been included in the brackets, and ought to
be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) That amendment will be made if
there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is due to the Senate that
I should explain that Messrs. Little & Brown, who
have heretofore published the laws of Congiess,
have informed us by letter and also in person that
they cannot publish the laws ot the old prices.
They ask, I think, half as much again. Aftei a
full examination and conference with the Com-
mittee on Printing, it was deemed advisable to
print them at the Public Printing Office. Accord-
ing to the estimates furnished to us. they could
be printed'at the Public Printing Office just as
well and in the same form precisely that they are
now printed by Little & Brown. Extra copies
of the laws aie now printed at the Public Printing
Office; and, on the whole, we concluded it was
better to discontinue the arrangement with Little
& Brown, so far as they were concerned, lather
than increase their compensation.
As this is a matter that will probably excite
some objection in certain quarters, I deemed it
proper to call the attention of the Senate to it, so
that, they may know they have acted upon thai
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what has become of the contract heretofore made
for tins publication. Has it expired by limita-
tion of time?
Mr. SHERMAN. The contract is only in the
nature of an appropiiation from year to year for
this pamphlet copy. The original contract was
for so many pamphlet copies of the laws in a
certain style. That has been renewed from year
to year by an appropriation. I can state to the
Senate that there can be no connoversy about
the contract, because Little & Brown do not
look upon it as a contract binumg upon them,
and they will decline to print for the United States
the number of copies beictofore punted at the
price heretofore paid. There can be no contro-
versy, therefore, as to the existence of this con-
tract, because both parties regard it as abandoned,
and the effect of withholding the appropriation will
be to abandon the contract with'Little & Brown.
They say they cannot furnish these pamphlet
