1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the 30th of June, 1854;" and in line nine hundred
and twenty-six, aftrr the word " such," to insert
" further," and in lino nine hundred and twenty-
seven to strike out " $38,060" and insert" $50,-
000;" so as to make the clause read:
For salaries of additional clerks, and additional compen-
sation of officers and clerks under act of August 6, 1846,
for the better organization of the Treasury, and the tenth
section^f act of March 3. ]853,making apptopiiations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 3Cfth of June, 1854, at such 4'urther rates
as tiie Secietaiy may deem just and reasonable, $50,000.
I ought probably to explain this amendment.
TJnder the sub-Treasury act, as it is called, the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to em-
ploy additional clerks and to give additional com-
pensation in certain cases to clerks already em-
ployed for extra work, sometimes done at night,
sometimes done under circumstances which de-
mand additional compensation. Theordinaryap-
Eropriation is about what is stated'here, $38,060;
ut the Secretary also finds it neeessary to give
additional compensation to certain persons em-
ployed in that bureau who are called officers and
clerks—the assayers and some other officers that
wouid not be reachcd by the word " clerks." An
appropriation was called for for additional clerks
at Boston. It will be remembered that thatclause
has been stricken out, and the amount of this ap-
propriation is increased so as to enable the Secre-
tary to award compensation and to employ, if
necessary, additional clerks at Boston out of this
fund.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I Understand that the
same thiqg is accomplished by this?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. It is found neces-
sary also to give additional compensation to offi-
cers and eletks in the assay office, and theieforo
J have moved to inseit the descriptive words of
the act organizing the assay office in New Yoik
so as to cover the whole in tins appropiiation.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to be informed on
this subject. Will this appropriation place the
amount of the increase of the salaries of the clerks
at thq discretion of the head of the Depaitmeut?
Mr. SHERMAN". That is so by the law now.
The sub-Tieasury law which was passed many
years ago authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make additional compensation in certain
cases, and every year since that time an appro-
priation has been made for the purpose, some-
times more and sometimes less. This does not
change the present law, except that it extends
the authoiity to the " officers" as well as the
" clerks."
Mr. HARLAN. Is it intended to include an-
other class1 of persons besides those embraced in
the old law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does. It includes offi-
cers as well as clerks. Thatis the material change.
Under this, the Secretary of the Treasury may
pay some of the money to the officers of the sub-
Treasury as well as to the clerks. The officers
are, the assayers, and the Assistant Treasurer,
and others.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move in lieu of the
following proviso on page '39—
Provided, That no further expenditures. shall be^riade
for the experimental system ot hjdiostattc punting by the
Treasury Department until such etpmimenlh shall have
been dfinutely authorized by law, and a disjunct appropiia-
tion made therefoi—
To insert these words:
Proadcd, That the proper accounting officers of the
Ticd-auy be, and they .we hereby, authorized and directed
to examine and adjust the accounts of Stewart Gwjnne
for punting presses, machineiv, material, and labor mi-
nified and .-applied to the Tieu&ury Dep-mment, and for
expenditures under the authority of the Secietary, and to
award to him such Mini a> may be equitably M* due, to
be paid tioni the appropriation for the experi>esof national
Joans : Pionded further, That for items furnished or sup-
plied undei contiaet, no enter«mti than the eonti act price
phall be allowed: jfnd jironded further, That beiore any
pa\menl shall be rriridu, the said Stewart G wynne shall, in
Mieh format rnavbe prescribed by the Secretary of the
Tieasury, fully convey and secure to the United States the
light to u*e said presses and any additional number thcic-
of\ with their machmeiy and future impiovetneriN, in the
Treasury building or any other buildings dnected by the
j?ecretaiy, for any and all piintmi' the Government may
desire foi its own u-c and purposes.
The subject of the Treasury Department print-
in^ has been controverted a great deal, and very
much has been taiduboutit. I believe an exam-
ination took place m the House of Representa-
tives by a committee of that House in regard to
the mode of printing the United States notes in
the Treasury Department, and the subject gave
rise to a great deal of feeling. This proviso was
inserted in this bill by the House of Representa-
tives on the motion of a.member, and came to us,
and we were therefore compelled to examine into
the subject of the hydrostatic printing. A sub-
committee of the Committee on Finance was ap-
pointed to examine the matter. I was not a mem-
ber of the sub-committee, but they gave the sub-
ject a very careful and patient investigation. It
was also examined by the Committee on Finance.
I can only state generally, without going into the
voluminous papers that relate to it, that we were
all satisfied that the experiments in hydrostatic
printing were, to say the least, beneficial in some
respects; and we were satisfied, I believe without
exception, that the plan of printing in the Treas-
ury Department was wise and economical, and
that the preparation of the, paper and the printing
of all the notes and securities of the Government
should be carried on in the Department. "Whether
the hydrostatic mode of printing is the best in the
world, we were not experts and could not,say;
but from the best testimony we had before us
from persons on both sides, we were satisfied
that m some respects it was a success, and on the
whole we thought it very unwise by a provision
of law to refuse to the Secretary of the Treasury
the right to print by this mode of printing, if
there was any doubt about it. So far as I am
concerned, i would not deny the Secretary the
power to print in this particular mode unless it
was perfectly clear'from the experiments had
that the mode was not a pioper one. We con-
cluded therefore to strike out the proviso.
The amendment i now submit authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle with Stewart
Gwynne the disputed claim about which so much
has been said. In regard to that I can only say
that the Secrctaiy has the power under the law
as it now stands to seLtle tins claim. He can pay
for the presses and materials used in printing.
The power conferred on him by the law is ample
for that purpose; but at the same time, as he
says himself, he felt a delicacy about paying this
claim when, as he knew very well, it wos dis-
puted, and was alleged by some to be improper.
He thought that Congress should take the re-
sponsibility of directing the mode in which the
claim should be settled. To meet this point the
provision was drawn up, requiting the account to
be made out in the usual form as a voucher against
the United States, and to be submitted to the ac-
counting officers to be Settled by them. That is
the effect of the: amendment. I do not think it
gives uny additional power to the Secretary of the
Trcasiuy; it simply requires that this claim shall
be pteseuted m the usual form, shall pass through
the various accounting offices, and be settled ac-
cording to the pnncipies.here laid down. If the
Senate desire to go into the whole of this contro-
versy, I have the papers here before me, and they
can enlighten the Senate on the subject. I give
this brief statement simply to present an outline
of tins controverted matter to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I am extremely anxious to
have a decision upon a point of order on this ques-
tion. It is seldom that a point of order is raised
against the Committee on Finance, but I will raise
a point now and submit it to the decision of the
Chair. The point is that this is a private claim in
behalf of Mr. Stewart Gwynne, and that under
the rules of the Senate it cannot be put on an ap-
propriation bill, even on the motion of the Com-
mittee on Finance. If I am ovenuled in this
point the flood-gates are opened, and the Senator
trom Ohio and the Senators who are associated
with him upon the Finance Committee must ex-
pect hereafter to take the consequences of the
decision which they ask the Senate to make in
this case. I submit the point of order that this is
a private claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am very desirous thatthe
rules of the Senate shall be enfoiced strictly against
the Committee on Finance, because I shall seek
to enforce them on all others, if there is any
doubt about the point of order, I would rather the
claim should be excluded. But the reason why
it does not come within the rule is this: the pro-
vision is alrpady contained in the bill that affects
this claim, that destroys this propeity; the pro-
vision as it comes to us from the House of Rep- i
resentatives denies the Secretary of the Tieasury
the right to use these machines for printing on the
hydrostatic principle. It is here. We cannot
refuse him the right to us« them without affecting
the claim of Mr. Gwynne, or whoever owns the
presses. The amendment i offer now is simply
a substitute for the proviso. The proviso itself
affects the claim, and the amendment also affects
it. I admit that I do not think' the amendment
would be proper if the House had not already
inserted in the bill a provision which affects this
chum. If the pointof order is decided against the
amendment, I shall be very happy to get rid of
the controversy in this way; but we felt it to.be.
our duty to report the amendment.
The I?RESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether this appropriation is to
carry out any law of Congress? If so, the Chair
will decide that the amendment is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The appropriation is al-
ready made. There is no appropiiation in the
proviso. The fund is already provided for in the
preceding clause of the same paragraph, which irf
in these words:
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect the several
acts of Congress authorizing ioaus and the issue of Treas-
ury notes, §2,000,000.
That is the appropriation; and the question now
is whether any portion of this money shall be ap-
plied to the payment of Stewart Gwynne.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
appropriation made in the amendment, there is no
question of order involved.
Mr. JOHNSON. The first part of the,clause'
contains the only appropriation, and the proviso
is merely to say that out of that appropriation
certain things shall not hereafter be done. What
is hereafter to be done,according to that proviso,
is that no portion of that $2,000,000 shall be ex-
pended for carrying out further the experiment
of hydrostatic pruning at the Treasury Depart-
ment until such experiments shall be definitely
approved. I understand that this kind of- pi int-
mg has been going on for a year or two, whether
successfully or not is not th^ question. Dr.
Gwynne has been permitted to have rooms in the
Treasury—no doubt the Department thought
they had authority to authorize it—and he has
been apparently an officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and he has gone into the community and
he has purchased a variety of machinery; he has
purchased these presses. The persons with whom
he contracted were under the impression—I know
it to be true as to some of them—that they were
dealing with the Government. For example, he
contracted near Baltimore for the building of some
of these presses, and the work has been fui nished,
and it has been used by the Government to some
extent. A portion of it is still undelivered; has
been ready to be delivered, and has only not been
delivered because the contractors, supposing, as
I have stated, that they were doing the work for
the Government, were advised by the investiga-
tion by the other House that it was doubtful
whether Dr. Gwynne had any authority to bind
the Government. But the Government has re-
ceived some of the presses, the Government has
the presses- now, and the Government has been
using the presses.
Then there are two questions: first, whether ,
you will limit the Secretary of the Treasury so
as to control his right to go on with this kind of
printing, although he may think it the best kind
under the circumstances; and, second, whether,
after you have pcimitted an individuals go into
the country and contract large debts, apparently
on the credit of the Government, and you have
got the machinery which has been furnished un-
der those contracts, and you hold the machinery^
stili, you will not pay for it. There is due, as t
understand, some thirty-three or thirty-four thou-
sand dollars—I do not know exactly how much
the amount is in the aggregate—for what has
been furnished in that wny. It seems to rue veiy
clear that the Government ought to pay for it;
and all that will be done by striking out the pro-
viso and substituting the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Finance, is to authorize the
Secretary of the Tieasury to audit the accoun's
and to pay only such as he thinks are just. The
Government, having received the labor and the
mateiials which have been furnished, as I have
said, upon the credit of the Government, it should
pay for them.
Mr, GRIMES. I have no controversy with
