682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
this stamp of(i Treasury Department." He takes
an account of it, and has it in his department;
and that paper clerk is not under the control of
Mr. Clark. When Mr. Clark makes a requisition
upon the paper clerk for paper, he answers the
requisition, delivers lam the paper, and charges
it to him upon his books; and those books in that
department,"as I said before, are not under the
control of Mr. Clark; and the paper clerk can tell
at any time how much paper he has delivered*to
him stamped in this way.
Then it goes from the paper clerk to the count-
ing clerk; and the counting clerk is under the di-
rection and control of Mr. Clark. She takes the
paper and has it counted twice by two individu-
als. If they are found to agree, she enters upon
the book the amount that she'got from the paper
clerk. If they are not found to agree, she at
once notifies the paper clerk of the discrepancy
there is in the paper, and the account is ascer-
tained and made right.
Then the counting clerk delivers it to the next
person who has to handle it; and that is the man
"who bronzes it, or puts on the bronze figures.
The man requiring the p^per to bronze makes
a requisition on the counting clerk-for so many
sheets, say a thousand sheets. She counts it out
to him, and charges it to him. He takes it, and
goes into his department, and tfciere lie counts it
to see if it is right, if it is right, he enters upon
his book that he has zeceived so many sheets
from the counting clerk. Ifit is not right, he then
notifies the accounting clerk that it is not right,
and that mistake is corrected. The bronzer then
puts the paper through his bronzing machine,
and when it is all bronzed it is counted again by
the man bronzing it. If he finds he has exactly
the number of sheets charged to him in the morn-
ing for bronzing, he takes it back to the counting
cleik and delivers the paper over to her, and then
he is credited with so much paper. That makes
his account coriect. There, in the simple piocess
of getting the paper from the paper clerk and de-
livering it to the bronzer and currying it back, it
has been counted four times.
Then after it goes' back to the counting clerk,
and is needed to be delivered to some other per-
son for some other operation, say to the man who
is going to make the first impression, so many
sheets arc counted out to him, and charged to him.
He does his woik, and finding u right, canies it
back, and his account is correct. So it is with
evei y operation until the whole work is perfected,
and the lust work to be dofte is to put on the seal,
it then comes back to the counting cleik; is there
again counted; is delivered to the sealing clerk,
and then brought back and counted again.
in this operation sheets are destroyed some-
times. For instance, a sheet will be torn, and it
is necessary to replace it. How is it done ? Say
a thousand sheets are counted out, and given to
a clerk who has it in charge distinct from the
counting clerk, which are pin in packages by
themselves. When a&heet ks wanted for the pur-
pose of duplicating one which has been destroyed
one is taken out trom the package, and this de-
stroyed or imperfect sheet is put right in its place,
so that when every one of these sheets is used in
this way, you have a thousand impel feet sheets
in their place brought in.
1 do not undo) take to say that this operation
cannot be made more secuie. 1 think it vet y likely
H can; because I think it can bo improved, as
everything else can; but 1 think the statement of
the Senator from Missouiiwas calculated to con-
vey a wiong impression. It certainly conveyed
a (Liferent impression from what I got. It un-
doubtedly conveyed truthfully the impression the
Senator got.
But that is not precisely the point. The point,
is, whether these experiments should be continued
further; because this objection as to msecuuty ap-
plies to the printing of the pajyjr, wet as well as dry;
it applies to the whole system of printing in the
Treasuiy Depai tment, and involves the important
question of the work being done theie oi in New
Vol If. I desire to state one thing to illustrate this
method of printing in the Treasury Department
or printing in New York.
The engraver takes a piece of steel plate, and
he engraves upon it th^ precise bill that he wants,
upon softened steel. Then that plate is hardened,
made as hard as the workman can make it.- Then
there is a hard piecc of steel, what they call a
roller, laid upon one end, and a pressure brought
upon it, and it is rolled over this plate; so that that
roller takes the impression from the plate upon
the roller itself, that roller being softened. Then
after it is upon the roller, the roller is hardened,
so as to be made as hard as the workman can
make it, and from that roller, rolled upon plates
one after another, you can get as many impres-
sions of that plate, almost, as you please. Now,
some of these engravings were made in New York,
and some of those rollers were made in New York,
and a controversy arose between the Secretary of
the Treasury and theengravers in Jfew York, who
should have these rolls to keep, and have charge
of them. The bank-note companies refused to let
him have them; and they have got these rolls to-
day, and can take as many impressions as they
choose. You rely upon their honesty, and I dare
say they may be perfectly honest people. I only
mention it to show that these rollers are out of the
control of the Government; whereas if your work
is done here the rollersare all kept here, and they
are kept under the direction of men beyond the
control of Mr. Clark. 1 mention this to show the
necessity of this work being under the control of
the Government. *
Mr. CONNESS obtained th& floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to make one
remark, if the Senator pleases, while this subject
is fresh in my mind.
Mr. CONNESS. I yield.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from New
Hampshire certainly misunderstood me if he un-
derstood me to castany reflection upon any officer
in the Department.
Mr. CLARK. I did not understand the Sen-
ator so, and did not mean to say so. What I did
say was that his remarks were calculated to give
a wrong impression about the security there
might be there.
Mr. HENDERSON. If there is a want of se-
curity in the Treasury Department in printing
this paper the sooner the Senate knows it the bet-
ter. I say there is a want of security in it. I
undertake to .say that if Mr. Clark were a dis-
honest man he could take out of the Treasury
Department every evening twenty-five, fifty, or
one hui Jred thousand dollars in bonds or any-
thing of that soit that he desired. I say that that
can be done.
The Senator says he can get no paper unless it
is stamped. What sort of a stamp is that? Why,
sir, I would not have observed it hardly if the
gentleman who is at the head of the paper de-
partment had not called my attention to it. It is
a very small stamp just on the margin of the
sheet. In makingthe impression itdoes not reach
the stamp,and in tiimmmg the sheets afterward,
the stamp is always cut off. You cannot sec that
stamp upon a bond or upon a Treasury note. This
old paper clerk never sees it after it leaves him,
and whether he has any settlement or not I do not
know. I dunk he said he never had any settlement.
I asked Air. Chuk himself, (and I believe the Sen-
ator was present at the time,) 41 Is that any check
upon you?' He replied, " i can put that stamp
upon a thousand sheets m the course of a few
hours; I can go and make a stamp, and put it on
the sheets as fast as I choose." I had that from
Mr. Claik himself, and I think it was stated in
the presence of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. Any mechanic could make such a stamp;
and I look upon Mr. Clark as one of the finest
mechanics in the country, perhaps superior to any
I have ever seen. Theie is no difficulty in mak-
ing a stamp to compare with this stamp, and to
make asim<larimpulsion with this stamp. Even
if it were not so, it is subsequently cut off or taken
off, and it affords no chock at all.
The Senator talks about this paper clerk being
a cheek. Where is he a check? I asked Mr.
Clark himself, 44 Do you receive the paper first
from the paper makers? Is it shipped to you,
or is it shipped to the paperclcrk?" He told me
it was shipped to him and not to the ch'rk; that
he tin ned H ovei himst- If to the clerk. Is he bound
to turn it ail over? May he not keep fifty thou-
sand .sheets back? He can go and buy it. This
is what I complained of. I say if he were a dis-
honest man, and I do not pretend to say he is,
!i he could abstract as much paper and as many
bonds as he chose!
The Senator says this paper is counted by dif-
ferent individuals. Does not the Senator know
that in making these impressions there are hun-
dreds and hundreds of sheets that fire returned in
a damaged condition ?
Mr. CLARK. Not that many.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, say six or seven
sheets with' one workman during the day. They
are workingagreatmany wetpresses there; some
one hundred and fifty or two hundred I suppose;
and they are working a large number of hydro-
static presses. A great number of those impres-
sions are badly made. Take the case of a news-
paper. Tt is not every impression that is a good
one. Those upon which bad impressions are
made are cast aside. If a workman during the
day loses eight or ten out of his nine hundred,
he only accounts for the good impressions. Now
I ask, may not a workman return at night eight
or nine bad impressions of $1,000 bonds?
Mr. HOWE. My friend will allow me to ask
him if each one of those woikmen who takes pos-
session of any portion of this paper docs not ac-
count for each sheet of the paper?
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator will wait
a moment I will explain that.
Mr. CONNESS. I yielded to the Senator from
Missouri because I did not think he would occupy
a great deal of time; but if he is going to discuss
the question at length I must claim the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not going to dis-
cuss it at length. If the "Senator had not inter-
rupted me he would have seen what I was driving
at. I know the workmen have to account for the
bad sheets; they have to return them; but I say
that Mr, Clark may put into the hands of one
single workman, if he chooses to do if, and get
forty $1,000 notes printed, on paper that never
went into the paper clerk's hands at all.
Mr. HOWE. How so >
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will see in
an instant. It would only be necessary for him
tocoriuptonc man. He has only tocorruptone
single individual jo the Depai tment; because there
is not a sufficient check on the paper department.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot assent to that propo-
sition.
Mr. GRIMES. Who appoints them ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know who ap-
points them.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit to my friend from
Missouri whether upon the question immediately
before the Senate the topics to which he is refer-
ring are pertinent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am aware that this is
out of order; but I desire to say a word or two in
answer to the statement of my friend from New
Hampshire, that I was mistaken on this subject.
It is a matter of importance; and while this suh-
ject is up, I think there is nothing improper in
referring to a matter of such vast importance in
order that the proper legislation may be had to
provide checks that I do not perceive to be at pres-
ent in that Department.
Mr. CONNESS. When the question now be-
fore the Senate—whether the pioposition of the
House of Representatives discontinuing these
expeuments in paper should be stricken out and
we should insert in lieu thereof an authority to
the Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain how
much is due to the parties connected with furnish-
ing these machines spoken of, and that it may be
paid—was before the Finance Committee,^hey
examined it with all the care that could possibly
be applied to it. In order that it might be ex-
amined with relation to the exact quality and kind
of printing, a sub-committee was appointed, con-
sisting of the Senators who have addressed the
Senate to-day. With due respect to these Senators,
with great deference to their judgment, and for
the examination they have made, 1 submit that
it has not been so thorough, nor complete,'as in
my opinion to authorize the expression of a defi-
nite opinion now; I mean as to the amount of
•checks necessary to be imposed, and as to the
manner in which the printing is carried on. As
I understand, that sub-committec expects to con-
tinue their investigations and complete their re-
searches, and then it will be for them to suggest
what additional safeguards and chccks may be
adopted in connection with this printing, which
is of so much importance.
But the question now directly before us has
been passed upon by the Finance Committee, ex-
amined with all the care that they could apply to
it, and I cannot see, upon aquestion of this kind,
