1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
that the Senate can do better than to accept the
recommendation that that committee have made.
They have certainly been guided by the greatest
regard for the public interests. I hope, sir, that
we shall come to a vote upon the proposition as
it is before tlie Senate, so that we may get through
with the bill which the Senator from Ohio now
has before us. We have all got business wait-
ing, important (o us, but we cannot gptat it until
we are relieved from the pressure, worse than a
hydrostatic pressure, from the Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us voLe on this amend-
ment. We are alt ready now.
Mr. GRIMES. No, we are not.
Mr. WILSON. 1 insist on my motion.
Mr. CONN ESS. I do not wish to discuss now
a matter that is irrelevant. When I said we were
ready to vote the Senator from Iowa said , " No,
we are hot." 1 listen with great attention to the
Senator from Iowa when he discusses naval af-
fairs, and when he goes into the minutiae of the
subject, and feel that I am instructed when he
speaks; but I hope he will not continue the dis-
cussion of this proposition, and prevent usfrom
voting on the subject. I hope we shall geta vote.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February D, 18C5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Gray.
The Journal of>esterday was read and approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask indefinite leave of
absence for my colleague, Mr. Robinson, who
has been called away from his seat by indisposi-
tion in his family.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to make an inquiry in
regard to the minutes. I wish to know in what
manner the proceedings of the joint convention
of the two Houses yesterday have been brought
upon the Journal of tins House.
The SPEAKER. In pursuance of the law
which piovufes that the proceedings of the joint
convention shajl be sptead upon the Journals of
both Houses.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 did not hear that part of the
Journal read, and I want to know in what man-
ner those proceeding are introduced. Is it on
the report of (he Speaker as to what took place?
The SPEAKER. The uniform usage, follow-
ing, as the Chair understands, the piovision of
the law, is that such proceedings shall be placed
upon the Journals of both Houses; and of course
that is done in each House under the direction of
the Journal Clerk, who is responsible for the J our-
rial.
Mr. PRUYN. The parliamentary method of
stating the matter, according to the practice it*
other legislative bodies, would be that the Senate
had met the House in joint convention, and that,
when the House lesumed its session, the Speaker
reported that the joint convention had transacted
certain business, slating that business. I do not
know how the proceedings of yestetday are in-
troduced in our Journal. 1 was not here when
the Clerk read that portion of the Journal.
The SPEAKER- The Chair will examine the
matter during the day, reteriing to the law or
rule o-n tlie subject.
Mr. PRUYN. I think that this is a question
of parliamentary practice, in regard to which our
Journal should be right if it is wrong.
The SPEAKER. The present understanding
of the Chair is that the rule or law makes it im-
perative that the proceedings shall be placed upon
the journals of both Houses.
Mr. PRUYN. I think that the practice has
been in other cases that, when the House has re-
sumed its session, the Speaker has reported what
ha3 taken place in the joint meeting.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken
so far as the practice of this House is concerned.
The present occupant of the chair has been pres-
ent on two previous occasions when the presiden-
tial vote was counted,and the form of proceeding
has been in this respect the same as that lead,
from the Journal to-day.
Mr. PRUYN. In what way do the proceed-
ings get upon our Journal?
The SPEAKER. They are placed there by
the Journal Clerk.
Mr. PRUYN. Let the Clerk read that portion
of the Journal which introduces the proceedings
of the joint convention.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Senate attended In the Hall of the House.
''The President ot'the Senate took the Speaker's chair,
as the Presiding OtVicw, in pui^uaneii of the joint rule of the
two Houses, the Speaker being seated on Ins left, and the
Senatois having taken the seats provided tor them.
"The President the Senate then pioceeded, in the.
presence of the two Houses ot Conyies^, to open the cer-
tificates of the electors of the seveial States:," &c.
Mr. PRUYN. That is clearly not parliament-
ary. I refer to it as a matter of parliamentary
practice. Our Journal Clerk undei takes to say
what was done in the joint convention of the two
Houses. That should be an announcement from
the Speaker to the House when the House re-
sumes its session.
The SPEAKER. That would be at variance
with the practice heretofoie followed upon the
Journals of the House on such occasions. The
Chair does not feel at liberty to order the change
proposed, but he will entertain a motion for the
correction of the Journal.
Mr. PRUYN. It is only a question of parlia-
mentary practice, as to the manner in which we
get these proceedings upon our Journal. , I do
not see how our Clerk can put them there, as he
has done.
The SPEAKER. The join11 ules for the guid-
ance of both Houses r< quite that the Vice Presi-
dent shall take the chair, and that the Cleiks of
the two Houses shall, with the tellers, take seats
in front.
Mr. PRUYN. Those proceedings are not our
proceedings; they are the proceedings of the joint
convention of the two Houses.
The SPEA KEIl. The Journal has been made
up in strict accotdance with the usage.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
• Mr. ICASSON. I ask to take up and concur
in an amendment of the Senate to a House bill.
Mr. WASH ETJPi-NE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I do not object if the moi ning hour has not com-
menced .
The SPEAKER.. The order of the House yes-
terday looked to the fact that theie should be a
morning hour, and when the regular order shall
be demanded the morning hour will commence,
and no' before.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My purpose
will be subsei ved, then, by demanding the regular
order of business when i want the morning hour
to commence?
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House,
making a morning hour imperative, conference
reports and other privileged questions will have
to come m after the morning hour. The inten-
tion was that there should he a morning hour.
Mr. WASIIiiURNE, of Illinois. That, un-
doubtedly, was my undustanding. The monung
hour has not yet, commenced ?
The SPEAKER It has not.
ACTING- ASSISTANT TREASURERS, ETC.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, moved
to take up lL-usc bill No. 08'J, to provide for Act-
ing Assistant Treasurers or depositaries of the
United States in eeitain ea>cs.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
the words, " with the approval of the Secictary of
the Tieasui y."
Mr. KASSON moved to concur in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote hy
winch thcamendment wasconcurred in; and also
moved that the'motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR DAVID II. HASTINGS*
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War transmitting* in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, the record
of the late trial by court-martial of Major. David
H.Hastings.
Mr. DAWES. I move that it be laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
' Mr. BROOKS. Whatis the case, that we should
have all that mass of papers printed?
.The SPEAKER. It is the case that has been
referred to so frequently in debate upon the floor.
Mr. DAWES. The importance of the case de-
mands that these papers should be printed in order
that the people may see them.
Mr. COX. Is all of that large bundle to be
printed? .
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. COX. Does not the motion to print go to ,
the Committee cn Printing?
The SPEAKER. It does not; only motions to
print extra copies go to that committee.
Mr. COX. Is the motion divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. Then I ask that it be divided.
Mr. DAWES. On the question of printing, al-
low me to say that, although ihose documents are
voluminous, it is a precedent to the country. I
want to know whether a man who stands con-
victed of twenty-six forgeries is only to be sus-
pended for a term from rank and pay.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. I withdiaw that motion; and
I desire to say one word in support of the motion
to print. At the end of six months this man j^oes
back into the Army, with the record in the War
Depaitment that he has been convicted by court-
martial of twenty-six forgeries and the embezzle-
mentof$26,()00. Suchistherecord. Now, he may-
have been improperly convicted; the. evidence
may not have sustained the conviction. I know
nothing at all about it; but he is either guilty or
he is not guilty. If he is not guilty of those
charges,it seems to me the War Department ought
to have set aside the verdict, and ordered him to
be tried again, rather than have permitted the con-
viction to remain, and alter tiie sentence to the
miserable adjudication that the amount of penalty
which is to be affixed upon forgery and embez-
zlement in this country is only a suspension of
pay and rank for six calendar months.
I understand from the proceedings on the trial
that not only was this man convicted on these
charges, but that be hired witnesses to absent
themselves; that, the witnesses testified-upon the
stand to hid giving thorn three and five thousand
dollars, and other sums, to absent themselves in •
Canada, out of reach of process. This case may
be all wrong, and he may have been convicted
upon insufficient or unreliable testimony; but if
that is so 1 want to know why the verdict was
not set aside; why the War Department did not
say that he was improperly convicted. But while
the judgment stands in this way, with the finding
of guilty approved, with the penalty affixed to
it, it-appears that the judgment of the War De-
partment is that a sufficient penalty for these
enormous crimes is simply a suspension of rank
and pay for six calendar months.
It is a mattei of money-making on his part; he
goes off with the ^2f),000 in his pocket, not being
required to restore it, for such is the finding and
such the recoid left in the War Department. Now,
as I have aiieady said, 1 know not whether justly
or unjustly, lie stands convicted, but the War De-
partment oeemed to be dissatisfied that the court
which convicted him should sentence him to a
penalty which seems to me to be a proper one
for so enormous a crime. The sentence of the
court-martial was t4iat he should pay a fine of
$>5,000, be confirn d two years, should restore the
$26,000 that he had embezzled, and should con-
tinue in confinement tin til he had paid the fine
and restored the ^20,000, if the confinement did
not exceed five yeais. That seems to me a pun-
ishment in somemeasne adequate,but the War
Department, without .setting aside the verdict of
guilty, set aside the Sentence attached to that ver-
dict of guiky, and substituted this paltry sentence
of suspension of pay and reduction of rank ♦for
six calendar months. He goes back into the
