688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
la the following manner, that is to say, that whenever the
Governor of said State shall file with the Commissioner of
the GenetalLand Office a certificate subscribed by him and
t-ealrd with the official seal of said State, that the sum of
S43,000 has been expended upon such work, twenty thou-
sand acrcs of said land may be sold and a certificate or cer-
tificates therefor shall issue to said State, or to any indi-
viduals or corporation designated by said State, and for
each additional sum of $40,000 expended upon said woik
and certified as afoiesaid twenty thousand acres of land
may be sold and a certificate or certificates therefor issue
as aforesaid.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SLOAN. I now demand the previous
question upon the passage of the bill as amended.
The SPEA-IiER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Sundry messages in writing were received from
the President, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secre-
tary.
A message informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed joint resolutions
and an act of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) to terminate
the treaty of 1817 regulating the naval force on
the lakes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Major General Philip H.
Sheridan and the officers and men under his com-
mand; and
An act (H. R. No. 644) to extend to certain
persons in the employ of the Government the
benefits of the Asylum for the Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the Uni-
ted States; which was read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed: #
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmitt fo Congtess a copy of a note of the 4lh in-
stant, addressed by J. Hume Uuinley, Esq., her Britannic
Majesty's charge d'affanes, to the Seeretaiy of State, rel-
ative to a sword which it is proposed to parent to Cap-
tain Ilonry S. tftelhvagcn, commanding the United St.ites
frigate Constitution, as a mark of gratitude for lus seiviees
to the ttntish brigunline Mersey. The expediency of sanc-
tioning the acceptance of the gift is submitted to voureoti-
sidrratlon. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, February 8, ISGo.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following message from the President of the Uni-
te^ States; which was read, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives:
The joint resolution entitled ''Joint resolution declaring
certain States not entitled to representation in the Elec-
toral College," has been signed by the Executive in defei-
ence to the view of Congress, implied in its passage and
presentation to him. In Ins own view, however, the two
llouses of Congress, convened undei the twelfth aitieleof
the Constitution, have complete power to exclude fiont
counting all electoral votes deemed by them to be illegal;
and ir is not competent for the Executive to deleat or ob
Mruet that powr by a veto, a-s would be the < a*e if hfs
notion were at all essential in the matter, fie disclaims all
right of Ihe Executive to mterfeie in any way in the matter
of canvassing or counting clectoial votes ; a'nd lie aUodis
claims that, by signing said resolution, he has e\pie^ed
any opinion mi the lecitals of the picamble, or any judg-
ment of his own upon the subject of the lesolutiou.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN. .
ExF.oiJTivr Mansion*, February $, lb6o.
FRJBiflDMKN's BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a privileged question,
and call up the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the Seriate amendments to the bill of the
House (No. 51) to create a Bureau of Freedmcn's
Affairs.
The report is as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
oi the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. oi)'entitled "'An
wt to establish a Bureau of Freedmcifs Allans," iuivimr
met, alter lull and tiee conleienee have agioed to iccom
iriend to their respective Houses as follow* :
That the Senate recede fiom their amend merit to the paid
lull, and the committee agtee to the following as a substi-
tute:
An act to establish a Department of Freedmen and Aban-
doned Lands.
Be it er,acted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amcricaui Congress assembled, That
there is her'bv established at tne s-eat of Government of
the United States a Department of Fieedmen and Aban-
doned Laridb, whose object shall be the good of the freed-
man and the administiation of land5? and other property
falling to the national Government in the rebel States no't
heretofore appropriated to other uses. And this Depart-
ment shall be under the care of a Commissioner, who shall
be appointed by the President, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, with an annual salary of $-1,000.
Sec- 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the Commissioner
of Fieedmen and Abandoned Lands shall appoint a chief
clerk, with an annual salary of $2,000, who shall act also
as disbursing officer, and who m all casesduringtheneces-
sary absence of the Commissioner, or when the piinclpal
office sliali become vacant, shall perform the duties of Com-
missioner ; %nd also such number of cletks, not exceeding
two of each class, as shall be necessary. And the Commis-
sioner and all peisous appointed under this act shall, before
entering upon their duties, take the oath of office pi escribed
in the act entitled "An actto prescribe an oath of office and
for other purposes," appioved July 2, 1862. And the Com-
missioner and the chief clerk shall, before entering upon
theirduties,give bonds to the Treasurerof the United States,
the former in the sum of $100,000and the latter in the sum
of $10,000, conditioned for the faithful discharge of their
duties respectively, with sureties to be approved as suffi-
cient by the Attorney General, which bonds shall be tiled
in the office of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, to be
by him put m suit for the benefit of any injured party upon
any bieach ofthe conditions thereof.
Sec. 3. Jlndheit further enacted. That the Commissioner
shall, under the direction ot the President, create districts
of fi eedmen and abandoned lands within the rebel States,
not to exceed two in each State, so far as the same may be
brougtu under the military, power of the United States; and
each district shall be under the supervision of .in assistant
commissioner, with an annual salary oi $9,5U0, under bond
as lequiied for the chief cleik, to be appointed by the Pres.
tdent ofthe United States, with the advice and consent oi
ihe Senate, and with authouty to appoint local supeim-
tendents and clerks, so far as the same may be needed, not,
however, more than four in each district, each of whom
shall have au annual compensation not exceeding $1,500.
Sfo.4. And be it further enacted, ThattheCommissionei
shall have the general supeuntendence of all fieedmen
throughout the several dmuets, and lie shall watch over
the execution of all law.-, proclamations,.and military or-
ders (if emancipation, or in any way concerning fieedmen ;
and he shall establish regulations tioui tune to tune, and
cause the same to be enforced lor their needful and judi-
cious tieatincnt, protecting them in the enjoyment of their
rights, piomoting their welfare, and sccuung to them and
their posteuty the blessings of libeity. And every such
fieedman shall be treated in all respects asa (iceman, with
all pioper remedies m eouit-s of justice, and no power or
control shall be exeicised with regaid to him except in con-
formity with law.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it futther enacted, That the assistant com-
missnmcis, undei the direction or the Commissioner and
wit Inn their i espeetive disti lets, shall take possession of fill
abandoned teal estate belonging to disloyal peisous, and all
real rotate to which the Unili'd State* have title, oi ot which
the United Slates have possession, and not ahcady appio-
ptiated to Covei nment uses, and ali piopeity found on and
belonging to such estate, and shall tent ui lease such teal
est,-lie or any poiiions theieof to fieedmen, or permit the
same to be cultivated, used, or occupied by them on such
teims and umlej such icgulatjons as the as-Hiautcommis-
fctoner and uich fieedmen may a^ree ; and if the lands \\ nh
the property aloiesaid -=hatl not be required lot the frced-
men, then they shall rent or lease the same to other persons
ou such term& and under such regulations as shall he mu-
tually agreed upon, and no freedman shall be employed on
any estate above mentioned otherwise than accouiing to
volnntmy contiact reduced to writing and certified by the
assistant commissioner or lot al superintendent: Proi ided,
That no lease, pcimission to occupy, or contiact, shall be
lor a longer peuod than one yeai, and ali papers lequiied
or authouzed by tins act shall remain valid and effectual
although no revenue stamp is attached thereto Bgtnoth-
mg herein Contained shall he construed to pievent the'due
execution of pioce-s against the real estate oi piopeity
above named issued iri due eouiw nflawiioiu anyioint
oi competent jut isdietion ; bur the po-ses>ion of such real
estate or piopeity by any purehasei theieof at a judicial
sale shall lie postponed until the teinunanon of any out-
standing contiact duly made and executed under the. pro-
vinous of this act.
Src. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the assistant com-
missioiu'is and local superintendents shall, as advi-oiy
guaidians, aid the iieedmen m the adjustment of their
wage-, or hi the application of then laboi; that they shall
take eaic that the treedmeu do not sutler fiom ill-treatment
or any failure of contiact on the part of others ; that they
shall do what they can as arbitiators to reconcile and settle
any diifeienees in which fieedmen may be involved with
each other or with othei peisons; and, in ease such dif-
foietices :ue canted heroic any ti iburial, civil or militaiy,
they shall appeal as next friends ofthe fieedmen, so far as
to see that the case is fan ly stated and heatd. And in all
such pioceedings there shall be no disability or exclusion
on account of color.
Sfo. 1. And be it further enacted, That lease* hcietofore
made by the supei vising special agents of the Troasuiy De-
paitment, under the autinuity of the General Older, three
hundred and thnfy-one, of the Secietary oi Wat. dated Oc-
tober U, lfc63, and m accotdance with the iemulations of the
Treasniy Depditm' nt. shall have the same effect ds if made
by assistant commissioners under this aer; but <uch lease
shall not continue beyond the peuod of one year liotn its
date; and immediately upo.n.the oiganization of any dis-
tnet of fieedmen and abandoned lands such ntrenfj? shall
! cease to execute then Junctions within such distuet, and
i shall delivet over to the assist,\ntcommissiouer thereof ali
| propcuy and papers held by them as agents. But all ex-
j pen-.es necessarily incuned by such agents in any di-triet
prioi to its oiganization under this act shall lie defrayed
| by the Secietaiy of the Treusjny out oi any inonevs in ins
> hands arising from the leases made by such agents.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall apply the proceeds accruing under this act to
defray the expenses of this Department, so that the same
may become at an eailv day «eif supporting; and any pro-
ceeds over and above such expenses shall he paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 9. And he it further enactcd, That whenever the
Commissioner cannot otherwise employ any of the fieed-
men who may come under his care, he shalfso far as prac-
ticable make provision fot them with humane and suitable *
persons, at a just compensation for then services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Fiesident of
the United States is charged with furnishing the military
and other support needful to cany this act into effect, and
any military officer may be appointed under this act with-
out increase of salary.
Sec. li. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall, befoie the commencement of each regular
session of Cpngress, make full report of his proceedings,
with exhibits ot the state of his accounts, to the President,
who shall communicate the same to Congtess, and shall
also make special reports' whenever required to do so by
the Piesidentor either House of Congress. And thea.v:nst-
antcommissioners shall make quarterly icports of theirpio-
ceedings to the Commissioner, and also such other special
reports as from time to time may be requited. And it shall
be the duty of ali officers, civil and military, chaiged with
the execution of any law, proclamation, or military oider
of emancipation, or in any way concerning fieedmen not
mustered into or regularly engaged in the military service,
to make return to the Commissioner of all then proceed-
ings in execution thereof, under such regulations as shall
from time to time be pi escribed.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all assistant com-
misstouers, local superintendents., and clerks, as well as
supervising special agents, shall be so far deemed to be in
the mihtaty service of the United States as to be liable to
tual by couits-niaitial or militaiy commissions, to be or-
dered by the commanding general of the military depart-
ment within which they act as such asM>tant cominis-
sionersjjacat supei intendonts, cleiks, or supervising special
agents. And for all offenses amounting to a felony; for any
act of embezzlement or willful missappiopiiation of public
oi piivate pioperty; for any willful act ot 'oppression of any
freedman, or of any loyal inhabitant; foi any act of taking
oneceiving, direetly ot indnectly, any money or thing of
value on account of any act done ot omitted hy them m
their official capacity, orlor being in any manner inteiested
in any purchase of cotton, tobacco, sugar,or any othet ar-
ticle piodueed upon any lands leaded or worked under the
provisions of this act, or foi auv othei willful violation of
their official duties, upon conviction theieof, shall be sub-
ject lo punishment by line not exceeding $10 000. oi im-
prisonment at haid labor foi a period not exceeding five
yeais, or by both such fine'and miptisonment.
Sec. 13. And be it fuither enacted, That the last clause
of a joint resolution < xplanatory ot -'Au act to supprer •= 
insunectton, to punish treason and tebolhon, to seize agnl
confiscate the piopeity of icbeh, and for other pin poses,"
appioved July 17, 180*2, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sj.o. 14. And he it fuither enactod, That all acts and
parts of aets inconsistent u ith file piovisions of tins act die
hereby icpealed.
THOMAS T). CLiOT,
WILLIAM D. Ki;LLF,Y,
Managers on the patt of the House.
CHARLES SUMNEIl,
J. M. HOWARD,
* Manager i on the part of the Senate.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speakei, when this report
was presented last week, 1 distinctly stated to the
House the character of the provisions ofthe hill;
and it was made to appear at that time that the
operative clauses in the bill are the same as those
which were passed upon by the House lastyettr&
or which were actcd upon in the Senate, and all
of which have been printed and upon the files of
members for several months. J do not propose
at this time, Mr. Speaker, to say anythingm de-
fense of the bill; but I am prepared and shall be
glad to answer ail objections that may be urged
against the bill, if any shall be, in the course of
any debate upon it.* Congress has within a few
days done all that we could do to make free all
the slafes within the United States. But it will
be remembered that, although that freedom was
initiated by the President m his proclamation of
the 1st of January, 1863, yet, up to this time,
there has been no legislative action which has had
in view the welfare of that class of men. Wo
have legislated for the Treasury. We have done
what we could to piovide for the leasing of the
abandoned lands, in view of revenue. But thus
far nothing has been done in connection with the
fieedmen or their welfare, except a law passed
on the 2d of July, I think, of the lust session of
Congress. That law, in one of its provisions,
put into the care of the Treasury Department this
whole business. I desire to refer to a few of the
provisions of that law.
By that act the agents of the Treasury De-
partment, that is, the special supervising agents,
the agents who were appointed under the act, 1
believe, of March, 1863, to whom was given in
charge the taking possession of abandoned lands
and other property, and the leasing of lands for
the largest revenue that could be obtained, and
the selling of property for the use of the Govern-
ment; these special agents are empowered to "take
charge of and lease the abandoned lands, houses,
