THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1865.
New Series No, 44.
and tenements within the rebel districts; and
ihey shall also provide, in such leases or other-
wise, for the employment and general welfare of
the freedmen." That is to say, as gentlemen
will find by examining the law, these agents are
now required to lease the lands, and in those
leases or otherwise to provide for the employ-
ment of these freedmen; the United States being
the lessors, parlies going from all sections of the
country being the lessees, the freedmen being the
subjects of the contract.
Mr. WILSON. On this point, if the gentle-
man will allow me to interrupt him, I wish to call
his attention to one section in the report, as bear-
ing upon the same question. The ninth section
of the leportsubmitted by the committee of con-
ference reads thus:
That whenever the Commissioner cannot otherwise
employ any of the fieedinpn who may ooinc under his care,
he shall, solar as pi.ictleable, make provision for them with
Immune ami suitable peiaons, at a just compensation for
their seivices.
I should like to bear some explanation in sup-
portof the necessity forin^orporadng'such upro-
vision in the law. My own judgment is that the
less restraint we put upon these freedmen the
sooner we shall make men of them. Therefore
I dislike very much to see, in any bill which is
to become a law of Congress, a provision which
shall give the control of these persons into the
hands of any officer of the Government, It seems
to me that the better course for us, while legislat-
ing so far as may be necessary to protect these
persons, is to let them have the responsibility
upon themselves of disposing of their own ser-
vices in such a way as they may deem proper,
receiving compensation therefor. I call the gen-
tleman's attention to tins point, in order that we
may have any explanation which he may be able
to make.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Iowa, I would say that the ob-
ject of this bill is in accordance with the very
wish that he expresses; that is to say, that these
parties shall be aided, not controlled. There is
not in this bill, from the beginning to the end,
one word that looks to control. They are to be
aided; they are to be assisted. The hand of the
Government is to be held out to them, but they
are not to be controlled. They are to be treated
—and my friend will find throughout Lhe bill that
such are its provisions—like freedmen. They
are to make contracts themselves. They are not
to be contracted for by others, but they are to be
parties to the contracts for employment; and so
particular are the provisions of the bill in that be-
half that the gentleman will find in one portion
of it that these contiacts for employment are all
of them to be reduced to writing; and to be certi-
fied to by one of the assistant commissioners, so
that there shall be proof that the freedman acted
as a party to the contract.
One moment, and I will answer more specific-
ally the remark of the gentleman in reference to
the section itself to which he called my attention.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that section was not the one
originally incorporated into the law as the com-
mittee passed it, or as the Senate passed it. If
gentlemen will examine thedebates that occurred
upon this bill in the other branch of Congress,
they will find that there were objections made to
it. The amendment itself was offered, if I am
not mistaken, by a Senator from one of the mid-
dle States, and the object of it was, that in case
it should so happen there were not convenient
opportunities to employ these freedmen as they
desued to be employed, and as it seemed at the
time best, this discretionary authority should be
conferred under which provision might be made
with leading humane persons for their services.
It is not designed to take the control of ihese
freedmen and to direct their labor any further
than they themselves shall desire, or at the time
shall seem right to them to be done for their in-
terest.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I will call the
attention of the honorable gentleman in. the same
U
connection to another section. Section nine pro-
vides that—
Whenever the Commissioner cannot otherwise employ
any of the freedmen who may come under his care, he
shall, so far as practicable, make provision for them with
humane and suitable persons, at a just compensation for
their hervices.
Section four also provides that—
The Commissioner shall have the general superintend-
ence of all freedmen throughout the several disuicte, and
he shall watch over the execution of all laws, proclama-
tions, and military oidersof emancipation, or in any way
concerning freedmen; and he shall establish regulation*,
from tune to time, and cause the same to be cnioieed lor
their needful and judicious tieatnient, protecting them in
the enjoyment of their rights, piomoting their welfare, and
aetunug to them and then poateuty the blessing* of liberty.
I desire to suggest this question to the gentle-
man: suppose that he should make arrangement
for the employment of these freedmen with per-
sons in the loyal or rebellious States, and they
should refuse to comply with the arrangement so
made; has not the Commissioner, under the fourth
section, power to issue such regulations and to
compel obedience on the part of the freedmen?
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, my friend from
Iowa omitted to read the last clause of the fourth
section simply because, I suppose, in his judg-
ment it did not aid to throw light on the inquiry;
but I think that it does, it declares that—
Every such fieednian shall be treated in all respects as
a Iree man, with all proper lemedies la courts ot justice,
and no power or control shall he exeicised with legaid to
him except in conformity with law.
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman intend
this bill, if it should become a law, to continue
in operation within the rebel States after the sup-
pression of the rebellion and the reestablishment
of civil authority? If he does, I think this an
objection to the bill. If he does not so intend,
then what courts ofjusjico are to afford the rem-
edies mentioned in that part of the section to
which he has referred? No authority is exer-
cised in the distiicts to be affected by this bill
other than military, and no courts of justice are
provided. No remedy can be had withoutacourt,
and there is no court to afford a remedy.
Mr. ELIOT. It may be so; it ought to be so.
But the inquiry of the gentleman has not been
replied to. If any of these freedmen should be,
as he supposes, at their own request, with their
own consent, and underarrangements which they
themselves have made, placed under the care of
humane or suitable persons at fair compensation
for their services, those persons living in the
loyal States, which is one part of the inquiry, it
is very manifest that after they have gone into
those States they would be under the direction
and protection of the laws uf those States., It is
not supposed that the jurisdiction of any com-
missioner shall extend beyond thedistiict placed
in his charge; and the subject of this bill is only
that territory embraced within the rebel States.
Now, as to the other part of the inquiry, what
if provision has been made for them under the
care of some person in the rebel States? Those
district* would be within the general jurisdiction
of this Department, and I suppose that the rights
of these freedmen would be protected under this
bill.
I do not exactly see the point which seems to
trouble my friend from Iowa. The freedman
would be protected and guarded in every partic-
ular, and have all the rights that any man could
have, within the courts and under the tubunais
which are contemplated in this act.
One word more. The gentleman will find in
the bill a provision which requires that the com-
missioners shall act, so far#s they can, not only
as advisers, but as arbitrators for reconciling dif-
ferences, settling disputes, and bringing to terms
of peace fteedmen and those who employ them, or
freedmen omong themselves, if differences arise,
Mr. WILSON, I would like to know of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if it is the inten-
tion of the committee that this bill, if it becomes
a law, shall be operative after the i establishment
of civil authority ?
Mr. ELIOT. As soon as civil authority is re-
established,and those States are admitted into the
Union, or readmitted, as gentlemen mny please,
and their social and political relations resumed,
there can be no doubt that those States will have
the same rights as the State in which my friend
lives, or the State in which I live, may have con-
cerning all the matters which may come within
the jurisdiction of such States.
Mr. WILSON. I intended that question as a
leader to another, which is, that if this law is not
to be operative in those States after the reestab-
lishment of civil authority, then what courts does
the gentlemen refer to when he speaks of thosa
parties having the proper remedies in the courts
of justice?
Mr. ELIOT. I have not seated that the law
would not be operative, nor would it follow from
any remark I have made that such would be the
case. I have said, and it is true, that each State
would have a right to do all those things within
its boundary that the State of Iowa or Massa-
chusetts would have. It may be that for the pass-
ing time the operations of this bill might be con-
tinued for the care of those freedmen after that
point of time should have arrived. That would
perhaps depend upon the legislation of each State.
When the time comes that action should be had
which would terminate the charge which this bill
would have, provisions would be made which
would probably coverall the difficulties suggested
by the gentleman from Iowa.
We must remember that in legislating at all
upon this subject we are stepping upon untried
ground. There are difficulties which beset us be-
foie and behind; but we ought to do something*,
and we have been trying for years to bring to per-
fection some legislation. There are difficulties,
and I cannot undertake to say that this bill is per-
fect; but I think it will be found to be sufficient
for the purposes it seeks to accomplish.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was polite enough tp
say that he would yield to questions, and being
in search of information honestly in reference t«
this matter, 1 desire to make sume inquiries in
reference to the position of this bill before the
House. It seems, in the first place, that the House
of Representatives passed a bill of five pages and
five sections in reference to this whole matter. It
went to the Senate, and that body, paying no at-
tention to the bill which we passed after much
deliberation, struck out the whole concern and
substituted a bill of no less than thirteen sections.
We disagreed to that,and the matter was referred
to a committee of conference, and that committee
brought in a thiid biii of fourteen sections more,
it seems to me that this is a very strange sort of
legislation; and we are called upon now, upon the
report of a committee of conference, to act upon
a new or very nearly a new bill. If 1 had known
as much about the matter then as I do now, I think
1 should have raised the point of order that the
committee of conference had exceeded their pow-
ers. I desire of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts some explanation of the action of the two
Houses, and of the committee of conference.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Illinois shall
have the information. The gentleman should
have remembered that this is by no means a
course of unusual procedure. In the action upon
the confiscation bill the precise course was taken
which was taken here in the committee of con-
ference. The House passed a confiscation bill,
and the Senate passed a bill which they called a
bill for the punishment of treason. The con-
fidence committee could not agree to the provis-
ions of the Senate bill atall,and having had sev-
eral meetings, it was at one time determined to
report a disagreement to the two Houses. But
upon a fresh conference it was determined to takft
the confiscation provisions of the House bill,and
the provisions of the Senate bill for the punish-
ment of treason, and put them together m one
bill with some new provisions not contained in
either of the two bills. After that agreement of
the conference committee, that bill was reported
by myself to the House. My friend from Iowa
