690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
(Mr. Wilson*] acted with me upon that conference
committee, f would say, moreover, and besides
that, that when the revenue hill was passed (I
mean the bill which contains the provision fur
imposing a direct tax of §20,000,000) ihe same
course was taken. The committee of conference
rejected the bills which had been agreed upon by
the two Houses, and substituted Mouther bill in
the form of a report, which was adopted. That
course is precisely Lhe one that lias been adopted
in this case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts another ques-
tion: if the principles of his bill as it originally
passed the House have not been widely varied
and departed from?
Mr. ELIOT. I should think not; not the prin-
ciples of the House bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I mean the
principles and details of the bill. Has it not been
entirely changed ?
Mr. ELIO V. Oh no, sir. The gentleman will
find, if he examines the bills, that the Senate bill,
excepting the sections that X referred to the other
day, which were upon matters of detail, contains
the provisions which the House had acted upon
and the pnnciplesof the bill which the House had
passed. And, Mr. Speaker, i think that the point
of order of the gentleman from Illinois, if it had
been taken in season, could hardly have prevailed.
This report is in accordance with the preceedents
of the Hou«o.
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. Thereseems
to be one precedent, a precedent which we fought
against at the time, and that is what is known
as the English Lecompton bill, which we all de-
nounced hero at ihe tune.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not know why my friend
should say that there has been but one precedent.
1 have just named two others.
Mr. WASE1BURNE, of Illinois. Not that
went to thus extent.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 beg pardon; they are upon all-
fours with it.
Now, I stated when I began that I did not in-
tend to defend the provisions of this bill unless
nailed upon to do so. I have done nothing ex-
cept reply to inquhies made, and 1 shall close by
inking to have read at the Clerk's dofk some pus-
Rjiges from a communication to the President of
the United States, and then I wish that the mes-
sage of thp President on the subject shall be read.
Mr. WILSON. Before the gentleman has that
read, I desire to ask some further explanation.
The power of this Commissioner is to be exer-
cised in that portion of the country occupied by
our armies, and he is authorized by the fourth
section of this bill to establish lobulations. Now,
suppose there should be a coniHct between the
regulations established by the Commissioner and
those of the military officer commanding the mil-
itary department, what remedy iioe« the gentle-
man propose to apply to that conflict?
Mr. ELIOT. Such difficulties as that might
possibly occur under any possible management of
this Department wherever it might be. The gen-
tleman must bear in mind that it now stands in
the Treasury Department, and that it now stands
without any guard or any protection. Hut if he
will refer to the tenth section, he will find that
the President is charged with funishmg the mil-
itary and other support needful to carry this act
into effect. The necessary military aid will be
thus secured. Jf it should by possibility happen
that a conflict should arise because of some ex-
igency at the moment, the gentleman does not
need that I should say to him that the military
for the time being must control. It is not to he
presumed, however, that any such control will
be had to the prejudice of the inteiests of the par-
ties cared for by this bill,norcan I see howeven
possibly such difficulties could occur. They are
inseparable, however, from the subject itself to a
certain extent.
I ask for the reading; of the communication.
The Cletk read, as follows:
Washington, D. C., December 1, 1S63.
Sir; We appe.tr before you a committee of gentlemen
representing tJie I-'ieedmanV Aid Sock-ties in Boston, New
York, PtuiadUphU, and Cincinnati, and, in gener.iJ, ihe
anxieties und sympathies of the Amei lean people in re^ud
to the present position and future ptospects of the tioeil-
men created by your proclamation oi emancipation.
   #******
It i* not, Mr. President, that wo are seilously ia doubt
as to the methods to be adopted with the freedmen,for\ve
have not been disappointed in the schemes m their favor
we have already planned and executed. It is only that
these schemes are hiaall, and mu-t continue *o, wiiiie the
demand ioi their adaption is large, beyond even oui pres-
ent power to meet it, and giowing \v ih prodigious s-tiides
eveiy hour, ft is the magnitude, not the n.iitiie of the work,
that appalls u->,aud drives us to the Government for aid and
Mipport. We lirtve lound the tieediuan eas-y to manage,
beyond evpn our b«s t hopes ; wiii.ng and able, to fight a  a
soldier j willing and nhh; to woi k as a laborer; wdlmij and
able to learn as a pupil; docile, patient,affectionate, giate-
lul, and although with <1 gi eat tubal tange of intellect from
ne.uly infantile to m-aily or quite the best white intelli-
gence, yet with an aveiage mental capacity above the or-
dinary estimates of it.
We havw nt) doubu of the aptitude of the slave for free-
dom under any lair ciieumstauce.-. 15ut we see that his
ciicunistances must inevitably be untair under the best
arrangements the Government can make, and that, inde-
pendently of a great paternal caie on the part of tiie Gov-
ernment, they will be so bad as to vviing cries of shame and
indignation Irom lhe civilized woi Id, dishearten the friends
and advocate* of emancipation at home, and give new vital-
ity to the disloyal suggestions of the slaveholder' allies in
the Noith and We->t. * * * * * *
Has thu Government any moral right to free the slave
without seeing to it that, with every chain it breaks, the
bt!«>t within ns [tower i-. done to keep the Ueedimui ttom
hankeiinjj attei his master and his bondage, tiom leelnig
that Ins liberty i> a buiden, his lite a curse,and his domes-
tie affections even more latal to his peace under om flag
than beneath the plantation whip? Shall he hungei ami
thiist, shall he go naked and cold, shall he \\ andci liou-e-
h't.* and die unbuiied, s-hall bis aged parents and young
children be scatleied wheie he cannot find them, and in
unspeakable misery lay their bones together, loo old and
too young lo contend with then fate upon tin- sitange and
distant sod to winch fear and want have diiveu them?
While anything remains undone within the power of the
nation or lhe Government to do lo alleviate or dimmish tins
miseiy, the Olniotian piinciplc and pity of our people will
allow none who aie responsible for it to rc^t in peace.
****** ****
It is plain to us, with our expeiience, that the question
h too Luge toi anything shoi t of Government authoi ity,
Government res<nue«,s, and Government ubiquity to deal
Willi. The plans, the means, the agencies within any
volunteer eontioi aie insignificant in their adequacy to the
vastne-s ol the demand. Our lehei associations; have die-
chaiged their highe-t duly in testing many of the most
doubtful questions touching the negotiability and will-
ingnes-i to come under dnee'uou when dueciion has lost
its authoritative eii.u.icter. They have pioved the fieed-
mau^ diligence, docility, and loyally, Ins intelligence and
value as a labot'-r. They have alleviated much want and
miM'iy also. But were their i e>ouu cs ten nines what they
are, and ten tinier what lhey_ean be made, they would be
no Mib.-titute loi the governmental watehiulne^s and pio-
vision which so nmnetous a race undei such exir.toi dinaiy
eiicum t.limes lequiics. In out judgment the pies,ent and
the lutuie of the iieedmen demand a kind and de iee of
stud \, ot gin dance, and ol aid. u Inch it is in the naune ol
things impossible the Government should give indirectly,
or by means ol any existing huieau or combination of bu-
reau*. * * *******
We ask, then, your intetposition with Congress, recom-
mending the immediate cieation of a buieau of emancipa-
tion, ehaiged with tue stmlv ot plans and the execution of
measures tor easing, guiding, and in eveiy waj judiciously
and humanely aiding the passage of our emancipate d and
y«t to be emancipated blaek-. tiom their old condition of
forced labor m their new state ol voluntary industry. We
Hf k it loi many reasons, but we will content ourselves with
stating only two:
1. [t h uecc-saiy that there should be a central office,to
collect I lotu oi j^mal investiM.ji tons, and to receive fiom in-
1 vestigation^ aheady made and making, the row se.itt* led
j intoiination and vaued and undigested testimony revpect-
ing ihe condition, wants, and piospects of the Ireedman.
The amount ol knowledge now existing in pi ivate hands,
oi local spheies and associations, is already great; but it
is neaily useless lor want of being ananged and biougiit
into systematic older. If offeied to the Goverunient, as
it constantly is, it is biought to officials already overbur-
dened wiih care ami duties, and laid befote Departments
which arc not yet agreed as lo Uu precise s-phere within
which it falls. Thehonestdirt'erKiieesofPepartmentsas to
their auihouty and lesponsibdity m the ease have been a
chief obstruction to the methods of dealing promptly with
the necessities of the freedman. Weie a buieau in exist-
ence with no other duty but to attend to this vast and ever-
expandmg class of our fellow-creatuie><, countrymen, and
citizens, it would at once be able to conccntiate, and in
the shortest possible time to methodize, the now diffused
and disjointed testimony in the case, and horn us cemial
and commanding point of view to devise plans and meas-
ures which would satisfy tiie humanity ami relieve the
anxieties of the nation.
2. It is not nseioly a ccntral office that is wanted. It must
be a Government buieau. The various lieedinen's associa-
tions, rich, numerous, and powetlul, might unite and es-
tablish a eential othee at Washington, in which should con-
volve all the light and knowledge collected at the most
distant points of the circumference, and tiom which wise
and humane plans migiu originate ami ladiate in all direc-
tions; but such a central office, disconnected from the
Government, as m that ease by the hypothesis it would be,
Without any right to ofiVial information oi assistance,
would lack the chief illumination now required, winch is
fcimplv tins : a knowledge how the exis-tmg machinery ot
1 the Government m all depai tnients can be biougiit to bear
j on tiie problem of guidance, suppoit, and relief in this tem-
' poiaiy thougu notbnel Mate of the uaitMuonot millions of
[ bondmeu fioui foicod to uee labor. This is a piohlem in
; which tiie vast, costly, omuipiescnt machinery and agen-
[ cies ot the Government already existing, with the least pos~
i sibie additions and tiie least possible disturbance, are to be
economized and applied to the work of starting and aiding
a humane process of emancipation. * * * *
ihit, a pat t liom political economy, theie i< a moral econ-
omy to be considered. U is really*a matter of sin til con-
sequence whetiie.r the humane and feiieces tul t xodus of
j the negi o cf)-^t mme or Je*,*. The honor, the diguitv, the
\ moral and lengious ehaiacter of this nation is at M.-ke. Uur
| duties to God and man are not to besaeuficed to any mere
pe< uniary considerations We aie hound by the highest
spiritual obligations to make the piocess of emancipation
for the slaves as safe and a- little unhappy and destnietivo
to them as possible. Aga.u, apathy, an indifference to hu-
man life—th^teirible aeeomp uument of a state of wai —
is demoralizing in the cxtieme to civil and social oider.
White Lie is not sale when negto lile is neld cheap.
'I'he neglect of ihe n< loo is self neglect; and ins abuse,
or his needless decimation, is ceitain tc> pioduce murder,
I and arson, and violent cnmes at home. We cannot escape
i the vengeance inhabiting violated laws. We aie immihi rs
i one of another, a.id it one of the members suffer ail the
; members suffer will) it. it is, theieiore, witn an instinct
i of *elf-prcsci vation, as well as witli a feat of the righteous
retiibunon of God, that the moralized and intelligent, the
humane and Chn«tian people of this countiy, eiy out to
then national Government that the foiced and nuluaiy
emancipation of the negto shall be made as humane as
the difficult and serious ciicunistances of the case will
peimit. The Christian heait, the moialized biam of the
nation, will not buffer then Government to do h ss than
the utmost in tiie oideungoi this gieutand solemn mattei.
Let iu t this anxiety lot a buieau of emancipation, as*
an expression and oigan ol Government solicitude and caie,
be confounded with a disposition to overdo the care ot the
fieediuen; to come between them and the natuial laws of
political economy ; to substitute sitpetvision and duection
for then own latent uieigies and self-helpfulness, Tht*
utmost extent to which the oidmaiy puuciph's office light
and labor can bo applied to the blacks should be insisted
on ; the least possible doife for them, the most possible ex-
pected of them; as little difference made as can be between
them and other labotcrs, their ticatment always leaning
rather to too little than too much aid and direction. It is
to learn by caieiul inquiry the utmost extent to which tliss
sound canou-of civilization can be applied to the freedme-u
that the thst study ol the bureau of emancipation would ho
diiecled. 15 ut expeiience has already taught that itcannot
he applied to at least a million of them fuither than it Is
applied tooui own children. If, in obedience to the ueneial
punciple thai all aid and diieclion is weakening to human
beings, we aie icady to ca^t oui own offspi ing at a tender
age upon their own resoutces, we may think ti wi-etodcai
with like Spartan s< venty with the f'reudmen, ot whom ko
many are children in eharaetei when not childien in yeais.
We must lend leading strings to these babes of libcttv, and,
would we have them go alone, see th.it they do not dash
out their own brains beloie they learn to walk.
fmploi ing the blessing of God on the nation, the freed-
man, the eountty's cause,and the Pie-adent of the United
States, we aie, with profound respect, yom Excellency's
fellow-Citizens and fellow-eountiymeu,
STEPHEN COLwLlIj, President of Joint
('o m mil fee,
EDWARD ATKINSON, )
GEOKG'COAnOT WAIID, > Secrctaiics.
J. M.WALDEN. )
FRANCIS GEORGE 511 AW, Preulevl Na-
tion ol Ft eethnfin'siftsvocittlion, of Ncid Yoik.
HENKY WARD BEEC[lEl{,o/ New Yoik.
HENRY W. BELLOWS, oj New York.
GEOiiGE (JABOT WARD, of JSeut York.
O. It. KOBEStT, of Nru> Yoik.
STEPHEN COLWELL, of Philadelphia.
J. WHEATON SMITH, o; Philadelphia.
ELLIS Y A UN ALL, of Philadelphia.
FRANCIS U. COPE, oj Philadelphia.
ADAM I'OE,Pi esident'* Western F eedman's
Conninllcc.''' of Cincinnati.
EDWAllI) D'VKAVOOI), oi Cincinnati.
3^1'iVI t'OFFIN.o/ Cincinnati.
J. M. WALPEN, of Cincinnati.
J. M. FORBES, ot Bostju.
EDWARD ATKINSON, of Boston.
Mr, MORRIS, of Ohio. I did not hear the
whole of that document read. Is it in oider to
ask that it he reread? [Laughter.]
requires unanimous con-
The SPEAKER. It
sent.
Mr. COLE, of California. I objcct.
Mr. ELIOT. I am very g!ad it is so interest-
ing to the gentleman from Ohio. I now ask the
Clerk to read the message of u.e President of ilia
United States.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Herewith 1 lay before you a letter addressed to myself
by a committee of geniieinen repie&entin^ the Fieedman's
Aid Societies in Bo>ton, New Yoik, Philadelphia, and
Cincinnati. The subject of the letter, as indicated above,
ii one of great magnitude and impoi t.mee, and one which
these gentlemen, ot known ability and high chaiuetei, seem
to have consideied with gieat attention and caie. Not
having tune to form a matuie judgment ol my own as to
whether the plan they sutr^est is the best, [ submit thf
whole subject to Congie^-, deeming that then attention
theicto is almoat lmpeiatively demanded.
LINCOLN.
December 17, 1B63.
Mr. ELIOT. That letter of the President wag
written in December, 1863. Nearly one year be-
fore that time, in January, 1SS3,I offered the first
