692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ference. The bill from the committee of confer-
ence, like the bill which went from this House to
that committee and the Senate substitute, deals
very largely in detail. Now, I think in regard to
a matter of this kind, which my friend from Mas-
sachusetts himself says is experimental legisla-
tion, that it is better, from the very nature of the
case, as it is a matter which relates to an emer-
gency, to a necessity, to an accident, as it were,
of the times and the condition of the war in which
we are, that the system should build itself up and
grow by accretion and development according to
the necessities as they arise or are found to exist.
If you attempt to provide in advance for every
particular thing, if you have complicated machin
ery in this bill,or simple machinery even, running
bo much into detail, you run the risk of not ac-
complishing the objpct you seek, but, on the con-
trary, the further risk of defeating the very object
which you are engaged in by raising endless ques-
tions as to the meaning or application of this par-
ticular provision of this law.
The bill proposed, therefore, is simply that,
under proper regulations to be prescribed by the
Department and approved by the President, with
the help of the officer detailed or appointed for
that purpose at the head of the bureau, with such
subordinates and clerks as may be required, this
bureau shall be established in the War Depart-
ment, and as the emergency arises and the neces-
sity exists, shall take care of the whole subject;
and the only detail is that the President may as-
sign for the benefit of the refugees, black and
white, and freed men, such abandoned lands; not
lands in possession, but such abandoned lands of
disloyal owners temporarily,as may be required
to aid them in having subsistence supplied until
they can obtain such subsistence themselves.
Now, sir, with these views upon the subject,
and having presented these differences of ideas,
I am frank to say that 1 realize the position in
which this matter comes before the House. I
know we have to adopt this report of the com-
mittee of conference as an entirety; that we have
got to take it as a whole or vote it down entirely;
that there can be no substitute, as I wish there
could be, offered now; and that there can be no
amendment proposed now. It ia for the House,
then, to determine whether it is better to give up
entire this which legislates for those freed men in
the manner now proposed by the committee of con-
ference, and run the risk, if they agree with me
in my opinions upon this subject, of passing a
bill which will cover the whole* ground and pro-
vide for all refugees who suffer from the war;
or whether, wishing to be sure of something in
the way of legislation, although not coveting the
whole ground, they will take this partial legisla-
tion now, by agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conferrence.
Mr. G/YNSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio what course is now adopted by
the Department in reference to this matter?
Mr. SC1IENCK. A "very bad one. There
are a great many agents, superintendents, and
assistant superintendents in the Department, who
have charge of the subject of trade, upon which
this matter devolves, 'fhe law under which they
act is as follows:
"Sec. 2. JJndbett further enacted, That, in addition
to the captuied (iiid abandoned property to be received,
collected, and disposed of, ;u> provided in said act, the said
agents shall take charge of and lease, for periods* not ex-
ceeding twelve month*-, the abandoned lands, hoirstjs, and
tenements within the di->tucts therein named, and ?-ha!l
also provide, in such leat-es or otheivvise, loi the employ-
ment and general welfare of all persons within the hues
of national military occupation within said insurrectional y
States formerly held as .-laves, who are or bhall become
free. Property,real or personal,shall be legarded a<aban-
doned when the lawiui owner thereof hfiail he voluntaniy
nb«ent therefrom, and engaged, either in aims or other-
wise, in aiding or encouraging the rebellion."
The Secretary of the Treasury, in adopting
regulations under that law, has provided that the
special agents of the Government and their sub-
ordinates shall do all that is required relative to the
employment and general welfare of the freedmen;
that all these matters shall be carried into effect
by the same agents and under the same supervis-
ion as are provided under the regulations concern-
ing commercial intercourse. These commercial
agents, whose duties lie in an entirely different
direction, and who are mixed up with the regula-
tion of all these cotton trades and other matters
along our lines, which every gentleman is more
or less familiar with, are charged with the execu-
tion of everything relating to these destitute peo-
ple along our lines. There is thrown upon them
a duty entirely different from, if not antagonistic
to, those more direct duties to which they were ap-
pointed, and having no connection with this class
of duties; and the consequence has been—I may
say without imputing wrong or negligence to any
one—that little or nothing has been done, or, per-
haps, can be done to take care of the freedmen.
And how stands the matterin reference to these
refugees generally, for of that matter I have had
extensive opportunity for personal observation?
There come continually within the lines of our
Army people whose homes have been made des-
olate, or wh'o have been cut off from supplies of
food, clothing, or other necessaries which would
enable them to remain at their homes, and who
have the alternative to stay at home and starve,
or throw themselves upon the mercy of our Gov-
ernment or military authorities. When thus they
come to us we are compelled, without authority
of law, to meet their condition as a mere question
of humanity and charity, from which 1 would
not shrink, and would direct commissaries and
quartermasters to supply the necessary wants
of those people, without which relief they would
starve, or freeze, or suffer. In all cases, I believe,
and in cases within my own personal knowl-
edge I know, the Government has sanctioned
what has thus been done by military command-
ers; and that, too, where, as in some instances
within my own knowledge, that relief has been
extended to the wives and children of rebels and
of rebel soldiers, and who being within our lines
in this destitute and suffering condition, it was
not thought should starve or perish miserably on
account of the conduct of their fathers and hus-
bands and friends. That relief has sometimes
extended to the wives and children of our own
soldiers who, called away from home to distant
fields suddenly, could not leave their families in
such a condition as to get along without aid. That
relief has been very frequently applied to petsons
living along our hues, having no connection with
either army, but affected by and driven away
from their homes by the movement of one or the
other of the two armies.
This matter of suffering is one to which you
cannot shut your eyes; and as a matter of human-
ity and charity you must meet and provide for
it. It is a matter to which no man has a right to
shut his eyes, or any officer of the Government
shrink from affording immediate and speedy re-
lief at the moment when the necessity exists,
without which starvation and death will come to
the sufferers.
The Government therefore, I say, has been
compelled, from the very necessities of the ease,
to sanction this relief, and yet it is irregular and
without law, but has been done under the prompt-
ings of the higher law and the necessities of hu-
manity.
Now, I propose to legalize the system; and I
propose to legalize the system not merely with
lespect to freedmen or to a particular class, but
as to all parties that suffer in that way along the
lines of military operation in consequence of the
war which is going on.
i know, and I believe I have already alluded to
it, that in reference both to the bill of the commit-
tee of conference and the bill which the Committee
on M ill tat y Affairs propose, there is always a dan-
ger that you may raise up, as it were, a large
body of paupers living and preferring to live on
the Government rather than exercise their own
means of obtaining a subsistence for themselves;
but that after all is a matter which must be left
to the discretion of those engaged in relieving
them, as all such things always are; and while I
sec the danger in or.e direction upon that side, it
is not nearly as great as the necessity which spurs
us on, upon the other, to do something for these
people. I would pass a law, if I could, which
should extend a provision of this kind so as to
relieve the sufferings and keep from perishing all
men of all color anywhere along within the limits
of the operations of our Army who need thus to
be relieved.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has
a little overstated the ca«c m characterizing the
bill submitted by the committee of conference as
a new bill. It really presents the provisions
of the two bills, that which originated in the
House and that which originated in the Senate,
and contains very little that is not to be found in
one or the other of them.
The committee of conference discovered grave
objections to putting this matter m charge ofeiiher
of the Departments to which the House and the
Senate bills proposed to confide it. In the one
Gase it was proposed to leave it to the Treasury.
That was in thejudgment of the committee to make
man a mere appendage to cotton, a commercial
article to be treated and dealt with with exclusive
reference to increasing the revenues of the coun-
try. To leave it to the War Department, as was
proposed in the other, there were objections,
which, without characterizing, I may illustrate by
pointing to the alleged treatment of thousands of
contrabands by Major General Jefferson G. Davis
in the course of Sherman's march through Geor-
gia. It was, therefore, believed by the commit-
tee of conference tha/ they could best embody the
views of the two Houses by proposing the estab-
lishment of the Department provided for in this
bill.
The view taken by the gentleman from Ohio,
who has certainly presented his suggestions with
a great deal of point, is a very narrow one. It
does not comprehend the scope of this bill, or
of the want for which it proposes to provide. He
seems to desire to enlarge its purposes by em-
bracing a class of people not contemplated by the
bill, but proposes really to narrow them by re-
ducing the functions simply to those of feeding
exiled people or hungry refugees. The bill con-
templates a temporary organization for system-
atizing the labor of the four million people who
hold no other relation than life and nativity to our
country or its institutions. They have no expe-
rience of life beyond the plantation, or if they
have, they have derived it as they have gone in
gangs from one slave market to another, or fi otn
the market to the field of labor. They have not
been permitted to know the cares and responsi-
bilities of life.
We provide by national law for the care of the
newly-arrived immigrants, and why? Because
many of them come to us in ignoiance, and most
of them without knowledge of our country, its
laws, its habits. We protect them against the
vices of our own people. We induct them, as it
were, into the great temple of American civiliza-
tion.
The system, or rather want of system, proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio would, m my judg-
ment, create and foster an immense body of pau-
pers, while the aim of every provision in the biil
of the committee of conference is to elevate into
independent, self-sustaining, self-governing men
and women the freedmen of the country. They
hold no relation, I say, to our laws. They are
not witnesses under the laws of the States in re-
bellion; they may not sue; they may be robbed
of their earnings, and there is no court before
which they can successfully present or press their
claims. They are, thanks to the infernal system
of laws under which they have been ieaiud, un-
able to lead or write.
This bill would throw around them for a brief
time the care of the Government, and see that
contracts are fairly made with them and fairly
enforced. It involves no large amount of patron-
age. 11 involves no cost. It proposes toadd im-
mensely to the revenue of the country by making
lands that otherwise would lie waste bloom and
bear, and to quicken the industry by giving the
stimulant of a just reward to those who, without
such care, would wander in vagrancy and pau-
perism, under the genetal provisions of the bill
which the gentleman from Ohio would substitute.
I have been reminded by a question put to me
by the gentleman from Missouri that one of my
statements, while practically accurate, may not
he technically true; that this people cannot sue in
some of the States now in insurrection. I suppose
that when their freedom should be acknowledged
they would have the right to issue process, to im-
plead a party, but they could not sustain it.
Neither their oaths nor the oaths of the people
of their race could be heard in support of their
suit; and the right to issue a writ, without the
right to adduce witnesses to sustain your cause,
is practically the denial of the right to sue; so
that, although my statement was not technically
true, it was substantially and practically true.
