694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
attach this bureau to the War Department, if it
should be deemed proper, after this bill shall have
passed. When Congress legislated m behalf of
agriculture, it was found best at first to create a De-
partment not connected with any of the Executive
Departments of the Government. So there was
established a Department of Agriculture, acting
with the President, and not through the Secretary
of the Interior. In the course of not many years
it was found advisable to attach that Department
to the Department of the Interior, and so it now
stands. Thus it can be here. If between this
time and next winter it should for any reason be
found advisable to connect this Freedmen's Bu-
reau with the War Department, it can be done
by act of Congress, and no disturbance will be
created. This fact will then be that the War
Department will have the management of all the
abandoned lands; not those sufficient themselves
for freedmen only, but all that shall come within
the control of the United States during this rebel-
lion. So I say that the gentleman will find a reason
there why he should nowsustain the bill, because
it will be easy to carry out by subsequent legis-
lation the proposition which he has indcated.
The gentleman has said that this is a perma-
nent establishment. No, sir; it is not permanent.
It is temporary. It may not last but for a sea-
son. It will last but for a season. We all see
that the time must come, in a few years, when
the operations of this Department must cease.
Not with the war—let me call the gentlemen's
attention to this fact—not with the war. It will
not do to end our care of freedmen when the war
ends. The war may end during the comingsum-
mer. We trust that it will end during the pres-
ent summer. The time for caring for freedmen
"will not have ended. This is of course temporary.
It cannot be lasting, but it cannot be done in
a few months, even though the war may have
ended.
1 agree fully with the remarks of the gentleman
/iom Ohio, that this should not be a permanent,
enduring plan; but I differ from him when he
.says that it should end when the war ends. I
think that the gentleman on reflection will be will-
ing, even so far as his own proteges are concerned,
i mean the refugees, that we should not teimr-
nate the care which should be bestowed upon
them when the clash of anus shall cense and peace
shall be restored to the land. He wants these per-
sons to cease to have help when the war ends,
and we do not agree to that, because there may
be the same need for help thatthere is now. That
is all there is of it.
When the gentleman from Ohio says that this
bill deals in details, I wish lo say to him that he has
not treated it entirely with fairness. It goes a little
more in detail than either the bill which the com-
mittee or the House passed. It does deal a little
more in detail than the bill which the gentleman
from Ohio proposed. But J will call his atten-
tion to the fact that his bill, like the bill passed
by the House, confers upon the Secretary of War
power to make all needful rules and regulations,
and under that power all the details, a very lew
of which are inserted in the bill reported from the
conference committee, would be embraced. In
other words, a system would have to be devised,
a plan would have to be established, to carry into
effect the power to make all needful rules and reg-
ulations. The Secretary of War would have the
same right to institute an elaborate system that
the Secretary of the Treasury had under the act
of July, 1864, to which reference has been made.
No, sir; it does not deal in details. The gentleman
will find most of these provisions which he calls
details are required; that they are involved in the
general provisions of the House bill, and are rather
amplifications than specific, independent provis-
ions; and that they indicate that, in the judgment
of the House, in any rules or regulations to be
adopted these provisions are to be embraced.
I do not tlnnk the gentleman from Ohio has
considered the question of collision between the
two Departments which would be involved by
the passage of his bill. Under this there can be
no such coll'sion. And gentlemen on this side
will bear in mind that the effect of a vote against
this report will be to leave the whole care of the
subject under the Treasury Department, under
the three lines of the law I have referred to. All
the special agents, who have been appointed un-
der the act of March, 1BG3, and other acts, will
dispose of abandoned property of all descrip-
tions for revenue purposes. If this report be not
favorably received the same hands will be in-
trusted with this matter that have charge of the
Treasury and financial affairs of the Government.
The question then presents itself whether the bill
reported by the conference committee is not, un-
der the circumstances, the better bill; whether it
is not a vast improvement of legislation to adopt
rather than to reject this report? There are pro-
visions in that report which I think gentlemen
will hardly want to vote against.
So far as freedmen are concerned, let me say
that perhaps there has been no subject before this
Congress or the last that has received more care-
ful attention than this has at the hands of those
who had it in charge. .Not a line of the bill has
been omitted from a careful examination and scru-
tiny. .Hours have been passed in collecting in-
formation and in putting together the best bill
that, under the circumstances, could be framed.
The question now is, is it not an improvement
upon the legislation as it will be if this bill be
not accepted? 1 think, Mr. Speaker, upon that
point there can be no division of sentiment. I
think as between this bill and the law as it now
stands, capable of being effectually carried into
effect, as it is, according to its provisions, we shall
find gentlemen upon both sides of the Chamber
preferring this law to the one now in force. That
is the question now; and not proposing to occupy
the time of the House further, I call the previous
question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield for a moment?
Mr. ELIOT. For what purpose?
Mr. WADSWORTH. I am not bold enough
to claim the indulgence of the House or the gen-
tleman for the purpose of discussing the bill. I
only rise to ask a question. What is the object
of the thirteenth section of the conference report?
Mr. ELIOT. J will explain that to the gen-
tleman. After the House had passed the confis-
cation act it went to the Senate for its sanction.
An honorable gentleman from Tennessee, Mr.
Maynard, called upon some of his friends on this
side of the House and stated that there was a pro-
vision in that act which he thought would be re-
troactive in itsoperation, and desired that it should
be amended. In order to amend it he offered a
single explanatory resolution, providing that the
part of the act to which he referred should not be
retrospective. That resolution was passed by
the House and sent to the Senate. While the
resolution was in the Senate the confiscation act
was before the President for his examination, it
having passed the Senate. Before it came back
from the Piesident, for reasons which the gentle-
man wilt not perhaps want me to occupy the time
of (he Hbu.se in detailing, it \vas found expedient
in the Semite to amend the explanatory resolution
which had gone to them from the House by add-
ing to it the clause which is referred to in this
thirteenth section; that is to say, the clause which
limited the operation of the confiscation act to the
life of the parties who owned it when confiscated.
Mr. WADSWORl1!!. I merely want to know
if that limitation would be repealed if this report
is adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. Most certainly. This thirteenth
section repeals the last clause of that explanatory
resolution, and will leave the confiscation act in
the same condition in which it was when it left
this House and went to the Senate.
Mr.GANSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, if that repealing clause is kept in this
bill, it will not insure a veto from the Executive?
1 understand the Executive would not approve
the original joint resolution upon the ground that
it violated, m his opinion, the Constitution, and
the explanatory resolution was adopted to meet
his objection to the original resolution. Now, if
this repealing clause is put in here, and the Execu-
tive has notchanged his mind as to what the Con-
stitution means, it will insure the veto of this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. The inquiry of the gentleman
is, whether in case this bill goes to the President
as it is, it will not be vetoed. I think it will be
signed. The gentleman from New York has pro*
: grossed very greatly since July, 1862.
! Mr. GANSON. I desire to know whether the
I President has progressed upon this subject also.
Mr. ELIOT. The President is always pro-
gressing in the right direction. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move to lay the report on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
namely, Wiil the House agree to the report?
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 64, nays 62, not voting 56; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beatnan, Boutwcll, Boyd, Broomall,
Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Doming, Donnelly,
Eckiey, Eliot, Frank, Grinned, Hooper, John H. Hubbard,
llulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Lonajeai, Mai vin,
MeBride, McClurg, Melndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, diaries O'Neill,
Urth, Patterson, Pike, Pomeioy, Alexander II. Rice, John
II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Wil-
liam B. Wa>!ibur j Wilder, Wilson, Wnidoiu, Wood-
bridge, and Worthington—64.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, "Daily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Brooks, William G. Brown, Chanter, Clay,
Coffroth, Cox, C1.1vens, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Edger-
ton, Eldridge, English, Finck, Ganson, Grub r, Hall, Hard-
ing, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Ilams, Holman,Philip
Johnson, Kalbfiei^ch. King, Knnpp, Le Blond,Lon?, Mai-
lory, McAllister, McKmney, Mtddleton, William H. Mil-
ler, James It. Morris, Nel&on, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Radford, William H. Randall, Rogers, Itoss,
Sclienek, Snmheis, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, ^troiiMJ, Sweat, Townsend, Tiacy, WiuMvoith,
Ward, Elilm B. Wasbburne, Welwtei, Whaley, Wheelei,
Joseph W. White, and Winfield—62.
NOT VOTING—Mosrs.William J. Alien, AHev, An-
derson, Blaine, Blair, fill??, Blow, Brandegec, James S.
Brown, Freeman Clarke, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Denton, Dixon, I)i mg-?, Dumont, Eden, Farnswoith, Gar-
field, Gooch, Giiswold, Hale, Harrington, Ilernck, Iligby,
Hotehkiss, A&ahel W. Hubbard, Hutching, William John-
son, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, Law, Lazear, Marey,
Met)owell, Moorhead, Daniel Moms, Moriison, Perham,
Peiry, Price-, Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, James
S. Rollins, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Stuart, Thomas, Voor-
hecs, Chilton A. White, Williams, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, and Yeaman—56.
So the report was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WILSON stated thatMr.Price had been
called from the city, and had paiied with Mr.
Scott.
Mr. DEMING stated that Mr. Bkandecee
was detained from the Houso by indisposition.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Gooch was ab-
sent in consequence of sickness in his family.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that Mr. Creswell
was detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, announced
that Messrs. Marcy, Randall of Pennsylvania,
and Denison, were absent on account of sick-
ness.
The result of the vote was announced as above
reco riled.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to, and to lay the motion to re-
consider on (he table.
Mr. NOBLE. I demand the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw the motion.
WAGON ROADS IN TIIE TERRITORIES.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Railroads and Canals a bill to pro-
vide for the construction of certain wagon roads
in the Territories of Idaho, Montana, Dakota,
and Nebraska, for the purpose of having the bill
punted and recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object if it be un-
derstood that the bill shall not be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will not move to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make no objection.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
committed to the Committee on Railroads and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
TAX BILL.
Mr, MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order, being the tax bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to allow me to present a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin.
