1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield this evening,
but not now.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I shall not be able to be.
here this evening.
Mr. MORRILL. I have declined to yield to
several members around me, and must insist on
my motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 67, noes 25.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the special order, being bill of the
House No. 744, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes,"approred June 30,1864.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed wiih.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, at an earlier
period of the session it was my purpose on some
proper occasion to submit some remarks upon the
financial questions which now so largely concern
the present and future condition of our country;
but at the present time 1 shall notdetain the com-
mittee long, but confine myself mainly to the duty
of explaining such features of the bill as may be
considered novel or not heretofore embraced in
our internal revenue laws. The leading object of
the legislation now proposed is to make a con-
siderable increase of revenue, and thereby re-
enforce the Treasury at the same time we are
adding to our forces in the field.
It is not to be disguised that our requirements
have been on so vast a scale, and must continue
to be for yet a time longei, that it requires the
coolest sagacity and greatest skill to successfully
conduct our financial affairs. It is not necessary
to moot the question whether the adoption of the
legal-tender paper cunency was wise or not,
though my own opinion still inclines to the neg-
ative, as on all sides it will now be generally con-
ceded that the time has arrived when the further
sinking of the value of -the United States securi-
ties and evidences of debt must be promptly ar-
rested. The only mode of certainly accomplish-
ing this object is by increasing the revenues of
the country, even if we should have to go so far
as to equalize revenues and expenditures. 1 do
not think tins will be necessary; but if it were
necessary, 1 feel certain we might pay as ice go.
Yet it might be unwise to push taxation to that
extent. We are engaged in a war tor winch pos-
terity can preeminently affoid to bear its fair share
of the cost. Mr. Gladstone, the financial minis-
ter of lingland, made a futile attempt to place the
whole bmden of theCnmean war at once upon
the British people. Commencing comparatively
outof debt, with unstrained resources,and backed
up by an all-pervading patriotism of the people,
we might do better; but it is not now pioposed
to try the experiment. The five per cent, war
income tax will have produced about thirty-five
million dollars, which shows the income of the
whole country on incomes exceeding $600to have
been $700,000,000; and if to this we add the
piobable amount which escaped this tax, the
whole annual income of the country could not be
computed at lebs than $1,000,000,000, and this is
much more than our annual rate of expenditure
has been thus far during the rebellion. Beyond
this, I hold that for eveiy dollar we raise now
we shall lessen more than a pro rata amount of
future indebtedness. We lessen it first by the
actual payment of dollar lor dollar, and next by the
tahsmanic power exerted upon values, whereby
the cost of all the immense war outfits of the
Government will be greatly reduced and its mag-
nitude rendered less unwieldy and placed within
safer limits. It will also tend to raise the value
of that cuirency paid out to the officers and men
belonging to the military, naval, and civil estab-
lishments of the Government, and relieve usfrom
the pressure for an increase of pay and salaries.
"Who will maintain that this is not a more excel-
lent way than it would be to take steps in the
opposite direction, by increasing the nominal
amount of pay and salaries twenty per cent.,only
to find, when we return at the next session of
Congrt'ss, that we hud imposed upon the Treas-
ury ^Department the inexorable necessity of a
greenback expansion instead of a curtailment,
and that ofiicers and men were as much straitened
to live upon their twenty per cent, advance as
they were the year before without it? Ourgreat
lakes of paper currency will become a shoreless
and bottomless sea unless we can confine it here
arid now within fixed bounds, never robe changed,
except by gradual compression within narrower
limits.
Those who assume that a great expansion of
currency is a great fertilizer and a public benefit,
and cling to that idea as a part of the permanent
policy of the country, must concede that the rebel
States have reached an acme of prosperity to
which we have not yet arrived. With us a gold
dollar purchases two dollars of United States cur-
rency. Among the rebels, two dollars and a half
in gold will buy one hundred dollars of their paper.
This to me appeals to be the road to ruin and not
to prosperity.
No one doubts our ultimate success in subdu-
ing;, thoroughly and forever, the great rebellion.
That our people will fight on this idea there is no
question; but the query is, will they pay ? if this
is not so, why is it that Europe isallowed to-day
to obtain our bonds at half their nominal value?
We all know they will be paid to the uttermost
farthing,and their intrinsic value is not less than
the nominal; but having provided a means by
which our own people can pay foi them in a cur-
rency depreciated,it is impossible to pievent for-
eigners from availing themsolvesofthe same priv-
ilege. By further taxation we shall be in the
market less frequently, and if we sell our bonds
for what they will bring, the price obtained will
gradually more nearly approximate to their actual
value. We shall smooth the path of any future
Secretary of the Treasury, and deal more justly
by ourselves as well as posterity, whose taxation
hereafter as well as our own will be diminished.
The owner of any ineunibeied estate, with the
title in dispute, must pay a higher rate of inter-
est than the owner of an unfettered estate not in
dispute. So we must pay, possibl y, a higher rate
of interest than we should have to pay were there
no rebel blood-hounds barking at our heels; but
we can at least try to make that rate of interest
the only barometer which shall indicate the con-
dition of our public credit.
The stupendous improvements in modern war-
fare, its costly scientific requirements, will here-
after make all wais far more expensive than in
the past history of the world. This was exhib-
ited very prominently in the late struggle of ihe
English and Fiench with the Russians, and our
own example points still more strongly in the
same direction. More than ever money enteis
into the calculation of success. The smews of
men may not fail, but they must be fed and
clothed, transported, paid, and pensioned, and
iron,salt, and saltpeter must be hod in abundance.
A shot or shell that once ansvveied the puipo.v;
ut a cost of a few cents, as now fashioned costs
as many dollais. A cannon that in 1776 would
have been dear enough at $100, is now chtap, per-
haps, at $5,000. The skill of a whole nation's
cunning woi kmen is brought into action, whether
m the small patent fuse, or the most ponderous
engine, and all the operations, by land or sea,
are on a Titanic scale.
With these inevitable conditions, any nation
involved in war must now husband its resouices;
or it may be foiced to conclude an inglorious
peace; and it must call fojth its resources, or H
will be mired m the first ditch.
But 1 need not waste the time of the committee^
on this point. The soundness of the policy of
increased revenues is obvious to the weiest tyro
in finance. I will not, therefore, anticipate any
objection on this score td the general purposeot
the J)ill, but suppose it will arise as to its details,
if it shall arise at all.
It will be asked, why make so many and so
frequent changes? The frankest answer I can
make to this is, that besides seeking a larger sum
of money, we find it necessary,as the law comes
to be practically administered, to add new or
amend old provisions,so that the unwilling shall
be made to pay equally with the willing, and that
the honest portion of the community may not bear
all the burdens, while the otheis—few in number,
to be sure—escape. The honest and honoiable
need very little law, but those of the otlxr soit
are prolific in umighteous ingenuity, and need a
gieat deal of law, and very good law also.
It is due to the engrossing clerks to say that at
the last session an unusual amount of labor was
imposed upon them, and when the act to winch
the present bill is an amendment passed they were
so jaded and overtasked that several new and u -
pracuced hands were employed in engrossing it,
and hence the reason of the rather numerous ver-
bal mistakes in the act, which we now propose to
have rectified.
That any law of this kind can be made abso-
lutely perfect, so as to give satisfactory results at
all tunes and in all seasons, is an impossibility.
The English excise laws are the subject of con-
stant complaint and constant revision. It is likely
that each year will show to us the need of some
change. When the war is over, and that is not
very distant, 1 feel tolerably sure, it will then come
in the form of some diminution of taxation, and
Congress will be called upon to adjudge what sub-
jects shall be first released. Then it depends
greatly upon those who immediately execuio the
law whether it proves good or bad,ju*tor un-
just, efficient or abortive. In the hands of one"
man it goes on systematically and with little or
no complaint, while in the hands of another it
lags along painfully, producmgdiscordantlumen-
tations from whomsoever it touches.
The law is getting to be moie thoroughly un-
derstood by the various officers throughout the
country who are called upon to administer it,giv-
ing it a more equal interpretation, and the reve-
nue is steadily increasing; and yet it is believed
that if the law could be uniformly and strictly
enforced in every part of the country there would
now be no urgent necessity for a large increase
of taxation. To remedy this, in part at least, it
has been thought advisable to somewhat increase
penalties in certain cases, to change the mode of
taxation on cigais, fixing all at one rate, to re-
quire all tobacco, snuff, and cigars to be inspected,
to rive a small commission on all sums collected,
however large, so that the collectors shall have
an interest in collecting all that may be properly
due in their districts, besides various other addi-
tions deemed important to accomplish similar
ends.
Wherever any inequality appeared to exist in
the law the Committee of Ways and Means have
endeavored, as it will be the duty of this com-
mittee to endeavor, to remove ir, as we may ex-
pect, whenever we may have leached the elose
of the present war and public attention shall not
he absorbed by matieisuf far higher impoit,that
small ma tiers will produce in it at ion and call foi th
very [intent ci ltioism.
'1 lie Committee of Ways and Means propose
to increase the duty on wine tuadeof grapes h -m
five to ten cents per gallon. The uuill upon toi-
i ign wines is high enough to give Ann  u-r.n \viiuis
gieut advuntngt s, and their mcieased pioduction
has been and will be laigdy stimulated thereby.
The same lenrmrk applies* to brandy made of
grapes. This is a pure brandy, hut may as w<-f|
be taxed fifty cents as twenty-five, though the
amount pioduced is small.
Brandy made of apples and peaches has not
been subjected heietofore toany uniform tax,and
$1 5U per gallon is now proposed.
Having tit the lastsession of Congress imposed
a duty upon spints of $2 per gallon, and all
that we can possibly collect, and perhaps more
than we can collect unless we can effectually
close the door against smuggleis, it is now barely
proposed to raise the duties upon malt liquois to
a relative proportion, or $1 50 per bariel. This
will be rather under than over-taxed, as the rela-
tive competition between beer and whisky will
be still in favor of the former article. The gen-
eral license No. 49 has been fount! to include
altogether too much, and it has been proposed to
strike that out and to include a provision for a
license for minei s, expressmen, insurance brokers,
and substitute brokers. The last, at least, will
not be objected to.
It is also pioposed to tax cotton six cents per
pound, in coin. This is a new feature, believed to
be eminently proper at the present time; and if on
trial it should prove otherwise it can be readily
changed. .Noris any drawback proposed for cot-
ton exported, though on manufactuied cotton an
amount is to be allowed ♦ qua! to that paid on the
raw cotton according to the present existing law.
This tax may smke"the manufacturer at first as
a great hardship. I think it will turn out other-
wise. The outlets for cotton are increasing, and
