1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
Would be choked and dammed up—confined to
narrow localities. Instead of being national, so
far as our laws could make it so, it would become
provincial or sectional. We should destroy that
great feature of America," the spirit and enterprise
of trade. Of what use would it be to produce or
to manufacture, if the channels of trade were to
have obstructions placed in the way and rising
higher and higher at every step? Better could
the manufacturers and producers afford to pay
the whole tax than to have it imposed in this
form.
Then it would revolutionize trade and drive out
of employment the middle-men. Inthecitiesonly
men of large capital—the importers and whole-
sale merchants—would be patronized. They
would at once combine the trade of wholesale
dealers, jobbers, and retailers. Country mer-
chants would buy of the original importer, if he
chose to break up original packages, and the oc-
cupation of jobbers would be gone. Those who
desired to buy at retail would seek the stream of
merchandise at its fountain-head before it had
trickled through gateways where its cost would
be increased by repeated taxation. That mer-
chandise often transferred would become unsal-
able as compared with that not so transferred.
It would be soon understood that the merchant,
whose goods when distributed were charged with
but one tax, possessed advantages over his more
humble neighbor whose goods could not be dis-
posed of without having paid not less than three
taxes. I think it important that our laws should
disturb the usual agencies of trade as little as
possible. This measure would clog and harass
every business transaction of the country. It
would increase the prices of every raw material
arid of every perfected manufacture out of all
proportion to the amount of revenue to be ob-
tained. According to the laws of trade, a profit
would be taxed upon the tax itself as forming a
part of the original cost. To the consumer it
will be the most expensive of all taxes in pro-
portion to the amount realized. Nor could it be
fairly and fully collected. More frauds and eva-
sions would be practiced than under all other
provisions of the internal revenue laws. The
number of men who do not keep an accurate
account of their sales is now large and would be
larger. None but merchants do this, and yet
vastamounts of property are disposed of by other
persons. The farmer and mechanic would be
compelled to study book-keeping by doubleentry.
I could pursue this subject much further, but I do
not think it necessary. If our aggregate sales
should amount to $3,000,000,000, the half of one
per cent, would yield but $15,000,000. That is
not enough for so large an experiment.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
committee took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSTOX.
The Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe
Union resumed its session at seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, if there are
any other matters connected with this bill which
I did not fully explain in my remarks before the
recess, I am ready to answer any questions which
gentlemen desire to ask.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Has the gentleman from
Veimont made any statement of the amount of
revenue which he expects would be received under
this bill?
Mr. MORRILL. I will say, m reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that my time has
been so much occupied that 1 have not been able
to go through the entire bill. I can give him,
however, a rough estimate of what 1 expect it
will produce by certain amendments. I should
estimate the amount to be received under the
ninety-fourth section, adding twenty per cent, to
the present duties, at fiom $15,000,000 to $20,-
000,000. I suppose that the increase on the income
tax, taxing all incomes above $3,000 at ten per
cent., instead of graduating the tax as we now
j0 a part at five and a part at seven and a half
percent.—might produce somewhere between five
and ten million more. 1 estimate the amount of
increase upon ale and beer at about $2,000,000,
and the amount to be received upon tobacco per-
haps not less than $>5,000,000. In consequence
ofthe increase of tax upon the manufactuied ar-
ticle, and of other provisions in relation to col-
lecting the tax on tobacco and cigars.
I should
think it might increase it at least $10,000,000.
In regard to the other parts of the bill i have not
yet been able to make an accurate estimate.
The Cleik then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses, for amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend by adding
after line twenty the following:
That section fourteen be amended by striking out the
word fifty" mid inserting in lieu thereof the words ^twen-
ty-five;"' so that it will read: in case ol a refusal or neg-
lect, except in case of sickness or absence, to make a iiht
or return, or to verify the same, as aforesaid, he shall add
twenty-five per cent, to such duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out the follo'wing clause:
That section twenty-five be amended by inserting after the
word* "$400,000" the words ''and not exceeding $1,000,000
and one eighth of one per cent, on all sums above $1,000,-
000;" by insc.mng after the words iJ reasonable charges
for" the woid 11 advertising and by striking out all ot the
fiist proviso,and by striking out the word'' further" in the
second proviso.
The section proposed to be amended is as fol-
lows:
Sec. 25. Jlnd be it further enacted. That there shall be
allowed to collectors, in tull compensation lor their services
and that of their deputies, n salaty of $1,500 per annum, to
be paid quarterly, and in addition thereto a commission of
tinee per cent, upon the fiist $100,000, and a commission
of one per cent upon all sums above $100,000 and not ex-
ceeding $4^0,1)00, and a commission ol one half of one per
cent, on aU sum?* above ,$-100,000, such commissions to be
computed upon the amounts by them respectively collected
and paid over and accounted for undei the instiuctiona of
the Treasury Department. And I here shall ho further paid,
after the account theieof has been reudeied to and approved
by the pioper officers, ot the Treaty, to each collector his
necessary and icasonahle chaiges lor stationery and blank-
books used in the perfoimauee of his official duties, and
for po&tage actually paid on lcUcitt and documents re-
ceived or sent, and exclusively relanngtoofiietal business;
but no Mich account shall be appioved unlets it shall state
the date and the particular items of evety such expendittno,
and shall b<- verified by the o.ith oi aflinn.iuon ofthe collect-
or: PiQvidtd, That the salary ami commissions ot no col-
lector, exclusive of stationeiy, blank-books, and postage,
shall exceed §10,000 in theuguiegmc, noi more than §5,U00
exclusive of the expenses lot rent, stationery, blank-books,
and postage, and pay ot deputies undcleiks, to which such
collector is actually and necessarily subjected in the ad-
ministration of Ins office : Jlnd piotided Juither, That the
Secretary ofthe Treasury be authorized to make such fur-
ther allowances, fiom time to time, a« may be reasonable
iii caaes which, from the teiritonal extent of tiie district,or
fiom the amount of internal duties collected, or from other
circumstances, it may seem just to make such allowances.
Mr. WILSON. I find that the proviso to which
this clause refers is that the salary and commis-
sions of no col lector,exclusive of stationery, blank-
books, and postage, shall exceed $>10,000 in the
aggregate, nor more than §5,000 exclusive of the
expenses for rent, stationery, blank-books, and
postage, and pay of deputies and cleiks, to which
such collector is actually and necessarily sub-
jected m the administration of his office. If that
proviso be struck out there will be no limitation
on the salary of a collector. I should like to know
whether the gentleman from Vermont can state
the maximum sum that may probably be received
under this clause by the collector who will have
the greatest compensation.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, that will
depend very much, of course, on the amount col-
lected. This provision will not touch, perhaps,
more than six or cightdistncta in the whole Uni-
ted Stales. After a full hearing of the subject the
Committee of Ways and Means came to tin* con-
clusion, almost unanimously, I think, if not quite
so, that it would be for the ad vantage of the Treas-
ury to allow a small commission on all sums col-
lected over $>1,000,000, thereby making it the in-
terest of the collector to close up his accounts and
collect ail the taxes assessed m his district.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the Committee of
Ways and Means has some data on which they
might base an opinion as to the highest compen-
sation thatacollcctor would receive, with or with-
out this limitation.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee came to the
conclusion that after the allowance of three, two,
and one per cent, ends, and where there is still a
considerable amount of taxes uncollected, it would
be wise to allow a small commission for collect-
ing them. it will make buta very small increase
of compensation, and that will be pietty nearly
all absorbed in the expense of collection. It will
be a stimulus to greater exertions on the part of
the collector.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the collector
has now allowed him compensation for clerk hire,
&c.; and I do not see that I have yet received alt
answer from the Committee of Ways and. Means
as to what the compensation of the collector may
be in the district where the largest amount of
taxes is collected. If 1 cannot get that answer, I
will insist on my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. The maximum is already-
fixed in the original bill, and this will increase it
very little.
Mr. WILSON. If it will not increase the com-
pensation much it may as well be struck out-
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I am in
favor of the amendment. I think we should have
some limitation to these salaries. In veiy many
districts the salary of the collector runs up, with
percentage, to the full amount of $10,000 allowed
by the law of last year. But now it seems we are
to have no limit; the proviso is to be removed;
and in large cities the percentage is to run on to
the extremes! dollar. We are told, as a reason
why we should do this, that it will encourage the
collector to perform his duties thoroughly. Now,
1 object to the employment, as collectors, of men
of that character who require to be influenced in
this manner. I should have hoped that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would have fixed
some limit—five, ten, or twenty thousand dollars.
1 prefer, therefore, to let the law on this point
remain as it now is.
Mr. STEVENS. After the commissions on
the amount collected shall have reached the max-
imum amount allowed as compensation to a col-
lector, he will have no personal interestin exerting
himself to collect what remains. The commis-
sion which we propose to allow to the collector
after the fiist million dollars is only one eighth of
one per cent.
Mr. BEAMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] allow me to ask
him a single question?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. BEAMAN. Are not the deputies also
paid out of the salaries of the collcctors?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BEAMAN. So I understand.
Mr. STEVENS. The collector has to pay all
the expenses.
Mr. BEAMAN. Of the deputies as well as
the clerks?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if the
Committee of Ways and Means have any data
by which they can inform the House ofthe amount
usually received by the assessors for their com-
pensation. It seems to me from all the informa-
tion I can obtain that the assessors are better
paid than the collectors. They do not give any
bonds*, thoy have no money in their hands*, they
have no risk to run; and still they have a greater
compensation than the collectors. It seems to me
that the compensation of the assessors is too
high, or that of the collcctors is not high enough.
Now, I would ask if there is existing in the Bu^
reau of Internal Revenue, or in the provision of
the Committee of Ways and Means, any data by
which they can inform the House about the act-
ual compensation of the assessors under the law.
Mr. STEVENS. There was nothing from
which we could ascertain that with any certainty.
One thing is certain, however, that with the ex-
ception of the cities the assessors do the most
work
Mr.DAWES. I think there ought to besoms
different proportion fiom what the law now es-
tablishes, some relative alteration in the compen-
sation of the assessors and the collcctois. As it
is now fixed by the law, either the collectors arc
not well enough paid or the assessors are too
well paid, The assessors are not compelled by
the law to pay their assistants as the collectors
are. The assistant assessors are paid a separata
compensation. The assessors are also allowed
clerk hire, almost without limit; at least such is
my observation. They have no responsibility
m the custody or the collection of money; nor
do they run any risk in the enforcement of the
law. Their services are more clerical than that
of the collectors; as I have already said, they have
no compensation to pay to anybody. They have
furnished them rent for their offices, hire for their
clerks, and that, too, to an almost unlimited extent,
and their own compensation as fixed by the stat-
ute, it seems to me amounts to, and I have reason
to think actually does amount to, much more than
