1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
less vigilance through weary months of winter
and summer, and in all weathers, stimulated by
the hope of benefiting their country and receiving
its thanks, as we/1 as by every inducement to
fame and pecuniary reward, if successful, do not
concur in the opinion that the port of Wilming-
ton can be entirely closed by blockade.
Convinced, as this Departmental ways has been,
that it is necessary to take possession of the en-
trances, so as to permit our armed vessels of light
draught to go inside, no opportunity has been
omitted to impress the necessity of joint naval
and military operations for that purpose. The
Navy has been at all times ready to perform its
part in such an expedition; butthe Army has not
yet been able to unite in a conjoint movement.
Neither branch of the service can expect to be suc-
cessful in an attack upon this position independent
of the other. Were there deep water at Wilming*
tori, as at New Orleans, Mobile, and Port Royal,
either of those operations could be repeated at that
point, but by reason of the shoalness of the water,
an exclusively naval operation cannot be relied
upon to be successful.
WESTERN GULF SQUADRON.
An object earnestly cherished by the Navy, but
which had been delayed for Army cooperation,
was the possession of the bay of Mobile. In an-
ticipation that this would receive early attention,
Rear Admiral Farragut rejoined his squadron in
January; but theoperadon was stiUfuuher post-
poned for military demonstrations in Texas and
on Red river.
Commodore Bell, who had been left in charge,
actively cooperated with the Army in its move-
ments for the occupation of certain points in
Texas.
The possession and occupation of Brownsville,
briefly mentioned in my last report, was followed
by a like movement at Brazos, Aransas, and Ca-
belio passes, in all of which the naval forces
detailed by Commodore Bell, and placed under
command of Commander J. H. Strong, afforded
all required assistance.
Pnor to the occupation of the left bank of the
Rio Grande, the mouth of that river had been
made the rendezvous of vessels of various na-
tionalities engaged in violating, indirectly, the
blockade; the demoralized condition of Mexico,
and the mutual rights of the two countries on the
river and at its entrance, affording unusual facil-
ities to the illicit traders. Commander Strong
reported some sixty vessels anchored in theMex-
ican waters of the Rio Grande, carrying on an
extensive trade, chiefly in cotton, with the rebels
through Matamoras, which had thus suddenly
become a great commercial mart. This traffic,
which had been prosecuted with success, in con-
sequence of our inability, under treaty stipula-
tions, to completely blockade the Rio Grande,
was effectually stopped by the occupation of
Brownsville, which was followed by the Presi-
dent's proclamation of February 18, 1864, relax-
ing, conditionally, the blockade of that port.
But this possession of the several ports of
Texas was of short duration. After a few
months' occupation the military forces were
withdrawn, and the duty of guarding that ex-
tensive coast was thus again devolvedexclusively
upon the Navy. Under orders of August 18 to
Rear Admiral Farragut, the blockade was re-
sumed on the 9th of September, and has been
since maintained. I
The bay of Mobile, guarded at its entrance'by
two imposing fortifications constructed by the
Federal Government in former years, was diffi-
cult to blockade, and was one of the principal
ports for illicit trade with the rebels. It had been
the steady purpose of this Department togetpos-
session of that bay as soon as operations on the
Mississippi would permit the detachment of a
sufficient cooperating military force for the expe-
dition. But repeated cooperative movements
having this purpose in view were commenced,
and then abandoned for Army operations else-
where. In the mean time the rebels, availing
themselves of this delay and of the advantages
of this position, proceeded to the collection and
construction of a formidable navy, with a view
of raising the blockade.
The information received was of such a char-
acter that the Department deemed it important
that Rear Admiral Farragut should resume his
command, which he did, and on the 18th of Jan-
uary arrived off Mobile. It was no part of the
plans or intentions of that officer or of the De-
partment to await the offensive movements of
the rebel commander. To attack, not to defend,
was his policy; and it was with some impatience
that he awaited the means to justify him in put-
ting that policy into successful operation. Know-
ing the disadvantage of attacking iron-cased ves-
sels with wooden ones, and that, too, in the face
and under the guns of heavy fortresses without a
cooperating land-force, he deferred the movement
until the necessary elements of success could
reach him. But in the mean time he stood ever
ready to meet and measure his strength with the
iron-clad fleet of Buchanan, should it venture to
come out. Thus he constantly threatened an
attack on Mobile, thereby aiding the Army in its
general movements elsewhere.
Military cooperation was secured in the early
part of August, and two iron-clads from James
riverand two from the Mississippi havingreached
him, Rear Admiral Farragut, at 5.40 o'clock on
the morning of the 5th of August, got his fleet
under way and entered Mobile bay, passing be-
tween Forts Morgan and Gaines. Silencing their
guns as he passed, he encountered the rebel squad-
ron, which by 10 o'clock was dispersed, captured,
or destroyed. This engagement, in many respects
oneof the most remarkable on record,and which
added new luster even to the renown of Rear Ad-
miral Farragut, was not without serious loss on
the part of his fleet. The most serious of these
was the destruction of the iron-clad Tecumseh,
one of his most formidable vessels, by a torpedo,
early in the action, and the loss of her gallant
commander, T. A. M. Craven, and nearly all of
her brave officers and crew. It was from the
Tecumseh that the first shot was fired at Fort
Morgan. The total casualties, not including those
of the Tecumseh, were fiftyrtwo killed, and one
hundred and seventy wounded.
After the capture of one of the rebel gunboats
by the Metacomet, and the retreat of two others
under the guns of Fort Morgan, the iron-clad ram
Tennessee, bearing the flag of the rebel Admiral
Buchanan, maintained the contest. For awhile
the action was fierce and sanguinary. The wooden
ships defiantly encountered the Tennessee, al-
though her armor was impervious to their guns,
while our iron-clads grappled fiercely with their
formidable antagonist. The Manhattan, with
one of her 15-inch shot, broke through the armor
of the Tennessee, and a monitor shot also disa-
bled the steering gear, and thus rendered her help-
less. At ten o'clock she surrendered. Twenty
officers and about one hundred and seventy men
were captured in this vessel, and ninety officers
and men in the Selma. The capture of these two
vessels, and the retreat of the two remaining rebel
gunboats under the guns of Fort Morgan, termin-
ated the glorious battle of the 5th of August.
On the following day one of the iron-clads
shelled Fort Gaines with such effect that Colonel
Anderson, the commander, senta communication
to Rear Admiral Farragut offering to surrender.
General Granger, commanding the United States
military forces, was sent for, and the terms of
capitulation were signed by the respective parties
on board of the Hartford.
From this time onward movements were in prog-
ress for capturing Fort Morgan, and on the 22d
of August, at day dawn, a bombardment was
opened from the shore batteries, the monitors and
ships inside, and the vessels outside the bay. A t
six a. m. of the 23d a white flag was displayed
by the rebels, and at two o'clock p. m. the fort
was unconditionally surrendered to the Navy and
Army of the United States. A naval shore bat-
tery did good service on this occasion.
Fort Powell had been already attacked on the
night of the 5th and blown up, the guns falling
into our hands.
Th^capture of FortsPowell, Gaines, and Mor-
gan, and the destruction of the rebel fleet, gave us
possession of the bay and closed the port to all
ingress or egress of blockade runners. This was
all that was contemplated. Possession of the city
of Mobile could not make the blockade more ef-
fectual, and without a sufficient cooperating land
force, which could not then be spared, to take'and
hold the place, further demonstration was not
advisable.
To obstruct naval operations the bay ha&been
strewn with torpedoes, and as late as the j?)th of
September Rear Admiral Farragut wrote the De-
partment that he was still engaged in removing
them. One hundred it was reported had been
placed in the bay the rebels.
EAST GULP SQUADRON.
The limits of the Eastern Gulf squadron have
been extended so as to embrace within its cruis-
ing grounds the waters of the Bahamas and the
vicinity of Cuba.
On the 7th of August Acting Rear Admiral
Bailey, whose health was suffering from the de-
bilitating influence of the climate, turned over the
command of the squadron by permission of the
Department to Captain Theodora P. Greene, the
officer next in rank, and came North. Captain
Greene continued in command until the 12/h of
October, when he was relieved by Acting Rear
Admiral C. K. Stribling.
Notwithstanding the sanitary precautions adopt-
ed for the health of this squadron, many of the
vessels failed to escape the infection of the yellow
fever, so much and so justly dreaded, and had to
seek a northern climate during the summer. The
system of promptly ordering vessels to a healthier
locaiity the moment they become infected has been"
in its effect salutary, the ravages of the disease
have thereby been checked, and the ship's com-
plement soon restored to the usual^ standard of
health.
Although the squadron was temporarily reduced
by these withdrawals, no serious interruption took
place in the disposition of the blockade, which has
continued to be effective. Less frequent captures,
and other indications, demonstrate that the tiaffic
and communication with the Florida coast has
pretty much ceased.
j The monotony of blockade life has, in repeated
i instances, bdjn broken by boat expeditions and
' armed incursions for the destruction of salt man*
1 ufactories, which abound on the Florida shore,
many of whtoh are the public property of the in-
surgents. These expeditions, although appar-
ently unimportant when compared with the great
naval achievements which have given renown to
our sailors jii neighboring waters, have neverthe-
less inflicted serious injury upon the rebels, by
exhausting their resources, and have developed
the zeal and energy of our officers arid seamen.
A number of such expeditions have been organ-
ized during the year and conducted to a success-
fulissue with little lossof life,and without relax-
ing or neglecting the special and paramount ser-
vice of the blockade.
In Mayan expedition was planned by the rebels
for capturing or destroyingoneof our blockading
steamers off Appalachicola. The organization
consisted of some hundred men led by rebel naval
officers. Information of the proposed movement
was timely received, and ajoint naval and mili-
tary force was dispatched against the party and
succeeded in capturing some of them, with six
of their seven boats, their ammunition, flags, and
accompaniments. Detailed reports of this affair,
as well as of others, which are creditable to the
officers and men engaged in them, form a part of
the appendix to this report.
SOUTH ATLANTIC SQUADT10N.
The coast under blockade by the South Atlan-
tic squadron is about three hundred miles in ex-
i tent, and a considerable portion of it is a network
of inlets and sounds. Within the limits of this
command are two of the chief seaports of the
insurgents—Charleston and Savannah—cities of
wealth and marts of commerce in other days, but
the war which they commenced,and which they
still continue to wage against the Union, has
caused each of them lo be sealed up, and has de-
stroyed their wealth and prosperity.
The craving for commerce anil luxuries at
Charleston, which the rebellion has not extin-
guished, with the increasing hazards of running
the blockade at Wilmington, have prompted some
reckless adventurers to expose their fortunes in
efforts to elude the squadron of Admiral Dahlgren.
! Several valuable steamers having been lost in these
