700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
A
require a. netv bond at such times as he shall deem
necessary-
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. The law has been
changed before, but new bonds were not required,
j want to provide against the contingency of
these bonds becoming null and void.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the last
proviso, by inserting the words " school books,"
so that it will read:
Provided, further, That there shall be exempt from dis-
traint the tools or implements of a trade or profession, one
cow, arms, and provisions, and household furniture kept
for use, school books, and apparel necessary for a family.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by inserting the following:
And hereafter there shall he assessed and collected a tax
of fifty cents per gallon on all domestic spirits on hand for
sale.
The question was taken,and there being, on
a division, no quorum voting,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Washburne, of Illinois, and
holman.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 26, noes 44; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
to call the roll.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest that the gentleman
from Illinois can offer his amendment to any other
part of the bill to-morrow or nextday; and I ask
him to withdraw it now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that I shall be here to-morrow or nextday.
I do not see why this matter cannot be compro-
mised by having a vote taken if) the House by
yeas and nays. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] agreed to that on another
question.
Mr. NELSON. How often must this ques-
tion be determined by the House?
Mr. STEVENS. The constant repetition of
this proposition is destroying and unsettling the
business of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it un-
settle it.
The roll was then called, and eighty-two mem-
bers answered to their names—not i\ quorum.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union having found itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to be culled, and had directed
him to report the names of the absentees to the
House.
The following are the names of the absentees:
James C. Allen, William j. Alien, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold, Afdiley, Bally, Augustus 0, Baldwin, Blame,
Blair, ulifs, Blow, Hrandopee, Brook-*, William G. Biown,
("hauler, Frcem.ui (?laik<*, Clay, CofTimh, Cole, Cr«*sw<MI,
IJc-my VVinter Davis, I);iw«on, IJenison, Dixon, Donnelly,
JHnnont, Kdc!], English, Enick, Ganson, Gooeh, (iiidci,
G11iinci!, Harding, fl.mimiton, Benjamin G. Mains, Her-
jriek, lloti-hki^s, Hntchm*-, JVim-Iu-h, William Jolin>on,
Julian, Fuijoh W. Kellogg, Kernan, King, SviMpp, Law,
Lazrar, f.e Blond, Loan, Longyc.ir, Mulloiy, Maiey, Mc-
Dowell, Melmloe, M<"Kinney, William IJ. Miller, Moor-
heads Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Mjer*, Noble, Nor-
ton, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, IVriv, Price, Kadlord,
Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
Rol>m«-f n, ltogei*, Edw.ud II. Rollins, J.unes rf. Rolling
Ross, Schenek, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
John B. {Steele, Stuart, Hweat. Thomas, Van Vulkenluugli,
Voorhees, Wiid-wonh, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joxppli VV White, Williams, Wuuloin, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Ycaman—100.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 22, noes 54.
Mr. FRANK demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
CALL OF Til 13 IIOUSB.
Mr. WILSON moved a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the House
adjourn. It is useless to remain here.
The question was taken; and,upon adivision,
there were—ayes 23, noes 53.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. A call of the House having
been ordered, the Clerk will proceed to call the
roll.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there can
be a vote on this amendment to-morrow
Several Members. Order! Order!
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order; the
Clerk will proceed with the call.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. James C. Allen, William j. Allen, Alley. An-
derson, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Blow, Brandegee, Brooks, WilliamG.
Brown, Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Coffroth, Cole,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Pcnison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Duinont, Eden,English, Finck,Ganson, Gooch,
Grider, Gunnel!, Hardin?, Harrington, Benjamin G. Har-
ris, Herrick, ilotchkiss, Hutchms, Jonckcs, William John-
son, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, King, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear, Marcy, McDow-
ell, Melmloe, MeKhmey, William II. Miller, Moorhead,
Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Noble, Norton, John
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perry, Price, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robin-
son, Rogers, Edward H. Roihns, James S Rollins, Ross,
Schenck, Scott, Sloan, Smith, Smirhers, John B. Steele,
Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees,
Wadsworth, VVehster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W.White, Williams, Wmdom, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—89.
The list of absentees was then called.
Mr. SPALDING moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will now
close the doors of the Hall, and the Clerk will
call the list of absentees for the purposeof receiv-
ing; excuses.
The dnQrs were then closed, and the names of
the absentees were called, as follows:
James C. Allen. No excuse offered.
William J. Allen. No excuse offered.
Lucien Anderson. No excuse offered.
Isaac N. Arnold. No excuse offered.
James M. Ashley. No excuse offered.
Joseph Baily. No excuse offertd.
Augustus C. Baldwin. No excuse offered.
James G. Blaine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] be ex-
cused, as he has been confined to his room all
day by sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Jacob 15. Blair. No excuse offered.
George Bliss. No excuse offered.
Henry T. Blow. No excuse offered.
Augustus Brandegee.
Mr. DEMING. My colleague [Mr. Brande-
gee] left the Hall this morning in consequence of
indisposition. I move that he be excused.
The motion-was agreed to.
James Brooks. No excuse offered.
William G. Brown. No excuse offered.
John W. Chanler. No excuse offered.
Freeman Clarke. No excuse offered.
Brutus J. Clay. No excuse offered.
Alexander II.Coffroth. No excuse offered.
Cornelius Cole. No excuse offered.
John A. J. Creswell.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Creswell] has been con-
fined to his room for two or three days past by
illness. I move, therefore, that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry Winter Davis.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has also been con-
fined to his room since the day before yesterday
by illness. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John L. Dawson.
Mr. MALLOUY. I move he be cxcused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Charles Denison.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I am not
informed as to the cause of the absence of Mr.
Denison; but I know that he is in very poor
health, and is unable to attend all the sessions of
the House, as is known to many gentlemen, I
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Nathan F. Dixon. No excuse offered.
Ignatius Donnelly. No excuse offered.
Ebenezer Dumont.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is well known that my
colleague [Mr. Dumont] is in very poor health.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John R. Eden. No excuse offered.
" James E. English. No excuse offered.
William E. Finck. No excuse offered.
John Ganson.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Daniel W. Gooch.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague [Mr. Gooch]
has been detained at his room for several days
by very severe sickness in his family. 1 move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry Grider.
• Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I have been
so unfortunate in the excuses which I have offered
for my friends to-night that I do not know but
that I ought to get some other gentleman to pre-
sent the excuse formy colleague, [Mr. Grider;]
but I will say for him that I have no doubt that
he is detained at home by the infirmities incident
to old age. He is too old a man to be requited
to come here; and I move, therefore, that he be
excused. Now, gentlemen, be kind.
The motion was not agreed to.
Josjah B. Grinnell.
Mr. HUBBARD, of fowa. I would say that
my colleague, [MA Grinnell,] has been quite
unwell during the day; and 1 think he is detained
to-night in consequence of sickness. I move that
he be excused.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would state, also,
that the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell]
was obliged to leave the House this afternoon,
before the adjournment, on account of a sudden
and apparently quite severe indisposition. I am
certain that it would not have been prudent for
him to come out of his room to-night.
The motion was agreed to.
Aaron Harding. No excuse offered.
Henry W. Harrincton. No excuse offered.
Benjamin G. Harris. No excuse offered.
Anson Herrick. No excuse offered.
Giles W. Hotciikiss.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. My colleague
is detained from the House by sickness; and I
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Wells A. Hutciiins. No excuse offered.
Thomas A. Jenckes.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, just before
the House adjourned this aftei noon Mr. Jenckes
said to me that he was so unwell that he would
bo compelled to leave. I have no doubt that he
is not well enough to be present this evening,
and I move that he be cxcused.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that Mr. Jenckes
will be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Wili.iam Johnson.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Mr. John-
son said to mc when we were both riding in the
cars that he had been unwell for several days,
and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
George W. Julian. No excuse offered.
Francis W. Kellogg. No excuse offered.
Francis Kernan.
Mr. ODELL. My colleague was called home
in consequence of sickness in his family lust
week, and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to,
Austin A. King. No excuse offered.
Anthony L. Knapp. No excuse offered.
John Law.
Mr. CRAVENS. My colleague is generally
very attentive to the business of the House, and
as he is an old man I move that he be excused.
Mr. EDGERTON. I think that my colleague
ought to be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Jesse Lazear.
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague has gone to
Baltimore to meet some members of his family,
and I move that he be excused.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is he in the city now?
Mr. ANCONA. He is not. "
The motion was agreed to.
Francis C. Le Blond. No excuse offered.
Benjamin F. Loan.
Mr. BOYD. 1 understand that my colleagues,
Messrs. Loan and Iving, have had an arrange-
ment to meet the Secretary of War this evening,
