10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5^
38th Gong. ... 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Sex ate & Ho. of Reps.
buflt or building of iron, and will have strength
sufficient for sea service as weH as for inland wa-
ters. One of them, the Wateree, sent round Cape
Horn, reached San Francisco in September last,
and is on duty in the Pacific.
Jp:order fco have armed-vessels suitable for naval
Operations on the Mississippi and its tributaries,
the Department invited plans and propositions
fyom ghfp-buiiders and others acquainted with
ihoo$ waters, aj>d the vessels built on those rivers
have, been chiefly from the plans submitted by
parties {hus.invited. Two of these vessels, built
at St. Louis, participated in the action with the
febel ram Tennessee, and have done good sei vice
in Mobile bay.
The entire class of monitor or turreted vessels
has been brought into existence during this war,
a*\d the coast and harbor iron-clads have been
Serviceable in James river, at Charleston, and at
l^LobHe. Modifications and improvements have
been made in this class of armored vessels.
The .pressure for iron-clads of light draught,
which could ascend the rivers and penetrate the
sounds and bays along our coast, was felt to be a
necessity. The operations of our armies in the
vicinity of the inland water and adjacent to the
rivers required the constant presence of gunboats.
But the men thus employed, us well as the maga-
zines and machinery of the vessels, are exposed,
especially in the narrow streams with high and
wooded banks. Some vessels, and not a few val-
uable lives, have been lost by these exposures,
and 10 order to alford all possible protection to the
ga^ant men who encounter these dangers, the De-
partment considered it a duty to provide armored
vessels of light draught for their security. Con-
tracts were entered into for the construction of
twenty vessels on the monitor principle, each to
carry two 11-ineh guns, in order to be efficient,
and to draw but seven feet of water.
It was ascertained, however, when the first two
approached completion that their draught of wa-
ter was mote than was intended. The heavy
armor and the two 11-inch guns, with the ma-
chinery to give them proper speed, involved the
necessity of enlarging the capacity of each of
them. When making these necessary altera-
tions it was deemed advisable, underapplioationa
from some of the commanders of squadrons for
boats that should present hut a small use above
the surface of the water, to dispense with the tur-
rets in five of these light-draught vessels, with a
view to special operations. The remaining fif-
teen were ordered to be enlarged by raising then-
decks, thereby giving them additional tonnage
and greater draught, and making them more effi-
cient, but in other respects,carrying out the ori-
ginal design. This work is now being performed,
and more of the vessels are near completion.
The exigencies of the times and the-'necessities
of the war have stimulated the inventive facul-
ties of our countrymen to vast improvements in
vessels, in engines, in ordnance, and projectiles.
That in some instances they are not at first en-
tirely-successful is notsurprismg. Misfakesand
e-veh failures will occur. In nearly every class
of vessels that has been built, and especially those
that are armored, more or less alteiatjons have
been found necessary while they were being con-
structed. Only two of the monitor class of ves-
sels—the Dictator and the Puritan—are proposed
for sea service. Their success, of which the in-
ventor and builder is sanguine, is among the ex-
periments that the period and the exigencies of
the country have imposed upon the Department.
Four turretcd vessels have been built in the
navy-yards of wood and cased with iron, differing
therein from the original monitors, which are ex-
clusively of iron. One of them, the Monadnock,
nowin-oommission, has perfoimed her tups from
Boston-to Hampton Roads with entiie satisfac-
tion, giving assutance thatthis experiment, devi-
ating in essential respects fiom others, is hkely to
be tvuceessful. The draught of water of the
Monadnock is twelve feet,and with two independ-
ent screws she has a speed of ten knots. Four
other similar vessels of a still more formidable
and invulnerable character are building.
The only sta-going iron-clad ships, besides the
two turreted vessels already mentioned, are the
New Ironsides, built tin 1862; the Roanoke, one
ofUbe-old frigates which has been armored, and
the Dunderberg, a casemate vessel. For this
vessel the contractor has promised a speed of fif-
teen knots at sea.
The Department has, on seveial occasions, in-
vited propositions for iron sea-going armored
ships, but Congtess having declined to make the
necessary appropriations, no measures have beert
taken for their construction.
The vessels recently built, and at present con-
structing in the navy-yaids, are of wood, the
smaller class of theni being gunboats, eight of
which are of the class of the Nipsic, of 60U tons,
mounting one heavy pivot and four broadside
guns. There aie four of the class of the Nan-
tucket, of 900 tons, mounting one heavy pivot,
with six broadside guns. In addition to these
there are four vessels of the class of the Algona,
with a tonnage of 1,350 tons, and proportionate
armament. All of these vessels have very consid-
erable steam power, and will, as some of them
have already proved,.be efficient cruisers at sea.
The immediate wants of the blockade having
been supplied by the vessels built and altered in
the navy-yards, and by purchase of the best mer-
chant steameis capable of beanng heavy arma-
ment, the attention of the Department has been
bestowed on larger and more imposing ships,
such as would be foimidable not only for home
defense but for foreign service. The position and
inlluenccof a nation among the great commercial
and maritime Powers of the world aie to a great
extent dependent on its naval ability. Limited
appropriations have already been made by Con-
gress for vessels of this character. Each suc-
ceeding year of this war has produced from for-
eign ship-yards steamers of greater speed to run
the blockade, and the reliable pieventive of this
illicit trade must be found in vessels of increased
steam power, By making them of sufficient size
they will be formidable, not only to neutral vio-
lators of our laws, but to any enemy. Of the
vessels on which some sacrifice of armament has
been made to obtain speed there arc seven build-
ing, three of which ave already luunched,and the
others will soon be ready. Two of these vessels
are being built by contiact, and five in the navy-
ytuds. This class of vrhsels is lepiesented by
the Ammonoosuo and the Chattanooga. The.ie
aie also m progress of consliuction twenty ves-
sels with steam machinery of lather less powei,
hut which aie to be much more heavily aimed
Ten of these, of tin- class of the Illinois, the
Guernere, and the Java, have covered gun decks,
and will cany twenty heavy guns. Two will
have a plating of thin iron as a protection from
shells. The remaining ten, of the class of the
Contoocook and Manitou, building m the navy-
yaids, aie of less size but with equal machinery
and intended foi greater speed. As all of them
will be provided with masts and sails, they can
be cruising vessels and used on foreign stations.
STEAM MACHINERY.
As our Navy has become not only exclusively
a steam Navy, but a very large one, with an enor-
mous consumption of coal and great expenditure
for the construction and repair of machinery, it
becomes a matter of the first consequence that only
the best machinery be obtained for it. This pi ob-
lem is one of very difficult, costly, and slow solu-
tion. The great maritime countries of England
and France have not yet solved it, either in the
commercial or war marine, and at this hour the
best authorities do not agiee upon it. So many
conditions enter into the problem that as promi-
nence is given more or less to one or the other dif-
ferent conclusions arc reached. It is evident that
as the question is purely a practical one, it can
only be answered by extensive experience and ac-
curate observations. Mindful of the importance
of this matter, the Department, notwithstanding
the great pressure upon its resources by the war,
has kept it in view and promoted by every means
the acquisition of the necessary information. The
propoi ttons of hulls have been varied with a view
to determine the relative development of speed in
proportion to given power; machinery has been
constructed upon diflercrittypesand systems,and
the Department has encouraged q.11 offers from citi-
zens, as well as from its own officers, to build new
machinery that gave promise of impiovemeut.
The Navy at this moment contains marine ma-
chinery on an extensive scale of every kind; their
results are in its log-books, fi om which can be de-
termined their various merits, both for general ser-
vice and for particular applications.
In the new screw gunboats machinery hasbeen
used designed by Corless, of Providence, Rhode
Island; J. Ericsson, of New Yoik; William
Wright, of Wood ruff & Beach's establishment, at
Haitford; Mcrrick & Sons, of Philadelphia, and
the Bureau of Steam Engineenng of the Depart-
ment. This was competitive machinery to be of
equal power propelling the same hull.
In thedouble-bowed paddle-wheel steamers ma-
chine) y has been employed designed by Merrick
& Sons, of Philadelphia; by E. N. Dickerson,
and by the Buicau of Steam Engineering.
In the large sloops-of-war, of thieo thousand
tons and over, competitive machinery is being
placed by the above parties, and by J. Encsson.
In the frigates and sloops of the old Navy, and
in some of those builtdurmg the kh iy part of the
present Administration, machinery was employed
designed by most of the principal establishments
m the country. The Fulton Iron Works and
Morgan Iron Woiks, of New York; Messrs.
Woodruff & Beach, of Hartfoid, Connecticut;
Harrison Loring,and the Atlantic Woi ks, of Bos-
ton; Merrick & Sons, of Philadelphia; the Vulcan
Wotks, of Baltimore, and the Bureau of Steam
Engineering.
in these vessels nearly every variety and type
of engine, of valve gear, of rate of expansion, of
surface condenser, of screw propeller, and of boil-
ers, have been thotoughly tested; but the results
thus far show that the machinery designed by the
Steam Engineering Bureau of the Department has
not been surpassed, pel haps not equaled, by any
of its competitors, whrlc in many cases their re-
sults have been gieatly below it.
In us iron-clads the Depaitment has experi-
mented by the construction of diffeient classes
and sizes, both in wood and iron, propelled by
one sciew, and by two sciews, working inde-
pendently of each other. In its most recent con-
structions, of the Miantonomah class, a wooden
vessel designed by the naval constructors and built
at the navy-y ai ds, wn h Encsson tun ets,and ma-
chineiy designed by the Buieau of Steam Engi-
noei in^, a h itrh i ate of speed , pei fret vt-n ulation,
impregnability, and the enoi mous battery of four
15-inchguns, have been combined m a vessel of the
moderate size of fifteen hundred and sixty-four
tons, drawing only twelve feet of water. These
vessels are free from the disadvantage of fouling,
which so greatly reduces the speed of iron ones
Others of this type, but of increased tonnage,
are in process of construction, to haw still higher
speed and be adapted to coast seivice.
Ill the steamers bought from the commercial
marine of the country, and in the captured block-
ade runners, now adapted for naval service, are
to be found every variety of machineiy, both
screw and paddle-wheel, constructed either in this
country or Great Britain. So far as the exigen-
cies of the war would permit, the diffeicut types
of machinery have been submitted to careful ex-
periment to ascertain their relative incuts. Nearly
every variety of boiler and of expansive geai,of
rate of expansion, and of saturated and super-
heated steam, has been made the subject of accu-
rate exf ei iment, and it is believed that the files of
the Department contain the latest and most relia-
ble information on these subjects. A chief engi-
neer of the Navy has been sent to Europe to col-
lect information on these topics m addition to the
published accounts and official reports.
Nearly all the kinds of coals of the seaboard
States have been the subject of careful experi-
ment, with a view to ascertain Lheir comparative
value for naval purposes. A boaid of engineers
•has also experimented with petiolcum as a sub-
stitute for coal in naval steamers.
As opinion appears to have settled upon the
horizontal and the vertical tubular boilers as the
only ones proper for naval service, the Depart-
ment has had one of each kind manufactured,
according to designs furnished by aboard of nine
engineers, employed m the principal private
steam-engine manufacturing establishments of
the country, and by the Bureau of Steam En-
j gmeermg, for the purpose of accuiate experi-
1 lttcnts to determine their respective merits. These
