702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest that if the doors
be opened there will be enough of members to
proceed to business. I do not see any necessity
for further proceedings under the call.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the Speaker be
directed to issue his warrant to the Sergeant-at-
Arms to bring in the absentees.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon issued his warrant to the Sergeant-at
Arms to arrest and bring into the House the
absent members who were not excused.
- Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire whether it is in order to move for a war-
rant to issue for the arrest of deserters under the
present draft?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not in order at this time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the warrant
required to be issued be made returnable to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, noon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that that
motion is not in order, as by adjournment all
proceedings under the call are thereby termin-
ated. It has been tried in various Congresses to
have the effect of the call operate upon the next
day; and it has been repeatedly decided, upon
appeal ami otherwise, that it cannot be done.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I care nothing about the
effectupon theeall; Ionly wantmy motionadopted.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
The Digest, on page 35, states that by an adjourn-
ment pending the call, all proceedings under the
call are terminated.
Mr. PRUYN. Cannot the House take a re-
cess until to-morrow noon?
The SPEAKER. The Digest states that it is
not in order to take a recess pending a call.
Mr. PRUYN. The Clerk has concluded the
coll.
The SPEAICER. The House is now engaged
in concluding proceedings under the cull.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to sus-
pend the rule, so that we can take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
to adjourn.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. No; I move to
suspend the rule.
'lhe SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules can only be made on Monday after the
morning hour.
Mr. NELSON. Would it be in order to move
to dircct the Sergeant-at-Arms to appoint such
members of the House as are now present his
assistants?
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. ODELL. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is a call of the House; and the House is pro
ceeding under that call now.
Mr. MORRIS, of Oliio. I understand that the
question pending in the Committee of the Whole,
when it was f. und that there was no quorum,
was taxing the stock of whisky on hand. I want
to know whether it is in order, pending that ques-
tion, to consume the stock on hand. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. It seems to me that we have done
enough to vindicate the dignity of the House; I
therefore move the House do now adjourn.
The question was then taken, and, upon a di-
vision, resulted—ayes 21, noes 40.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Sergeant-at-Arms then appearedat the bar
of the House, having in custody Messrs. Mor-
risok, Radford, and Webster.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Morrison, you have
been absent from the sessionsof this House with-
out leave. What excuse have you to render for
your absence?
Mr. MORRISON. I presume I did not start
from my lodgings as early as I ought to have
done to come to this Hall.
Mr. COX. I move that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Morrison] be excused, upon the
payment of the usual fee.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then said: Mr. Radford, you
have been absent from the sessions of this House
without leave. What excuse have you to render
for your absence?
Air. RADFORD. I went to bed as soon as I
got home; and as soon as I woke up I came here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Radford] be excused.
A Member. Upon the usual terms ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, upon the usual terms.
Mr. FRANK. I would ask, what are the usual
fees?
The SPEAKER. Two dollars for each arrest,
one dollar for each day's custody, and ten cents
a mile for travel.
Mr. RADFORD. I would ask to amend my
excuse, and say that I went to bed sick.
Mr. STEVENS. How did you get up ?
Mr. RADFORD. I got up well. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Radford] be absolutely
excused.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend that mo-
tion by excusing the gentleman upon the pay-
ment of the usual fees. I judge by inspection.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevens, and upon a division it
resulted—ayes 44, noes 37.
So the amendment was adopted.
The motion of Mr. Mallory, as amended, was
then adopted.
The SPEAKER then said: Mr. Webster,
you have been absent from the sessions of the
House without leave. What excuse have you
to render for that absence?
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 came into the House early
in the evening, and feeling indisposed I requested
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to
say as much to the House, if necessary. After-
ward, supposing that he might himself feel in-
disposed, I returned voluntarily to the House.
I am not here as a drafted man, but as a volun-
teer. [Laughter.]
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. 1 would ask the gentle-
man if he was indisposed, or merely indisposed
to stay here?
Mr. WEBSTER. I have made my excuse to
the Speaker. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. X move that the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Webster] be excused.
Mr. STEVENS. J move to amend the motion
so that thegentleman from Maryland [Mr. Web-
ster] be excused upon the payment of the usual
fees.
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRISON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am required to pay the costs of this ar-
rest to the Sergeant-at-Arms. I have here in my
hand the necessary funds, authorized to be issued
by this Government; the Sergeant-at-Arms refuses
to take it,as itisnotlegaltender;yet it is author-
ized Liy Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morrison] has made
tender of the fees ill le<;al tender he has complied
with the order of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not legal tender, but
bank notes authorized by the Government.
The SPEAKER. That raises another question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Morrison] have leave to pay
from stock on hand. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING, (at ten o'clock, p. m.) I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was notagreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 30, noes 47.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move thatall further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire whether a
quorum is yet present.
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope we shall wait for a
quorum.
The motion of Mr. Mallory was notagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to have a count
of the House, to ascertain whether a quorum be
present ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will count the
House, if it be desired.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the House be
counted.
The Speaker, after counting, announced that
eighty-nine members were present.
Mr. WILSON. It is now ten minutes past ten
o'clock. The Sergeant-at-Arms has gone into the
city to arrest some of the absentees. It will cer-
tainly be some time before he can return with any
of them. I therefore move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 35, noes 41.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Alessrs. Farns-
worth, and Johnson of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—■
ayes 31, noes 51.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pruyn] have leave to give the
reasons for the exclusion of the presidential vote
of West Virginia. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to make some
remarks on the position which the House now
presents before the country, and on the question
whether we are not bringing ourselves into con-
tempt before the whole country by the course we
are now pursuing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
make those remarks by unanimous consent.
Several Members. tl I object."
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question. Although not well, I came
here to-night intending to participate in the delib-
erations of the House if anything of importance
should be transacted. I do not now feel well,and
I would like the House to grant me permission to
retire. I wish to go to my bed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks leave of absence during the remainder
of this day's session. Shall it be granted?
Leave was granted, there being, on a division-
ayes 37, noes 25.
Mr. STEVENS. Can a member be excused
when there is no quorum voting ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that he
can. A number of absentees have been excused
to-night without a quorum.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the gentleman from Kentucky be permitted
to put in an able-bodied substitute.
Mr. ELDRI DGE. A white man? [Laughter.]
Mr. I! ALOW1N, of Massachusetts. Seriously,
I think that we have carried tins thing farenuugii,
and I move that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with.
Mr. COX. I call for a division of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
The House divided, and there were—ayes 33,
noes 48.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the gentleman from Kentucky was ex-
cused. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to.
The question lecurred on the motion to excuse
Mr. Mallory.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 33,
noes 46.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Mai.lory.
Mr. PIKE moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I move that the doors be opened.
Mr. WILSON. What will be the effect of
that?
The SPEAKER. It will have the same effect
as a motion to dispense with all further proceed-
ings under the call.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved that leave be granted
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to go on with his speech on reconstruc-
tion.
Objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman is anxious to give his expei lences of be-
ing under arrest, and 1 move that he have permis-
sion to do so.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved
that there be a sanitary commission appointed
upon the condition of the absent members who
were reported sick.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Will it be in
