14
APPENDIX,TO rgHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
relinquish the system of annual contracts alto-
gether, and authorize purchases to be made by
agents of probity, whose fidelity and integrity
have been tested through years of faithful ser-
Yiee, and who have a life-long commission as well
as a character to lose as a penalty for malfeasance.
.Another source of embarrassment m procuring
iwritl supplies has been the delay and uncertainty
■of payment. Unless a definite time for payment
is fixed; a^id bills are promptly met, or unless in-
terest be allowed during the delay of, payment,
the Government will inevitably become a large
sufferer. Many of the best* merchants in our
prttoGipal-cities, who have heretofore sought deal-
ings with the Government, now decline accepting
an otder on any terms.
If has never been the policy of this Department
to'ad vance mon^y to its agents, and they cannot
for this reason make cash payments. Requisi-
tions are drawn on the Secretary of the Treasury
only for matured bills,and evei y day's delay in the
payment of a fulfilled contract is a wrong and a
loss to the holder, and of ultimate serious injury
to the Government. Asaconsequence, the Gov-
ernment is diivcn to other, and often less honest
dealers, and is compelled to pay for subsequent
purchases higher rates. Government, instead of
being shunned and distrusted for neglecting to
make prompt payment for value received, should,
for its prompt payments, be a favored purchaser
in any market—enabled to den! with the manu-
facturer or producer atfiist prices instead of wuh
second and third hands.
If supplies are procured when wanted and as
Wan ted, at the market pi ice, either in open pui -
chase, by an honest agent, or upon bids received
for immediate delivery, with prompt payment,
immense sums would be saved to the Department
and the Government.
i have heretofore referred to the defects and
abusey piacticed under the existing laws ofaward-
ing annual contracts for naval supplies to the lowest
bidder. Whatever may be the character or rep-
utation of the bidder for fair and honest dealing,
no discretion is given to any officer of the Gov-
ernment in the piemises, nor can any officer de-
cline the contract, though it may bo obvious the
bidder cannot furnish good arueles at the prices
which he proposes.
Contracts are made under the operation of ex-
isting laws which cannot be honestly fulfilled;
and under the piaetiee that has prevailed the
whole system has become tainted with demoral-
ization and fraud, by winch the honest and fair
dealer is too often driven from the maiket. Ar-
ticles inferior in quality and deficient in quantity
are delivenul and passed. Bribery and other im-
proper pi nctie.es are resorted to,to induce persons
in the employment of the Government to aid in
these frauds.
Malfeasance on the part of officials in connec-
tion with the purchase and delivery of supplies
was alleged to exist, and with the purpose of in-
vestigating and bringing such fraudulent prac-
tices to light application was made to the War
Department, which detailed an officer to prose-
cute these inquiries. The lesult is that many
and great frauds have been discovered. Proceed-
ings have accordingly been instituted, and are
now in progress against some of the parties im-
plicated before military tribunals under the statute,
and against others in the civil courts.
increase of salaries.
In consequence of the greatly increased prices
that prevail, many who are m the clerical employ-
ment ofthe Government, at a compensation estab-
lished prior to the war, are receiving a lemunera-
tion wholly insufficient. The state of the cur-
rency, with other causes, has so affected prices
that these men are receiving relatively but about
one half the pay of former years, and the effect
has been such as to compel many ofthe best clerks
in this Department to leave the Government serv-
ice. This is a public injury, especially m a crisis
like the present. The place of atrexperienced and
accomplished clerk i« at no time easily supplied;
but when such place is vacated for the reason that
it is not remunerative, or that the pay is below
conespondioic situations m private establish-
ments, the difficulty i« increased. It is therefore
1 that the salaries ofthe clerical force, or
a portion of the clerical force, be increased until
the close ofthe war, or until the currency shall
return to a specie standard.
This recommendation is made with some reluc-
tance, and only under a sense of its absolute ne-
cessity at this time. *
master's mates.
When the rate of pay for master's mates was
established itwas thoughtto correspond with that
of other grades, bio the changes in currency and
values which have since taken place render it diffi-
cult to retain in service a suffictentnumber of this
highly serviceable jind meritorious class of offi-
cers. I would therefore recommend that the pay
of master's mates be increased from forty to sixty
dollars per month.
expenses and estimates.
On the 1st day of July, 1863, there was an unexpended
balance (standing to the citdit of the Depattnient
ot $39,101,070 34
The appropuations for the fiscal yoai end-
ing June 30, 3864. were  75,663.037 36
Total available means §115,765,537 70
The expcndituresoftheDeparnnent during
the same ume were  85,733,292 77
Leaving a balancentthecommencementof
the present fiscal year of §30,033,944 93
The uppiopii.uiotife ifoi the cuuentyear uie 109,256,714 54
Making the total available' resoureea foi the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1665 $139,289,059 47
The estimates submitted for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1866, are as follows:
ray of the Navy     $-23,327,722 50
Uoiwti action and lepah of steam nia-
ehiin'ty  17,145,000 00
Ootis-uuction and i«'p ur of vcs.u-lss  21,530.000 00
Oidmmeo and magazines  9.187.615 00
Fuel, hemp, and equipment ot veM>**ls.... 14,050.000 00
Piovihoiis and eioilnng  1.5.923,280 75
Navy-vaidri and viip.>nntend''nt->  4,577,313 00
Navigation and Naval Academy  562,026 00
Surgeons' nccet^aiiet. and hospitals  315.000 00
Marine corps    1 509,087 70
Contingent and miscellaneous  2,970,018 33
Total $112,107,663 28
The expenditures of the Department since the
4th of Match, 3861, have been ns follows:
Fiom 4th of Maieh to close of fwai veai, Jane 30,
1861 ' #6,245.357 63
For fi-eal year endn-g June 30, 1862  42,200.529 06
For fi-c<il year aiding June 30, lw63  63,211.105 27
For fj-aal year ending June 30, 1864  85.733.292 77
Ftom July 1, 1861, to \ vcmher 1, 1864... 41,257,976 72
E-lnnated expenditures fiom Novs'inburl,
1864, to Maicli 4, 1865   42,000,000 00
Total for four year* §280,647.261 45
This exhibits an average annual expenditure,
through four years of expensive war, prose-
cuted under many and great disadvantages, of
§70,161,813. Could the transactions of the Depart-
ment have been conducted on the frne standard of
value, that of gold and silver, or of paper con-
vertible into money at the will of the bolder, our
naval war expenses would scarcely exceed, per-
haps not equal, the current expense of either of
the great maritime Powers during the same period.
There js also tins great difference: those Powers
had o navy aheady constructed and in commis-
sion. We have had to cieate and pay for one,
in addition to our annual current war expenses.
Were the cost of our vessels deducted from the
amount above stated, the expenses of this Depart-
ment would fall millions below tho&e of other
Governments. As the vessels which were built
and purchased have an intrinsic value, the money
paid for them may be considered to be well in-
vested.
The condition of the currency, which has en-
hanced the cost of all materials and supplies, has
swelled the naval expenditures many millions,
while the failure to pay promptly when due the
bills of contractors and others has still further
increased the aggregate of expenditures and aug-
mented the difficulties in the work of creating and
organizing the naval force.
the bureaus.
The reports of the chiefs of the several bureaus
present :n detail the operations of their respective
departments forthe year. As they will be printed
at the commencement of the session of Congress,
it is unnecessary that I should do more than refer
to the principal subjects embraced in them.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
calls attention to the great increase in the cost of
materials and labor, and the consequent deficiency
in some ofthe appropriations. He urges a change
in the present contract system, and gives it as his
opinion that, in consequence of its operation, the
bureau is compelled to pay twenty per cent, more
than the market price for some of the smaller ar-
ticles, which could better be procured by open
purchase. The intelligence, judgment, and great
experience of tins officer entitle his suggestions
to respectful consideration. The delay in pass-
ing the appropriation bill until near the close of
"the long session of Congress is considered an-
other fruitful source of evil. The purchase of ad-
ditional land at Boston and Philadelphia to enlarge
the navy-yards at those places is recommended.
More water front is indispensably necessary.
The report of the chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair explains in detail the kind
of vessels it is proposed to build, and for which
estimates are submitted. He recommends that
provision be made for procuring and keeping on
hand a supply of building timber and material,
the accumulations of past years having been ex-
hausted. He also recommends that measures be
taken to increase the facilities in the several navy-
yards for the construction of vessels. In case of
a foreign war, an additional number of dry docks
would be required. Many importantsuggestions
are made relative to the size of steam war vessels
and the construction of armored vessels, for sea-
service.
The report of the chief of the Bureau of Steam
Engineering contains a review of the operations
of the bureau since the commencement of the war.
Detailed statements are madeof the sizeand power
of the different classes of engines designed by the
bureau and by other parties, and of the results
attained in each case. Particular notice is given
to the experiments which have been made to test
the relative value of engines and boilers; the econ-
omy of using super-heated over saturated steam,
as well as steam with different measures of ex-
pansion; the value of the different kinds of coal,
and of petroleum as a substitute; and of other less
impoitant combinations which enter into the con-
struction and workingofsteam machinery. Draw-
ings and specifications have been furnished for
the machinery of one hundred and sixteen atuam-
ers, having an aggregate burden of 149,906 tons,
besides supplying the necessary drawings and
directions for the alteration and renewal, in whoie
or in part, of the machinery of a very large num-
ber of other vessels.
The chief of the Bureau of Equipmentand Re-
cruiting states the personnel of the JNavy at about
6,000 officers and 45,000 men. Under the opera-
tion of the acts of Congress, giving seamen the
same bounties as soldiers, ami ciediting their en-
listment upon the quotas of towns, the naval de-
ficiencies have been filled. There are now about
two hundred and fifty apprentice boys on the
school-ship Sabine, and the system, as well as
the proficiency of the pupils, is well spoken of.
The consumption of coal this year will be about
five hundred thousand tons. The ropewalif at
the Charlesto-wn navy-yard furnishes all the larger
sizes of rope required, but the facilities at the
Washington navy-yard are entirely inadequate to
supply the needed quantity of cablesand anchors,
and additional establishments are recommended.
The report of the chief of the Bureau of Ord-
nance presents a resume of the history and econ-
omy of our naval ordnance. The constant de-
mands of the Navy during the year for ordnance
and ordnance stores have been promptly met,
and at the same time full attention has been given
to the many new and important ordnance ques-
tions of the day. Among other suggestions, is
that of the removal of our large magazines from
theirpresent locations to more secluded situations.
The importance of the permanent oi gariization of
a gunneiy-ship, as a school for the instruction of
officeis and men preparatory to being placed on
board cruising vessels is again presented. Owing
to the great inrrease of ordnance woik and the
accumulation of material at the New York navy-
yard more room is needed. To meet this require-
ment, the bureau has commenced the fillingupof
