1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL''GLOBE.
15'
38tii Cox«....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senatb'& Ho. of Rejps.
the unoccupied marsh adjacent lt  the cob-dock,
whirl), when comph-ted, wi!i afford ample accom-
modations as well as furnish a park for two thou-
sand c-tnuon, with all appliances for fitting them
for set vice.
The chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing recommendsa new arrangement of store-
houses, and that they be entirely disconnected
from the navy-yards. Also the establishment of
two Government bakeries, and the preparation
by the Government of the preserved meats and
desiccated vegetables which now form a part of
the Navy ration. He also recommends an increase
in the number of paymasters and assistant pay-
masters in the regular service, and {he establish-
ment of the grade of passed assistant paymaster
The extraordinary rise in the puce of provisions
and clothing, and the nicieased number of men in
the service, render additional appropriations neces-
sary.
The chief of the Bureau of Navigation submits*
the usiud iopui ts of the Naval Obsei valory, Nauti-
cal Alumnae office, and the geneial administration
of his department. Neatly all the nautical instru-
ments used m the Navy, which, j.rioi to the war,
weie procured abroad, are now of American maii-
ufaetute, not excepting ohronomoteis and com-
pai nig watches. The same gratifying advance
cannot be stated with reference to niatenal foi
fii^s, as wo still sail underforeign bunting. Not-
withstanding the large quantity used by the Army,
the Navy, and the commercial marine, scarcely
any piogie.ss has been hud in inducing American ;
establishments to undertake its manufacture.
The chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery srates the number of casualties leportod
during the year to be 171 killed and 351 wounded.
Total number of cases of sickness under treat-
ment, 61,239; of winch number 1,048 died, 58,070
weie ietui net! io duty or discharged, leaving 2,111
under treatmentat the close of frheyear. The total
numb -r of deaths is 1,560. He suggests a reor-
ganization of the medical department so as to
place it in better harmony with the growth and
expansion of other branches of the service, and to
adapt if more efficiently to present wants. With
the existing oiganization and pay, it is found
impossible to procure the requisite number of
medical officers, tiie superior inducements held
out to enter the land service attracting many in
thatdnection who would otherwise prefer service
in the Navy. The statistics forming a part of the
repoi t show the large number of resignations, as
"well as the la'ge proportion of those now in the
volunteer service who decline positions in the
permanent corps. Since Januai y, fifty-two resig-
nat.ons have occurred, and quite a number are now
before the Depaitment unaccepted, simply be-
cause of the impossibility of filling the vacancies.
It is suggested that the only remedy is to make
the medical commission more desirable in pay
and position. The subject is commended to the
attention of Congress. Additional appropriations
are requited for the completion of hospitals, and
an alteration of the law of March 3,1851, relating
to the value of rations of sick transfeired to hos-
pitals, is suggested. Authority to purchase the
balance of square No. 948, in the city of Wash-
ington, for a naval hospital, is also requested.
The Government already owning a portion of the
land makes it desirable, on many accounts, that
the lemainder (some fourteen thousand feet)
should also be under control of the Department.
The colonel commandant of the Marine corps,
reports his command in a good stateof discipline.
Although its number is now fully equal to the
quota authorized by law, he is unable to comply
With all the lequisitions for guards for sea-going
vessels. The reports from the several squadrons
and vessels of the service show that, in the gal-
lant deeds of the Navy, the marines have borne
an honorable part.
conclusion.
In this, my fourth annual report, I have sub-
mitted somewhat m detail the condition.of the De-
partment and the service. Tins report presents
the distribution and employment of a maritime
force which, including the additions to H now in
progiess and near completion, constitutes, for all
the purposes of def  nse, if not of attack and con-
quest, the most poweiful national navy in the
world. In four preceding .similar communica-
tions, including that submitted ,to you upon the
assembling of Congress m the extra session of
1861, it has been my duty to exhibitthe methods
and measuies of administration, by which,from
a comparatively small beginning, and under the
pressure of an unexampled exigency, this vast
naval power has, since your accession to the
Presidency, been brought into existence; to state
the contributions which have been made toitfrom
our commercial marine; to indicate the applica-
tion of all the resources of our public naval es-
tablishments to its construction and preparation
for service; to show how individual energy and
skill and capital have come successfully in aid of
insufficient governmental provision for the due
prosecution of the work, and to trace in general
outline the processes and results of inventive ge-
nius and scientific experiment which have changed
to a great extent the materials and forms of na-
val structure and armor and armament, and have
enabled our country, while in so brief a period
assuming a foremost place among maritime na-
tions, to create also a newera in the development
and.application of naval force.
In connection with such account of the sudden
creation of a new American naval power, it has
been at the same time my privilege in these com-,
munications to make official record of a series of
naval enterprises and achievements wholly-with-
out precedent or parallel. No previous concep-
tion of efficient blockade; no former endurance
under the fire of fortified batteries; no audacity
and success heretofore known of naval attack
upon such fortresses, through formidable sub-
marine obstructions spread for their defewse; no
similar penetration by war vessels of internal
waters through a reach of navigationalmostcon-
tinental; no other gigantic scale of cooperation of
naval with army foices in expeditions and com-
j bats hundreds of miles from the seaboard, arid
along the course of rivers precarious and dan-
gerous of navigation, can anywhere be found of
a character to compare with the triumphs in all
these forms of naval effort which it has been the
duty of this Depaitment during the past three
years to organize and to report.
if in the prosecution of duties so arduous, com-
pleted, and exacting, the trust confided to this
Department shall appear to have been faithfully
and fitly discharged, then ceitainly my acknowl-
edgments are still due, as they have been hereto-
fore expressed, to the gentlemen associated with
me in its management, to the whole clerical force,
to the several chiefs of bureaus, and especially to
the invaluable services of the Assistant Secretary
and the chief clerk of the Department.
But it is to the officers and men of our naval
service that the great renown of what has thus
been done,and is doing, justly belongs. The best
administration of this Department can do little
more at any time than to give them the adequate
moans and the right opportunity of action. To
them, therefore, first and always, be the honor,
when their own country and the world shall rec-
ognize in this expansion and these exploits of
our naval power a spectacle of patriotic and vir-
tuous heroism worthy 6f the cause in which it is
displayed, and of the national life which it illus-
trates and defends.
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
To the President.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
November 2, 1864.
Sir: The postal revenues for the year ending
the 30th June last were $12,438,253 78, and the
expenditures of this Department during the same
pi nod were $]2,r44,786 20, showing an excess
of the latter of §206,532 42. The accompanying
table, No. 1, (see appendix,) exhibits the an-
nual postal revenues and expenditures from 1854
to 1864, fiom which i' will he seen that the avei-
ag* annual receipts ot this Department from 1859
to 1861, inclusive, were $8,745 $^2 62, and the
average annual expenditures for the same period
were £14,482,008 44, showing an average annual
excess of expenditures over receipts of $5,736,-
725 82; and the average annual receipts from
1862 to 1884, inclusive, were $10,871,530 97,and
the expenditures $11,694,785 72, showing an
average annual excess of expenditures over re-
ceipts of $823,254 75.
The excess of receipts in 1864 over 1861, the
first year of the rebellion, was $4,088,957 38.
Although the proportion of receipts as against
the expenditures has, doubtless, been increased,
on account of the suspension of the postal service
in the insurrectionary States, the above exhibit
furnishes the evidence of an improving financial
condition of the Department, highly creditable to
the administration of my immediate predecessor.
The details of the financial operations of the
Department during the last fiscal year are set
forth in the accompanying report of the Auditor.
(See No. 21 of the appendix.)
The estimate of expenditure for 1864 was fixed
at $13,000,000,in which was included the sum of
$3,000,000, specially appropriated for the over-
laud mail service, being $355,213 80 more than
the amount actually expended.
On the other hand, the revenues of 1864 were
estimated at an inciease of five per cent, on those
of 1862, making $8,714,000, while they actually
reached $12,438,253 78, or $3,724,253 73 more
than the estimate. This increase equals 42| per
cent.
The increase of expenditures in 1864, compared
with those of 1863, is 11-| per cent., and the increase
in the revenues for the same year 11$ per cent.
This exhibit promises an increase of the reve-
nues for 1865 over the estimate submitted in the
report of last year.
Estimates for 1866:
The expenditures of all kinds for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, J8bt), (>ee table No. 2,) are estimated
at  {$14,098,500 00
The gtoss icvenue foi the year 1866, in-
cluding lbieign postage and miscellane-
ous icceipts, is estimated at an lncicase
of six per cent, on the revenue of 1864,
making    13,184,547 79
Estimated deficiency of revenue compared
with estimated cxpendituie.s  $913,952 21
From tins bum mu-4 be deducted the
amount orthe pciman^ut appropriations
to compensate tin; Depaitment tor carry-
ing free mail matter, under acts of Match
3, 1847, and Maich 3, 1851  700,000 00
By which the estimated deficiency is re-
duced to  $213,952 21
The grants for the transportation of free mail
matter for the last two fiscal years have not
been expended. Assuming that the amount of
$700,000 for the last year is still available, no ap-
propriation for any deficiency in the revenues will
be required.
In making the estimate of probable expendi-
tures for 1866, the amounts actually expended
under the several heads during the past fiscal year
have been taken as a basis; butan increase w sev-
eral ofthe items named has become necessary, par-
ticularly in the appropriation for postage stamps
and stamped envelopes, the estimated cost of the
latter being increased $140,000 per annum, ac-
cording to the tcims of a new contract elsewhere
refened to in this report.
The whole number of drafts and warrants is-
sued during the year to the creditors of the De-
partment, m payment of balances reported to be
due by the Auditor, was 16,608. The warrants
were drawn on the Treasurer ofthe United States,
five Assistant Treasurers, and seven designated
depositation; and the drafts on sixty-five post of-
fice d.'posiuxies, and on the postmasteis at three
hit mi it d and sixty-one draft offices. Of the above-
named post office depositories, forty-five Were es-
tablished on January 1, 1S64.
About 80 per cent, of the net revenue of the
Department for the year, or $7,083,179 81, was
concentrated m the hands of the above-named de-
positaries and at draft offices. Of this amount
§5,327,761 svas disbursed dunns: the year, leaving
subject to draft on July I, lb64, $1,755,418 81.
The remainder of the revenue was collected by
means of oiders issued by the Auditor on post-
masters at collection oiil.e.s, tuid through pay-
ments made by po*-:mab!ers to special mail car-
riers and mail messengers.
During the fiscal year 334,054,610 postage
stamps, of the value of $10,177,327, 26,644,300
stamped envelopes, amounting to $765,512 50,
