1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
The SPEAKER. That question is reserved
until a quorum appears.
Mr. HOLMAN. We can receive it by unan-
imous consent.
The SPEAKER. Until a quorum appears, no
unanimous consent can be granted. No motion
is in order except to adjourn or that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I agree with the suggestions
made of the utter futility under the present rules
of the House to enforce the attendance of a quo-
rum; and I think that we will do well to accept
the lessons of this result to the point of the ne-
cessity of the modification of the rules of the
House. We must leave those gentlemen, who,
being here until within a moment of the taking
of the question on the business of the day, then
left the House, to their constituents and the public
press.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. They will
never hear of it.
Mr. IvELLEY. I think that they will hear
of it. At any rate, if they do not, we may re-
vise the rules of the House to prevent them from
inflicting such a  necessity upon it again.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means, Mr. Lit-
tlejofin, who, the House will remember, has been
in feeble health all the session, be excused from
further attendance upon the session of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsylvania. I move that
the Committee of Ways and Means, having had
extra labor, be all excused.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope not.
Mr. WILSON. They are now attending to
their business.
Mr. Morrill's motion was agreed to.
Mr. LITTLEJOIiN. I propose to offer a res-
olution. I do not know what the practice may be
in this House; but in State Legislatures my prop-
osition has been found efficient to compel the at-
tendance of members. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the members absent without leave of the
House be declared m contempt of its authonty, and that
until they shall purge themselves of such contempt by suf-
ficient excuse, to be icndeied at the present or some sub-
sequent session, they he held to have forfeited their rights
as members.
I know that that has worked a full cure in the
legislative bodies of the States, and 1 think that
it will do so here if there is nothing in the rules
to interfere. I care nothing for precedents. If
there ho nothing in the rules to interfere, and the
resolution be adopted, the absentees to-morrow
will place themselves at the bar of the House and
render their excuses.
Mr. PRUYN. That is a substantive resolu-
tion, and requires a majority of the House to pass
on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules, in accord-
ance with the usasce of the House, that the res-
olution is not in order. The usage has been, since
the formation of the Government, that when a
member shall be said to be in contempt he has a
right to be heard at the bar before final decision
is madf.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which Mi. Littlejoiin was excused from fur-
ther attendance.
Mi. MORRILL moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Thelattei motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask whether it would
not be competent for the House to-morrow to
pass a resolution of censure upon those who are
absent without leave; and if so, whether that
would not meet the difficulty r
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that that
has not been in accordance with the usage, it is
for the House, and not the Chair, to change the
rules, and he can only administer them as they
have been administered by his predecessors.
Mr. ANCONA. I use for the purpose of
making a motion to adjourn. I have thus far
invariably voted against motions of this kind; but
after the action the House has just taken, ex-
cusing two members, and in view of the ineffi-
ciency of the Sergeant-at-Arms in bringing in
members, I think it is foliy for us to remain here.
I therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
42, noes 3<j.
Mr. GARFIELDdemanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 47, not voting 101*,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Boutwell, James S. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Cox,
Eckley, Edgcrton, Eldridge, Frank, Griswold, Holman,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, IJulburd, Ingersoll,
Kaibfleisch, Long, McAllister, MeUride, Middleton, Mor-
rill, James It. Morris, Amos Myers, Pendleton, Piuvn, Rad-
ford, Shannon, Strouse, Tracy, Upson, Ward, and "William
B. Washburn—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Augustus C. Raid win, Beaman,
Boyd, Broomall, Cobb, Cofiroth, Cravens, Thomas T.
Davis, Doming, Uriggs,Eliot, Finck, Garfield, Hall,Charles
Itf. Ilarnc, fligby, Philip Johnson, Kasson, Kelley, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Marvin, McCiurg, Samuel P.
Miller, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Odell, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Perham, Pomeroy, John H. liice,
Ross, Scoficld, Starr, Stiles, Thayer, Tovvnsend, Whaley,
Wilder, Wilson, Winfield, Woodbiidge, and Worthington
—4 /.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Bailv,
Blaine,Blair, Bliss, Blow, Biandegee,Brooks, William G.
Brown, Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Colo, Cieswell,
Henry Winier Davis, D.nves, Dawson, Denison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eden, English, Fainswmth, Ganson,
Gooch, Grider, Grinnell, Halo, Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Derrick, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hutchins,
Jenekes, William Johnson, Julian, Fiancis VV. Kellogg,
Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Lutle-
john, Longyear, Malloiy, Matey, McDowell, Melndoc,
MeKinney, William H. Miller, Moorhead, Darnel Moms,
Noble, Noiton, Oitb, Patterson, Peiry, Pike, Price, Sam-
uel J, Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
Robinson, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Schenek, Seott, Sloan, Smith, Smilheis, Spalding, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Svvoat,
Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wad&worth, Ehhu
B. Washburne, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, VVindom, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeatnan—10J.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. For the purpose of suggest-
ing a question of order, I renew the resolution
ottered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Littlejoiin.]
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be again
read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the members now absent without leave
of the House be declared m contempt of its authonty,and
that until they shall purge themselves of such contempt by
sufficient excuse, to be rendered at the present or some
subsequent session, they be hold to have forfeited their
rights as members.
Mr. WILSON. I will modify the resolution
by striking out so much of it as relates to the for-
feiture of the rights of absentees as members.
1 offer the resolution for thepuipose of calling
the attention of the Chair to a provision in the
Constitution which I think obviates the difficulty
suggested by the Speaker m passing this resolu-
tion. I find this provision in the Constitution
of the United States:
" Each House f hall be the judce of the elections, returns,
and qualifications ot it;- own members, and a majority ol
cadi shall constitute a quoium to do business; but a smaller
number may adjourn irom day to d.iy, and may be author-
ized to compel the attendance! of absent members, in such
manner and under such penalties us each House may pro-
vide."
Now, it may be answered that the manner of
compelling the attendance of members must be
established by the lules of the House prior to the
enforcement of the rule.
But, sir, suppose thatdifHculty should have oc-
curred in the First Confess which convened un-
der the Constitution of the United States, and that
Congress, or any Congress at the commencement
of a new Congress, had found itself without a
quorum befoie any rule had been established,
what remedy would the House have had to com-
pel theattendance of absent members? Isuggest,
sir, that the House, under this provision of the
Constitution, may adjourn fiom duy to day, and
provide for the compelling of the attendance of
absent members under such penalties as may be
prescribed by such portion of the House as may
adjourn from day to day. Otherwise there can
be no pena'ty at all, because a majority of the
membeis, being absent, would have it in their
power to prevent the adoption of any rule by
virtue of which a member may be punished for
absence fioni the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard with
interest the suggestions of the gentk man fiom
Iowa. He ruled the lesolution out of order, and !
reflection has satisfied him that the luhng was |
right. The section of the Constitution read by j
the gentleman provides that a smaller number '
than a quorum may adjourn from day to day,
and may be authorised to compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and under
such penalties as each House may provide. The
words " each House" must have some definition.
If the gentleman will look at the next clause of
the Constitution he will find what those wdrds
mean. " Each House may determine the rules
of its proceedings." Nothing less than a ma-
jority of the House can adopt rules for the House.
"Punish its members for disorderly behavior."
Nothing less than a majority can do so. "And,
with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber. " The gentleman from Iowa will not say
that two thirds of this body, as it is now situated,
without a quorum, can expel a member. It fol-
lows, therefore, when the Constitution declares
that "each House may provide" penalties, &c.,
to compel the attendance of absent members, it
means a quorum of the House, and no less.
Mr. WILSON. If the Chair will permit me 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will cite a pre-
cedent to the gentleman from Iowa,which would
seem, on a first reading, to be on his side. The
Constitution says each House may be authorized
to compel the attendance of absent members in
such manner and under such penalties as it may
direct. In the Twenty-Seventh Congress, under
a call of the House, the House passed a resolu-
tion declaiing that all such members of the House
as had not appeared in pursuance of the call of
the House and given satisfactory excuse, should
be fined the amount of fees of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, subject to be released on the payment of
the same on appearing afterward and making
such excuse as should be satisfactory to the
House. That was not done, however, till there
was a quorum present. If there were a quorum,
then there would be a House authorized to act
similarly.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest, in answer to the
remarks of the Chair, that the second clause of
the section just read by the Chair relates to the
powers of the House as an entirety, establishing
rules for the punishment of members for disor-
derly behavior, and for the expulsion of membeis.
That power can only be exercised after the at-
tendance of a quorum has been secured. There
are two classes of powers: first, the power to com-
pel the attendance of a quorum. After that has
been secured, that quorum of the House may
establish rules to punish members for disord* ily
behavior, and, with a concurrence of two thuds,
to expel members. Now, I suggest that disor-
derly behavior, which may be punished, must
be behavior in the presence of the House. Con-
sequently, itis the exercise of a power on the part
of the House after a quorum has been secured.
Hut, in the first clause of the section which I have
read, the provision of the Constitution was in-
tended to secure the attendance of a sufficient
number of members to constitute a quorum, in
order that the rules of proceedings should be de-
termined under which members might be pun-
ished for disorderly behavior, or, by a vote of
two thirds, expelled.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in reply
to the suggestions of the gentleman from Iowa,
that the section, taken altogether, certainly seems
to he in antagonism to the gentleman's views;
and what is still more apposite is that the House
of Representatives has administered and executed
this section of the Constitution. " Each Ilouse
shall be judge of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations 'of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but
asrnaller number" may " beauthorized to compel
the attendance of absent members in such man-
ner and under such penalties as each House may
provide." The House of Representatives has
provided how the attendance of absent members,
when there is less than a quorum present, shall
be enforced. But less than a quorum cannot affix
penalties not specified in the rules, in that opin-
ion the Chair is very clear. The Constitution
goes on to provide what each House may do:
punish for disorderly behavior, compel attend-
ance, and expel membeis.
Mr. WILSON. I would then ask the Chair
whether an appeal from the decision of the Chair
would be entertained.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. If that appeal can bo enter-
tained, then by what body can that appeal be de-
termined ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair always feels that
