708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
he is under the control of the House, (except in
rare and exceptional cases, which need not be re-
ferred to here,) or that portion of the House which
may be present. If the House shall determine
the question against the opinion of the Chair,
still the Chair would not be shaken in his opin-
ion, for he believes that the opinion he has ex-
pressed is the true construction of the Consti-
tution, as his-predecessors have administered it.
But the Chair would fee! it a duty to be governed
by the decision of the majority of his fellow-mem-
bers here,
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say that the reso-
lution I have offered, for the purpose of raising
this question of order, goes further probably than
I would desire to go in the enforcement of any
penalty against any member of the House for
absence. I offer it for the purpose of raising this
question; and with all due deference to the Chair,
and in order that those present may pass upon
this question, and that it may be discussed if de-
sired, ^therefore appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. THAYER. The position taken by the
Chair is undoubtedly correct. The resolution now
before the House does not contemplate the com-
pulsory attendance of the absent members; but
it contemplates the punishment of those members
in a manner which is tantamount to an expulsion.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have modified the resolution.
Mr. THAYER. It is clearly incompetent for
less than a quorum to expel a member; yet this
resolution goes to that extent, for to enact that
these members arc to be deprived of their privi-
leges as members, is effect to enact their expul-
sion.
Mr. WILSON. I modified the resolution by
striking out that passage.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say on this subject
that there is one point which it seems to me ought
to settle the question as the Chair has decided it.
And that is that if we have the right to pass a res-
olution requiring the excuse to be satisfactory to
the House before they can be restored to their
privileges, then a minority of the House, meeting
at the beginning of a session, and acting under a
resolution of this character, might defeat the meet-
ing of a quorum by refusing to receive any ex-
cuse as satisfactory, and thus prevent the organ-
ization of the House. The rule cuts both ways;
therefore I think the ruling of the Chair is right
on principle as well as on precedent.
Mr. 1I1GBY. It seems tome that there is one
rule by which we can settle this question, and
that is this: when the members were called to
the bar of the House, and the question was asked
them what excuse they had to offer for being
absent from the House, they gave no excuse such
as the House would receive; and some member
then made the motion that they be excused upon
paying the usual foes. Now, can the motion be
made here that a fine be imposed of ten, fifteen, or
twenty dollais? Then arises another question:
couid the motion be made here, and would it be
n valid motion, that the member be considered in
contempt of this House for jus conduct, provided
he gave no excuse, or if whatever he did give
showed that it had rather been in contempt of the
action of this House?
Then the question is, would it be in the power
of this body, having less than a majority, to en-
teron the lecord that that person was in contempt
of this House3 And if under the rules that pen-
alty or punishment, for it would be in the light
of a punishment, could not be indicted upon a
member when he is called to the bar, then I can
very readily conceive that we have no power to
adopt this resolution. But if we have the power,
although in a minority—that is, not a quorum
present—if we have the power under the lules to
inflict that penalty, have we not also the same
power now?
Mr. THAYER. The difference lies ju^t here;
that we cannot, do that until (he member has been
arraigned at the bar of this House and had an op-
portunity to be heard. He is not convicted of
any contempt until his excuse is pronounced in-
sufficient by this House. If he appears,and his
excuse is found to be insufficient, then he can be
punished.
Mr. HIGBY. It is simply giving the oppor-
tunity to hear his excuse; U is a conditional mat-
ter, whatever it may he.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It seems
to me the gentleman overlooks one point in this
case. It is not simply bringing members here
who have been absent, but to bring those here
who have once been brought to the bar of the
House, and then have left the House. Suppose
that some of these gentlemen who were brought
here under the process of the House to-night,
had, in the face of this minority of the House,
wheeled upon their heels and walked out; is there
no power in this minority to compel theirattend-
ance here? Has not this minority the power to
hold those members here? Has it not the power
to inflict a punishment over and above the
amount of the fees of the officer who arrests them?
Has it not the power to impose upon them a fine
of twenty-five, fifty, or one hundred dollars? If
not, then I say that we have not the power un-
der the Constitution to compel the attendance of
members here until we have a quorum. There-
fore, I think that, under a resolution reciting fla-
frant misconduct, (as leaving the Hall while the
[ouse is engaged in trying to compel the attend-
ance of a quorum has been considered by certain
gentlemen here,) and therefore calling such de-
linquents before the bar of the House, we have
the right to impose such a penalty as will pre-
vent them from leaving the Hall in that manner
again. By holding them, and sending for others,
we might eventually get a quorum; otherwise we
might never do so, because the back door might
let out more than could be brought in at the front
door.
Mr. WILSON. Before this debate proceeds
further, I ask the Cleik to read the resolution as
modified.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the members of this House absent with-
out leave be lield to be in contempt mm! such tune as they
shall appear and piuge themselves theieof by rendeung
huthcieut excuses respectively for their absence.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to
state briefly what seems to me the teaching of the
Constitution in the case before us.
In the first place, there is a House, a quorum
of which is empowered to do business. Asmaller
number than a quorum, not being a House, has
two functions under the Constitution, and only
two: first, to adjourn from day to day; and sec-
ond, to compel the attendance of absent members.
Mr, BOUTWELL. The gentleman will al-
low me to direct his attention to a single point.
The Constitution does not say that a smaller num-
ber than a quotum may compel the attendance of
absent members; it says that they " may be au-
thorized to compel the attendance of absent mem-
bers."
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes,sir; " maybe author-
ized."
Mr. BOUTWELL. For authority to enforce
such attendance, this number less than a quorum
must look to the lules established by the House
when there is a quorum acting.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will conclude what I have to say.
A smaller number than a quorum may do two
things: in the fiist place, they "may adjourn
ftom day to day;" and in the second place,
they " may be authorized to compel the attend-
ance of absent members." How? "In such
manner and under such penalties as each House
may provide." The House has, in its rules, de-
termined how that shall be done. Now, the res-
olution offeied by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Littlejohn] provided for the expulsion of
members. But that is not compelling their at-
tendance; it is getting rid of them altogether. It
therefore falls entirely outside of the second of
the two functions of the House, and is in my judg-
ment clearly unconstitutional.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. 1 beg leave to remind
the gentleman that the resolution which was pro-
posed by myself is not now under considera-
tion .
Mr. GARFIELD. I am aware of that. I am
speaking of the gentleman's resolution, however,
to show that it was clearly out of order.
Now, a smaller number than a quorum may
compel the attendance of absent membeis in such
manner as they may be authorized by the House.
The House, by its rules, has authotized less than
a quorum to proceed as we have been proceeding
to-night. But we are not justified, 1 judge, in go-
ing in any direction beyond the rules of the
House. If the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] concedes that the rules, as they now exist,
do not admit of this resolution censuring mem-
bers who are not here, he gives up, it seems to
me, the whole question.
In conclusion, let me say that there is one point
on which I wish to ask the Speaker a question.
How can this House, in its present condition,
without a quorum, fine a member when he is
brought in? Is there any specific rule of the
House that authorizes the fifteen members who
may adjourn from day to day, to fine a member
when he comes in and fails to present a satisfac-
tory excuse? If the Speaker answers that ques-
tion, I think the case will be entirely with him.
That is the only pointon which there is any doubt
in my mind.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has never yet
decided that the portion of the House now pres-
ent has a right to go beyond a resolution requir-
ing the payment of the usual fees. To enable it
to do so would require action by the House of
Representatives. The rules themselves declare
that a member may be discharged with or with-
out payingHhe usual fees. So far as the recollec-
tion of the Chair extends, no member has ever
been seriously required in such a case as this to
pay anything except the fees.
Mr. GARFIELD. According to my recollec-
tion, (the Chair will correct me if I am in error,)
at the last session, on an occasion when there
was not a quorum present, a motion was made
and entertained—not ruled out of order—propos-
ing to fine a member of the House $250.
The SPEAKER. That motion, the Chair pre-
sumes, was entertained simply because no ques-
tion of order was raised upon it. The gentleman
will bear in mind that it is not possible for the
Chair, unaided by suggestions from the House,
to rule out every inadmissible proposition. As
the gentleman knows, members repeatedly en-
gage the Speakerin conversation while the Clerk
is reading resolutions. Hence, when the Chair
fails to rule out propositions which are out of or-
der it may be owing to the fact that his attention
is not drawn to the matter. The Chair sometimes
rules out propositions when no point of older is
raised, because they stuke ins mind as being
clearly out of order; but, as a general thing, the
duty of the Chair is to rule out inadmissible prop-
ositions when a point of order is raised on the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no doubt about the
correctness of the rulingof the Chair on this point;
but I desire, as other gentlemen have interrogated
our Speaker, to propound one question to the
Chair in reference to a point wherein I think he
is wrong. Suppose we were about to arrest ab-
sentees who had gone to Boston, or New York,
or Chicago, is it the decision of the Chair that we
cannot adjourn, and that we must keep in con-
tinuous session until the Sergeant-at-Arms has
gone to New York, Chicago, or Boston, and re-
turned with the absentees?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer that
question with pleasure, and he thinks that the
gentleman from Vermont will concede the answer
to be correct; that when a quorum is in attendance
after a call has been gone through, and the House
is m session, they can make an order as they
please.
Mr. MORRILL. Suppose there is not a quo-
rum >
The SPEAKER. Then, under the rules, pend-
ing a call, nothing would be in order except a mo-
tion to adjourn, or that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. THAYER. Is that a rule or precedent?
The SPEAKER. Jt is the usage of the House.
Mr. THAYER. Then it is not a rule, but a
precedent.
The SPEAKER. It is virtually a rule, as the
Hou?e of Representatives have adopted Barclay's
Digest, a compend of parliamentai y law, for the
House.
Mr. THAYER. I hope that the House is not
responsible for every precedent in that book.
The SPEAKER, They are bound by it, hav-
ing adopted it, to the same extent as if they had
adopted Cushing's Manual, or any other. It has
always been recognized as authority since its
compilation.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to soy that this is too
important a question to be passed upon by the
number of members now present I have accom-
