. 1864.]
AEPEMDIX CEO;THE CON©-SESSIONAL .GLQBE.
47
38th Con's....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Sena?® & Ho. of Reps.
let for one year only,so that it may be embraced
in the contract section to which it belongs.
The topographer of the Department having
been instructed by my predecessor to prepare a
set of maps, by States or groups of States, de-
signed to show all the permanent routes, distances,
and post offices thereon, in the United States, with
other statistical information, I have to communi-
cate that progress lias been made in their prepa-
ration. It is found j however, that in consequence
of the enhanced price of all articles purchased
through the contingent fund, chargeable with the
expenses, that the fund, as previously estimated,
will he insufficient, having regard to other de-
mands upon it; and I therefore recommend that
an appropriation of $10,000 be made for preparing
and publishing these maps. It is believed that
the proceeds of the sale of such as will not be
needed for the use of this Department will event-
ually more than reimburse the entire outlay, leav-
ing a surplus which will diminish, to that extent,
future appropriations for contingent purposes.
The number and description of mail bags and
mail locks purchased during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1864, and the cost thereof, appear
in statementNo. 6, in theappendix to this report.
By resolution of Congress, approved July 1,
1864, the Postmaster General was "authorized
to examine and adjust the claim of Carlisle Doble
for carrying the mails between Taylor's Falls,
Minnesota, and Superior, Wisconsin, from April
to November, 1857, and to pay him such sum of
money as shall be found to be justly and equita-
bly due." Under the authority thus conferred
the claim was examined and the sum of $3,968 46
allowed, which was reported to the Auditor for
payment on the 26'h September last.
On the 3d of March, 1864, the Inspection office
of the Department, in its distinct and separate
form, was abolished, and its duties transferred to
the Contract office, in charge of the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General,
The net amount of fines imposed and deduc-
tions made during the year from the pay of mail
contractors for failures and other delinquencies,
was $44,375 55.
By the seventeenth section of an act of Con-
gress approved July 1,1864, chapter one hundred
and ninety-seven, page 339, it is enacted " that the
special agent of the Post Office Department on the
Pacific coast shall receive a compensation of five
dollars per diem.,, The salary of this officer was
$2,500 per annum under the act of March 2,1861,
and for all traveling and incidental expenses no
greater sum than two dollars for each day em-
ployed could be allowed under the act of March
3, 1845.
It is not supposed that Congress intended to
reduce the pay of this^ officer from $3,230 to
$1,825, but such is the effect of the law, and I
therefore recommend such a modification of that
section as will restore his full salary of $2,500 per
annum from the date of the passage of said act,
and to provide for his actual traveling expenses
a sum not exceeding five dollars per diem. Al-
though, at the time of the passage of the said act,*
two dollars per diem was considered sufficicntfor
the traveling and incidental expenses of these of-
ficers, it is now inadequate,and I recommend that
all other special agents be allowed a sum not ex-
ceeding four dollais per day while employed.
For several years after the occupation of the
Pacific coast by the United States, the agent of
this Department stationed at San Francisco had
larger powers than usually confided to special
agents in the Atlantic States, particularly in ref-
erence to the adjustment of contractors'accounts,
the practice being for him to give certificates of
service performed' undermail contracts, on which
the postmaster at San Francisco made payments.
The accounts were then tiansmitted to the Auditor
forentryand final settlement. In tins manner pay-
ments to mail contractors wore expedited; but
doubts arising as to the authority of the Postmas-
ter General to confer such powers on a subordi-
nate officer, they were withdrawn, and the Pacific
as:cnt is now on the same footing with all other
officers of his c'ass. It is believed that the func-
tions of this officer could be enlarged with advant-
age to the public service,and, as previous legisla-
tion is necessary, attention is called to the subject.
New Series—No. 2.
In, this connection it is proper to add tiiat, from
information which has recently reached me, I
am apprehensive that the postal service in the
Pacific States is not in asgood condition as should
be desired; and I may have occasion to commu-
nicate with Congress upon the subject during its
approaching session.
Inquiry has been made of Lieutenant General
Grant relative to the existing arrangements for
supplying our armies with mails, with the assur-
ance of my earnest purpose to cooperate with him
in carrying into effect any desired improvements
of that service; and I am gratified to learn from
his reply that the system of receiving and for-
warding mails now in operation is entirely satis-
factory ; and that " our soldiers receive their mail
matter with as much regularity and promptness
as is possible for armies in the field, and perhaps
with as much celerity and security as the most
favored portions of the country." He also in-
forms me that the policy originally adopted of
excluding civilians from the mail service within
the lines of the Army, and detailing for that duty
enlisted men of intelligence and reliability, will
be continued.
For many years the regulations of this Depart-
ment have required that every post office should
mail letters direct to every other office not on the
route to any distributing office, and that all other
letters should be mailed to the first distributing
office on the route to their destination, involving
considerable expense and delays in the transmis-
sion of the mails. This subject has been fre-
quently referred to in the reports of this Depart-
ment. Elaborate distribution schemes have been
proposed to improve the existing system, which
is still considered defective.
The majority of letters are now subjected to
delays, while the expense attending the work in
twenty-two distributing post offices amounted,
during the fourth quarter of 1864, to nearly
$200,000, being at the rate of $800,000 per year,
or about sixty-two per cent, of the whole expense
of clerk lure in all offices.
The mailing of all letters direct from one office
to another, however situated, in so vast a terri-
tory as that embraced within the United States,
is objectionable. The ordinary distributing post
offices not meeting the necessities of the service,
experiments have been commenced with railway
or traveling post offices. The requisite cars for
the purpose are prepared for one daily line be-
tween Washington and New York, and by means
of clerks taken, temporarily, from the post offices
at Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and
New York, letters intended for distribution at
either of those points are distributed in the cars,
and so ananged that they can be dispatched with-
out delay on connecting routes. Thus it is found
that the transmission of letters is expedited from
twelve to twenty-four hours, being the time
usually lost in distributing offices. Similar ex-
periments have been made on the routes from
Chicago, Illinois, to Clinton, Davenport, and
Dubuque, Iowa, with equally satisfactory results.
Attention has been given to the putting in oper-
ation the railway distribution to other prominent
points, and the companies which have been asked
to furnish the necessary car facilities have gener-
ally responded favorably. On the great eastern
and western routes to Cleveland, as well as be-
tween Washington and New York, the size and
importance of the mails and the amount of dis-
tribution to be done are such as to requireaccom-
modations to the extent of an entire car. West
of Cleveland only a portion of a car will be used
on each route.
In order to make the work of rail way post offices
effectual, a change in the mode of mailing let-
ters is necessary. All offices cannot mail direct,
neither can all mail to a railway office. The work
will, therefore, be divided between head offices
and route offices, the former being those which
are the initial or terminal points of routes, and the
latter those offices or stations on the direct line of
a road from which there are no postroadsdiverg-
ing. Additional clerks, as well as superintend-
ents and traveling postmasters, will be required,
for whom I recommend provision be made by
The introduction of the proposed scheme will
necessarily be attended with difficulties, and must
be accomplished gradually. The classificatiojjipf
offices alone will require time and labor, and- for
the present operations will be limited to a few*
principal railroadUnes. Until,the necessary class-
ification is completed, and the railway distribu-
tion organized, it is anticipated that additional
expenses will be involved; butittehoped that the
final effect will be to reduce the expenses connected
with the present plan of distribution. Under the
new law, also, which took effect 1st of July last,
all accounting for paid letters has been dispensed
with, thus saving much labor heretofore required
in mailing letters and in keeping accounts. The
transcripts of maiis sent and received under the
old system atfive of the principal offices amounted
to 50,000 folios. The accounts from the same
offices for the quarter ended 30th September last,
during which changes were only partially intro-
duced, show a saving in this respect of nearly fifty
per cent. Thus in various ways the ordinary
expenses of post offices are expected to be dimin-
ished so as to compensate for the cost of railway
distribution. But, whether this result be fully
attained or not, the expedition of mails will be
insured.
FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.
The statistics of the foreign service for the fis-
cal year ended June 30, 1864, are fully exhibited
in the tables prepared by the Auditor of this De-
partment, also in statementNo. 7 annexed to this
report, arid show the following general results,
namely:
The aggregate postage (sea, inland, and foreign)
upon the correspondence exchanged with Great
Britain, Prussia, France, Hamburg, Bremen,and
Belgium,amounted to $1,399,605 69,being an in-
crease of $174,930 48, as compared with the last
year, and'$21,458 37 in excess of the largest
amount realized in any previous fiscal year. The
collections in this country amounted to $881,-
730 68, and in Europe to $517,875 01—excess of
collections in the United States $363,855 67. This
result is significant and gratifying, showing a
largely increased correspondence with Europe,
notwithstanding the civil troubles agitating the
country, and the interruption of postal communi-
cations with the southern States.
The transatlantic mail transportation was per-
formed as follows:
By the foreign steamshipa of the New York
and Liverpool, Canadian,Bremen,and Hamburg
lines, $770,365 01.
By British contract mail packets of the Cunard
and Galway lines, $629,240 68.
The amount paid by this Department for mail
steamship service to and from Europe was $371,-
740 44—the steamships employed receiving the
sea postage on the mails conveyed as compensa-
tion for the service. Of this amount the Liver-
pool and New York and Philadelphia Steamship
Company received $202,914 34 for fifty-two out-
ward and fifty-three inward trips between New
York, Q,ueenstown,and Liverpool; the Canadian
mail packets, $77,175 30 for fifty-three round trips
between Portland and Liverpool, and Quebec and
Liverpool; the North German Lloyd Steamship
Company, $46,149 61 for sixteen butward and fif-
teen inward trips, and the New York and Ham-
burg Steamship Company, $45,501 18 for thirteen
outward and twelve inward trips, between New
York and Southampton.
The total postages on the correspondence ex-
changed with British North American provinces
during the year amounted to $307,371 39, being
an increase of $81,628 09 over the amount re-
ported last year, and of $129,618 88 over that for
the previous fiscal year. The postages collected
in this country amounted to $168,755 74, and in
the provinces to $13^,615 64—excess in favor ot
the United States, $30,140 10. This extraordi-
nary increase ofcorrespondence is probably partly
owing to the fact that large numbers of rebel
agents, sympathizers, and refugees have taken up
their temporary abode in Canada and the other
provinces.
The total postages on the mails conveyed to and
from the West Indies amounted to $59,990 18,
and the cost of transporting the same to and from
Havana and otherWest India ports was $40,337 03,
being $19,653 15 less than the United States post-*
