1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
pHshed what I desired to accomplish by present-
ing it to the House, and that is, to call attention
to u. It may be important to have a decision on
it by a fall House at some other time, so that we
may know what power the House has to enforce
the attendance of its members. Inasmuch as I
have accomplished my present purpose, and in
order that it may be determined whether the
House is in a humor to adjourn, I withdraw my
appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no pride of
opinion on this question, and as the House has
discussed the point at some length, he would be
glad to have it decided now.
Mr. WILSON. I do not want so important a
question decided by so thin a House. I there-
lore withdraw my appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Is it not compe-
tent for the House to-morrow, when we have a
quorum, to adopt a resolution of censure in ref-
erence to these members whose absence has kept
us here to-night ? 1 ask whether that will not con-
summate all thatcan be consummated by any pro-
ceeding we may take?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not decide
a question of that gravity before it comes up.
Air. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I see no propriety
in our staying here all night to bring in absent
members. I am pretty well satisfied that when
the House has a quorum it will assert its dignity.
A Deputy Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the
bar, having in custody Messrs. McDowell,
Steele of New York, McKinney, and J. W.
W h1te.
■ Tne SPEAKER. Mr. McDowell, you have
been absent fium the session of the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. McDOWELL. I have been in attendance
but few hours during the last four days on ac-
count of illness. I have been quite unwell, and do
not think I have slept two hours in the last three
or four nights.
The SPEAKER. It seems to be a mistake
that the gentleman was brought here, as he was
excused by the House. The gentleman is not
under arrest propeily, and is discharged.
Mr. CRAVENS. lie was excused on my mo-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was his name in the war-
rant of arrest ?
The SPEAKER. All those excused for cause
upon the fust eall were excused upon the secotid
call, in consequence of the fewness of the cleiks
to-night, the Cleik of the House himself came m
and made out the warrant, and tins mistake has
accidentally crept m.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was Mr. McDowell's
name in the wan ant?
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms has
the otigimtl wart-ant.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We seem to be proceeding
m a loose way.
The SPEAKER.. Mr. Steele, of New York,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse haveyou
to offer?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I am not very
well at any time, and not being as weil as usual
to-night, 1 remained at home.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the gentleman be excused unconditionally.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. As these
men areail Democrats,and all "disloyal,"of the
same class which has been brought here here-
tofore, I move that they be committed to the Old
Capitol prison. It seems that the Sergeant-at-
Arms cannot find any other class of members.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair finds nothing in
the rules authonzing that motion to be made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I second the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill ]
The question was taken on Mr. O'Neill s
motion, and it was agreed to; and Mr. Steele,
of New Jersey, was excused.
The SPEAKER. Mr. McKinnev, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. MeKlNNEY. I was asleep.
Ml. DAVIS,of New Yoik. I move that the
gentleman be excused unconditionally.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. As there seems to have been
some imputation cast on the Sergeant-at-Arms, it
is just to say that i have been informed by him
that he did not assume to arrest any member
forcibly, but that he gave any member whom he
found notice to come here.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It requires
more explanation than that. Fifteen or twenty
men have been brought here and not one Repub-
lican. I say that it is an outrage upon decency
and upon the dignity of this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. There are
men here who will resent it here and elsewhere.
TheSPEAKER. Mr. Joseph W.White, you
have been brought here through a mistake which
the Chair much iegrets. You are discharged from
custody.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which Mr. McKinney was excuscd. I do it
for the reason that I do not believe in excusing
any man who is brought here unless he has an
excuse; and I believe in staying here until the
men who went from this side of the House arc
brought back into the House and punished. 1 hope
that members on this side of the House willstay
here until that is done.
The excuse that the Scrgeant-at-Arms did not
attempt to force any member to come here amounts
to nothing. If he has any power, it is his duty
to force members to come here.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 made the mo-
tion to excuse Mr. McKinney upon this ground.
It was stated that the Sergeant-at-Arms had no-
tified members on both sides of the House to ap-
pear. It seems that gentlemen upon this side of
the House did not obey that notice, and thatgen-
tlemen upon theothei side of the House did obey
it like men, and on that account I am in favor* of
excusing them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire if the
name of Mr. Joseph W.White isin the warrant
of arrest.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes thathis
name is m the warrant of arrest, erroneously. It
should have been erased, as he was excused.
Mr-ELDRIDGE. Is the warrant returned?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the offi-
cers are still executing it.
Mr. HIGBY. I only desire to say a word more,
in order that I may be correctly understood. I
did not make the motion to reconsider outof any
feehng toward any one particular member or any
class of members. But 1 think we should not
trifle with any member who comes here without
an excuse. 1 hope we shall stay here until we
accomplish the object for which we are staying,
and that is to bring membeis into this House 1
will now wnhdiaw the motion to reconsider, as
gentlemen upon this side of the House seem to be
tender-footed about it.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Anson Heriuck, you
have been absent from the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. HERRICK. I did not feel very well; I
had a headache and I went to bed. As soon as 1 got
the notice from the Sergeant-at-Arms, I dressed
myselfand came here.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the gentleman be
unconditionally excused.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend that mo-
tion by adding " on the payment of the usual
fees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Kelley's motion as amended was then
adopted, and Mr. Hearick was excused on pay-
payment of fees.
Mr. COX. if I understand the statement of
the Speaker in regard to the returns made here,
it is the custom for the Sergeant-at-Arms to leave
a notice for members to convc here and consider
themselves under arrest. That is not the way in
which process is generally served. The mem-
bers who are in contempt of this House will never
appear; we may stay here till morning and the
members of the majority will not appear. We
are punishing ourselves simply for the purpose
of bringing in Democratic members who do obey
this notice to appear. I hope the Speaker or the
House will direct the Sergeant-at-Auns, their own
agent, to bring these men here in person by arrest,
and let us understand whether their contempt of jj
this House is to pass by with perfect immunity, i-
It is a poifeot farce and sham, and we ought to \
adjouin at once if that la not done. Does the n
Sergeant-at-Arms undertake to favor members of
the House because he wishes to be reelected to
his office? Is that the idea? I hope not.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 was going to put the ques-
tion to the gentleman whether, if he was a can-
didate for reelection, he would like to give of-
fense to men who were going into caucus to
choose candidates.
Mr. COX. If I were a candidate for election
I would do my duty everywhere, even if I were
to injure my prospects by it.
A special messenger appeared at the bar of the
House having in custody Mr. Rollins, of New
Hampshire, and Mr. Donnelly.
TheSPEAKER. Mr.Rollins, you have been
brought before the bar of the House for absence
from its sessions without leave What excuse
have you to offer for your absence?
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I have
not any excuse.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move that the gentleman
from New Hampshire be excused uncondition-
ally.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend by say-
ing "on payment of the regular fee."
Mr. SCOFiELD. 1 would like to inquire
whether the member was notified before by the
Sergeant-at-Arms and neglected to attend, or
whether he evaded the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Speaker, shall 1 reply to the gentleman?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may do as
he pleases in that respect.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, I re-
ported here immediately on being notified by the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. LOAN. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
whether we have authority to take any action in
regard to Uus matter; whether it must not be dis-
posed of by the House, and not by a less num-
ber than a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House a minority hasa right to determine whether
a member shall be excused, with or without the
payment of the usual fee.
The question was taken on Mr- Radford's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question was taken on the motion as
amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, I move,
even at this eaily hour, that the action of the
House m regard to all these fines be made uni-
form. There have been some singular disciep-
aneies in our action, and gentlemen must natur-
ally feel hurt about it. The fines are to result to
the benefit of the Sergeant-at-Arms for the per-
formance of his duty. As we have been here
fiom ten o'clock till now, half post two, and have
not yet got a quorum, it strikes me that ail these
fines may very properly be dispensed with.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that will not be done.
Each one of these cases has come up and been
disposed of on its own merits. There have been
very different circumstances attending the recent
cases in comparison with those in the early part
of the evening, it would be very unjust to say
that a member, having had two notifications from
the Sergeant-at-Arms, occupies the same position
as the member who has had but one call. The
cases that will come before us from this time out
will probably be very different from the cases al-
ready passed upon.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, is the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Townsend] in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not in order.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I desire
to say, in justice to the Sergeant-at-Arms, that I
have been infoimed that he calied at my rooms
once or twice while 1 was absent, and of course
he could not find me.
Mr. STEELE, of New Yoik. And I desire to
say that 1 have been in my room all the evening,
and came here as soon as 1 was notified.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand the Chair to decide that it is not competent
for the House, asatpresentconstituted, togo back
and remit all the penalties that it has imposed.
It seems to me to be so manifestly unjust that
these persons should be required to pay the fees
