710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
of the Sergeant-at-Arms that I feel constrained
to take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
each of these cases has been decided on its own
merits; that the House has complied with the
rules and exhausted its powers by assessing pen-
alties; that it is not now in order to go back and
make a sweeping rule applying to all the absentees
who have been brought up—the fees vesting in
the Sergeant-at-Arms by a vote of the House—
and that therefore the motion of the gentleman
fiom New York [Mr. Townsend] is not in order.
From that decision the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Johnson] appeals. The question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?
The question was taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ANCONA (at two o'clock and thirty
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I have understood the Chair to
decide that after a quorum has been ascertained
to be present we can proceed to act upon the
cases of absent members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has read the
precedent.
Mr. ROSS. Then I suggest that we dispense
with further proceedings under the call of the
House, and proceed to act upon the eases of ab-
sent members. If no question is raised it may
be assumed that there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. As soon as any question is
taken by yeas and nays, or by a division, and it
is shown that no quorum is present, then the
House will be as competent to adopt resolutions
as before the calls.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would suggest
that the Chair count the House in order to sec
"whether there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER having done so, announced
that the Chair could count but eighty-nine mem-
bers present.
The Serjeant-at-Arms now appeared at the bar
of the House, having in custody Messrs. Yea-
man and Donnelly.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Yeaman, you have
been absentfrom the sessions of this House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer for
being absent?
Mr. YEAMAN. I think I have a good ex-
cuse. This is the first time I have undertaken to
be absent from this House when 1 knew it was
in session, or that any business was to be trans-
acted in it. I did know there was to be a session
to-night, but I understood that it was to be for
the consideration of unimportant items of the tnx
bill, and feeling a little wearied with the over-
much labor of the session, I spent the evening,
from dinner time till about nine o'clock, reading
the History of Civilization, a .specie* of infor-
mation which 1 thought members of this House
stood very much in need of. [Laughter.] After
that 1 undertook to practice some of the ameni-
ties of civilization by paying my respects to the
distinguished Senator from IN ew York, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] and finding the ice cream good, the punch
good, the music good, and the ladies handsome
—upon the whole a very civilized crowd—1 re-
mained there a little over time. That is all the
reason I have to offer for being absent. 1 hope
the House will excuse me.
Mr, RADFORD. I move that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Yeaman] be excused upon
payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then said: Mr. Donnelly,
you have been absent from the sessions of this
House without its leave; what excuse have you
to give for being absent ?
Mr. DONNELLY. I believe 1 have no good
excuse to offer. I will have to submit to the
action of the House.
Mr. IiiCBY. I move that the gentleman be
excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolvedy That tlie ergeant-at Arm4? be directed to bring
the members now ab.-ent without leave before the bar of
this House at one o'clock to-inonow, or as soon thereafter
as possible; and that they then be required to showcase
why they should not be declared to be in contempt of the
House, and abide the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. There has been no vote of
the House yet taken by yeas and nays, to dis-
close the fact that there is a quorum present.
The Chair cannot entertain the resolution until
that fact has been shown.
Mr. KASSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] to withdraw
his resolution for the present, that I may move
that the House now resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am willing to let the res-
olution remain until that has been done.
The SPEAKER. Some vote must be taken to
show the presence of a quorum.
Mr. NELSON. I move that the House ad-
journ, and upon that I call the yeas and nays.
That will show that there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The same thing might be
shown by voting upon the motion to dispense
with further proceedings under the call.
Mr. GARFIELD. If that motion is adopted
then the doors will be opened, which we do not
want done.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays upon the motion to ad-
journ. That will show whether a quorum is pres-
ent just as well as by any other vote.
Tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Ancona and Thayer, were appointed
to act as tellers.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 4, nays 86; no quorum voting.
So the House refused to order the yens and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes l(j, noes 72.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. For the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether there is a quorum present, I move
that further proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with, and on that motion I demand the
yens and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, on reflection,
thinks that the motion i« not probably the proper
one at the present time to carry out the evident
wishes of the members. The rule declares that
" no motion, except to adjourn or with reference
to the call, is everentortained during aca!!." The
motion to dispense with further proceedings un-
der the call, if successful, would prevent further
action in regard to absentees.
The Chair will state that his experience is that
whenever there is barely a quorum present it is
impossible to get a quorum to vote, except on a
call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRACY. I move that the House now
adjourn, and on that motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 23, nays 68, not voting 89;
as follows:
YKAS—Mct*. James S. P.rown, Cox, Cravens, "Edger-
ton, Eldiid^e, John II. Hubbard. Ilulbiiid, htgcr-^oll, Philip
Johnson, Kalbflewh, LiUlejohn, McBnde", McDowell,
Melunney, James R. Morn*, Amos Myers, Pendleton,
I'mvn, Seofield, Shannon, Tracy, YVaid, and Joseph \V.
White—£3.
NAYri—Messrs. Allison, Ames Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John t). Baldwin, Baxter, Benmnn, Boutwell,
i.ovd, Drooutall, Ambro-e W. Clark, Cobb, Coffioth,
Thomas T. Dnvis, Demmcr, Donnelly, Hngg*, Eckley,
Eliot, Finek, Frank, Garfield, Giihwold, Hall, Charles M.
Harris, Hrruek, H'tfby, Ilolman, A^ahel W. Iiubbard,
Ktis-on, Kolley, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Long,
Marvin, McAllister, MeClurg, Middleton, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Mori ill, Moruson, Leonard Myers, Nel>on, Odell,
Ch.ules O'Neill, John O'Neill, I'eiham, Pomeroy, Radford,
John II Rieo, Edward II. Rollins, Ro<s, Starr, John B.
Steele, Stile-j, Strotise, Thayer. Townsend, Up«on, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Whaley, Wilder Wilson, Winfield,
Woodbrid e, Wortlnngton, ami Yeaman—6£.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, H.uly, Blame,
Blair, Bli^s, Blow, Bmndegee, Brook-*, Wtlhnm G. Brown,
Chanler, Freeman Ckuke, Clay, Cole. Cte-well, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denton. Dixon, Dumont,
Eden, English, Farnsworth, Ganson, Gooch, Glider, Grtn-
neil, Hale, Harding, Hainngton, Benjamin G. Harris,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hutchms, Jenckes, William Johnson,
Julian, Fianeis W. Kello<™, lCernan, Km?, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Le Blond, Loiifryeur, Mallory, Marcy, Melndoe,
William II. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Moiris, Noble, Nor-
ton, Orth, Patterson, Perry. Pike, Pi ice, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,Robinson, Rogers,
James S. Rollins, Sehenek, Scott, Sloan, Smith, Smuhers,
Spalding, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Van Valkenburgli, Voorhees, Wadswoith, Ehhu
B. Wastihurne, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Williams, Wmdom, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood
—89.
No quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative, making a quorum; and the motion is disa-
greed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now offer the following
resolution:
.ResoZved,That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed tobring
the members now absent without leave before the bar of
the House atone o'clock to morrow, Friday, Febiuary 10,
1865, or as soon thereafter as possible, and that they then
be required to show cause why they should not be declared
in contempt of the Ilouse, and abide the further order of
the House.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
question oforder. My point is this: if we adjourn
after passing this resolution, will not the adjourn-
ment nullify it? Can we continue these proceed-
ings beyond an adjournment?
The SPEAKER. On the 6th day of April,
1842, in theTwenty-Seventh Congress, after pro-
longed proceedings under a call, Mr. Landaff W.
Andrews moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That all sueh members of the House as have
not appeared in pursuance ot Hie call of the. House, and
given satisfactory excuses, shall be fined the amount of the
fees of the Seisjeant at-Arms, subject to be released from
the payment of the same on appearing hereafter and mak-
ing such excuse us shall be deemed satisfactory to the
House.
The attendance of a quorum having been se-
cured, the Speaker entertained that resolution,
and under the previous question it was adopted.
Further proceedings under the call were then dis-
fensed with, the doors were opened, and the
louse adjourned. This is the precedent of the
Twenty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. That
settles my point.
The SPEAKER. The Digest seems to cor-
respond with this precedent; for it says:
" No motion except to adjourn, or with reference to the
CA!!, is ever entertained duiing a call.
" By an adjournment pending a call, all proceedings in
tlie call are terminated ; but where the House"—
This is now a House—
" has previously passed an order specially directing other-
wise, such special direction should doubtless be executed."
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I hope that the
motion will be amended so as to make it Satur-
day.
Mr. BROOMALL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment.
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. BEAMAN. Itseems to me,Mr.Speaker,
that there is some little misapprehension about
tho proceedings m the case referred to. It appears
that all further proceedings under the call were dis-
pensed with. I do not understand that it is con-
templated by the gentleman that all further pro-
ceedings under this call shall be dispensed with;
on the contrary, I understand that the proceed-
ings thus far are to be left m the state in which
they are now, and that the Seigeant-at-Arma
shall biing these absent members to-morrow
morning.
The case instanced by the Speaker is not in
point. Have the proceedings, so far as the call
is concerned, been suspended ? No; the Sergeant-
at-Arms is now out executing the order of the
House. We are proceeding under the call. After
the call was made we made an Older to bring in
absent members. Our officers are out executing
that order, and by adjourning till to-morrow we
do not suspend the proceedings under the call,
which was the fact in the case cited by the Speaker.
After the resolution passed for the purpose of
bringing in absentees, then a further motion was
made that all further proceedings under the call
shall be suspended, and that motion was carried.
I do not understand that it is proposed to sus-
pend all further proceedings under this call, but
that on the contrary we shall leave it where it is.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have only one remark
to make. If the proceedings under the call be
dispensed with—the proceedings which are now
going on for the purpose of bringing absent mem-
bers here at the present sitting—that, I under-
stand, will not suspend the action of any resolu-
tion the House may pass, the question being put
and carried.
The SPEAKER. It matters little whether,
when a motion to adjourn has been carried, all
further proceedings under the call have been dis-
pensed with or not, as the effect of the motion to
