1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
adja
adjourn would dispense with all further proceed-
ings under the call. it is declared in Barclay's
Digest that by an adjournment, pending a call,
all proceeding's under the call are terminated; but
where the House, that is, aquorum of the House,
has previously passed an order specially directing
otherwise, such special direction will doubtless
be executed.
Mr. BEAMAN. It seems that that dictum
was founded upon the case put by the Speaker;
and if the case does not bear it out, it of course
falls. This dictum, in Barclay's Digest, is based
upon the decision in that case. Now, the case
does not bear out the statement of the Digest.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman from Michigan. In that case,asnow,
after a quorum appeared,a resolution as to absen-
tees was proposed; and after its adopiion all fur-
ther proceedings under the call were dispensed
with.
Mr. BROOMALL. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that the main pur-
pose of this struggle will not be accomplished
unless we spend a few moments in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. 1 make
the motion that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ROSS moved that the House do now
iourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Morrill's motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the tax bill; the pending ques-
tion being on the following amendment, moved
by Mr. Washbttrne, of Illinois:
And hereafter there shall be assessed and collected a tax
of fifty cents per gallon on all domestic spirits on hand and
for sale.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
20, noes 72.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the state of the Union geneially,and par-
ticularly the tax bill, and had come .to no resolu-
tion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLEY, (at a
quarter past three o'clock, a. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 10, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The reading of yesterday's Journal was, on
motion of Mr. Foot,and by unanimous consent,
dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of January 23, 1865, statements
showing the amount of public money deposited
and the amount withdrawn from each of the na-
tional banks during each month from the date of
their organization to June 30, 1864; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting copies of
correspondence relating to the pay merit in coin of
the annuities of the Chippewas of Lake Superior,
as required by the treaty with them, and recom-
mending that the appropriation be special, accord-
ing to the terms of the treaty; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Inteiior, transmitting a copy of
a communication dated the 14th ultimo, from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and accom-
panying extract from a letter of Hon. C. D. Pos-
ton, of September 1,1864, in relation to expenses
incurred by him while he was superintendent
of Indian affairs m Arizona in supplying the
Indians of that Territory witli provisions upon
which to subsist during the present winter, and
recommending an appropriation to pay the in-
debtedness; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
representation in electoral college.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the following message from the Pres-
ident of the United States:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives:
The joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution declar-
ing certain States notcntifted to representation in theElee-
toial College" has been signed by the Executive, in defer-
ence to the view of Congress implied in us passage and
presentation to him. In his own view, howovet, the two
Houses of Congress, convened under ihe twelfth article
of the Constitution, have complete power to exclude iioui
counting all clcctoi.ii Votes deemed by them tr be illegal;
and it is not competent for the Executive to defeat or ob-
struct that power by a veto, as would be the ease if his
action weie at all essential in the matter. He declaims
all right of the Executive to interfere m any way in the
matter of canvassing or counting electoral votes, and he
al>o disclaims that, by signing said resolution, he has ex-
prefsed any opinion on the lecitals of the preamble, or any
judgment of his own upon the subject of the re>olution.
AHKAHAM LINCOLN.
Executive Mansion, February S, 1s05.
Mr. JOHNSON. That to me is a very ex-
traordinary course for the President to pursue. I
have no doubt his motives are perfectly correct
and patriotic; but if his approval is necessai y to
give effect to the joint resolution, accompanying
that approval with a disclaimer of any belief in
the doctrines of the resolution is wholly incon-
sistent with his duty of approving or disapprov-
ing. I suppose nobody will contend for a mo-
ment that the resolution, if his approval is neces-
sary, though approved in the way in which he
has thought proper to approve it, is not just as
effective as if he had approved it without saying
a word on the subject.
It is, in my judgment, a reflection upon the Sen-
ate and upon Congress, although not so designed.
If he is sincere (and of course 1 do not call in
question his sincrtity) in thinking that it was not
a subject for the legislation of Congress, he ought
to have disapproved the resolution; but jn my
judgment he is entirely wrong in point of law.
It may be true, and perhaps to thatextent is true,
that in the absence of any legislation the two
Houses of Congress, either acting in convention
or acting separately, might establish for them-
selves rules by which they would be governed in
admitting or excluding votes. Kut il is equally
true, in my judgment, (and I speak it with all the
deference that 1 can feel for the opposite opinion
announced by the President,) that it is a subject
over which Congress has a right to legislate in
order to guard against the very mischiefs which
would result from leaving the subject, without
legislation, to be disposed of by the convention.
This is not the first time in which it has been
done. The bill for the reconstruction of the se-
ceded States was passed by an ovei whelming vote
in both Houses at the last session. The Presi-
dent, to be sure, did not return it with a qualified
veto, or with any veto, or with any approval.
There not being ten days between the passage of
the bill and the adjournment of Congress, he had
a right not to act upon it, and by not acting he
put it out of the power of Congress to pass it; but
immediately after Congress adjourned he issued
a manifesto or a proclamation in which he said
that, accoi ding to his view, t lie re were some good
things in the bill passed by Congress and some
bad things; as far as they were good he would
act upon them; as far as he considered them bad,
or not as good as what lie proposed himself, he
would be governed by his own judgment.
It seems to me to be his clear and manifest duty
—and I speak it with no possible want of respect
to him; I should say the same thing if any other
man was in the presidential office—to approve
or disapprove, and not to do it in part by way of
approval and in part by way of disapproval. He
reads us a lecture, virtually, in this paper. He
says we have legislated on a subject with which
we have nothing to do. It was for us to decide
for ourselves whether it was within our jurisdic-
tion,and we have decided. In the exercise of his
constitutional power of acting upon all subjects
submitted to hirn in the form of legislation he has
a clear right to disapprove, if lie thinks that he
ought to disapprove, but not to take the course
which he has adopted in this case, or to take the
course which lie adopted in the other case to
which I have adverted.
The message was laid on the table.
british present to captain stellwagen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a copy of a note of the 4th instant,
addressed by J. Hnnie Burnley, E^q., iier Britannic Ma-
jesty's charge d'affaires, to the Secretary of State, relative
to a sword which it is proposed to present to Captain Henry
S. Stellwagen, commanding the United States frigate Con-
stellation, as a inaik of giamude for lus services to the
British brigantme Mersey. The expediency of sanctioning
the acceptance of ihe gift is submitted to your considera-
tion. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, February 8, 1865.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of those
papers to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petitition of mer-
chants of the city of New York, praying for the
passage of the bill to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of man-
ufacturing jewelers of the city of Providence,
Rhode Island, praying for a reduction of the tax
on their business; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
frekdmen's bureau.
Mr. SUMNER. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of
Freed men's Affairs have met, and after a full
conference have agreed upon a report, which I
send to the Chair, and move its adopiion by the
Senate.
The Secretary commenced the reading of the
report.
Mr. SAULSHURY. 1 move to dispensewith
the reading, and to print the document. This
seems to be a new bill entirely.
Mr. SUMNER. It was printed ten days ago
for the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The reading must proceed, unless it
be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that the reading had
better be postponed until we can have an oppor-
tunity of examining the report and getting a
knowledge of the biil in Us present shape. This
is the first time it has been called to the attention
of the Senate, and of course we want a little time
to look it over before weshall be prepared to pass
ori the report. It may be delayed by unanimous
conscnt for a short time, that we may have an
opportunity to look into it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator makes no prop-
osition ?
Mr. CLARK. I have no further proposition
to make than this: I find myself in the condition
of other Senators about me, that we do not know
any thing about it, and have not seen it.
Mr.SUMNER. I will make a brief statement.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will Jet the report lie over
until to-monow.
Mr. SUMNER. I was merely going to state
that the report was agreed upon some ten days
ago and made to the other House, where,accord-
ing to the rules of Congress, it should have been
made, because the measuie originated there. I
have had the report in my drawer, ready to make
it as soon as it was in order, for the last ten days.
When it was made in the other House it was at
once ordered to be printed, and the House post-
poned .action upon it for a certain time in order
