712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
to have it printed, and it was acted upon finally
yesterday. The Senate will remember that a
message came here yesterday informing us that
the House had concurred with the committee.
The subjcct then becomes in order for the report
of the Senate committee, and it is because it is
now in order that I make it. I shall not press
it at this moment against the inclination of Sen-
ators. It is in order that the report when made
shall be read. If Senators desire that it shall lie
*<m the table for another day I shall not object,
-though my impression is that the subject has
been so long before Congress, so maturely con-
sidered in committee, and also so much consid-
ered in the other House, that we may proceed
with it now and come to a conclusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if no motion
be interposed, the Chair has no other course to
pursue but to direct the reading of the report,
and the reading will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts has expressed his willingness that
this rfiatter should lie over for a day. If that
course be taken, I suppose it is hardly neces-
sary to consume the time of the Senate in read-
ing the report. Every Senator who feels an in-
terest in the subject will of coursc make himself
familiar with it by to-motrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, then, the report will lie upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. Until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Until to-mor-
row. The Chair hears no objection, and the te-
port will lie upon the table, subject to be culled
up at any time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I doubt very much whether
we shall get out of tiie difficulty in that way. That
report has never been printed in this body. Other
gentlemen may be more industrious than I am,
and may have more time than I have, but I am
liot able to road the proceedings of the House; a
isaa much as I can do to keep up with those of
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Peihaps the Senator is not
aware of the fact that when adocument im ordered
to be printed in one body it is considered as
printed for both. This report was ordered to be
printed m the House, and the next day after it
was printed it was laid on all our tables. It is
now within call, in the Document Room, from any
Senator. The Senator from Vermont has only to
fiend a page to the Document Room, and it will
be forthcoming.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report will
lie upon the table by common consent.
RKI'ORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of P. J.
Howard, praying that her husband, John How-
ard, a soldier who enlisted, as she alleges, foi two
years and is now held for three years, may be dis-
charged, asked to be discharged from its further
consideiution, and that it be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print five thousand extra copies of the report of
the committee on the conduct of the war relative
to the circumstances attending the attack at
Petersburg and the explosion of the mine there
in July last, reported m favor of the motion, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 714)
supplemental to the act entitled "An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Couit of Claims," &c.,
passed July 4, 1864, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H.Il.No, 151)
to refer the claim of George Ashley, administra-
tor de bonis non of Samuel Ilolgate, deceased,
back to the Court of Claims, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 3T0) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better organization of Indian affairs
in California," reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
384) for the relief of C. F. Johnson, of Alabama,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the statement of all contracts executed
by Hanson A. RisJcy, agent, since July 4, 1864, which ac-
companied the report ot the Secretary of the Treasury yes-
terday jaid before the Senate, be printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator from Oregon
having had leave of absence for the rest of the
session, I move that the Chair be authorized to
fill his place on the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATE GALLERIES.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the older of the Senate of {lie 31st of De-
cember, lc<60, in relation to the Senate galleries be, and
the same is hereby, reminded.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the order?
Mr. MORRILL. Let the resolution he on the
table till to-morrow, and then the Senate can see.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to know what
the order is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
COMMITTEE ON MINES.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the 34th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding the following as an additional clause, to wit: A
Committee on and Mining Interests, to consist of
live members.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie upon the table, unless the Senator
desires the present action of the Senate upon it.
Mr. STEWART. 1 ask for present action.
IVIr. COLLAMER. Lcl it lie over under the
rule.
ThePRESIDENT/u-o tempore. Objection being
made it will be over.
MANUFACTURE OF CAPTURED COTTON.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to oiler a resolution,
and I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I should like, before his
resolution is called up, to ask the Senate to take
up Senate joint resolution No. 85. It is a very
important matter in relation to Indian affairs which
I think will not occupy more than five minutes of
the time of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it about?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is a resolution in rela-
tion to refugee Indians in the Indian Territory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion submitted by the Senator ft nm Massachu-
setts will be read for information, unless, by
unanimous consent, the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin be interposed.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Rewired, That the Committee on Military A flairs, and the
Mililta be, and are iieieby, insltueted to iitquue into the
expediency of the national Government directing that sueh
cotton an may have been eaptun-d at Savannah, Geoigia,
be manufactured into cloth and tents for the u^e of the sol-
dieisot the Aiinyot the United States.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say in re-
gard to this resolution that I have received a com-
munication from the Quartermaster General of
the Army covering estimates of the cloth used in
the Army for tents, and making this suggestion;
and in order to bring the subject befoie the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs 1 have offered this res-
olution.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope that we will not even
instruct the Committee on Military Affairs to in-
quire into the expediency of establishing a vast
manufactory for the purposes of manufacturing
tents for the Army. The resolution is nothing
more nor less than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that this res-
olution will lead to some discussion. I have a
bill which, I will state to the Senate,is for putting
a little money into the Treasury of the United
States. I am sure nobody will object to that; and
I move to postpone all other orders fur the pur-
pose of considering it. It will take hut little time,
I am sure. That is the only object I have, [Mr.
Doolittle rose.] I know the Senator from Wis-
consin will not object to getting a little money
into the Treasury.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it does not lead to dis-
cussion, I will give way to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think nobody will ob-
ject to it. I move to postpone all prior orders and
take up Senate bill No. 424, to facilitate the col-
lection of certain debts due the United States.
COLLECTION OF POST OFFICE DEBTS.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
424) to facilitate the collection of certain debts due
the United States, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the reading of the
bill, if I can get the attention of the Senate for one
minute, I will state what it is. The object of this
bill is to enable the Postmaster Geneial to collect
sums due in the rebellious States chiefly, though
it applies in terms to any of the States of the Union,
by postmasters who, when the rebellion took
place, were indebted to the Government, and have
since gone into the rebellion or left the country,
so that service of process cannot be obtained upou
them. I am informed that, at Memphis alone,
theie is some twenty or thirty thousand dollars
due the Government, which the Governmentcould
collect if it had any way of proceeding against
thepropeity of the defaulting postmaster and his
sureties. This bill is introduced for the purpose
of authorizing an attachment similar to attach-
ments issued in most of the States against these
defaulting officers where service cannot be had
upon them. The Committee on the Judiciary
have considered it, and unanimously recommend
its passage. That is all there is in the bill; and
unless there should be some objection to the de-
tails—which I hope there will not be—it can be
passed at once. 1 ask that, m the reading of the
bill, the amendmentsof the committee, winch are
moMly veibal, be acted upou as they are reached
in their order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, that course will be pursued.
The first amendment was in line right of sec-
tion one, to strike out "or" and insert "and,"
so as to read, "such officer and his sureties.'5
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of section
one, to strike out " or" and insert " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen of
section one, to strike out " or" and insert " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
thirty, to strike out " marshals" and insert " mar-
shal;" in line thirty-one to strike out " distucis"
and insert " district;" and in line tint ty-three to
strike out (t marshals" and inset t " marshal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
three, to strike out "of" and insert " before,"
so aw to read, " twenty days before the return
day,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to stuke out "ten
days," before "notice," in line four of section
thrue, so as to read, '"on giving to the district
attorney notice of his intention."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas tostnke out, inlines
nine, ten, and eleven of section three, the words,
" such jury shall consist of six men, a majority
of whom shall decide upon the verdict."
The amendmentwas agieed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
woid " common" before " consent" in line eleven
of section three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of section
five, to strike out "three" and insert "two,"
and to strike out " six" and insert M four."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in line four of section
six, after the word "them" to insert " and hav*
ing knowledge of such notice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
