1864.]
APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
38th Cong,...2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior,
Sbjtatb & Ho-, -of Reps.
public credit by an authentic publication of our
vast resources, 1 respectfully recommend that pro-
vision be made for the appointment of experi-
enced and skillful mineralogists to make a seien-
tificexamination of the principal mining localities,
and of the mineral regions generally, and to report
the results. Their reports should be printed and
widely circulated. An appropriation would be
required for these purposes.
Much interest has been manifested in favor of
the establishmentof a bureau of mines and miner-
als, to which the administration of all details in
respect to this important subject should be com-
mitted. I am satisfied that such legislation will,
before many years, be found necessary, if it has
not already become so.
The attention of Congress has frequently been
called to the importance of securing an income to
the national Treasury from the products of the
mines and placers. By the laws of Spain and
Mexico, and according to the principles generally
accepted in civilized countries, the property in
these prccious deposits is vested in the Govern-
ment exercising sovereignty and jurisdiction over
the soil.
The first annual report from this Department
contained a number of suggestions relating to the
protection of this property, and to securing a rev-
enue from the annual products. Since that time
the same subject has been frequently mentioned in
the annual reports of this Department, but Con-
gress has never taken legislative action. Sound
policy dictates the propriety of levying a revenue
tax upon those who are engaged in gathering in-
dividual wealth from this national property. The
Bureau of Internal Revenue, recently established
in the Department of the Treasury, furnishes a
ready and suitable instrumentality for collecting
it. The requirement of a moderate license foe
from each person engaged in placer mining upon
the public domain, and a reasonable tax upon the
products of all mines, which might be graduated
according to the cost of production, would be
just to the Government and satisfactory to the
mining interest.
When it is considered that a nominal tax of one
per cent, upon the present product of the mines
would yield a larger income than is now derived
from the sales of the public lands, with an ex-
pense of collecting it comparatively small, and
that the prospective revenue from this source is
so great, the impolicy of granting the mines and
mineral lands in fee, without consideration, must
be apparent to all. It should, however, be borne
in mind that the business of developing the min-
eral resources of those regions is yet in its in-
fancy, and that all legislation bearing upon it
should have for its object the increase of the an-
nual products of the precious metals, and should,
in its inception, be directed to the encouragement
of the miner, by affording him security in his
possessions and stability to his business, rather
than to obtaining an immediate income to the
Treasury.
With the prospect of returning peace, and the
consequent increase of migration to the mining
regions likely thereafter to ensue, it seems to be
demanded of Congress that the rights of miners
should be defined and secured by law, and the
prosperity of those regions and the preservation
of good order therein thus insured.
The mines of New Mexico and Arizona are
probably not inferior in richness to any within the
limits of the United States. Owing to their in-
accessibility they are indifferently wrought. All
efforts to make them available must necessarily
be feeble and attended with but partial success
until roads shall have been constructed through
thoseTerritories from the Atlantic States orfrom
the navigable waters of the Pacific. Since the
acquisition of this portion of our domain, now a
period of seventeen years, the United States have
received no income from the sale of lands within
it, and but an inconsiderable sum from the sale of
lands in southeastern California.• It is believed
that the larger portion of the land in that section,
adapted to agriculture, is covered by Spanish and
Mexican grants or set apart for Indian pueblos.
There is therefore but a slight prospect that any-
thing will be realized from sales of the lands, or
that they will ever be located by homestead set-
tlers. The wants and habits of the population
are not such as to give any assurance or afford
anjr expectation that they will undertake from
their own means to prosecute to a successful com-
pletion the roads necessary to the development of
the vast mineral riches of the country.
A further discouragement to the settlement of
Arizona and southern California has been the con-
tinued drought which has prevailed for the last
two years, and from which most of the herds of
cattle and sheep accustomed to graze there have
perished.
The desert of California, known as the Colo-
rado desert, covering a territory of nearly one
hundred miles in extent, was evidently at one time
watered by the Colorado river. Being for the
most part depressed below the bed of that river,
it is susceptible of reclamation from its present
condition, by means of dams and acequias, the con-
struction of which, although not difficult, is, with-
out substantial aid from Congress, beyond the
means of the inhabitants. These combined dif-
ficulties render it probable, nay, almost certain,
that the Government will, under existing circum-
stances, derive no benefit either from the barren
lands or from the mineral wealth which abounds
in those Territories.
There can be no doubt that the public resources
would be much increased by the immediate work-
ing of the mines to the extent of their capacity,
and by the settlement of those regions by an en-
terprising and industrious population, though no
direct income should be derived from the sale of
the lands. It is therefore worthy of considera-
tion whether it would not be expedient to grant
all, or such portions of the lands, as are requisite
to insure the construction of the necessary rail-
roads, and the conversion of the sterile lands to
a condition of fertility. The benefits resulting
from such roads would not be confined to the prod-
uct of the mines. A new highway, at all times
exempt from obstruction by snow, would be open
to the Pacific. Passing by the valley of the Rio
Grande to El Paso, it would receive a large por-
tion of the rich commerce of central and west-
ern Mexico. These benefits are so obvious and
of such surpassing importance, that I do not hes-
itate in expressing my earnest conviction that the
Government should embrace any suitable oppor-
tunity which may be offered to secure the comple-
tion of a railroad upon the terms suggested.
It appears from a communication of General
Dix, the president of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, that it has, since the adjournment of
Congress, expended more than half a million dol-
lars upon the main line of the road leading west-
ward from Omaha, of which one hundred miles
have been permanently located, and forty miles
are in process of construction.
The company has surveyed lines to Salt Lake
City, through the South Pass, Laramie Plains,
Bridger's Pass by way of Timpana osand Weber
rivers, to determine the most feasible route. Par-
ties have also been engaged in explorations in
Colorado Territory through Berthold's Pass and
up the Cache la Poudre river, and also in exam-
ining the topography of the country in the vicinity
of the one hundredth meridian of longitude, and
in locating the line from Omaha to Fort Kearney.
Considering the limited time which has elapsed
since the action of Congress enabled this company
to prosecute the work with energy, satisfactory
progress has been made, and the country has no
reason to apprehend any tardiness in the prose-
cution of this great enterprise.
The progress made in the construction of the
branch road in Kansas, known as the Union Pa-
cific railroad, eastern division, has not met the
reasonable expectations of the public. There was
just reason to believe that the second section of
'forty miles of that road would have been rapidly
approachingcompletion, if not actually completed,
by this time; instead of which, forty miles only
of the track are laid, and that not yet in a con-
dition to be examined by the commissioners ap-
pointed by the President to inspect and report
upon the work.
For this unexpected state of affairs the com-
pany is not altogether without excuse. The
assassination of its contractor in July last, soon
after the adjournment of Congress, the continued
insurmountable difficulties of obtaining the neces-
sary materials, either by river or rail, from causes
known to all, prevented them for a time from
prosecuting the work. Since these difficulties
have been partially removed, a commendable
energy has marked the conduct of tbe company.
The first section of the road to Lawrence, to
which place the track is laid, will undoubtedly be
open to the public and in use within a few days.
The company in California is also making satis-
factory progress with its portion of the road.
The President has appointed George Ashmun
of Massachusetts, Springer Harbaugh of Penn-
sylvania, Charles T. Sherman of Ohio, Jesse L.
Williams of Indiana, and Timothy J. Carter of
Illinois, to be directors, on the part of the United
States, in the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and these gentlemen have accepted the appoint-
ment. The wisdom of Congress in providing
for the appointment of such officers cannot be
doubted.
Being impressed with the conviction of the
importance of securing the interest of the Gov-
ernment in the roads connectirtg with the main
line, and the faithful compliance, by the compa-
nies constructing them, with the terms and con-
ditions upon which they are entitled to the mu-
nificent bounties offered by Congress, I should
not hesitate to recommend, if it were deemed
practicable, that such directors should btex officio
members of the board or other governing author-
ity of each of such companies. I submit this
subject to the consideration of Congress, with
the hope that some means will be devised by
which a supervisory control over the action of
such companies may, within proper limits, be
conferred upon the directors on the part of the
United States.
The management of the Indians during the
past year has been attended with difficulty. In
addition to the war against that portion of the
Sioux that committed the massacres in Minnesota
in 1862, and who are yet unpunished and unsub-
dued, military operations have been carried on
against the combined bands of the Sioux of the
plains and of the Upper Missouri, as well as
against a considerable portion of the Cheyennes
and A rapahoes, particularly those who have been
accustomed to inhabit the country of the Upper
Platte river, and who were parties to the treaty
of Port Laramie. It is not necessary to inquire
whether, by adopting conciliatory measures, these
military operations might not, to a great extent,
have been avoided. Those who desire to inves-
tigate the subject may, with advantage, consult
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The question of interest is, what course shall
hereafter be pursued with these Indians .in order
to reduce them to subjection, and to afford all
needful protection to our citizens? The overland
mail to Colorado, and to the States and Territo-
ries west thereof, as well as a large proportion of
the carriers of goods, and of the emigrants to
those regions, passes over the Laramie plains,
which are infested during a large portion of the
year by these Indians. The route of the Pacific
railroad passes through the same country, and the
Government is, by act of Congress, under obli-
gation to extinguish the Indian title. The Gov-
ernment has but one treaty—that of Fort Lara-
mie—with the Sioux (of Dakota) and with the
Cheyennes and Arapahoes between the forks of
the Platte river, which these latter Indians have
ever acknowledged. This treaty was ratified by
the Senate with amendments, and its benefits to
the Indians, by virtue of the limitations imposed
by the Senate, are about to terminate. A suffi-
cient reservation for the Cheyennes and Arapa-
hoes has been established on the Upper Arkansas,
in the vicinity of Fort Lyon, and efforts have
been made which promise success to make it a
suitable and permanent home for them. The treaty
referred to forbids the occupation of the Plutte
country by the whites, and only permits their
transit through it.
To enable the Union Pacific Railroad Company
to establish its line of road through this country,
it is necessary that the United States shall have
the unmolested possession of the route, and of
much of the adjacent country. To secure that
object, however, 1 do not think it important that
any further treaties should be made with these In-
dians. Their violation of the existing treaty, in
making war upon our people, renders this unnc-
