1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S
38th Cofg....2d Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Nicholson pavement, by reason of its durability,
smoothness, and elasticity, has met with marked
favor. In view of the probability that measures
will be adopted by Congress providing some plan
for suitably paving Pennsylvania avenue, and
other principal thoroughfares of the city, I have
obtained an estimate of the expense of laying the
Nicholson pavement in P street, along the south-
ern front of the building occupied by this Depart-
ment.
By joint resolution No. 56, of June, 1864, the
Secretary of the Interior was, among other things,
directed to " prevent the improper appropriation
or occupation of any ofthe public streets,"&c., in
thecity of Washington. One ofthe objects of this
resolution evidently was to prevent the rebuilding
ofthe Center market-house upon its present site.
Notice was accordingly given to the authorities of
the city to desist from the erection of the building
that had just been commenced, and they thereupon
suspended the work upon it. The authorities
manifest a commendable disposition to make this
necessary improvement in such place and manner
as will meet the approbation of Congress.
The substantial and rapid progress of the city
for the last three years, its increasing and energetic
population, and the certainty of its future pros-
perity, evince the importance of immediate action
having for its object the improvement of its
sewerage, the cleansing of the canal—so as to cor-
rect, as far as possible, its present unwholesome
and offensive condition—and the adornment of the
streets and public grounds, thereby making the
metropolis of the nation healthy and attractive.
To that end, in addition to the suggestions con-
tained in my lastannualreport,itis recommended
that Congress provide by law for the removal of
the Center market-house from its present site, and
the extension of the Smithsonian grounds to Penn-
sylvania avenue. It is also advised that the public
reservations bordering on the canal and adjoining
the Smithsonian grounds be added thereto. The
enlarged area which the proposed change would
give to these grounds, their adornment by the
planting of trees and shrubbery, and the erection
of fountains, would add greatly to the comfort,
health, and pleasure of a populous portion of the
city, and be most agreeable and attractive to
transient visitors. The space occupicd by the
canal from Seventh street to Sixth street and the
contiguous reservation, would afford ample room
for the market-house. The expense of making
this space available is not worthy of consideration,
in view of the substantial benefits to be obtained
by extending the Smithsonian grounds to the
avenue. It is believed that Congress may, with-
out interfering with any right of the city of Wash-
ington, make such disposition of the canal as it
shall deem proper; and if it should be determined
to extend the sewer, now being constructed
through the botanic garden, along and in the
canal to the river, and to fill up the residue of the
canal, there can be but little doubt that the grounds
thus reclaimed for building and other useful pur-
poses will be equal in value to the expense of this
improvement.
The approaching completion of the Capitol,
under the direction of the architect, Mr. Walter,
imparts much interest to his report upon that and
kindred subjects. Accompanying it are plans and
drawings of the surrounding grounds which he
proposes to add to those of the Capitol, in order
to render them, in his opinion, reasonably spa-
cious and suitable to the building. His views
appear to me to be correct and judicious. They
do not require the purchase of any private prop-
erty, and should they be adopted by Congress,
it is recommended that measures be taken and
the necessary appropriations be made to grade,
embellish, and inclose the grounds.
Owing to the increased cost of construction,
additional appropriations for the completion of
the work are necessary. I refer to the report
of the architect for particulars upon this sub-
ject.
The east and west wings and the north front of
the building occupied by this Department have
never been thoroughly repainted since their erec-
tion. The pavements of the corridors in the south
front, now much worn, and partly laid with bricks,
should bo relaid with marble, so as to conform to
those in the newer portions of the building. For
these purposes an estimate for an appropriation
has been submitted.
The work upon the Potomac dam arftf Wash-
ington aqueduct, authorized at the last session,
has been prosecuted with all practicable dispatch.
The extreme scarcity of skilled labor and well
known local causes have, however, seriously im-
peded its progress; and its condition is notsofar
advanced as was confidently anticipated. An ap-
propriation of $51,945 is required to pay for the
work now under contract, and which should be
completed before the close of the present fiscal
year. The report of the engineer contains full
information in regard to the expenditures hitherto
made, as well as those that will be required to fin-
ish the aqueduct in a proper manner.
The ninth annual report of the Board of Visit-
ors of the Government Hospital for the Insane
shows that the institution has rendered very val-
uable service to the country during the past year.
The whole number of patients under treatment
during the year ending June 30,1864, was 787, of
whom 565 were from the Army, 35 fi om the Navy,
and 6 were lebel ptisoneis. The number of pa-
tients remaining at the end of the year was 351,
of whom 191 were from the Army, 18 from the
Navy, 4 from the rebel army, 2lYom the Soldieis'
Home, and 13G from civil life. The nunibordis-
charged during the year as <{ iccovered " was 288,
improved" 69, "unimproved" 5, deceased 74;
total 436. The financial exhibit made by the board
in their report is satisfactory. The extended ser-
vice performed has necessarily involvedau expend-
iture somewhat beyond the appropiiation. The
deficiency will, I doubt not, be supplied by Con-
gress. The report of the superintendent points
out the improvements upon the buildings and
grounds that are deemed desirable.
The Columbia Institution for (he Instruction of
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind appears, from
the annual report of the board of directors, to be
in a prosperous condition. Hon. Amos Kendall,
to whose liberality and philanthropy itisindebted
for its existence, letired from the presidency there-
of some months since and was succeeded by Mr.
E. M. Gallaudet, its former efficient and accom-
plished superintendent. A collegiate department
for the deaf .and dumb has been mauguiated un-
der the recent act of Congress authorizing the
board to confer degrees. The Potomac water
has been conveyed to the premises; but the ar-
rangements for lighting the building with gas
have not been completed. The appropriation of
$26,000 made at the last session of Congress for
enlarging the grounds lias been expended in the
purchase of nearly fourteen acres contiguous to
thcformerpremises on the north and west. The
numberof pupilson the 1st day of July, 1803, was
fifty-two, and on the 1st day of July, 1864, fifty-
eight. During the year eighty-one have received
instruction, of whom seventy-two were mutes,
and nine blind; and at the date of the report there
were seventy-three pupils.
The State of Maryland having established an
institution at Baltimore for the blind, the board
has expressed the opinion that the blind of this
District, on account of their small number, could
be better instructed at Baltimore, and has recom-
mended that their transfer to and support in that
institution be sanctioned by law. This recom-
mendation is submitted to the consideration of
Congress.
The report of the presidentof the board of po-
lice commissioners, prepared in obedience to the
requirements of the fourth section of the " act to
create a metropolitan police district," &c., gives
information in respect to the service perfotmed
by the officers and men during the past year.
The number of patrolmen is one hundred and
fifty, officered by a superintendent and ten ser-
geants. The police district embraces about sev-
enty square miles, with a population of 150,000
or 160,000 souls. The number of arrests made
during the past year was 23,545; of those thus
arrested there have been committed to jail 1.010;
given bail for appearance at court, 586; turned
over to military authorities, 2,271; committed to
the workhouse, J ,223; entered into bond to keep
the peace, 710; punished by fine, 8,743; other pun-
ishment of a light nature, 343; dismissed, 7,757;
cases, of which final disposition was not reported,
902. The fines imposed amount in the aggregate
to #33,197 50. The police force during the same
time has furnished lodgings to 2,483 destitute per-
sons found in the streets and highways, restored
102 lost children, and assisted to carry 170 dis-
abled persons to hospitals, besides taking up
estrays, giving fire alarms, and attending to many
other similar duties. A detective corps and a san-
itary company have been in successful operation.
During the year afire-alarm and police tejegraph
has been erected. This will prove to be"of very
great_ value in rendering the police force more
effective, and in insuring the safety of property
against the ravages of fire and the dangers of riot.
It is believed that after this telegraph has been
used for a few months, and the members of the
police have become familiar with the very many
uses to which it may be applied, the necessity of
an increase in the number of policemen will not
be felt as heretofore. I respectfully recommend
that an appropriation be made by Congress to
meet the expense, incurred.
The warden of the jail in the Districtof Colum-
bia,appointed by Authority oftheactofCongress,'
approved February 29, 1864, entered upon his
duties on the 11th of April last. The average
numberof prisoners since that time has been about
one bundled, though occasionally much greater."
The jail has become dilapidated and insecure, and
a new and more spacious one should be erected.
This recommendation has been submitted by my
predecessors for several years past, and at one
time the Senate called upon this Department to
furnish a plan and estimate for this object. Con-
gress, however, has never authorized the erection
of such a building. The necessity for it increases
wi'th the increase of population and oftransient so-
journers in Washington, and is undeniably much
greater to-day than heretofore. I have considered
carefully the suggestion of the warden, thatample
means for the construction of such a building
might be obtained by (he sale of the vacant square
on which the jail now stands. This square, so
near to the Capitol and Smithsonian grounds, will
not be necessary for beautifying the city, or for
affording it ample ventilation. According to an
estimate which has been submitted to me, it con-
tains four hundred and thirty-five thousand two
hundred and eighty-six square feet of ground,
which, if laid off into lots and sold, would at pres-
ent prices command a large sum. fcThe new jail
might be located upon the squareon which the City
Hall stands, in the rear of that building. If erected
after the most approved modern plan, it would not
prove detrimental to piivate propeity, while the
erection of dwellings or buildings for business pur-
poses, upon the square which it is proposed to
sell, would tend gteatly to enhance the value of
private property in the vicinity. The warden of
thcjail, and the graudjuiy that served at the June
term ofthe court, as well as the police commis-
sioners, have called attention to the large number
ofjuveniie offenders in the District,and to the great
impropriety of incarcerating them with veterans
in crime. Youths so treated are often discharged
from jail more depraved than when they entered
it. The recommendation made lastyear in favor
of the erection of a house of correction for such
offenders is respectfully renewed. It should be
so regulated as to combine punishment with means
of instruction and reform. The necessity for the
erection of a penitentiary in this District was fully
set forth in the last annual report of this Depart-
ment. Additional force cannot be given to the
recommendation then made by a repetition ofthe
views therein presented.
The clerical force engaged in the compilation
of the statistics of the census becomes gradually
less with the progress of the work devolving upon
it, and its duties should be completed at an early
period. The volume on population has been
piinted and distributed, and meets with favor
throughout the country. That on agriculture is
nearly ready for distribution, and the subsequent
volumes will appear in succession; the whole pre-
senting a complete exhibit of the material inter-
ests and progress of the country up to the period
of the rebellion.
The numerous demands of States, Departments,
members of Congress, and individuals for sta-
tistical information, illustrate the importance of
the organization of a permanent bureau of sta-
tistics, heretofore recommended to Congress. The
