716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
'because the item was not included by the authors
of the bill under the heading to which it properly-
belonged.
Mr. SHERMAN. Even that criticism is not
well taken. This bill is divided into several heads,
but there are many items scattered through the bill
that do not relate to the particular heads. This
is the ordinary form and mode in which these bills
have come to us for years from the House of Rep-
resentatives. These three items in regard to print-
ing, stamps, &c., are all grouped together. They
relate to all the differentDepartments of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CLARK. There was some confusion in
the debate yesterday in regard to the distinctive
paper of the Treasury Department, whether it
could be printed both wet and dry. I was under
the impression that it might be printed both ways,
but on inquiry I find that the fractional currency
paper is oniy to be printed dry. I stated yester-
day that in photographing this fractional currency
paper the membranous part of it photographed
black. I hold in my hand a specimen of the frac-
tional note paper which has been photographed,
and Senators by looking at it will see that the re-
sult of photographing is to cover the paper all over
with black marks like ink marks.
I have here a great variety of this printing from
the Treasury Depfutment, which I obtained by
giving my receipt for it, with my bond of honor
that it should be returned. I shall not allow any-
body to take it from mydesk,lmt if anybody de-
sires to see it I will carry it into the Vice Pres-
ident's room and be happy to show it to any one,
for 1 am answerable that it shall go back to the
Treasury, it being charged to me, and the sheets
being all imperfect. There is notone of them that
can be used in its present condition, but I shall
be happy to show them to any Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire of the honor-
able Senator if he is the only honest Senator, in
the judgment of the Treasury Department, in this
body.
JVJr. CLARK. Not by any means; but sup-
pose I should let these sheets wander about among
the Senators; Senutois, while being entirely hon-
est, might not think of bringing ihem back, or
somebody might take them from them, so that I
could not find them. I beg the Senator's pardon
if he in furs from anything 1 said that I would not
trust them with a Senator.
JVJt. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. COWAN. On giving bond.
Mr. CLARK. I will let any Senator have a
specimen without a bond, if he will be responsible
to bung it to me again.
Now, Mr. President, I shall conclude what I
have to say at this time—I am prepared to go fur-
ther into the matter—by sending to the Chair a
letter from the former Secretary of the Treasury
to Mr. Clark, dated the tiUi of February, which
1 ask tuny be iftui.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Washington, Fcbiuary (5, 1865.
My Dear Sir: I have lead Willi much lnteiest,and all
the c.tic my duties, allowed, your jejuni fo Heeietary Fes-
Kdxica on the operations of youi division of tins National
Cuueney Uuieau. I am glad you have prepared this com-
plete vindication ot tlie^^tem o! bond and note engrawng,
]>i iiiting, and pi operation tor i^ue in the Tt easiiry I)< part-
mciit. Change that a system winch saves millions of dol-
lars should need any.
IVrh.ips nuone iau appieeiate youi seivices as I do;
for, as i ant lion zed the --j *-iem and put on > on the work of
or?a'ii/..ttit>n .nui praetieal opcurtion, 1 nafuially obseived
jour actum with mueh anvicty. I saw what difficulties
you eiK'ounteied and overcame, amid predictions of* fail-
ure and uupe(iehinent* both ot motive and conduct which
haidlv any other man could or would have enduied. My
own lauli at limes almost entirely gave way. Nothing
enabled me to persevere hut jom pejseverance.
Lookup hack now, and seeing what groat benefit* have
been m.'' uied to our countrj , I greatly rejoice th.it, though
soiii"!imes much discouraged, I did not give up. Not
many, u i- true, will ev er understand what has been done ;
but the woik is there, and a few know it.
Tie- gHMics. part—-hi lar the greatest part—is yoms,and
your be-.-] icw:nd is eotwiou-nevs. IJut t tuist that eon-
Kion-ne-o: u ill not be jour only i ewaid. I sail hope that
your senices wiii he suitably acknowledged by Congress
and the (JoMiniuciit, Were I yet riecictary joti .-.hould
at lea-t have as much honor as a Secretary \ icpott can
give.
Hinccidy join friend, S. 1'. UilASE.
svt-n'( eiv m. 1'l vrk, i'sq., Chief First Dii i^ion National
Cuirc/uy Jimcaa. Tiea&ury Department.
Mi. SUMNER. I understand there is How on
the table a mersagc from the President m answer
to a resolution passed by the Senate the other day
relating to certain conferemj^with rebels. I ask
that the present measure be informally laid aside,
and that the message be rend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The business before the Senate can
be laid aside only by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection; it will be laidaside, in-
formally, and the message read.
CONFERENCES WITH KEBELS.
Th* PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
In answer to the lesolution of the Senate of the 8th in-
stant, requesting information concerning recent conversa-
tions or communications with in-urgent* under executive
sanction, I tiansmit a icpoit from the Secretary of State,
to whom the resolution was referred.
AiiilAIIAM LINCOLN.
February 10, 1865.
Pppartmpnt of State,
Washington, February 10, J865.
To the President:
The Secretaiy of State, to whom wa«* referred a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 8th instant, requesting •' the Pres-
ident of the United rit.ues, it in his opinion no! incompati-
ble with the public interests, to furnish to the Senate any
information in !ih possesion concei mug recent conversa-
tions oi communications with certain icbels, raid to have
been under executive sanction, including communications
with the icbel Jeflersou Davis, and any correspondence re-
lating theieto," has the lionoi to repot t thai the Semite may
propuly be lefencd to a «pecial menage or the President
hearing upon the subject of the ievolution and transmitted
to the Iloiise this (Jay. Appended lo ihi.s report la a copy
ot au instruction which has been addicted to Charles
Francis Adam-, ti-q.. envoy e\tiaoiduiaiy and minister
plenipofeiitiary of tlie United States at London, and which
is the only correspondence lound m this Department touch-
ing the subject u'lerieil lo in the le&uluiion.
Kespeettully bubnutted.
WILLIAM II. SLWA11D.
1Mr. Seward to Mr. Jlelams.
No. 1258.] D* p MirMi- N r of Static,
Washington Criv, l'\:bruai>/1, 1£(J5.
S?ir: It is a trui>m that in limps ot peace there are al-
ways mstigatois oi wai. Ho soon as wai begin-., Iheie are
citizens who impiitieniiy di niand negotiations tor peace.
The advocates ol wai, aflei an aquation, longer nr shorter,
geneiallv gain tben fearlul cud, though the war deelaied
l.s not untiei|uently unnecc--ary and unwise, peace
mutators iu time ot wai nlrun.itelv bring about an aban-
donment ot the conflict, sometimes without seeming the
advantages which ueie ouginaliy expected liom the con-
flict.
The agitators for war in time of pence, and for peace in
time of war, aie not necessai il\\ or perhaps otdinaulv,
unpauiotic in then piuposes or motives. lif>tilts alone
determine whether they am wise or unwise. The tieuty
of peace concluded a! Uaudainpe Hidalgo was seemed by
an irregular negotiatoi under the ban ot the Government,
riome of the (dibits winch have been made to biiug about
negotiations, with a view to end our en il wai, aie known
to the whole world, hee.ru-e they have employed lniei<iu
as weil as domestic agents. < >theis? with whom have,
had to deal confidentially, ;ue known to ynuisell', although
they have not publicly nan-piied. Oilier eflbits have oe-
entted bete which aie known onh to liie peisuns actually
moving in them mid fo this (iiivi nnneni 1 am now to
give Jor jour inlbiniation an aeeount ot an adan olMhe
same genem! chatiictei, which iceentlv leceived much
aiteniiou hete, and which doubtless will excite iiujuuy
abroad.
A few days ago, Francis p. Blair, Esq., of Mat yland, ob-
tained irom the Tresideut a simple leave lo pasMhmugh
our military hm-s, without definite views known to the
(joverninent. Mi. 151.ur visited I'lehmond, .mil on his lo
turu be fhowed to the i'lcsident a letter which Jefieison
Oavis had written to Mr. Man, in which Davis wtote that
Mr. Blair was at hbeity to say to President Lincoln that
Davis was now, as he always had been, willing to send
eommlssioneis if a^uied they would he leceived, or lo re-
ceive any that should lie sent; that he was not disposed to
find obstacles m lonns lie would send coninu-=ioneis to
confer with the Piosident with a view to a ie<toiatton of
peace between the two eountth s it he could be a-wiied
ihey would be leceived. Thol'resjdent lh< reupon, <")it the
18th olManuaiy, addre<s(>d .t note to Mr. HIair, in winch the
lhe&ideut, aftei acknou lcdgnig that he had tead the note of
Mr. l)a\ is, said that he was, is, and ahvavsshould be, will-
ing to receive any agents that Mi. Davis oi anv other in-
fluential pen-on. now aeiuallyresisimirtiieauthority oi the
Government, might send to cotifei infoi uiaHy with the Pus-
id ent with n view to the io-toi at ion of pe.x.e to she people
ot our one common counhy. Mi. lilau visited l'tehnn<nd
with this letter, and then again came hack to Washington.
On ihe xiDtli [ulnmo] we were advised liom the camp ol
Lieutenant (i"ncml Giant that Aiexamlei I{. Stephen^,
K. M. T. Hunter, arid John A. Campbell were applving
ior leave to pass through the hues to Washington as peace
fomnUf^i'MK'H to c inier wrib fhe Pi'-sident. Tliej' were
permitled by the Lieutenant General to eometo his head-
quaiters to await there the deei-ioo of fhe President,
Major Lckej t was sent down to meet the pai ly fiom litch-
mond at (iuneral Otant's he:id({uaitci-'. The mrijor was
directed t<> deliver to them a eupvof the Piesi(!ent1s hMter
to Mr. Blan, witli ;i note ttf he addressed to them and
, signed by the major, in which the\ were direetiv intormed
that if theyshouhi be allowed to pa^s onr hues 'hey would
]| be undeist'iod ,is ccmnng for an infoimal ceiifere«iee upon
II the basis of tiie afoicnamed letter of the It'th of January
to Mr. Blair. If they should exprees their assent to this
condition in wufins, then Mn.ior Eekert wa^ directed to
give them «afe conduct to Fortress Monroe, where a per-
son coming fiom the President would meet ihem. It be-
ing thought probable, from a report of their convei-ation
wilh Lieutenant General Giant, that the Richmond party-
would in the manner piescubed accept the condition men-
tioned, the Secretary of State was charged by flic Presi-
dent with the duty of representing this Government m the
expected mfoimal conference. The Secretary anived at
Fortress Monroe in the night of the 1st day of Febiuary.
Major Eekeitmet him in the morning of the 2d of Febiuary
with the information that the persons who had come from
Richmond had not accepted iu writing the condition npou
which he was allowed to give them conduct to Foitie^s
Monroe. The major had given the wins information by-
telegraph to the Piesulent at Wa&hington. On iccetving
this 'information the Piesulent prepared a telegiam direct-
ing the Secretary to return to Washington. The Secretaiy
was pieparnig at the same moment to so return, without
waiting for instructions fiom the president, lhit at this
juncture Lieutenant Gencia! Giant telegiaphed to the Sec-
retary of War, as well as to the Secietaiy ot State, that
the party liom Richmond had reconsidered and accepted
the conditions tendered them through Major Eekert; and
Geaeial Grant urgently advised the President to confer in
pet&on with the Richmond part v. Under these encum-
stanees the Secretaiy, by the President's direction, re-
mained at Forrtess Monioe, and the President joined him
there on the niiiht of the Qd of Fcbi uaiy. The Kictimond
party was brought down the James river in a United States
steam transport during the day, and the tian.spoit was
auchoied in Hampton Roads.
On the inoiuing of the 3d, the President, attended by the
Seeretarv, leceived Messrs. Stephens, Hunter,and Camp-
bell on boaid the United States steam tiauspoit Kiver
Queen, in Hampton Roads. The confeience wasul together
inform il. There was no attendance of tecretaue-i, <. leiks.or
other witnesses. Nothing was written or read. The conver-
sation, although earnest ami liee, was calm and cnmicous
and kind on both sides. The Richmond party appioaehed
the discussion lather indirectly, and at no time did they
etihermake eategoncal demands, or tender fotmal stipu-
lations or absolute lefusals. Nevertheless. dui mg the con-
feience, which lasted fom hours, the several points at issue
between the Government and the insurgents were dis-
! tinctly raised, and discussed lully, intelligently, and in an
amicable vpnit Wnat the insumeut paityseemed chiefly
to favor was a postponementof the question ot sepaiation,
upon which the wai is waged, and a mutual direction of
eh'oitsof the Government, as well as those of the int-urgents,
to some extrinsic policy or scheme tor a season, dunng
which passions might be e\pec ted to subside, and theainned
bo lediiced, and tiade and intercourse between the people
of both seciions lesumed. It was suggested by Ihem that
thiough such postponi'inent we nuglit. now have immedi-
ate peace, with some not very ceitain prospect ol an ulti-
mate satisl.mtoiy adjustment of political relations hi tw e< n
this Govei anient and the States, feection, and people now
eng.igeil m conllict with it.
This suggestion, though deliberately considered, was
neveiibeh'ss tegaided h) the President as one ot otrnistreo
or truce, ami he announced that we can atrree to no cessa-
tion or suspension of hostilities except on the basts or the
disbandment ot the insurgent Ibices and the restoration of
the national authority throughout ail the States in the
Union. Collateially, and in suhoidination to the piopo-i-
iion wlh< h was thus announced, the anti-sjaveiy policyof
the United States was reviewed in ail its beai mirs, and the
President announced thatbe must not bo expected todepait
liom the positions lie had heietofoie assumed in his pnn ta-
rnation of emancipation and other document as these po-
sitrons were reitetated in his last annual message, ]t was
fuither di'daied by Ihe President that the coinptele testoia-
tnui of the national nudiotiiy everywhere was an indis-
pensable condition ot joy assent on our part to whatever
foiin of peace mi^hr be ptopos< d. The i'lesulenf a--uied
the othei par ty that w h ilc lujinu-.t adhere lo the - e p. isukjus,
he would be piepared. so lai as power is hxlged wnh the
Kvecutfve, to exeicise hbeiahiv. Its power, however, is
limited by the Constitution ; and when peace shall be made
Congre-s must neeessai tly act in regal d to appi epilations of
money and to the admission of repie^entatives from tho
msiniectiouaiy States. The Richmond partv weie then
mlormed that Congie.ss had on the IH^t ultimo adopted by
a constitutional majority a joint lesolution submitting to
the sevcial Stales the proposition to abolish slavet j' through-
out the Union; and that there is every reason to expect
that it will be soon accepted by three touiths ot the States,
so as to become a part ol the national organic law.
The conference came to an end by mutual acquiescence
without piodueing any agiceinent of views upon {he sev-
eral matters discu-scd, or any of thein. Nevertheless it is
peihaps of some importance that we have been able to sub-
mit onr opinions and views dueetly to piomuient in-nr-
genfs. and to hear them m answer, ill a couiteotib and not
unfueiuUy manner.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Regarding that message
as the most important one that has ever been de-
livered to the Senate of the [Jmted States, I move
I that it be referred to a select committee of five
j; members of this body, with leave to repoit in
ij wiitmg.
II Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that motion
1 i had better lie over.
j; Mr. SUMNER. I think it will be enough if
I; we order the message Jo be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it lie on the table.
|| Mr, SUMNER. I move that it lie on the table,
and be printed for the use of the Senate.
: Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to give notice that
, I shall make the motion I have indicated.
