1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless objected
to, the message will be laid on the table and ptimed
for the use of the Senate. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does the Chair decide
that my motion is out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not so decide. The motion to lay upon the table
took precedence of it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My motion is considered,
then, as entered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
lay upon the table took precedence of it, and has
been agreed to.
MESSAGE KROJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced thatthe
House had passed tiie bill of the Senate (S. No.
112) for the relief of the heirs of Almond D. Fisk.
The message further announced that the House
ltad passed a bill (H. R. No. 145) for the relief
of Major McFarland, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joiutresolution, which thereupon leceived
the signature of the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 431) for the relief of Solomon
Wadsworth; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 106) providing for
the compilation of a Congressional Directory at
each session.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) for the
relief oi Major MeFarland, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
G49) making appropi lations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 80th of .Tune, 18G6, the
pending question being on the amendment of tiie
Committee on Finance, on page 39, line nine hun-
dred and forty-nine, after the word " dollars" to
strike out the following proviso:
P)ov\dc</, That no further expenditures shall be made
fot flie cxpcniiieiitul t-yMeni <>i hydroplane punting by ihe
Tie;wii)< Hep.it tinent until such experiments a-hull have
been di-Jnutely authorized b> law, and adjunct appioptid-
tion made thetetoi.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it very desirable that
** we should have accurate information on this sub-
ject, and therefore I want to draw a little more
*lrom theSenatoi fiomNew Hampshire, who has
investigated the subject. I want to know whether
tiie Senator from New Hampshire includes m his
statement with regard to the expense of printing
the expense of the clerical force in the bureau ?
Mr. CLARIS. ItmcJudesevcrything. I have
the f.guies heie:
'♦The piynient and expen^e^ofthe division from the day
jf wa- fn-t flatten until the Jlth day o! June, 1SG-1, w,b le-
poited to Coitale~.:: hv m\ piedece-^or on the laitei date,
and amoiuit''d io i~fo60,u7.) 78. Tins repoit was pinned,
and will be found on p.i^e 45 of the icpoit ot the special
eonimutee ul uie tit-a bi.s>iOiioi' the pi e^ent Con<ri<-&-i. The
payments and expenses vinee thai period have been $394,-
yjl -27"
If the Senator will add these sums together, I
think he will find them to amount to §1,054,937 05.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihaveanother amendment
to offer on tins subject as a separate and distinct
amendment. It is to mseit on page 39, line nine
hundied and forty-nine, after the word " dollars'5
the following proviso:
JJrot ided. That the propprnccoumin«r officers ofthe Trea«-
uiv b« , and they an; hei cb\, .'uuiiot i/cd and dner-t^d to
examine .iml adjust tiie accounts ot Siewart Gur\ niie for
printing ptijw-, maehinei}, mateiial, and iaboi tnrm^hed
and -sucplii'd t<> the Ttea.-iwy DepaitnienL and toi < \|>viuh-
tui' •> uudi'i tiie an?hoi itv of the Seci craiv and to tepoi! to
him Mirh s-um a< nun beujuitabiv due -.aid Gwynne. Pro-
iidcd jailkc>, Tli.it "tor in luiin-iied oi supplied under
contract tin trx'ater-nm tb in tiie contract p'iee t-hall he
allowid: *hid proiiJal /mlkn. Th.it beioio any payment
shall be nude, the rand Stew.ut Gw\ line shall, in such foi tn
aa ill<t\ he pi : ibt d by tiie Si*< rotaiy of the Ti ea-urv, tully
conve\ ami seciiie to the Hinted States the rijdit to u^e
said parses, and any additional number theieof, with their
machinery and future improvements, in theTreosmy build-
ing oi any other building dnected by the Secretary'lor arty
and all printing the Government may deaire for its own u e
and purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. I raise Ihe pointof order that
I raised yesterday, that this amendment makes
provision for the payment of a private claim sup-
posed to be held by Stewart Gwynne against the
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. The point of order is not
well taken, because theamendmentdoes not make
provision for a payment. It does not direct the
payment, nor even an award.
1 wish to say in regard to this amendment that
I offer it really for the protection and at the re-
quest of the Secretary of the Treasury. I have
no particular desire that the amendment be adopt-
ed. 1 do not think it is susceptible to the objec-
tion made by the honorable Senator; nor do i see
any objection to it. The amendment does not
make an appropriation. It does not direct the
money to be paid oat of thisfund. It simply re-
stricts and limits the power of the Secretaiyof
the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury
may now pay Stewart Gwynne, or anybody else,
for work done in this Printing Bureau out of the
general fund; but this amendment provides that
before he shall pay it the account shall pass through
the surveillance ofthe proper officers ofthe Treas-
ury Department, and that the Secretary shall not
pay it until Stewart Gwynne shall execute a
proper release of his patent; so that it is really a
restriction of the power of the Secretary to pay
this money which he can pay under the law.
The amendment itself does not direct the Secre-
tary to pay it, nor does it even authorize tiie Sec-
retary to pay the money. That he can do under
the general provisions of law under the appio-
piiation as it now stands. The Secretary sim-
ply desires this amendment so that he may send
this matter to the piopcr accounting officeis and
have it properly investigated and have the records
kept there, and that he may demand of Stewart
Gwynne a proper release to the Government of
the patents, which are iea!ly inventions made by
officers of the Government or agents of the Gov-
ernment in the Treasury building. It therefore
limits the power of the Secretary, instead of ex-
tending it. Nor is the amendment for the benefit
of Stewart Gwynne; it is rather for the benefit
and protection of the Secietary and for the pio-
tection of the Treasury. 1 do not care myself
anything about the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I only raise this point of order
that u e may have it settled hereafier for my own
government and the government of the Senate. I
think the amendment is manifestly within the
rules. It directs that the Secretary of tiie Treas-
ury shall examine these accounts—and then there
is a negative piegnant: he shall not pay unless
certain things are done; winch is justas much as
to say he shall pay if those things are done. It
is a parliamentary question, which I am willing
to submit to the decision of the Chair; and I shall
be satisfied with the decision of the Senate, let it
be whatevei it may. 1 shall know hereafter how
to diaft amendments; that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Upon the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Ohio the Senator from Iowa raises a point
of order that it is to pay a private claim, and under
tht) rules of the Senate an amendment cannot be
made upon an appiopriation bill to pay a private
claim. The Chair will submit the question of
order for the decision of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Presiding Offi-
cer will decide the question. It is the duty of the
Presiding Officer to decide it. I shall be perfectly
satisfied,whichever way he decides it; and 1 think
the Senator from Iowa will be too.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it of suffi-
cient importance to take the sense of the Senate
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the right
of the Chair to submit the question to the Senate.
The Chair would lather not dccide a question of
this sot t, being of the impulsion that the amend-
ment on its face is to pay a pnvate chum. It
may, however, he to nay a pruate claim under
an existing law; arid if it he to pay a private claim
under an existing law it is not objectionable.
The Chair is not advised whether there is an ex-
isting law which would authorize the payment,
and therefore is disposed to submit the question
to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POME ROY. Itoccurred to me when this
matter was before the Senate yesterday that this
amendment was in the nature of a restriction or
limitation. It is certainly not an appropriation,
and, technically speaking, it does not come within
the rule. It simply provides the manner in which
payment either shall or shall not be made, and in
that view of the case I was very clear that the
amendment as submitted by the Committee on
Finance was certainly in older, and not against
the 30th rule of the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I deaire to state that, aa
I understand it, the only question now before us
is whether the Secretary of the Treasury had the
authority under any preceding law to authorize
this sort of work to be done in the Tieasury De-
partment. I cannot have any doubt about that.
He had an ample authority to cause these notes
to be printed, and to be printed in the Treasury
Department. I do not doubt that the Secretary
of the Treasury had authoiity to make these ex-
periments upon these hydrostatic presses. The
propriety, the policy, the expediency of sodoing
are altogether different questions. Whether the
Secretary of the Treasury did right or not is
another question. Whether he could not have
saved money by letting the hydrostatic presses
alone, and printing upon the old style of press, is
quite a different thing from the one that is now be-
fore us. The only question is whether he had au-
thority to do this thing. I think we cannot avoid
paying for these presses, bccause this individual,
Gwynne, was authorized to put them there. If
tiie Secretary of the Treasury had the power to
make the contract, he having made the contract
or authorized it, we are under obligations to pay
for them, and ! think justice would require that we
should pay for them. I do not regard it as set-
tling a private claim. I think the authority ex-
isted by law in the Secretary to do this woik. I
may be mistaken, and viewing it in that light I
cannot but agree and consent to the payment of
the claim.
Mr. GRIMES. This is precisely such a claim
as we are icferring every day to the Court of
Claims. There is not a case that lias come be-
fore the Senate during this session that is not in
some way or other connected with or based upon
some law. A man says that by the authority of
law somebody has entered into a contract with
him, and that contract has not been complied with ;
and we send his case to the Court of Claims.
There is not any doubt, I suppose, but what the
Secretary of the Treasury had, under a general
appropriation bill, authority generally to make
certain printing, and under that authority he has
gone and contracted, or authorized somebody to
contract, with Stewart Gwynne for certain hy-
drostatic presses, which the Government has been
using; but is that the kind of a law upon which
a claim is to be based that does not come withm
theiuleof the Senate? 1 understand that that
rule applies to a case like this: that wheie there
is a positive, unqualified law specify ing the amount
that is due to a man, it is competent for us to in-
sert it upon an appropriation bill; but 1 appre-
hend the chairman of the Committee on Claims
has not got a case in his possession to-day re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims that is not based
ptst as much on alaw, or a contract with thcGov-
ment, expressed or implied, as this claim. As I
said before, 1 am not particular as to how the
Senate decide the question. It is a prec dent that
is to he followed during the balance of this ses-
sion ; that is all.
As to its not being an appropriation, as sug-
gested by the Senator, there is not any moie
doubt about that than there is that \ stand heie.
The section goes on and provides thatthe accounts
shall be adjusted by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and then that he shall not pay unlesscei tain
things be done. Is there a man here that ever
rend Blackstone, or that undei stands the rudi-
ments of the English language, or that knows
anything aboutlogsc, that dues not know that that
is just as much as to say, if those things ale done
the payment shall be made. Is not that what all
school-boys know as a negative pregnant? And
are we to be told that this is not an appropriation ?
It is just as much an appropriation as if it was
