718
THE COJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
said in express terms that $38,000 should be paid
by the Secretary of the Treasury out of the Treas-
ury to Stewart Gwynne.
Mr. HENDERSON. In my view of this mat-
ter, the Secretary of the Treasury has full power
to adjust this claim. As was very properly stated,
however, by the Senator from New Hampshire,
yesterday,the Secretary desires that the claim be
settled not by him, and he seems to think author-
ity is given to him alone to settle it under the
former laws. He wants it to go before the account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department, and he
thinks this amendment will send it before the ac-
counting officers, and it can there be adjusted like
any other claim. He does not wish to assume
the responsibility of settling it himself, and he does
not conceive that the previous laws on the subject
authorize it to go before the accounting officers.
I understand that that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether this amendment shall be received, on
a point of order being made that it is to pay a
private claim.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Duckalew, Clark, Cormess,
Dooliule, Farwoll, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Lime of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Nes-
mitli, Nje, Ramsey. Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,Spra?ue,
Stewart, Sumnyr, Ton Eyek, VVilley, Wilson, and Wright
—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Grimes, Harlan, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilkinson—6.
ABSENT—iMohbrri. Uarlile, Chandler, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Divon, Poor, Foster, Hale, Harding, llariis, Hicks,
MeDoii-iall, Mouili, i'omeroy, Powell, itichurd&on, anil
Van Winkle—18.
So the point of order was not sustained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is received; and the question now is on the
adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERlMAN. I haveanotheramendment
to ofter fiotn the Committee on Finance. It is to
insert as a new section:
Jind be it further c.nactcd, That to enable the Secretary of
the Tieasmy to provide temporary accommodations foi the
Slate Depaiuncut, and lo  the accommodation of such of
the cloiksof theTieaifUry Department as cannot be accom-
modated in the pie&cnt building, the sum of §^.j,0U0 is
hereby appioprMted. And the Secretary of the Intenor is
heieliy requited t<> furnish suitable rooms in the Patent
Olhcr building lor theaecomniodation of the Attorney Gen-
eral, A.-si-nant Attorney General, clerks, and messengers
in his oilier; and ior the pmpose of furm-hins? and fitting
up such rooms the sum of $5,000 is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to move as a further amendment
on page 40, line nine hundred and fifty-six, to in-
sert before the word "act" the words "internal
revenue," so that the clause will read:
For piueuini" die*?, stamps, adhesive stamps, paper,
priiiim*; forms and (emulations, advern-ing, and other ex
peii-rs of e.umng into elioct the internal revenue act of
June yd, 1& 1, ^1,1U0,0U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the same page, line nine
bundled and sixty-one, I am directed by the same
committee to insert, after the word " same," the
words " m the office of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency," so that the clause will read:
For p.iper, e-peual diet-, and the printing of circulating
nole-;, ;uul expense^ necessarily inclined (including
press di ugoj.) m pioeining the muiio, ju the oflice of the
Comptroller of the Cuneiie}, $6'<5,<>U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SllERMAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Finance to oiTer as a new section
what is called (he deficiency bill. It is scarcely
worth while to lead it. It is precisely the bill
as it has been agreed upon by both Houses, with
the oxct-plion of the disputed clause about the
extra compensation to the clerks and employes of
the other Hnu?o.
The PRESIDlNGrOFFlCER. The reading of
the proposed amendment will be dispensed with
unless calied for by some Senator.
Mr. SUMNER, i have an amendmentto offer.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a report from
the commute of conference on the deficiency bill.
The PREStDlNGOFFlCER. If no objection
be made, the report will be received at this time.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CLARK. I submit the following report
from the committee of conference on the defi-
ciency bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment to the bill of the
House (H. li. No. 620) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1865, having met, after full and free conference
have been unable to agree.
T. STEVENS,
G. II. PENDLETON,
J. S. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the House.
DANIEL CLARK,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
GEORGE READ RIDDLE,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on agreeing to the report of the commit-
tee. No recommendation is made by the com-
mittee, but they simply report the fact of their
disagreement.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate insist
upon its amendment to the House bill; and, Mr.
President, if I may be pardoned in taking up the
time of the Senate, I desire, for the purpose of
bringing this matter before the country more di-
rectly than it is, to make a few remarks upon the
report.
The only disagreement upon the bill is upon
the provision inserted by the House of Repre-
sentatives appropriating $38,000 out of the con-
tingent fund to pay a gratuity to the cleiks and
employes of the House.
Mr. CONNESS. In violation of law.
Mr. CLARK. In violation of law, as is sug-
gested by the Senator from California. From
the year 1849 to the year 1858 there grew up a
practice in one House and the other Mouse of
paying toward tin; end of the session,or at the close
of the session, a gratuity to the employes of each
House. The House of Representatives, or the
Senate, as the case might be, would pass a reso-
lution and pay twenty per cent, extra compensa-
tion to the employes of that House. Then the
employes of the other House would solicit the
same gratuity to them; and the lesult would be
that each House would pass a lesolutton for a
gratuity of twenty per cent. That practice went
on until the year 1858, when Congress passed a
law thatitshould notconunue any further. That
law will be found m the eleventh volume of the
Statutes, page 3~G, and is in these words:
Sec. 5. Jind be it farther enactcd, That no part of the
appropriations winch may be at any time made foi the con-
tingentexpeiws ot eithei Houm: of Compels ?h<ill be ap-
plied to any other than the oidmary expenditures ot the
Senate and House of Representatives, urn as extia allow-
ance to any clerk, messenger, or attendant of the said two
Houses, or either ot them, noi as payment or compe twit ion
to any clerk, me^enger, or other attendant of the said two
Iloubus, or either of ilium."
After that 1 think neither House attempted to
make such agratuity to then-employes until, at the
last session, the House passed a icsolution of that
kind. When that resolution came to the account-
ing officers of theTreasury, if not before, it was
refused a passage. I think the Ck tk of the House
did not pay it, bat submitted it to the Treasury
Department, and was told it could not pass there;
and therefore it was not paid. Now, the House,
in order to make an appropriation for that gratuity,
have appended an tunondment upon the deficiency
bill. They put it on a former deficiency bill. The
Senate rejected it. It went back to the House,
and they refused to concur in the amendment of
the Senate, it enme back here, and a committee
of conference was appointed, which disagreed.
The Senate agreed to that report, and insisted
upon its amendment with great unanimity. An-
other committee of conference was appointed, and
they disagreed. The Senate still insisted, and
finally voted, with great unanimity, to adhere to
its amendment to the deficiency bill; and the House
of Representatives having previously voted to ad-
here, the deficiency bill failed.
Thereupon the House of Representatives in-
troduced and passed another deficiency bill, and
it contained the distinct provision tlmt $38,000
should be appiopriated for tins precise object, with
a little difference in the phraseology. The Senate
struck it out. It went back to the House for then-
approval, and they disagreed to the amendment
of the Senate. It is in tins view that I desire to
call the attention of the Senate and the country to
the position of the matter, because the House at-
tempted to cast the odium, if there be any, of the
failure of the deficiency bill upon the Senate. 1
know I shall be pardoned if I read from the Globe
this remarkable passage:
" Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois. T a^k the gentleman's
attention to one fact. I understand from the Secretary of
War that at the present time not a single dollar can be ex-
pended from his Departmentfor the sick and wounded sol-
diers in our hospitals because of the delay in the passage
o( this bill.
Mr. Stevens. So far as that subject is concerned, I
look upon the action of the Senate as an atrocity."
After the deficiency bill had failed in the House
by the disagreement between the two
Mr. JOHNSON. Was that said in debate ?
Mr. CLARK. That was in the debate reported
in the Globe; and I do not desire, and am not
willing, that it should go out to the country with-
out beingchallenged. I desire to bring the atten-
tion of the country to the precise position of the
fact.
Here was a large deficiency in the War De-
partment, and in other Departments, of over one
hundred million dollars needed by the Govern-
ment to carry on the purposes of the Govern-
ment and put down this rebellion. The soldiers
were unpaid; the men in the hospitals were un-
paid. The bill had gone to both Houses and had
failed, because we could not agree upon this point;
and then the House of Representatives—1 shall
not be charged with speaking with any discourt-
esy of the House of Representatives, because I
mean to confine my remarks to what is reported
in the Globe—passed another bill with precisely
the same*provision in it on which we had dis-
agreed; they put into it a provision which they
knew had defeated the bill; and then, because the
Senate would not assent to a provision that was
contrary to law and give a gratuity of twenty per
cent, to the clerks and messengers of the House;
because they would not willingly consent to do
that, the action of the Senate is charged before
the country as an " atrocity !" Then this report
goes on to say:
" If the sick and wounded soldiers are not provided for
the blame should justly rest with the Senate."
The sick and the wounded soldiers cannot be
provided for if they do not put into the deficiency
bill providing for them a provision to give $38,000
gratuity to the clerks and messengers of the other
House. There is nodiderence of opinion between
us; we have agreed to every provision and every
deficiency for the sake of the wounded soldier;
but because the Senate will not consent that $38,000
shall be given to these employes, who, in my judg-
ment, are paid for what they do as well as any
other emplyoyes 
Mr. GRIMES, it is an attempt to take it from
the sick and wounded soldiers and pay it to these
employes.
Mr. CLARK. As is said by the Senator from
Iowa, it is taking so much away fiom the sick and
wounded soldiers. But, I say, because we will
not assent to what is contiary to law, and in con-
formity to very bad practice, which both Houses
of Congress agreed to cut up and remove, the
action of the Senate is charged before the coun-
try as u an atrocity.M I hope I may be permitted
to say here further that, when the vote shall be
taken, we shall put the deficiency bill upon the
legislative bill, and let us see if we cannot make
provision for the sick and wounded soldiers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate insist upon its disagreement to
the House bill called the deficiency bill and ask
for a further conference.
Mr. CLARK. That was not a part of my
motion. I moved only to insist; I did not ask
for another committee. lam willing that the mo-
tion should be simply to insist, and let the House
take action on the question whether we shall have
another committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the Senate further insist upon its amend-
ment striking out a portion of the House bill.
The motion was agreed to.
BIUDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to enter a privi-
leged motion. I move a reconsideiation of the
vote by which Senate bill No. 39:3, telative to a
bridge across the Ohio river at Louisville, was
passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
Mr. POWELL. I would inquire in regard to
the rule, whether if I allow the motion to be
